Israeli Apartheid : A Beginners Guide
Al - Quds Al - Arabi
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
ummah
LONDON – The Israel Society at Cambridge University has succumbed to pressure and canceled a talk by Ben-Gurion University of the Negev historian Benny Morris after protesters accused him of “ Islamophobia ” and “ racism . ” Morris was scheduled to speak to students at the university on Thursday , but following a campaign led by anti-Israel activist Ben White the Israel Society canceled the talk .
Instead Morris was invited to speak at an event hosted by the university ’s Department of Political and International Studies .
White , who graduated from the university in 2005 and authored the book , set up a protest page on Facebook in which he claimed that “ on different occasions , Morris has expressed Islamophobic and racist sentiments towards Arabs and Muslims .
” He added : “ We find it offensive and appalling that an official student society would want to invite such an individual .
” Following the Facebook protest , a letter was sent to the student union by the university ’s Islamic Society , other students and two staff members from the English Department asking it to take a stand and show it is serious “ in opposing bigotry and Islamophobia . ”
The 15 signatories said Morris ’s views were “ abhorrent and offensive .
“ The issue is hate speech , and the impact of a visit by this individual on the campus ’ atmosphere for the student body ’s minority groups ...
His visit is insulting , threatening to Arab and Muslim students in particular and also goes against the spirit of the student union ’s stated anti-Islamophobia policy , ” the letter read .
Last year , Cambridge ’s Palestine Society hosted Abd al - Bari Atwan , editor - in - chief of the London - basednewspaper .
In 2008 , Atwan said the terrorist attack on Jerusalem ’s Mercaz Harav yeshiva , in which eight students were killed and 15 were wounded , was “ justified ” as the school was responsible for “ hatching Israeli extremists and fundamentalists .
” On February 18 , Daud Abdullah , deputy - secretary of the Muslim Council of Britain , will speak at Islam Week organized by the Cambridge University Islamic Society .
Last year , the British government distanced itself from Abdullah after he signed the Istanbul Declaration , in which he called for attacks on the British navy , were it to enforce a ban on arms smuggling to Gaza .
He has also called for continued military action against Israel .
Jake Witzenfeld , president of Cambridge University ’s Israel Society , canceled the Morris talk , apologizing for any “ unintended offense .
”
“ I decided to cancel for fear of the Israel Society being portrayed as a mouthpiece of Islamophobia , ” he said .
“ We understand that whilst Professor Benny Morris ’ contribution to history is highly respectable and significant , his personal views are , regrettably , deeply offensive to many .
” Witzenfeld said he took into consideration the sensitivities of others but questioned if others would do this .
“ Cancelling the lecture and choosing to recognize the sensitivities of those offended by Morris was unfortunate yet noble .
I ’m proud to be president of a society that behaves in such a way .
But more fool us .
Are we going to receive the same treatment ?
Or will we continue to be judged to a different standard ?
“ Consider the invitees of the Cambridge ‘ Palestinian lobby . ’
In March I went to hear Atwan speak – a man who has publicly said if Iranian missiles strike , Israel would go to Trafalgar Square and ‘ dance with delight .
’“ In September , actress Miriam Margolis spoke at a student union event in association with the Palestine Society in a talk entitled , ‘ An old Jew says sorry .
’“ Her depiction of Jews as both bigoted and blood - thirsty appears to be of no concern to the organizers of the latest protest .
When [ lawyer ]
Michel Massih spoke in October , a man professionally distinguished by his defense of such luminaries as Sudan ’s President Bashir , much of his content reeked of traditional anti-Semitic tropes , merely switching the word ‘ Jew ’ for ‘ Zionist , ’ ” Witzenfeld said .
“ Why did I never complain about anti-Israel or anti-Jewish sentiment ?
It would have been easy .
I had thought that when you choose to take an active interest in a conflict where multiple narratives exist , you accept that there is mutual respect amongst parties and that sometimes you will have to listen to things you might not want to hear .
I was clearly wrong , too idealistic , trusting and naive , ” he said .
A Muslim group accused of publishing anti-Semitic material congratulated the Islamic Society for the cancelation of Morris ’s talk .
“ Muslim Public Affairs Committee congratulated Cambridge ’s Islam Society on the success of their campaign and lobbying to stop the Islamophobe Benny Morris giving a speech at their university ...
A simple Facebook group and a well written letter is all that it takes to defend your religion , ” the group said .
The 2006 All - Party Parliamentary Report into Anti-Semitism alleged thatthe anti-Israel Muslim Public Affairs Committee has used material fromHolocaust denial and neo -Nazi publications , uses the word “ Zionist ” asa replacement for “ Jew ” and engages in the spread of conspiracytheories about Jews .
In 2006 , it was discovered that MPAC founder Asghar Bukhari make a donation to convicted Holocaust denier DavidIrving .
MPAC is now urging other Muslim students to join itstraining sessions , “ so that you too may learn how you can defend the Muslim[ nation ] and fight for our freedom – just as the Cambridge University Islamic Society has done . ”
CD Projekt has announced that Atari is the latest publisher to sign up and start making it 's older games available to buy from it 's digital distribution storefront , GoodOldGames .
The announcement coincides with CD Projekt 's Spring Conference , as well as the announcement that theseries is being made available on GOG.com
The initial line - up of Atari titles that will be available on GoodOldGames includeand the 1999 classic , each of which will be available to buy shortly . , ” said Marcin Iwinski , Co-Founder of CD Projekt and GOG.com .
GoodOldGames specialises in selling classic PC games that have been modified to run on modern systems .
All of the 200 + available games come without any DRM whatsoever and usually a handful of extra content , such as downloadable soundtracks .
Games are cheap too - falling into either $ 9.99 USD or $ 5.99 USD price bands .is definitely a cult classic that we 're very fond of - so much so that we listed it in our ' Best Games
You 've Never Played ' article a while back .
Let us know what games you 'd like to see on GOG.com in the forums
ZenShui / Getty Images
Would you be happier if you spent more time discussing the state of the world and the meaning of life — and less time talking about the weather ?
It may sound counterintuitive , but people who spend more of their day having deep discussions and less time engaging in small talk seem to be happier , said Matthias Mehl , a psychologist at the University of Arizona who published a study on the subject .
“ We found this so interesting , because it could have gone the other way — it could have been , ‘ Do n’t worry , be happy ’ — as long as you surf on the shallow level of life you ’re happy , and if you go into the existential depths you ’ll be unhappy , ” Dr. Mehl said .
But , he proposed , substantive conversation seemed to hold the key to happiness for two main reasons : both because human beings are driven to find and create meaning in their lives , and because we are social animals who want and need to connect with other people .
“ By engaging in meaningful conversations , we manage to impose meaning on an otherwise pretty chaotic world , ” Dr. Mehl said .
“ And interpersonally , as you find this meaning , you bond with your interactive partner , and we know that interpersonal connection and integration is a core fundamental foundation of happiness . ”
Dr. Mehl ’s study was small and does n’t prove a cause - and - effect relationship between the kind of conversations one has and one ’s happiness .
But that ’s the planned next step , when he will ask people to increase the number of substantive conversations they have each day and cut back on small talk , and vice versa .
The study , published in the journal Psychological Science , involved 79 college students — 32 men and 47 women — who agreed to wear an electronically activated recorder with a microphone on their lapel that recorded 30 - second snippets of conversation every 12.5 minutes for four days , creating what Dr. Mehl called “ an acoustic diary of their day . ”
Researchers then went through the tapes and classified the conversation snippets as either small talk about the weather or having watched a TV show , and more substantive talk about current affairs , philosophy , the difference between Baptists and Catholics or the role of education .
A conversation about a TV show was n’t always considered small talk ; it could be categorized as substantive if the speakers analyzed the characters and their motivations , for example .
Many conversations were more practical and did not fit in either category , including questions about homework or who was taking out the trash , for example , Dr. Mehl said .
Over all , about a third of all conversation was ranked as substantive , and about a fifth consisted of small talk .
But the happiest person in the study , based on self - reports about satisfaction with life and other happiness measures as well as reports from people who knew the subject , had twice as many substantive conversations , and only one - third of the amount of small talk as the unhappiest , Dr. Mehl said .
Almost every other conversation the happiest person had — 45.9 percent of the day ’s conversations — were substantive , while only 21.8 percent of the unhappiest person ’s conversations were substantive .
Small talk made up only 10 percent of the happiest person ’s conversations , while it made up almost three times as much –- or 28.3 percent –- of the unhappiest person ’s conversations .
Next , Dr. Mehl wants to see if people can actually make themselves happier by having more substantive conversations .
“ It ’s not that easy , like taking a pill once a day , ” Dr. Mehl said .
“ But this has always intrigued me .
Can we make people happier by asking them , for the next five days , to have one extra substantive conversation every day ? ”
SeedZone.org have been online since 15-03- 2010
Mp3/Tv/Xvid Tracker
So far their is ~350 registered users and almost 500 torrents uploaded .
The design is clean and looks pretty good , People who are members of Torrentleech will probably recognise some details .
Most torrents are uploaded by a seedbox so speeds should be good .
Because the tracker is so recently launched some bugs exists .
You can't sort torrents after size , seeders , leechers or " added on " for example but hopefully these bugs will be sorted out soon ( or hopefully they will add thif option if it do n't already exist . )
So far no country bans are in effect what i could find out and they have a seedbonus system .
Members of Etiv.in will probably recognise some of the users there .
Quick Info :
Irc : ?
Browse section :
It seams like their users have n't started to use the site yet .
This will of course change when they start to get some more users in .
Seedbonus system exists witch is good for users with low upload speed .
Interesting that they have chosen to just host Mp3 / Tv / Xvid
Forum :
Activity will increase when the userbase does .
As mentioned their is probably no country bans from the start witch is good , nice to see that they give everyone a chance .
So far in the " International forum section " these threads have been posted :
Romanian , French , Danish , Norwegian , German , Arabic , Hindi , Polish , Russian , Swedish .
Rules :
User Classes & Promotion :
User : Default class
Power User : Must have been be a member for at least 4 weeks , have uploaded at least 25GB and have a ratio at or above 1.05 .
Can download DOX over 1MB and view NFO files .
VIP : Assigned by mods at their discretion to users they feel contribute something special to the site .
Same privileges as Power User .
Uploader : Appointed by Admin/ SysOp , Uploading rights
Moderator : Can edit and delete any uploaded torrents .
Can also moderate user comments and disable accounts .
Administrator : Can do just about anything .
SysOp : Site owner
Summary :
This site have potential lets hope they will stay alive and grow .
Their is no staff page witch can be annoying ( i understand that they want to stay anonymous ) but their staff titles shows up in forum posts anyway .
Rating :
A rating this early in a trackers life is not such a good idea because they 're still growing but i like the design and the speeds .
OTTAWA–Parliament is being asked to give a hand to the dying – by an MP who has faced death herself .
Bloc Québécois MP
Francine Lalonde is hoping against odds to succeed with a private member 's bill to amend the Criminal Code and legalize euthanasia and assisted suicide in Canada .
It 's an effort made personal by her own fights with cancer in recent years .
The 69 - year - old politician made no mention of her health struggles during a 15 - minute address to the Commons Tuesday evening to launch the debate .
Instead , she said it 's time to legalize physician - assisted suicide to give comfort to those living their final days in " intolerable pain . "
" Helping someone to die gently and without pain , can we call this murder ?
Many would say ' no . '
And that 's what I say , " said Lalonde ( La Pointe - de - l ' Île ) .
" People who are going through a painful terminal phase , we should not refuse them the right to die with dignity .
She said her bill would allow terminally ill patients to " decide for themselves the time of death . "
She cited ongoing efforts by doctors and lawmakers in Quebec to study the question of helping terminally ill patients die in " very precise conditions .
" They want to establish what those conditions are , " she said .
She said advances in medical care that keep people alive " longer and longer ... and delay death " are making the issue more pressing .
" Is the capacity to live longer what we want ?
Sometimes people who have an incurable disease like cancer have imposed on them a very unfortunate quality of life , " Lalonde said .
" I believe medicine will have to inevitably work towards a template for end - of - life care and for euthanasia , " she said .
But the idea ran into immediate opposition from other MPs during the Commons debate , who warned that permitting assisted suicides would open a Pandora 's box .
" Contrary to her intentions , this bill will allow doctors to provide a patient with a lethal injection , making many Canadians vulnerable to premature death , " said Conservative MP James Lunney ( Nanaimo - Alberni ) .
Conservative MP David Sweet ( Ancaster - Dundas - Westdale ) warned of " unmanageable consequences . "
" At what point on this slippery slope do we stop ? " he said .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
As a private member 's bill , Lalonde 's effort to legalize assisted suicides has little chance of becoming law .
It 's not the first time she has sought to put the sensitive issue on the parliamentary agenda .
Lalonde brought forward a bill on the subject in 2005 , but after a few hours of debate the bill disappeared and did not get before a committee before the session ended .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Team US F1 has promised an innovative approach for the design of its first Formula 1 car , as the Charlotte - based operation edges closer its first test with the 2010 challenger .
The outfit has spent almost one year working on the new car and one of its chief designers , Scott Bennett , has revealed that the team will not simply be following the pack .
" I 'm extremely fortunate in that I 've been able to do most of the car 's layout from day one - I 've seen and had a hand in almost every step of its evolution , " he wrote on the Team US F1 's official website .
" Primarily I 've been responsible for the front and rear suspension , particularly packaging .
This has been a huge challenge .
F1 cars are small , and we are fitting a lot of stuff into a very tight volume .
" And we 're doing a few things quite differently than they have been done in recent years .
I can't give specifics ( yet ) , but we 've looked at everything with a fresh perspective , and come up with some different answers .
" We 'll know whether they were the right or wrong answers soon enough , but our car certainly wo n't be a clone of anything else out there .
And did you know that we 're the only one of the four new teams designing our own gearbox ? "
Bennett is overjoyed at the opportunity he has got to help work on US F1's first car , with only a few weeks now before the machine hits the track for the first time .
" In less than a year we 've built a very capable shop , put together the smartest and most talented group of people I 've ever had the privilege of working with , and designed what should be a fast , reliable , safe , drivable , and yes , beautiful car , " he said .
" This team means a lot of different things to a lot of different people , but for me it 's literally a dream come true .
When those lights go out at the start of our first race , it will be both the end of a long road , and the start of a new one .
I can't wait . "
Google on Tuesday is reportedly going to unveil a new social service that will incorporate a stream of " media and status updates " into Gmail .
These streams would not be public , but would require you to connect with your fellow Google users and may eventually incorporate other Google services like YouTube and Picasa , according to The Wall Street Journal .
While a Google - developed social media stream incorporated into Gmail sounds like an interesting concept , it also sounds like Google is trying to create a closed version of Twitter where your status updates are not public by default , but private .
That 's a mistake to my mind , and I certainly hope that rumors are wrong on that point .
We will likely find out more soon .
Google has sent invitations out to the media for a 10 a.m. ( Pacific Time ) press conference set for Tuesday .
In the interim , here are five things Google should do to make Gmail 's rumored social networking stream a winner .
Play Nice With Others
If this is going to work for Google , then it's all about tapping into the application programming interfaces ( APIs ) of other services .
If you do n't know what an API is , it 's basically how third - party twitter clients like Tweetdeck allow you to send and receive tweets , and it's what allows your Twitter account to automatically update your Facebook status .
Google should build on already popular social networking tools ( Facebook and Twitter ) rather than trying to convince users to build a Google - centric network .
I doubt many people want to start from scratch and build yet another group of friends around their Google account .
If they did , would n't Google 's own Orkut social network be the most popular Web site in the world ?
To win , Google should follow the path of third - party clients like Seesmic and Tweetdeck by incorporating everything they can think of like Flickr as well as Picasa , and updates to Twitter , Facebook , MySpace , and Linked In .
If Google really is interested in free - flowing information , then it's all about third - party APIs for Gmail 's social features .
Another Widget ?
The great thing about Gmail is the wide variety of widgets you can add to your interface , but you know what the the worst thing about Gmail is ?
The wide variety of widgets you can add to your interface .
There seems to be a widget for everything from third - party interfaces for Remember the Milk and Twitter to Google Apps and search .
The problem is these widgets can sometimes misbehave , take a little bit too long to load , and sometimes are not even that useful .
If Gmail 's social features could somehow integrate into my chat widget or find somewhere else to live -- like the right side of the inbox -- that might be a better solution .
Do n't Mention Orkut
Orkut might be a popular social network in places like Brazil , but for the rest of us Orkut is just not that interesting .
If Gmail 's social features require an Orkut account , then you can count me out .
My digital identity is already spread across way too many services as it is .
A better alternative would be to encourage me to use my public Google Profile as a dashboard for all my social services , similar to the company 's Dashboard for Google services .
In some ways , my Google profile is already an index of my digital identity , and since I 've already built it , why not give me a better reason to make more use of this profile ?
Drop the Google Friending Business
Gmail 's social features will reportedly only share your social information with people you 're connected with .
If that means I have to start connecting with people on Google , then this is an instant fail .
Who wants to go through that again ?
Google has been trying this with Google Reader , and from what I can tell it has n't become a phenomenon .
Gmail 's social service would work better as a third - party social networking aggregator than a brand new service that 's just adding more noise .
Make it easy and useful
Software developer and blogger Dave Winer made an interesting point on his blog Scripting.com .
Winer points out that its very easy to attach a sound file , image or document to an e-mail , but tweeting out a picture is not as simple .
If Google makes it easy to share images and MP3s , as well as links , that would go a long way in making Google 's social venture more useful to users .
But again , if those tweets / status updates can't be sent out to my existing networks , there 's very little incentive to use it .
Connect with Ian on Twitter ( @ianpaul ) .
A simple how - to for those who still have n’t figured out they can move their DVD collection do the atv .
“ Ripping your personal DVD ’s for the AppleTV adds convenience .
Selecting them from My Movies is so much simpler than finding and then loading up the DVD , ” says Guy and we do agree .
Guy recommends using DVD43 for ripping and HandBrake for converting to mp4 , but remember there is a lot of other software that can do this job .
For those who like to organize their movies with DVDpedia , PARA9 has just released DVDpedia FrontRow and AppleTV plugin 2.0.6 with AppleTV 3.0.1 support .
Read How to add your DVDs to AppleTV
Britain faces a possible Greek scenario , European Union warns
By Chris Marsden
22 March 2010
The European Commission has warned that the British government could face a Greek scenario if it does not escalate its drive to impose austerity .
EU commissioners stated in a report that Britain ’s AAA credit rating was in peril because the Labour government of Gordon Brown had not proposed cuts savage enough to reduce indebtedness .
At more than £ 178 billion , 12 percent of gross domestic product , Britain ’s deficit is proportionately on a par with Greece and vastly larger in real terms .
The report complains that the UK is not on course to cut its deficit in line with EU rules that government deficits must be below 3 percent of GDP by 2014 .
Britain is not in the Eurozone , but is heavily dependent on the European economy .
Labour ’s pre-budget report announced plans to make cuts of £ 19 billion , which it said would cut the UK ’s deficit to 4.7 percent by 2015 .
Estimates by the government of the scale of the additional cuts being demanded followed , ranging between £ 20 billion and £ 25 billion .
The EC report bluntly states , “ A credible time frame for restoring public finances to a sustainable position requires additional fiscal tightening measures beyond those currently planned . ”
The report also questions the UK treasury ’s forecasts for economic growth of 2 percent in 2010 - 11 and 3.3 percent throughout each of the following four years .
A European official told the BBC , “ Britain is being too optimistic about its chances of recovery .
It thinks it will be able to come out of this quicker than we think it will . ”
The markets initially responded by selling off sterling , with the pound falling to a ten - month low against the dollar and below $ 1.50 to $ 1.4977 .
It climbed back after better - than - expected housing data , but remains the worst - performing major currency this year after weakening by 7 percent against the dollar .
Bloomberg pointed out , “ Futures traders are more bearish than ever on sterling , with wagers on the pound weakening against the dollar outnumbering futures that profit on a rise by eight times more than when George Soros made $ 1 billion betting against the currency in 1992 . ”
Such speculation is only an expression of the insatiable demands of the global financiers for the working class to be made to pay for the bail - out of the banks and for a more general and sustained restructuring of economic and social life in their interests .
They are intent on clawing millions out of the backs of working people to refill state coffers emptied in order to prop up finance houses that failed through unbridled speculation .
To do this they want essential public services to be wiped out and millions thrown into unemployment or put on starvation wages .
In the meantime they are glutting themselves once more , making billions by hiking up interest rates on bonds purchased by those governments being denounced as heavily indebted .
A withdrawal of an AAA credit rating escalates the cost of servicing a debt to the bankers which have been rescued by the very same governments , threatening entire nations with bankruptcy .
These are the rapacious interests that are dictating the political agenda in every country .
The EC report was viewed by the government as more of a threat than a warning , particularly coming in the run-up to an as yet unannounced but probably May 6 general election in which the Conservatives are denouncing the government for being dishonest about the scale of cuts now required .
Shadow Chancellor George Osborne said , “ The Conservatives have been arguing that we need to reduce our record budget deficit more quickly in order to support the recovery . ”
Tory leader David Cameron said that voters face a choice between a dishonest Labour government putting off difficult decisions and a Conservative party prepared to “ roll up its sleeves and get on with the job . ”
Liberal Democrat Treasury spokesman Vince Cable said to be credible , parties needed to show what they would cut .
Brown responded that the Conservatives would “ wreck the recovery ” by their planned budget cuts .
Chancellor Alistair Darling ’s budget will be delivered Wednesday this week .
He insisted that the EC was “ wrong ” and that making faster cuts would be harmful to the recovery .
Labour has in reality outlined austerity measures that it boasts of being the sharpest and fastest deficit reduction proposal in the G7 leading industrial nations , involving a £ 38 billion - pound cut in spending starting in 2011 and £ 19 billion tax increases from April .
The government has made clear that it wants to go further , but fears that cuts imposed too quickly would tip the economy back into recession — a position shared by the Bank of England and most leading economists .
It is also aware that to pledge the measures now being called for would guarantee Labour losing the election .
These are , however , only tactical differences .
Should economic conditions worsen , or the demands for more decisive action continue to escalate , Labour will do what is expected .
Chief Secretary to the Treasury Liam Byrne noted that the government ’s predictions are based on £ 25 billion coming from economic growth .
If that does not materialise , then the cuts figures outlined by the EC would have to be imposed .
The UK economy is in dire straits , and there is every reason to anticipate a worsening of the domestic and global economic situation .
This week the Bank of England ’s quarterly bulletin warned that families must expect an ongoing fall in living standards , including an effective pay cut .
It was also too early to conclude that unemployment has peaked .
Many workers have accepted pay cuts and working part time , but the Bank said that they must now realise that the costs of goods and services will likely continue to rise faster than wages .
Wage rises are running at an annual rate of 1.4 percent , and in the private sector at just 0.7 percent — well below inflation .
“ While pay restraint helped save jobs during the recession , the dawning realisation that this will have to continue for some considerable time if jobs are not to be lost during the recovery will test the goodwill of UK workers to the limit , ” the report said .
It continued that “ There remains a risk of further falls in employment ....
Businesses may respond to any future squeeze in profits by shedding staff . ”
Bank policymaker and Monetary Policy Committee member Kate Barker conceded that the economy would re-enter recession this year .
John Philpott , chief economist of the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development , commented , “ The likelihood of a ‘ jobs - light ’ or , worse still , a ‘ jobs - loss ’ recovery has been of concern to the CIPD for some time . ”
Officially unemployment fell by 33,000 to 2.45 million in January , standing at 7.8 percent .
However , the jobless fall only masks a 14 - year low for UK employment .
The Office for National Statistics has confirmed that 8.16 million people are now classed as “ economically inactive . ”
Fully one in five adults are no longer seeking employment .
Long - term unemployment rose by 61,000 to 687,000 .
Youth unemployment stands at one million , and part - time employment is also at one million .
An additional 100,000 people entered education because there are no jobs .
This brings those in education to 2.3 million , a record high .
The number out of job or economically inactive , therefore , totals 10.6 million or 28 percent of the working population .
It is under these conditions that further cuts will now be made .
Jeremy Warner wrote in the Telegraph , “ [ D ] o n’t bet on the markets suspending judgement until after polling day .
When they come , currency and fiscal crises tend to develop suddenly and without much warning .
We may be quite close to that tipping point . ”
The most significant depiction of the acute nature of the ongoing crisis came from the US credit rating agency Moody ’s on sovereign debt .
Ambrose Evans - Pritchard , again in the Telegraph , noted Moody ’s verdict that the United States , the UK , Germany , France , and Spain are “ walking a tightrope as they try to bring public finances under control without nipping recovery in the bud . ”
Moody ’s warned of “ substantial execution risk ” in early withdrawal of stimulus measures , noting that an IMF study said quantitative easing had lopped 40 to 100 basis points off debt costs .
But waiting too long was “ no less risky . ”
Pierre Cailleteau , the chief author of the report , ended with a sobering word of caution to the ruling elite of the possible implications of their own actions :
“ Preserving debt affordability at levels consistent with AAA ratings will invariably require fiscal adjustments of a magnitude that , in some cases , will test social cohesion ....
We are not talking about revolution , but the severity of the crisis will force governments to make painful choices that expose weaknesses in society . ”
By Roland Buerk
BBC News , Tokyo
Peter Bethune could be charged with trespassing and face prison
An activist from New Zealand has been arrested by Japan 's coastguard after he boarded a Japanese whaling ship in the Southern Ocean last month .
Peter Bethune said he had boarded the ship intending to make a citizen 's arrest of the Japanese crew .
Instead , the Shonan Maru 2 immediately set sail for Japan with him on board .
He is a member of the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society , which has been trying to disrupt the annual hunt of the Japanese whaling fleet .
Scores of camera crews and photographers waited on the quayside as the whaling ship sailed into Tokyo bay with the anti-whaling activist on board .
' Eco-terrorist '
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Nationalist protestors were carrying Rising Sun flags and placards branding Peter Bethune an " eco-terrorist " .
After the Shonan Maru 2 docked , Japanese coastguard officials went on board and arrested him .
He had been detained on the ship as it sailed back to Japan after he boarded it from a jet - ski in the Southern Ocean last month .
His intention was to perform a citizen 's arrest on the Shonan Maru 2's captain for what he said was the attempted murder of his crew , and demand compensation .
Mr Bethune was in command of a Sea Shepherd hi-tech stealth boat when it was sliced in two in a collision with the ship as anti-whaling activists clashed with the fleet .
He could now be charged with trespassing on a vessel , and if convicted , face a fine or prison .
With Michael Sangiacomo
ELYRIA , Ohio --
Mourners bearing flowers , stuffed animals and balloons made their way to the Elyria police station Tuesday to honor a veteran officer shot dead the night before .
Patrolman James Kerstetter , 43 , was gunned down about 10 p.m. while answering a call at a house at 326 18th Street .
Kerstetter , a married father of three girls , had been with the department for 15 years .
He was a specially - trained member of the SWAT team and a mentor to rookie officers and troubled youth .
He was killed while answering a call about a troubled man .
Police said Ronald Palmer , 58 , killed Kerstetter just before other officers arrived and shot Palmer dead .
Several passersby stood in silence in front of Palmer 's home Tuesday afternoon gazing at the house where Kerstetter and Palmer were killed .
One of the onlookers knew both fallen men .
Steve Wonder of Sheffield Village grew up with Kerstetter , from Boy Scouts at age 8 through Elyria West High School .
And Wonder was hired the same week as Palmer to drive tow motors at the Ford plant in Avon 17 years ago .
" They were two of the nicest guys you 'd ever meet , " Wonder said .
" I knew Ronnie was on medication because he was bipolar .
When he was off his medication , which was rare , he would get delusional . "
Wonder questioned how something like this could happen .
Kerstetter was the first officer to arrive at Palmer 's house after a next - door neighbor called for help .
The woman , who lived in a house she rented from Wonder , called police about 10 p.m .
She said Palmer had come to her house naked and kicked in a window before walking home .
Kerstetter walked through Palmer 's back door and shots were fired .
Kerstetter radioed in to a dispatcher that he had been shot and needed backup .
Then he collapsed .
He was pronounced dead on arrival at Elyria Memorial Hospital .
Responding officers confronted Palmer , who had stepped outside .
Officers fired .
Palmer was pronounced dead at the scene .
Palmer 's longtime neighbor George Price said he heard the shooting .
" Pow , pow , pow , " he said , " then a bunch of shots , too many to count . "
Police refused to reveal any further details of the shootings , including the location of Kerstetter 's injuries or the encounter between Palmer and other officers .
The Lorain County Sheriff 's Office is investigating both shootings .
Kerstetter was a sheriff 's deputy before he joined the Elyria department on Sept. 6 , 1994 .
He also was a driving instructor at the Central Ohio Police Officers Training Academy in Reynoldsburg , where he trained other driving instructors .
He leaves behind his wife , Tammy , and three daughters , Misty , 17 , Shelby , 14 , and Bailey , 8 .
Donations for the family can be made at any First Merit Bank branch .
Funeral information
Calling hours are 2 to 9 p.m. Thursday and Friday at the Bauer - Laubenthal - Mercado Funeral Home , 38475 Chestnut Ridge Road , Elyria .
Funeral service is 10 a.m. Saturday at the Lorain County Community College Field House , 1005 Abbe Road , Elyria .
Burial will be in Resthaven Memory Gardens , 3700 Center Road , Avon .
Kerstetter 's family could not be reached to comment on his death .
" It 's terrible , " Chief Duane Whitely said .
" He was a top - notch officer , a friend to everyone and he loved being a cop .
He was always a calming force at a crime scene ... He was not the kind of guy to sit quietly in a room .
He stood out , seemed to always be laughing . "
Christina McKay , who left a spray of flowers at the station Tuesday morning , said she and Kerstetter had been friends for the last five years .
She works as a security guard at Lorain County Community College .
" He 's the kind of guy who always follows protocol , follows the rules , " she said .
" He would have given ( Palmer ) every chance possible [ to drop the gun ] , and that 's what did him in . "
William Wells , a burly , bald and tattooed man in his 20s , carried a bouquet past the memorial and walked into the station .
He walked to the door , which was opened by records clerk Paulette Kelley , handed her the flowers and said softly , " This just ai n't right . "
" Do n't you go crying on me , " she said as they embraced .
Kerstetter had befriended Wells when Wells was a young and rebellious boy , Kelley said .
Kerstetter mentored him and kept him out of trouble .
Also today
( 7:52 a.m . )
( 12:47 p.m . )
( 10:50 a.m. )
Around the Web :
( with audio from scene )
( WEWS Channel 5 )
( WTAM AM / 1100 )
It was unclear Tuesday if Kerstetter had crossed paths with Pamer before .
But a year ago officers were called to his house after he threatened to kill his wife .
He was charged with aggravated menacing , domestic violence and unlawful restraint for the March 26 incident .
According to the police report , neighbors heard Palmer 's wife , Garnetta , scream for help .
When officers arrived , they saw Palmer , naked and holding his wife of 34 years in a bear hug .
She was crying .
He told officers he was trying to talk her out of filing for divorce .
Then he spoke of his dead grandparents , saying they had been shot and killed .
And he spoke of being reincarnated as Jesus .
The officers noted in their report that the couple had a history of mental issues .
After Palmer released his wife , she told the officers that he had threatened her .
" I 'm gonna do you like my grandfather and grandmother , " he said , according to the report .
There was a .38 - caliber handgun in their bedroom .
Garnetta Palmer had minor injuries , including scratches and broken fingernails .
Palmer was released on bond under a judge 's order to get a psychological evaluation and to stay away from his wife .
He pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct in Elyria Municipal Court on Sept. 24 , and the more serious misdemeanor charges were dropped .
He was fined $ 100 .
Records also show that officers were first called to Palmer 's house in August 1994 for a disturbance .
Police also went to the house in September 2002 when Palmer threatened to kill himself .
There 's no record in Lorain County Common Pleas Court of the couple divorcing and neighbors disagreed on the number of children they had .
Tina Phillips , who lived next door to Palmer , said she was stunned by the shootings .
Palmer was a nice guy , she said .
" He 'd mow your lawn , invite us over for barbecues and coffee , " she said .
" There was never any trouble . "
Kerstetter 's death in the line of duty was the first in 68 years for the department .
Howard Taft was killed in 1942 .
Kerstetter was the 177th Northeast Ohio peace officer killed in the line of duty .
The 176th was 30 - year - old Cleveland Heights Patrolman Thomas Patton II , who died of a cardiac problem Saturday night while chasing a suspect who had spit on a fellow officer .
He will be buried Thursday .
Funeral arrangement were not available Tuesday for Kerstetter .
His body was released to the Bauer Laubenthal Funeral Home in Elyria .
Both officers ' names will be inscribed in May on the Greater Cleveland Peace Officers Memorial .
Honda 's recall comes after Toyota , the world 's largest car maker , faced a barrage of criticism over its handling of a fault in the brakes in more than 400,000 vehicles .
Aware of the problem last autumn , the company played down the issue and has been condemned for failing to listen to its customers .
It 's no secret that I love wine .
Oregon is one of the world 's great wine - making regions and produces a lot of world - class pinot noir , and there are few things I enjoy more than taking a day to bounce between vineyard tasting rooms and
, making new discoveries along the way .
And as part of the
, I occasionally get to be a loud - mouth about my likes and dislikes ( rosé is a year - round pleasure ; over - oaked wines make me cranky ; and too many California cabernets have the subtlety of an Adam Lambert ballad ) .
So here 's a dilemma I had n't focused much attention on : Not all wines are vegan .
What 's that ?
We 're talking fermented grape juice .
How can it not be vegan ?
My wine panel colleague and friend Katherine Cole
, which explains how some wines are made with egg whites to promote clarity , while others use animal - based gelatin to remove particulates .
And the process of making wine attracts fruit flies , and a few of the pesky critters may find their way into the fermentation tanks .
We 're talking minute amounts of the animal matter in gigantic vintages , but I can understand why truly devoted vegans would object .
Going vegan
Katherine points out that there is now a vegan wine section at the
, and she notes that a couple of Oregon wineries I enjoy adhere to vegan wine - making practices .
I 've also found a useful site called
, which tracks which wines , beers and spirits are vegan - friendly .
That 's good and useful info as I think about what wines I 'll buy in the future .
But what should I do with the dozen or so cases of really good wine that are in a climate - controlled storage locker ?
I 've amassed some pretty terrific bottles over the years as a member of various wine clubs , and I 'm scared to look at Barnivore 's ratings .
Since we 're probably talking parts per million , I 'm inclined to enjoy my cellar - dwellers even though I 've made the switch to a vegan diet .
But
still
...
Join in the conversation here , and follow me on
.
Temps de lecture : 6 min
Par comparaison avec l'énormité du scandale qui a éclaté dans des pays comme les Etats - Unis , l'Irlande , l'Allemagne ou l'Autriche , la France paraît — provisoirement ?
— épargnée par les affaires de pédophilie du clergé .
Selon la conférence des évêques , on compte actuellement dans l'hexagone une dizaine de prêtres ou de religieux mis en examen pour des faits d'abus sexuels commis sur des mineurs .
C'est encore trop , mais on est loin des chiffres ahurissants enregistrés chez nos voisins .
Selon un responsable de la Congrégation vaticane pour la doctrine de la foi , Mgr Charles Scicluna , qui vient de révéler cette statistique , un total de 3.000 accusations a été porté contre des prêtres dans le monde , de 2001 à 2010 , pour de tels crimes commis au cours des cinquante dernières années .
Cette relative modestie des abus en France a de quoi étonner .
Comme en Irlande ou en Allemagne , l'Eglise a contrôlé des pans entiers de l'éducation des jeunes Français .
Si son influence décline , elle possède encore un nombre élevé d'établissements confessionnels , internats ou externats .
Jusqu'aux années 1960 - 1970 — celles qui ont donné lieu aux centaines de délits sexuels révélés seulement aujourd ' hui , ce sont des prêtres ou des religieux qui , en majorité , ont assuré l'enseignement dans ses établissements .
L'Eglise a aussi une longue tradition de présence et d'action dans les mouvements de jeunesse : patronages , scoutisme , aumôneries , etc .
Et pourtant les dénonciations sont moins massives en France qu'en Allemagne ou en Irlande .
Faut - il mettre ce fait sur le compte d'une vertu plus grande du clergé français ou d'un moindre militantisme des associations de victimes ?
Ce serait trop réducteur .
Ouverture
Il faut y voir , d'abord , l'effet d'une « dé - cléricalisation » plus précoce des établissements catholiques .
En moins grand nombre qu'autrefois , les prêtres et religieux français ont laissé la place à des catholiques laïcs pour enseigner et pour gérer leurs écoles , collèges et lycées .
De même , à part le scoutisme qui reste influent , les mouvements de jeunesse catholiques ont périclité au cours des dernières décennies .
Cette « dé - cléricalisation » a été accélérée par les lois laïques qui régissent le secteur de l'éducation en particulier .
Les établissements catholiques sous contrat avec l'Etat sont soumis à des obligations de caractère public .
Ce ne sont plus ces espaces clos que connaît encore la toute puissante Eglise d'Irlande qui n'a de comptes à rendre à personne .
Les internats en France fonctionnent de manière moins fermée .
Une certaine philosophie cléricale explique aujourd ' hui l'extension des scandales liés aux abus sexuels dans un clergé qui s'est cru longtemps impuni .
Elle donne l'illusion à l'Eglise qu'elle est au dessus de la justice , de la démocratie et de toute transparence .
Cette philosophie a prévalu plus longtemps dans d'autres pays que la France où elle n'est plus possible , compte tenu du système de séparation entre l'Eglise et l'Etat .
La laïcité à la française a permis moins d'entorse à la règle publique .
La deuxième raison de la relative faiblesse du nombre de scandales en France s'explique - t- elle par une approche probablement plus saine de la sexualité dans les pays latins ?
Il est éclairant de noter que ce sont des « pays du Nord » — Irlande , Pays - Bas , Allemagne — qui sont le plus touchés par les affaires de prêtres pédophiles , alors que l'Italie , l'Espagne ou la France défraient moins la chronique .
Tout se passe comme si les abus des années 1950 - 1970 avaient été cachés par une culture du secret alors propre aux pays du Nord qui , aujourd ' hui , vole en éclats sous la pression des associations de victimes .
Ces scandales remontent à des périodes où l'on parlait moins librement qu'aujourd ' hui de la sexualité .
« Des générations entières , explique un sociologue , qui ne trouvaient pas les mots pour exprimer la souffrance des victimes , sont capables aujourd ' hui de la dire grâce à l'évolution de la société vers plus de liberté » .
L'affaire Bissey - Pican
En France , il n'y a pourtant pas de quoi pavoiser .
L'Eglise n'a pas été complètement épargnée par le scandale .
On peut même dire qu'elle a été touchée plus tôt que ses voisines et que les mesures qu'elle a su prendre précocement expliquent aussi la relative discrétion d'aujourd ' hui .
La première affaire , fortement médiatisée , remonte à l'année 1996 quand avaient été révélés les agissements de l'abbé René Bissey , prêtre du diocèse de Bayeux , accusé d'un viol et de plusieurs agressions sexuelles sur des mineurs .
Elle avait connu un rebondissement spectaculaire avec la mise en examen de son supérieur hiérarchique , un évêque , Mgr Pierre Pican , pour « non-dénonciation de crimes et d'atteintes sexuelles » .
La preuve avait été apportée que cet évêque avait eu connaissance d'une partie des faits reprochés à l'abbé Bissey sans les signaler à la justice .
Il en avait été informé par son propre collaborateur , un vicaire général , qui avait reçu les confidences de la mère d'une des jeunes victimes .
En octobre 2000 , l'abbé Bissey a été condamné à dix - huit ans de réclusion criminelle par la cour d'Assises du Calvados .
Le procès de son évêque s'est tenu quelques mois plus tard , en juin 2001 , au tribunal correctionnel de Caen .
L'homme d'Eglise a bâti sa défense sur l'«option de conscience » qui s'attache au secret professionnel reconnu aux ministres du culte ( secret de la confession ) .
Mais le jugement n'a pas retenu cet argument : Mgr Pican avait couvert d'autres faits concernant d'autres victimes que celle qui s'était confiée à son collaborateur .
Il a donc été condamné à trois mois de prison avec sursis .
Ce qui avait provoqué la colère de son avocat : « C'est la première fois qu'un évêque est condamné depuis la Révolution française ! » .
Du côté des victimes , on pensait au contraire que cette condamnation allait permettre une prise de conscience pour que l'Eglise ne couvre plus jamais ce type de délits et de crimes .
L'évêque n'a d'ailleurs pas fait appel de sa condamnation .
Il a également refusé de donner sa démission .
Arsenal de référence
Cette affaire Bissey - Pican a conduit les évêques de France à se munir , plus tôt que dans les pays voisins , d'un arsenal préventif et répressif visant les prêtres pédophiles .
Dès le mois de novembre 2000 , dans le cadre de l'assemblée plénière de Lourdes , ils ont adopté une déclaration qui leur sert encore aujourd ' hui de référence : « Les prêtres qui se sont rendus coupables d'actes à caractère pédophile doivent répondre de ces actes devant la justice .
Ils doivent réparer le mal qu'ils ont fait et porter le poids de la peine infligée par l'Eglise et par la société » .
Le rôle de l'évêque dans ces affaires impliquant des prêtres est lui aussi nettement défini :
« Il ne peut ni ne veut rester passif , encore moins couvrir des actes délictueux » .
Autrement dit , l'évêque ne peut plus garder le silence , ni se contenter de muter simplement un prêtre soupçonné ou convaincu de pédophilie .
Il doit le dénoncer , « signaler » son cas à la justice , comme le prévoit la loi pour tout éducateur qui se livre à de tels méfaits .
L'Eglise de France a également publié en avril 2002 une sorte de feuille de route à l'usage de ses éducateurs et des familles , intitulé « Lutter contre la pédophilie » , rédigé par des théologiens , des psychologues et des hommes de loi , pour les aider à détecter les comportements pédophiles .
C'est un outil précieux car , dans ce type d'affaire , la structure psychique de la personnalité est en cause autant que l'identité sacerdotale .
« Tolérance zéro »
Il n'est pas facile de réunir les éléments suffisants et sûrs permettant de savoir si un éducateur , prêtre ou non , a effectivement commis des actes de caractère répréhensible .
Mais cette difficulté ne doit pas être un prétexte pour céder à la culture du secret , de la dénégation , du repli sur les reflexes d'autodéfense institutionnels .
Eclaboussée par l'affaire Bissey - Pican , la hiérarchie catholique en France n'ignore pas qu'elle peut encore être rattrapée , à tout moment , par d'autres dénonciations de délinquance ou crimes sexuels commis par ses prêtres .
Mais elle a conscience d'avoir pris à temps des mesures de transparence , de « tolérance zéro » et de collaboration avec la justice civile .
Elle souffre du discrédit qui frappe aujourd ' hui toute l'Eglise devant le caractère massif des révélations aux Etats - Unis , en Irlande , en Allemagne , en Autriche .
« C'est une vraie souffrance , dit un évêque interrogé par Slate .
fr , de savoir que des enfants sont démolis par des prêtres que l'on appelle « Pères » .
Mais il faut accepter de payer pour les fautes commises par notre corporation » .
Aussi comprend - on mieux le double objectif fixé par les responsables catholiques en France : d'une part , prendre en compte en priorité les victimes , c'est - à- dire les écouter et les aider à se reconstruire ; d'autre part , presser le coupable de se dénoncer et la victime à porter plainte .
Signe des temps : on a vu un évêque accompagner l'un de ses prêtres dans le bureau du procureur !
Henri Tincq
A lire sur le même sujet et du même auteur : La tolérance zéro selon Benoît XVI , Le pape peut - il se faire mettre à la porte ?
et la Curée sur les prêtres catholiques
Photo : procession à Lourdes , en septembre 2008 , lors de la visite papale .
REUTERS / Jean-PhilippeArles
Boss of Korean firm that gave Tony Blair secret cash was jailed for bribery
' A brilliant lobbyist ' :
An unverified picture purporting to show Tony Blair and Choi which has appeared on South Korean blogs
The chief executive of a South Korean oil firm which secretly paid Tony Blair undisclosed sums of cash has reportedly served a two - year prison sentence for bribery after one of his country ’s most notorious corruption scandals .
Kyu - Sun Choi , 49 , was convicted of making illegal payments to influence the awarding of lucrative contracts to run a national lottery .
But after his release from jail he was accused of involvement in another case of financial impropriety , this time centred on an alleged attempt to buy his company a place in an oil exploration consortium in Iraq .
Mr Blair kept his deal with UI Energy Corporation secret for nearly two years after persuading the committee that vets the business appointments of former Ministers that the information was ‘ market - sensitive ’ .
It only became public knowledge last week , after Lord Lang , the new chairman
of the Advisory Committee on Business Appointments , decided there were no grounds to conceal it any longer .
Mr Choi ’s conviction and jail sentence were reported by the online service of a leading Korean newspaper , the JoongAng Daily .
The disclosure raises fresh questions about Mr Blair ’s judgment .
He has been accused of cashing in on his time in Downing Street by accepting consultancy deals with investment banks and global corporations , earning him an estimated £ 20 million in the three years since he stepped down as Prime Minister .
Any suggestion of an association with a politician caught up in a corruption case will be particularly embarrassing for Mr Blair , who is now an international peace envoy to the Middle East .
South Korea was rocked by the scandal – known as ‘ Choi - gate ’ – in 2003 .
Mr Choi was convicted of taking bribes from firms wanting to run a national sports lottery .
The former lobbyist acted as a middleman between potential bidders and a son of the then South Korean president .
Choi with Iraqi workers in 2008 - he was investigated after the alleged attempts by UI Energy to join a South Korean government - backed consortium seeking oil exploration rights in the Kurdish region of Northern Iraq
Mr Choi was jailed for two years and fined more than £ 260,000 .
But in 2006 he was investigated again after the alleged attempts by UI Energy to join a South Korean government - backed consortium seeking oil exploration rights in the Kurdish region of Northern Iraq .
Mr Choi was not prosecuted but an ex-member of parliament was given a three - year suspended jail term .
Mr Blair is understood to have been hired by the Koreans after meeting Mr Choi in the United States .
Business analyst Jungnam Chi , who runs a consultancy in the capital Seoul , said : ‘ Mr Choi divides his time between the US and here .
He is a brilliant lobbyist and likes to stoke up VIPs and luminaries .
‘ He is present at parties for the rich and powerful .
He uses his relationships to wheel and deal . ’
Friends in high places : Choi with Iraq 's President Jalal Talabani
Mr Choi is listed by the Korean stock exchange and on UI Energy ’s website as overall chief executive and chairman .
He seldom gives interviews and virtually nothing is known of his private life .
His firm ’s headquarters has the slogan ‘ Challenge the Future , Change the World ’ on its frosted glass doors and windows .
A Mail on Sunday reporter who visited the building was told no one was available to comment .
Mr Blair informed the Advisory Committee on Business Appointments about his proposed tie - up with UI Energy in 2008 .
Unusually , his new job was not revealed by the committee after he asked for it to remain confidential for three months due to ‘ market sensitivities ’ .
When that period passed , the committee , then chaired by ex-Tory Cabinet Minister Lord Mayhew , asked for an update .
The committee wrote to him again in November last year , by which time Lord Mayhew had retired and Lord Lang , who also served as a Tory Minister , had taken over as chairman .
Last month Mr Blair asked for more time but was overruled .
Lord Mayhew said : ‘ I do n’t know why Mr Blair ’s job was n’t made known because I was n’t on the committee any longer . ’
A spokesman for Mr Blair said : ‘ This was a one - off piece of advice given in August 2008 .
‘ The project was first discussed in July 2008 , not before and not at any time while Mr Blair was Prime Minister .
Mr Blair has no ongoing relationship with UI Energy and had no relationship with the company before summer 2008 .
The advice had nothing to do with Iraq or Kurdistan .
‘ Mr Blair has no knowledge whatsoever of the allegations to which you refer .
Mr Blair met Mr Choi briefly in late July 2008 .’
Earnings so copious and complex he has 12 companies to handle them
Since giving up his Downing Street perch in 2007 , Tony Blair has been jet - setting around the world , picking up fat cheques for pronouncements on the Middle East , the oil industry , the environment , indeed about any old subject .
He is estimated to have made £ 20 million in less than three years .
It should therefore have come as no surprise to hear he had done a spot of ‘ consulting ’ for the South Korean oil firm UI Energy Corporation , which has interests in Iraq , and the ruling family of Kuwait .
In my investigations into the ex-Prime Minister ’s foolhardy road to war with Iraq for my book Blair ’s Wars , I did not find compelling evidence of a stitch - up with the big energy multinationals .
American journalists point to specific links with the Bush administration but , as far as I am aware , Blair ’s reasons for invading Iraq were not directly linked with its lucrative oil fields .
Rich : Tony Blair is thought to have raked in at least £ 20 m since leaving Downing Street in 2007
Yet , for Blair so blithely to strike a deal with a Korean firm linked to Iraq a mere year after leaving office is a characteristic act of hubris .
Blair is not the only one .
John Major entered into a deal with the Carlyle Group , one of America ’s largest and best - connected private equity firms .
The ‘ ex - presidents ’ club ’ , as it is nicknamed , does particularly well in times of war .
Blair was made for this era of post - politics .
The man who willed the truth to be whatever he thought at the time , the man who took politics - as - spin to a new level , was destined to be Britain ’s first fully fledged Ambassador of Bling .
Forever coveting and courting the rich while running the country , he was also resentful of the fact that while he ‘ languished ’ in Downing Street , many in his new - found social circle easily out - earned him .
He sweetened the pill by holidaying in the luxury villas of the likes of Cliff Richard and the Bee Gees .
He also was delighted to be entertained by that paragon of virtue and probity , Italy ’s Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi .
The only leader who came closer to Blair ’s affection was the equally unprepossessing Russian Prime Minister , Vladimir Putin .
Blair ’s financial advisers are presumably pleased with his mixed portfolio .
Apart from contracts with sundry Koreans and Kuwaitis , he has had a consultancy with a US investment bank , JP Morgan , since January 2008 , earning him £ 2 million a year .
Zurich Financial Services gives him an estimated £ 500,000 for similar services rendered .
Blair is reported to have been awarded even more than that figure for signing up with the prestigious Washington Speakers Bureau .
His earnings are so copious and complex that he is said to have established a network of up to 12 limited companies and limited liability partnerships .
These are rolled into the opaquely named Windrush Ventures No3 Limited Partnership which seeks to provide maximum tax ‘ efficiency ’ and minimum transparency .
All of this is bolstered by a pension of £ 63,000 a year , and an office allowance of £ 84,000 .
Finally , there is the book .
Blair has already pocketed a £ 4.6 million advance for The Journey , to be launched this autumn .
In order not to disappoint , he will have to come up with some extremely juicy revelations about his time in office .
Wherever he goes , Blair receives the private jet and VIP motorcade to which he feels entitled .
Yet he does not always have it his own way .
In November 2007 , he made a quick visit to the Chinese city of Dongguan .
He presumed he could waft in and out , giving his standard speech about saving the world .
Many in the audience were not impressed , particularly when they learnt he had charged £ 300,000 for the privilege .
The local paper talked of his ‘ money - sucking tentacles ’ .
He might have blanched at the temerity ; but he picked up his cheque and has carried on regardless .
John Kampfner is author of Blair ’s Wars and Freedom For Sale .
Marc Faber discusses America 's unsustainable debt load in this interview with Margaret Brennan on Bloomberg TV .
An amusing observation : the GDP growth from each $ 1 of new total debt has dropped from $ 0.25 to - $ 0.60 .
Also some much deserved Bernanke and Krugman bashing .
Why it is so difficult to realize that the only way out of the crisis is to cut corporate and sovereign debt , we do n't understand .
Ah yes , because for that to happen , equity values across virtually all of the US economy would be wiped out ...
And that would destroy the myth that there is any real equity value in America .
Full Faber interview .
via Gurufocus , h/t Mike
By December 2008 , Kalisz had started to lose his tenuous grip on his new life .
He was picked up on a weapons charge in Connecticut , and police there say that John Kalisz made bizarre claims about government conspiracies .
He admitted telling a family member that he would shoot people before submitting to a " new world order . "
And on Jan. 14 , authorities day he went on a shooting rampage , killing three people --- including his own sister and a law enforcement officer --- and seriously injuring two others .
On Christmas eve that year , police in Plainville , a small suburb southeast of Hartford , issued an alert saying Kalisz might be carrying weapons and that he told a sister he was planning a " shooting rampage . "
Three days later police pulled him over in Farmington .
Officers found knives and fireworks , enough to take him into custody .
In an holding cell three days later Kalisz told police he believed that the Federal Emergency Management Agency , FEMA , was building concentration camps and making millions of coffins .
A " new world order " was coming and he was stockpiling money and food .
He admitted telling a sister that he would rather " take other people out " than go to a FEMA concentration camp and that he had stashed guns at another sister 's home near Brooksville Florida near where is was now living .
If there is a hell I hope Glen Beck will burn in it along with the other so - called " christian " hate inciters and GOP enablers .
How many other ticking timebombs are out there listening to Faux " news " network hatching paranoid violent actions to Beck 's and company 's conpiracy lies and misinformation ?
What kind of society do these people want ?
Estimated reading time — 4 minutes
It ’s been 2 weeks since this whole thing started .
It all started with a tanker accident .
It was all over the news .
Everyone thought it was just another oil spill .
There were plenty of volunteers .
Plenty of people wanting to help the poor defenseless animals .
Plenty of victims .
Within hours of the tanker accident , it started happening .
The animals had gone crazy , they were scratching and biting the clean up volunteers .
They said that it was an adverse effect to whatever was in that tanker .
Rescue workers were still trying to get the crew out of the ship .
They could hear screaming inside .
Screams to open the doors .
But that ’s when it all went to hell .
As soon as they cut the door out .
There was 6 minutes of broadcast before it went silent .
6 minutes of screaming and agony .
The ship crew attacked the rescue workers like rabid baboons .
Breaking bones and tearing flesh .
The people on the shore were n’t fairing any better .
Those that had been attacked by animals were attacking everyone else .
It was worse than any war zone report , it was sheer brutality , and yet the broadcast still went on for 6 minutes .
6 minutes and then blank faces .
Nobody could explain what was happening .
They tried to continue with regular news , the economy , the weather , a cute human interest story , but they could n’t make us unsee what we saw .
I tried to continue with my regular existence but every time I switched on the news or walked by a news stand it was there .
This big mystery .
They had some explanations , some kind of infection , brain parasites , but it did n’t matter .
It was n’t an infection we were afraid of , it was them .
4 days after the initial report , a state of emergency was raised .
And yet we ’d all seen this before .
Every zombie movie ever .
People did n’t know who to trust .
People were stockpiling food and weapons .
Some tried to flee but it seems every zombie movie was right .
They did n’t make it .
3 days later they arrived in my town .
I expected moans , shuffling corpses , dismemberment , but that ’s where the movies lied .
They ran through the streets , screaming .
I remember running to my front door as fast as I could , locking , barricading , doing anything to make sure it would stay shut , and then I headed for the window .
I was on the second story and I could see the carnage .
They were unstoppable .
They were aware .
A group of them made there way through a building across the street .
They jumped straight through plate glass windows .
Even the shards slicing through them made no difference , they just kept coming .
My barricade was n’t going to hold .
I rushed around my flat , grabbing supplies and jamming them into the most secure room of the flat .
I went back for one last look across the street , and I wish I had n’t .
In a second story window , my face met one of theirs .
They knew where I was .
I quickly dashed into the room and locked the door .
I do n’t have any kind of panic room , or a secure basement , so the safest place I could think of was my bathroom .
No windows , one door with a lock .
I had filled my sink and bathtub full of water , So I could stay for a while .
So I sat there in the dark room , with the distant screams in my ears .
I began to feel like I may have over - reacted , it had been 2 hours and no sign of them .
It actually got quieter and I thought they had moved on .
Maybe I could leave the room , get to the kitchen .
Grab more food to wait it out .
A crash came from the front door .
The sound of someone running full force into the door and knocking down the barrier behind it .
There was a couple more crashes before I knew they were inside .
Rapid footsteps moving around the flat , a couple screams and then a bang on the wall beside me .
My eyes were open to their widest , even in the pitch black darkness of the room .
Another bang , and another .
They knew I was there and they knew I was scared .
This was the zombie nightmare I had been expecting from the start .
I had nowhere to run .
There was only so much time before they would break in .
I sat with my back to the door , hoping my extra weight would make it harder for them to get in .
And then it got worse .
“ why do n’t you open the door ? ”
A voice on the opposite side of the door .
No screams or moans , just a quiet , whispery voice .
And then more of them .
“ we ’ve come for you . ”
“ you ’ll be happier if you open the door ”
“ it ’s not so bad … ”
The whispery voices , became a cacophony of noise trying to persuade me , to break me , to fool me .
I had heard that the moaning of zombies would drive people insane but this was worse , a siren call .
I sat in the darkness and hoped and prayed that they ’d get bored .
But they do n’t get bored and they do n’t leave .
I managed to use the mirror to peak under the door , only to be greeted by horrible unblinking eyes , blood smeared faces , screams and more horrible whispers .
That was two days ago …
I do n’t know what to do anymore … maybe it wo n’t be so bad …
—
Credited to Chris Stewart .
Please wait ...
I was inspired to create this drink after a recent trip to Chicago , where I happened upon a bar that was still using egg whites and powdered sugar in their mixes .
Up until then it was only something I ’d read about and it seemed archaic , but after the first sip I was sold .
I do n’t know who was first inspired to use egg whites in a cocktail , but they deserve a medal , because it was a stroke of genius .
The egg whites make the drink taste creamy and rich ; think of it as the whipped cream on your sundae .
While at the bar I had a Tom Collins and a Gimlet that utilized both of these ingredients , and they each went down smoother and tasted better than any I ’d had before .
The sugar and egg kill the harsh qualities of the alcohols being mixed , which is probably why they were such a necessity years ago .
Although the Tom Collins I had was good , I ’m just not a big fan of that drink to begin with .
The Gimlet , on the other hand , hit the bull ’s eye .
It was my drink of choice for a while , and during that time I discovered there is a very thin line between a good and bad Gimlet .
The key is using just the right amount of lime juice , which varies with the kind of vodka or gin you are using .
However , even with a properly made Gimlet most people would n’t have more than one before switching to something else .
Fortunately , adding sugar and egg whites not only takes the guesswork out of the process , it makes the drink taste … good .
Think : lime smoothie .
For my recipe , I used Skyy vodka that was infused with ginger for one week .
You ca n’t get away with using a rotgut - quality vodka ; use something that you ’d be able to have straight .
Anything without a feral animal on the label should be fine .
To infuse , simply peel one ginger root as you would a potato , slice , and place in a container with a standard 750 ml bottle of vodka .
You definitely want to use a fresh ginger root , and not the powdered stuff .
I wrapped my ginger in cheesecloth so I would n’t have to dig out the pieces later on , but it ’s not necessary .
I let mine infuse for a week , but you could shorten that time by adding more .
Now that we have our vodka , let ’s make the Gimlet .
PRESS RELEASE TOP TEN EVOLUTION / CREATIONISM
STORIES OF THE YEAR Darwin celebrated ; evolution still under attack
Evolution fared well in 2009 .
The world celebrated the 200th anniversary of Darwin 's birth and the 150th of the publication of his On the Origin of Species .
Thousands of events , conferences , speeches , parties , magazine stories , blog postings , and other commemorations were held in his honor .
Darwin even got the Hollywood treatment , with the premiere of " Creation , " a moving ( yet accurate ) film portrayal of Darwin 's married life , starring Paul Bettany and Jennifer Connelly .
One creationist 's wobbly campaign to distribute free copies of a " special " edition of the Origin on college campuses was successfully counteracted by the NCSE and by local science groups , educators , students , and journalists across the U.S. and Canada .
( The " special " part was a laughably misleading 54 - page introduction by creationist Ray Comfort , who claimed , among other things , that Darwin was responsible for Hitler . )
On the legislative front , antievolution " academic freedom " bills were proposed and shot down in half a dozen states .
But it was n't all good news .
The Louisiana Science Education
Act , which opens the door to creationism in the science classroom , was signed into law in late 2008 — and in 2009 , the state board of education adopted policies implementing the law that propped the door open .
In March , the Texas Board of Education riddled the Biology and Earth and Space state science standards with loopholes that make it even easier for creationists to attack science textbooks .
And the public 's understanding and acceptance of evolution continues to be discouraging .
Local , national , and even international polls show that many people — often the majority of people surveyed — believe in creationism or believe that evolution is not well supported by evidence .
Our top ten evolution / creationism stories for 2009 :
1. 200th anniversary of Charles Darwin's birth
It was the Year of Darwin , the biggest evolution birthday bash since 1909 .
There were dozens of Darwin / evolution conferences around the globe , festivals , museum exhibitions , special magazine issues devoted to Darwin and evolution ( such as Scientific American 's " The Evolution of Evolution " ) , studies and special reports ( such as Pew 's " The Conflict Between Religion and Evolution " ) , a clutch of documentaries ( including PBS 's " Becoming Man " series , " What Darwin Didn't Know " ) , movies ( notably , " Creation " and " Darwin 's Darkest Hour " ) , revivals of " Inherit the Wind " , scores of books about Darwin , and more .
A good time was had by all .
" Evolution in Scientific American "
" The Conflict Between Religion and Evolution "
" Creation "
Darwin 200
NOVA : Evolution
" The Darwin bicentennial in the news "
2. 150th anniversary of the publication of On the Origin of Species
After a year of celebrating Darwin , his seminal work was almost overlooked .
But fans rallied , holding parties , public readings , and conferences ( thank you , Reading Odyssey ) .
Publishers responded with brand - new editions of the book ( notably Charles Darwin's
On the Origin of Species : A Graphic Adaptation , The Annotated Origin : A Facsimile of the First Edition of On the Origin of Species , and On the Origin of Species : The Illustrated Edition ) , while one creationist ( see below ) published his own version of the Origin , with comic results .
" The Origin sesquicentennial approaches "
" NCSE members celebrating Origin Day "
3. Ray Comfort is bananas !
Evangelist and banana fan Ray Comfort decided to celebrate Darwin 's birthday in his own unique way : by handing out free copies of a " special " edition of On the Origin of Species .
Comfort 's 54 - page introduction abounded in bizarre claims , linking Hitler to Darwin (! ) and contending that there are no transitional fossils .
NCSE , scientists , educators , students , journalists , and others quickly responded on the ground and online to the Comfort campaign .
NCSE debated Comfort on the U.S. News & World Report web site , provided assistance to local science and student groups , and launched a dedicated web site packed with science backgrounders , handouts , posters , our special " NCSE Safety Bookmark , " and a tongue - in - cheek instructional video on how to read the Comfort edition .
Do n't Diss Darwin
4 . Texas board caves to creationists
After months of debate , the Texas Board of Education voted in March on state science standards — and the results were n't pretty .
The board amended the Biology and Earth and Space Sciences standards with loopholes and language that make it easy for creationists to attack science textbooks .
" The final vote was a triumph of ideology and politics over science , " said Dr. Eugenie C. Scott , NCSE executive director .
The only upside : two months later , Board chair Don McLeroy was not confirmed by the Texas state senate .
" Science setback for Texas schools "
" Creationist board chair out in Texas "
Texas coverage
5. Louisiana faces " academic freedom "
In 2008 , the Louisiana Science Education
Act was signed into law , which opened the door to teaching creationism in public school science classes .
Since then , the state board of education has ignored the recommendations of its own science education professionals , turning instead to the Louisiana Family Forum for guidance .
Under the board 's guidelines , supplementary classroom materials can't be rejected just because they include creationism .
And challenging the materials triggers a convoluted hearing process that the Louisiana Coalition for Science calls " seriously flawed . "
" A mixed result in Louisiana "
" More bad news from Louisiana "
Louisiana coverage
6. Antievolution bills go down in flames
Although Louisiana passed an antievolution " academic freedom " act in 2008 , antievolution bills introduced elsewhere in 2009 quickly died in committee .
One Florida bill would have required a " thorough presentation and critical analysis of the scientific theory of evolution . "
A Mississippi bill would have mandated warning stickers on biology textbooks .
A Texas bill would have exempted creationist institutions , such as the Institute for Creation Research 's graduate school , from meeting Texas 's regulations governing degree - granting institutions .
All told , bills were introduced in eight states .
None survived .
Chronology of " Academic Freedom " Bills
" Academic Freedom " Bills by State & Year
7 . How is evolution treated in your state 's science standards ?
NCSE decided to find out .
Education Project Director Dr. Louise Mead and Project Director Anton Mates pored over standards in all fifty states to evaluate their treatment of evolution and related scientific topics .
There was a lot of good news and some not - so - good news ( five states flunked ) .
" Evolving standards "
8 . The evolution of evolution ( and creationism )
Just weeks before Darwin 's birthday , Scientific American published its January 2009 issue dedicated to Darwin and evolution .
One of the key articles : " The Latest Face of Creationism , " by the NCSE 's Eugenie C. Scott and Glenn Branch .
Say the authors : " Telling students that evolution is a theory in crisis is — to be blunt — a lie . "
The online version of the piece attracted hundreds of heated comments on both sides of the issue .
At the same time , Dr. Scott 's revised Evolution vs. Creationism : An Introduction , Second Edition was released .
The definitive guide to the relevant scientific , religious , educational , and legal issues , the revamped book adds seventy pages , including new chapters on testing intelligent design in the courts and evolution and creationism in the media and public opinion .
" Evolution in Scientific American "
Evolution vs. Creationism : An Introduction
9 . A kiloSteve and beyond !
Is evolution in crisis ?
Do reputable scientists disown it ?
No way , Chuck .
Proof positive ?
The continued growth of Project Steve , the booming list of scientists named Steve ( or Stephen , Steven , Stephanie , Stefan , Etienne , Esteban ... ) who support evolution and reject creationism .
The initial list of 220 signatories included two Nobel prize winners and eight members of the National Academy of Sciences .
In 2009 , the NCSE Steveometer hit the kiloSteve mark with Steve # 1000 .
( Who just happened to be Dr. Steve Darwin of Tulane University in Louisiana . )
The Project Steve list continues to grow .
For the latest count and more , see our FAQ page .
" Project Steve : n > 1000 "
Project Steve FAQ
10 .
The envelope , please
A bit of horn tooting .
Among all the ups and downs in the creationism / evolution controversy during the year , one bright spot ( at least for us ) was the recognition received by Dr. Eugenie C. Scott , NCSE 's executive director for the last 25 years .
Some of the more notable 2009 awards include : the Fellows Medal ( California Academy of Sciences ) , the Stephen Jay Gould Prize ( Society for the Study of Evolution ) , Scientific American 10 Honor Roll ( which she shares with Barack Obama and Bill Gates ) , and a seat on Scientific American 's revamped and expanded Board of Advisers .
Fellows Medal
Gould Prize
Scientific American 10
Scientific American board
If you ask us , our theory is that the Daleks are rather huggable by nature , but they probably partied a tad too hard with these beer - toting fellas before trashing the world .
One such " Heineken Bot " -- crafted by the geniuses at Middlesex University -- turned up at Kinetica Art Fair in London .
Daring humans can stop this drifting bot by hovering their hands above its sonar - sensing head , and then place a cup in its holder for some bevvy spat out of its keg .
When you 're served , the lonewolf continues to wander along its pre-programmed path , probably waiting for the assassination signal from Skynet .
See for yourself after the break while you 're still alive .
Chris Barlow from the project team has just hit us with a video of the upgraded Heinken Bot .
Check it out after the break .
Knight Shift
Posted September 28 , 2020 at 12:00 am
Look , I 'm all for aesthetic continuity throughout a series , but : as a Modern Gamer of Taste , if I am forced to look at something that looks like it was drawn in 1990 , I WILL die .
A serious injury requires serious care .
There are hospital bills to pay , as well as the fees associated with ongoing medical treatment .
If an accident has rendered you unable to work , you will suffer a setback in the form of lost wages .
By law , the party responsible for your injury is obliged to provide compensation .
Yet insurance companies are wily , and often seek to underpay claims or deny them outright .
We wo n’t let them .
At Kyle Law Firm , we represent victims of trucking accidents , auto wrecks , construction site mishaps , dangerous products and other events .
We know how to work with opposing counsel and insurers to maximize our clients ’ claims .
In fact , we have recovered millions of dollars on behalf of the individuals we ’ve represented .
We can help you , too .
Dan Everett believes that Pirahã undermines Noam Chomsky ’s idea of a universal grammar .
Photograph by Martin Schoeller .
Correction appended .
One morning last July , in the rain forest of northwestern Brazil , Dan Everett , an American linguistics professor , and I stepped from the pontoon of a Cessna floatplane onto the beach bordering the Maici River , a narrow , sharply meandering tributary of the Amazon .
On the bank above us were some thirty people — short , dark - skinned men , women , and children — some clutching bows and arrows , others with infants on their hips .
The people , members of a hunter - gatherer tribe called the Pirahã , responded to the sight of Everett — a solidly built man of fifty - five with a red beard and the booming voice of a former evangelical minister — with a greeting that sounded like a profusion of exotic songbirds , a melodic chattering scarcely discernible , to the uninitiated , as human speech .
Unrelated to any other extant tongue , and based on just eight consonants and three vowels , Pirahã has one of the simplest sound systems known .
Yet it possesses such a complex array of tones , stresses , and syllable lengths that its speakers can dispense with their vowels and consonants altogether and sing , hum , or whistle conversations .
It is a language so confounding to non-natives that until Everett and his wife , Keren , arrived among the Pirahã , as Christian missionaries , in the nineteen - seventies , no outsider had succeeded in mastering it .
Everett eventually abandoned Christianity , but he and Keren have spent the past thirty years , on and off , living with the tribe , and in that time they have learned Pirahã as no other Westerners have .
“ Xaói hi gáísai xigíaihiabisaoaxái ti xabiíhai hiatíihi xigío hoíhi , ” Everett said in the tongue ’s choppy staccato , introducing me as someone who would be “ staying for a short time ” in the village .
The men and women answered in an echoing chorus , “ Xaói hi goó kaisigíaihí xapagáiso . ”
Everett turned to me .
“ They want to know what you ’re called in ‘ crooked head . ’ ”
“ Crooked head ” is the tribe ’s term for any language that is not Pirahã , and it is a clear pejorative .
The Pirahã consider all forms of human discourse other than their own to be laughably inferior , and they are unique among Amazonian peoples in remaining monolingual .
They playfully tossed my name back and forth among themselves , altering it slightly with each reiteration , until it became an unrecognizable syllable .
They never uttered it again , but instead gave me a lilting Pirahã name : Kaaxáoi , that of a Pirahã man , from a village downriver , whom they thought I resembled .
“ That ’s completely consistent with my main thesis about the tribe , ” Everett told me later .
“ They reject everything from outside their world .
They just do n’t want it , and it ’s been that way since the day the Brazilians first found them in this jungle in the seventeen - hundreds . ”
Everett , who this past fall became the chairman of the Department of Languages , Literature , and Cultures at Illinois State University , has been publishing academic books and papers on the Pirahã ( pronounced pee - da - HAN ) for more than twenty - five years .
But his work remained relatively obscure until early in 2005 , when he posted on his Web site an article titled “ Cultural Constraints on Grammar and Cognition in Pirahã , ” which was published that fall in the journal Cultural Anthropology .
The article described the extreme simplicity of the tribe ’s living conditions and culture .
The Pirahã , Everett wrote , have no numbers , no fixed color terms , no perfect tense , no deep memory , no tradition of art or drawing , and no words for “ all , ” “ each , ” “ every , ” “ most , ” or “ few ” — terms of quantification believed by some linguists to be among the common building blocks of human cognition .
Everett ’s most explosive claim , however , was that Pirahã displays no evidence of recursion , a linguistic operation that consists of inserting one phrase inside another of the same type , as when a speaker combines discrete thoughts ( “ the man is walking down the street , ” “ the man is wearing a top hat ” ) into a single sentence ( “ The man who is wearing a top hat is walking down the street ” ) .
Noam Chomsky , the influential linguistic theorist , has recently revised his theory of universal grammar , arguing that recursion is the cornerstone of all languages , and is possible because of a uniquely human cognitive ability .
Steven Pinker , the Harvard cognitive scientist , calls Everett ’s paper “ a bomb thrown into the party . ”
For months , it was the subject of passionate debate on social - science blogs and Listservs .
Everett , once a devotee of Chomskyan linguistics , insists not only that Pirahã is a “ severe counterexample ” to the theory of universal grammar but also that it is not an isolated case .
“ I think one of the reasons that we have n’t found other groups like this , ” Everett said , “ is because we ’ve been told , basically , that it ’s not possible . ”
Some scholars were taken aback by Everett ’s depiction of the Pirahã as a people of seemingly unparalleled linguistic and cultural primitivism .
“ I have to wonder whether he ’s some Borgesian fantasist , or some Margaret Mead being stitched up by the locals , ” one reader wrote in an e-mail to the editors of a popular linguistics blog .
I had my own doubts about Everett ’s portrayal of the Pirahã shortly after I arrived in the village .
We were still unpacking when a Pirahã boy , who appeared to be about eleven years old , ran out from the trees beside the river .
Grinning , he showed off a surprisingly accurate replica of the floatplane we had just landed in .
Carved from balsa wood , the model was four feet long and had a tapering fuselage , wings , and pontoons , as well as propellers , which were affixed with small pieces of wire so that the boy could spin the blades with his finger .
I asked Everett whether the model contradicted his claim that the Pirahã do not make art .
Everett barely glanced up .
“ They make them every time a plane arrives , ” he said .
“ They do n’t keep them around when there are n’t any planes .
It ’s a chain reaction , and someone else will do it , but then eventually it will peter out . ”
Sure enough , I later saw the model lying broken and dirty in the weeds beside the river .
No one made another one during the six days I spent in the village .
In the wake of the controversy that greeted his paper , Everett encouraged scholars to come to the Amazon and observe the Pirahã for themselves .
The first person to take him up on the offer was a forty - three - year - old American evolutionary biologist named Tecumseh Fitch , who in 2002 co-authored an important paper with Chomsky and Marc Hauser , an evolutionary psychologist and biologist at Harvard , on recursion .
Fitch and his cousin Bill , a sommelier based in Paris , were due to arrive by floatplane in the Pirahã village a couple of hours after Everett and I did .
As the plane landed on the water , the Pirahã , who had gathered at the river , began to cheer .
The two men stepped from the cockpit , Fitch toting a laptop computer into which he had programmed a week ’s worth of linguistic experiments that he intended to perform on the Pirahã .
They were quickly surrounded by curious tribe members .
The Fitch cousins , having travelled widely together to remote parts of the world , believed that they knew how to establish an instant rapport with indigenous peoples .
They brought their cupped hands to their mouths and blew loon calls back and forth .
The Pirahã looked on stone - faced .
Then Bill began to make a loud popping sound by snapping a finger of one hand against the opposite palm .
The Pirahã remained impassive .
The cousins shrugged sheepishly and abandoned their efforts .
“ Usually you can hook people really easily by doing these funny little things , ” Fitch said later .
“ But the Pirah ã kids were n’t buying it , and neither were their parents . ”
Everett snorted .
“ It ’s not part of their culture , ” he said .
“ So they ’re not interested . ”
A few weeks earlier , I had called Fitch in Scotland , where he is a professor at the University of St. Andrews .
“ I ’m seeing this as an exploratory fact - finding trip , ” he told me .
“ I want to see with my own eyes how much of this stuff that Dan is saying seems to check out . ”
Everett is known among linguistics experts for orneriness and an impatience with academic decorum .
He was born into a working - class family in Holtville , a town on the California - Mexico border , where his hard - drinking father , Leonard , worked variously as a bartender , a cowboy , and a mechanic .
“ I do n’t think we had a book in the house , ” Everett said .
“ To my dad , people who taught at colleges and people who wore ties were ‘ sissies ’— all of them .
I suppose some of that is still in me . ”
Everett ’s chief exposure to intellectual life was through his mother , a waitress , who died of a brain aneurysm when Everett was eleven .
She brought home Reader ’s Digest condensed books and a set of medical encyclopedias , which Everett attempted to memorize .
In high school , he saw the movie “ My Fair Lady ” and thought about becoming a linguist , because , he later wrote , Henry Higgins ’s work “ attracted me intellectually , and because it looked like phoneticians could get rich . ”
As a teen - ager , Everett played the guitar in rock bands ( his keyboardist later became an early member of Iron Butterfly ) and smoked pot and dropped acid , until the summer of 1968 , when he met Keren Graham , another student at El Capitan High School , in Lakeside .
The daughter of Christian missionaries , Keren was brought up among the Satere people in northeastern Brazil .
She invited Everett to church and brought him home to meet her family .
“ They were loving and caring and had all these groovy experiences in the Amazon , ” Everett said .
“ They supported me and told me how great I was .
This was just not what I was used to . ”
On October 4 , 1968 , at the age of seventeen , he became a born - again Christian .
“ I felt that my life had changed completely , that I had stepped from darkness into light — all the expressions you hear . ”
He stopped using drugs , and when he and Keren were eighteen they married .
A year later , the first of their three children was born , and they began preparing to become missionaries .
In 1976 , after graduating with a degree in Foreign Missions from the Moody Bible Institute of Chicago , Everett enrolled with Keren in the Summer Institute of Linguistics , known as S.I.L. , an international evangelical organization that seeks to spread God ’s Word by translating the Bible into the languages of preliterate societies .
They were sent to Chiapas , Mexico , where Keren stayed in a hut in the jungle with the couple ’s children — by this time , there were three — while Everett underwent gruelling field training .
He endured fifty - mile hikes and survived for several days deep in the jungle with only matches , water , a rope , a machete , and a flashlight .
The couple were given lessons in translation techniques , for which Everett proved to have a gift .
His friend Peter Gordon , a linguist at Columbia University who has published a paper on the absence of numbers in Pirahã , says that Everett regularly impresses academic audiences with a demonstration in which he picks from among the crowd a speaker of a language that he has never heard .
“ Within about twenty minutes , he can tell you the basic structure of the language and how its grammar works , ” Gordon said .
“ He has incredible breadth of knowledge , is really , really smart , knows stuff inside out . ”
Everett ’s talents were obvious to the faculty at S.I.L*.* , who for twenty years had been trying to make progress in Pirahã , with little success .
In October , 1977 , at S.I.L. ’s invitation , Everett , Keren , and their three small children moved to Brazil , first to a city called Belém , to learn Portuguese , and then , a year later , to a Pirahã village at the mouth of the Maici River .
“ At that time , we did n’t know that Pirahã was linguistically so hard , ” Keren told me .
There are about three hundred and fifty Pirahã spread out in small villages along the Maici and Marmelos Rivers .
The village that I visited with Everett was typical : seven huts made by propping palm - frond roofs on top of four sticks .
The huts had dirt floors and no walls or furniture , except for a raised platform of thin branches to sleep on .
These fragile dwellings , in which a family of three or four might live , lined a path that wound through low brush and grass near the riverbank .
The people keep few possessions in their huts — pots and pans , a machete , a knife — and make no tools other than scraping implements ( used for making arrowheads ) , loosely woven palm - leaf bags , and wood bows and arrows .
Their only ornaments are simple necklaces made from seeds , teeth , feathers , beads , and soda - can pull - tabs , which they often get from traders who barter with the Pirahã for Brazil nuts , wood , and sorva ( a rubbery sap used to make chewing gum ) , and which the tribe members wear to ward off evil spirits .
Unlike other hunter - gatherer tribes of the Amazon , the Pirahã have resisted efforts by missionaries and government agencies to teach them farming .
They maintain tiny , weed - infested patches of ground a few steps into the forest , where they cultivate scraggly manioc plants .
“ The stuff that ’s growing in this village was either planted by somebody else or it ’s what grows when you spit the seed out , ” Everett said to me one morning as we walked through the village .
Subsisting almost entirely on fish and game , which they catch and hunt daily , the Pirahã have ignored lessons in preserving meats by salting or smoking , and they produce only enough manioc flour to last a few days .
( The Kawahiv , another Amazonian tribe that Everett has studied , make enough to last for months . )
One of their few concessions to modernity is their dress : the adult men wear T - shirts and shorts that they get from traders ; the women wear plain cotton dresses that they sew themselves .
“ For the first several years I was here , I was disappointed that I had n’t gone to a ‘ colorful ’ group of people , ” Everett told me .
“ I thought of the people in the Xingu , who paint themselves and use the lip plates and have the festivals .
But then I realized that this is the most intense culture that I could ever have hoped to experience .
This is a culture that ’s invisible to the naked eye , but that is incredibly powerful , the most powerful culture of the Amazon .
Nobody has resisted change like this in the history of the Amazon , and maybe of the world . ”
According to the best guess of archeologists , the Pirahã arrived in the Amazon between ten thousand and forty thousand years ago , after bands of Homo sapiens from Eurasia migrated to the Americas over the Bering Strait .
The Pirahã were once part of a larger Indian group called the Mura , but had split from the main tribe by the time the Brazilians first encountered the Mura , in 1714 .
The Mura went on to learn Portuguese and to adopt Brazilian ways , and their language is believed to be extinct .
The Pirahã , however , retreated deep into the jungle .
In 1921 , the anthropologist Curt Nimuendajú spent time among the Pirahã and noted that they showed “ little interest in the advantages of civilization ” and displayed “ almost no signs of permanent contact with civilized people . ”
S.I.L. first made contact with the Pirahã nearly fifty years ago , when a missionary couple , Arlo and Vi Heinrichs , joined a settlement on the Marmelos .
The Heinrichses stayed for six and a half years , struggling to become proficient in the language .
The phonemes ( the sounds from which words are constructed ) were exceedingly difficult , featuring nasal whines and sharp intakes of breath , and sounds made by popping or flapping the lips .
Individual words were hard to learn , since the Pirahã habitually whittle nouns down to single syllables .
Also confounding was the tonal nature of the language : the meanings of words depend on changes in pitch .
( The words for “ friend ” and “ enemy ” differ only in the pitch of a single syllable . )
The Heinrichses ’ task was further complicated because Pirahã , like a few other Amazonian tongues , has male and female versions : the women use one fewer consonant than the men do .
“ We struggled even getting to the place where we felt comfortable with the beginning of a grammar , ” Heinrichs told me .
It was two years before he attempted to translate a Bible story ; he chose the Prodigal Son from the Book of Luke .
Heinrichs read his halting translation to a Pirahã male .
“ He kind of nodded and said , in his way , ‘ That ’s interesting , ’ ” Heinrichs recalled .
“ But there was no spiritual understanding — it had no emotional impact .
It was just a story . ”
After suffering repeated bouts of malaria , the couple were reassigned by S.I.L. to administrative jobs in the city of Brasília , and in 1967 they were replaced with Steve Sheldon and his wife , Linda .
Sheldon earned a master ’s degree in linguistics during the time he spent with the tribe , and he was frustrated that Pirahã refused to conform to expected patterns — as he and his wife complained in workshops with S.I.L.
**{ : .small}consultants .
“ We would say , ‘ It just does n’t seem that there ’s any way that it does X , Y , or Z , ’ ” Sheldon recalled .
“ And the standard answer — since this typically does n’t happen in languages — was ‘ Well , it must be there , just look a little harder . ’ ” Sheldon ’s anxiety over his slow progress was acute .
He began many mornings by getting sick to his stomach .
In 1977 , after spending ten years with the Pirahã , he was promoted to director of S.I.L. in Brazil and asked the Everetts to take his place in the jungle .
Everett and his wife were welcomed by the villagers , but it was months before they could conduct a simple conversation in Pirahã .
“ There are very few places in the world where you have to learn a language with no language in common , ” Everett told me .
“ It ’s called a monolingual field situation . ”
He had been trained in the technique by his teacher at S.I.L. , the late Kenneth L. Pike , a legendary field linguist and the chairman of the linguistics department at the University of Michigan .
Pike , who created a method of language analysis called tagmemics , taught Everett to start with common nouns .
“ You find out the word for ‘ stick , ’ ” Everett said .
“ Then you try to get the expression for ‘ two sticks , ’ and for ‘ one stick drops to the ground , ’ ‘ two sticks drop to the ground . ’
You have to act everything out , to get some basic notion of how the clause structure works — where the subject , verb , and object go . ”
The process is difficult , as I learned early in my visit with the Pirahã .
One morning , while applying bug repellent , I was watched by an older Pirahã man , who asked Everett what I was doing .
Eager to communicate with him in sign language , I pressed together the thumb and index finger of my right hand and weaved them through the air while making a buzzing sound with my mouth .
Then I brought my fingers to my forearm and slapped the spot where my fingers had alighted .
The man looked puzzled and said to Everett , “ He hit himself . ” I tried again — this time making a more insistent buzzing .
The man said to Everett , “ A plane landed on his arm . ”
When Everett explained to him what I was doing , the man studied me with a look of pitying contempt , then turned away .
Everett laughed .
“ You were trying to tell him something about your general state — that bugs bother you , ” he said .
“ They never talk that way , and they could never understand it .
Bugs are a part of life . ”
“ O.K. , ” I said .
“ But I ’m surprised he did n’t know I was imitating an insect . ”
“ Think of how cultural that is , ” Everett said .
“ The movement of your hand .
The sound .
Even the way we represent animals is cultural . ”
Everett had to bridge many such cultural gaps in order to gain more than a superficial grasp of the language .
“ I went into the jungle , helped them make fields , went fishing with them , ” he said .
“ You can not become one of them , but you ’ve got to do as much as you can to feel and absorb the language . ”
The tribe , he maintains , has no collective memory that extends back more than one or two generations , and no original creation myths .
Marco Antonio Gonçalves , an anthropologist at the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro , spent eighteen months with the Pirahã in the nineteen - eighties and wrote a dissertation on the tribe ’s beliefs .
Gonçalves , who spoke limited Pirahã , agrees that the tribe has no creation myths but argues that few Amazonian tribes do .
When pressed about what existed before the Pirahã and the forest , Everett says , the tribespeople invariably answer , “ It has always been this way . ”
Everett also learned that the Pirahã have no fixed words for colors , and instead use descriptive phrases that change from one moment to the next .
“ So if you show them a red cup , they ’re likely to say , ‘ This looks like blood , ’ ” Everett said .
“ Or they could say , ‘ This is like vrvcum ’ — a local berry that they use to extract a red dye . ”
Rachel Maddow responds to Jon Stewart 's criticism of her reporting this week on USAID and has no apologies for Stewart .
Maddow : I know that 's politics , but listen , I love me some Jon Stewart and The Daily Show .
I 'm a big fan .
But no apologies for reporting which agency is the lead in our national effort to respond to Haiti , whether or not that agency is well resourced , whether it has been subject to partisan attacks , how much the current administration values and prioritizes and indeed brags on that agency .
We all as Americans are counting on our government to do a good job in responding to this catastrophe .
This is what it looks like to report on our government 's capacity to do just that .
When President Obama gave USAID the lead role in coordinating this response to the disaster in Haiti he handed that agency its biggest humanitarian mission in years .
Six days before the earthquake in Haiti Sec. of State Hillary Clinton had just given a major speech about how the Obama administration was going to elevate USAID to a primary position in the government .
[…]
Six days later the earthquake in Haiti and USAID gets put in charge of America ’s response to it .
They report that as of today USAID is fifty five million dollars into that response .
They ’re the ones coordinating America ’s search and rescue efforts , water and emergency food aid , the way that supplies get into the country , shelter and sanitation and hygiene .
At this point the road to being the world ’s premier development agency runs through Haiti and we ’ll keep reporting it .
Starting 03/30/2010 , Verizon Wireless is pleased to announce a new software update for the DROID by Motorola .
Users will be able to upgrade their software to version AP : ESE81 / BP : C_01.3E.03P to receive new improvements and enhancements .
* Key Advantages : *
o Email - Yahoo
Mail is now supported - customers can simply
sign in with their Yahoo !
Email address and password .
Note :
Yahoo !
Email is not available over Wi-Fi
o Pinch to Zoom now available in the Browser , Maps , and Gallery
o Speech - to - Text - Customers can now use their voice instead
of typing whenever a text - entry box appears
o Google Goggles is now preloaded
o The new Gallery application uses 3D layout and shows both
pictures taken with the customer 's Android device and images
from Picasa Web Albums account online
* Software Schedule : *
Below is the software - upgrade notification schedule ( All times listed are Eastern Time ) :
o At noon on 03/30 , 1,000 users will receive notification of
the update .
o At 11:59 PM on 03/30 , 9,000 more users will receive the
update notification .
o After the first 10,000 users receive the update on 03/30 ,
there will be a 24 - hour period when no additional upgrades
will be delivered .
o On Day 3 ( 04/01 ) , 200,000 users will receive the update
notification at 11:59 PM .
This schedule will continue each
day thereafter until the update has been delivered to all users .
* Download & Install Conditions : *
o An OTA download requires 40 % or more power availability if
the device is not connected to an external power source or
20 % or more power if it is connected to an external source
o If roaming , the customer will not receive the update .
The
only option in this scenario is for the subscriber to enable
Wi-Fi and wait for a mandatory OTA .
The wait period in this
case will not be more than 12 hours
o User must wait to receive the upgrade via OTA
o User is unable to make or receive calls , including emergency
calls during this time
o Users will see the following information when they select *
More info * on the update screen :/
This software update
includes new enhancements to support Yahoo !
Email ,
pinch - to - zoom , and many other improvements for your DROID by
Motorola .
You will be unable to use your device or make
emergency calls for the duration of the install .
The
software updates automatically , and your DROID will power
off and on as part of this software upgrade .
GMs of terrible teams look fondly upon the 2007 trade deadline with the same wistful eyes that cocaine dealers get when remembering the 1980s .
This is the trade deadline that made rebuilding even more difficult than it already is .
That ’s because the 2007 trade deadline is better characterized as the year of overspending or the year of ignorance .
Since it was only the second year after the lockout teams did n’t quite realize the tremendous value of draft picks in a cap system , especially first round picks .
When you commit a large sum of your cap space to a small group of core players you continually need to replenish your remaining roster spots with young , cheap talent .
Having young players make meaningful contributions , while still on their rookie contracts , is essential .
GMs who believed they were on the cusp of a Stanley Cup run , or worse , on the cusp of only the playoffs , traded their picks faster than a crack addict selling their sex .
The only player traded for a first round pick that was probably worth a first round pick was Ryan Smyth , who was n’t much of a point getter , but already had multiple 30 + goal seasons and already scored 31 in 53 games by the time of his trade in 2006 - 2007 .
However , this was the 2007 deadline , so only a first round pick was n’t enough .
The Oilers also got Robert Nilsson and Ryan O’Marra from the New York Islanders ( I guess not too much extra now , but at the time it was ) .
If you had a bad team , but had a player with an ounce of talent then you were assured a first round pick .
Craig Rivet got the Montreal Canadiens a first round pick plus Josh Gorges ( now turning himself into a pretty good defenceman ) from the San Jose Sharks ( again thinking they could win a Cup ) .
Rivet had never topped 35 points in his career and had only one year over +10 ( career even plus / minus at that point ) .
The Sharks also gave up another 2007 first round pick for 9 points from Bill Guerin .
The Blues turned that pick into David Perron .
Do n’t feel too bad for the Sharks , they got plenty of picks back from the Leafs for some scrub named Toskala .
The Stars were another team guilty of over - estimating their chances at the Cup. 35 - year - old Mattias Norstrom of the LA Kings , who at the time had 6 points and was - 20 , was worth Jaroslav Modry , a 2008 first rounder , a second round pick in 2007 , and a third round pick in 2007 .
Norstrom was n’t a viable top - four defenceman for at least five years , but he still netted the Kings three picks and a player !
Dallas also traded a 2007 first round pick to the Coyotes for Ladislav Nagy .
Nagy was a perennial breakout candidate who was seemingly on the cusp of putting everything together after 56 points in 51 games the previous year and 41 points in 55 games before the trade .
This was n't a total waste of a first round pick , but it did n’t pan out for the Stars and Nagy took his disappearing act to the KHL in 2008 .
Washington ’s Danius Zubrus , who had only eclipsed 50 points once , was worth a first round pick from the Sabres .
Tampa Bay even traded a first round pick to Anaheim for Shane O’Brien !
Seriously !
Everyone was worth a first round pick .
Florida 's Todd Bertuzzi , who had n’t played a game since November , was traded to the Red Wings for Shawn Matthias ( currently Florida 's third ranked prospect according to Hockey 's Future ) .
It was n’t just first round picks that teams threw away , but quality prospects as well .
Some of the worst trades were perpetrated by Atlanta Thrashers '
GM , Don Waddell .
Poor Don Waddell was in the unenviable position of selling hockey in Atlanta and desperately needed to make the playoffs .
Consequently , he gave up a lot for very little .
His first mistake was trading Brayden Cobourn ( taken one spot ahead of Dion Phaneuf in the 2003 draft ) for 35 - year - old Alexei Zhitnik .
Zhitnik actually played pretty well down the stretch for Atlanta , putting up 14 points in 18 games , but played horrendously the following year , prompting the Thrashers to buy him out .
Cobourn turned himself into a top - four defenceman with the Flyers and became an integral part of their rapid re-build .
To make matters worse , Waddell banked on Keith Tkachuk helping the Thrashers .
Waddell traded a first and third round pick in 2007 and a second round pick in 2008 to the Blues for Tkachuk .
The Thrashers were swept in the first round of the playoffs and their short term solutions turned into long - term pain .
They 've only begun to recover this year and will most likely lost Ilya Kovalchuk by the start of free agency , if not this trade deadline .
Alternatively , the Flyers actually made out like bandits at this deadline .
In addition to stealing Brayden Cobourn from the Thrashers they were able to get Scottie Upshall ( later traded for Daniel Carcillo ) , Ryan Parent , a 2007 first round pick , and a 2007 third round pick from the Nashville Predators for a broken down Peter Forsberg ( he only played 40 games at the time of the trade and would n’t top 60 on the season ) .
They ended up swapping the first round pick back to the Predators before July 1st for the rights to Kimmo Timonen and Scott Hartnell .
So , the trade netted the Flyers Carcillo ( in a roundabout way ) , Parent , Timonen , and Hartnell .
Not a bad trade to start a re-build .
This was a major reason why the Flyers were able to bounce back so quickly from their horrid 2006 - 2007 season .
Plus , they already had Carter and Richards , not to mention the 2nd overall draft pick .
What an easy re-build .
The trade deadline also had some minor trades ( for the time ) that are paying off huge now .
The Chicago Blackhawks traded Brandon Bochenski ( once famously projected as the rookie of the year by Don Cherry in Crosby and Ovechkin ’s rookie season ) for Kris Versteeg .
Not much of a deal at the time , but looks pretty one - sided today .
The Bruins also made a pretty decent trade with the Blues trading the well - travelled Brad Boyes to the Blues for Dennis Wideman .
So there was one example of a trade that worked for both parties .
It ’s still too early to tell if the players drafted with all these picks will amount to anything , but considering that none of the teams that traded their first round pick did anything in the playoffs I think it ’s safe to say that the draft picks were the better investment .
Now because of this year of ignorance most GMs realize you ca n’t just throw away all your draft picks .
You should prudent .
Save your stupidity for July 1st when you can spend $ 50 million on someone decent .
The last two trade deadlines have seen considerably less first round picks traded by contending teams , even though there has been just as much movement between teams ( 25 trades in 2007 , 25 trades in 2008 , 22 trades in 2009 ) .
In 2007 there were 9 first round picks traded ( almost a third of the league traded their first rounder at the deadline !
CRAZY ! ) and since then there have only been four !
Only two first round picks were traded each of the last two years .
In 2008 , the Thrashers traded Marian Hossa and Pascal Dupuis to the Penguins for Colby Armstrong , Erik Christensen , Angelo Esposito , and a first round pick .
Hossa was certainly worth this price .
Hossa was nearly a point a game player in his career and topped 80 points four times ( once hitting 100 and once hitting 92 ) .
He was certainly worth a first round pick plus .
This was a good deal for the Pens since went to the Cup finals versus Detroit that year .
Fair trade .
Good value for your first rounder .
The other first rounder spent packing in 2008 was traded by the San Jose Sharks ( in addition to Steve Bernier ) for Brian Campbell and a seventh round pick .
Campbell was a premier offensive defenceman who was really starting to come into his own as a player and looked like the missing piece to the Sharks ( failed ) Cup run .
Campbell was so well thought of that he actually went second overall in a playoff pool I was in that spring .
That raised a few heads after the selection , but it stills shows how highly regarded Campbell was .
Or maybe it just shows the effects of beer on fantasy drafts .
In 2009 , Olli Jokinen and a third round pick were traded from the Coyotes to the Flames for Matthew Lombardi , Brandon Prust , and a first round pick in either 2009 or 2010 ( Calgary 's choice ) .
I believe Calgary settled on the 2010 pick , which looks pretty good for the Coyotes considering Calgary ’s current slide .
Anyways , Olli Jokinen was having a somewhat underwhelming campaign in Phoenix , but scored 71 , 91 , and 89 points the three previous years in Florida .
People spoke of him as the game ’s most underrated superstar .
Well , it did n't worked out at all .
Jokinen was absolutely lost in Calgary before being traded to the Rangers today and maybe he looked like a superstar because no one cared about what happens in Florida .
He could play without any pressure .
Regardless , at the time Jokinen was a big time player and certainly worth a first round pick .
The other first round pick traded was a little perplexing .
The Sens traded their first round pick plus Dean McAmmond to the Islanders for Mike Comrie ( a player who has hit 60 points only twice ) and Chris Campoli .
Ottawa was out of the playoffs and ended up missing them by 10 .
Maybe they felt the Dany Heatley trouble brewing and wanted to see if they could get one more playoff run in before he bolted .
At least they still have Campoli who is only 25 .
Apart from the Comrie trade all the first round picks given up in 2008 and 2009 were for established stars in their primes .
In 2007 , the first round picks were mainly traded for older veterans on the down side of their careers or younger players with glimmers of hope .
GMs certainly learned from the mistakes of 2007 and no longer willingly give up a first round pick except in certain instances for big name players .
Fans of rebuilding clubs should temper their expectations for returns this deadline .
Although , second round picks are the new first .
You can trade anyone for a second .
Dom Moore , anyone ?
I have a dream that the deadline of ignorance is postponed until 2008 and there is no such thing as no-movement clauses .
In this dream the Leafs trade the Muskoka - 5 ( Sundin , Kaberle , McCabe , Kubina , and Tucker ) for an absolute fortune .
IF we are dreaming , then Sundin probably nets a similar return to Forsberg in 2007 , Kaberle goes for the famous first rounder plus Jeff Carter offer , Kubina nets a Rivet type return , McCabe gets a Norstrom type return , and the Leafs probably get rid of Tucker for a second round pick ( maybe a first since this is the year of stupidity … and also a dream ) .
The re-build begins with a bang .
Of course this must be a dream because if the 2007 deadline of ignorance does n’t happen then the Flyers are n’t in contention and do n’t want Kaberle and there ’s probably some Back to the Future space - time continuum non-sense we fuck up .
This is beginning to sound more like a nightmare .
WASHINGTON — As jubilant Democrats prepared for President Obama to sign their landmark health care legislation in a big ceremony at the White House , Republicans opened a campaign on Monday to repeal the legislation and to use it as a weapon in this year ’s hotly contested midterm elections .
“ We will not allow this to stand , ” Representative Michele Bachmann , Republican of Minnesota , promised Monday afternoon as the House reconvened , a day after the bitterly partisan vote .
Democratic leaders hailed the passage of the bill as a towering achievement .
“ Last night , we made history , ” Speaker Nancy Pelosi said as she prepared to sign the legislation and send it to the White House .
“ We honored the vows of our founders who in the Declaration of Independence talked about life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness .
We believe the legislation that we have gives all people in our country the liberty to have healthier lives . ”
Democrats said they would focus on explaining the measure to their constituents and on highlighting some immediate benefits , and they called on Republicans to ease off on their attacks now that the legislation had passed .
Representatives of New Zealand left organisations attended the Australian Socialist Alliance 's recent national conference .
In the following interviews , conducted by the Australian socialist newspaper Green Left Weekly , they explain the political situation in New Zealand and talk about the key campaigns they are involved in .
* * *
By Paola Harvey
January 30 , 2010 -- Although New Zealand , like Australia , has not been as badly affected by the global economic crisis as the US or Europe , workers are facing hardship .
Bronwen Beechey , an activist from Socialist Worker New Zealand ( SWNZ ) , told Green Left Weekly : “ There have been a lot of redundancies , places have been closed down . ”
Beechey and SWNZ activist Peter Hughes were in Sydney to attend the January 3 - 6 Socialist Alliance national conference .
They spoke to GLW about the SWNZ ’s “ bad banks ” campaign , which takes aim at the cause of the global financial crisis — neoliberal capitalism .
“ For people on low incomes life ’s just been getting tougher because [ they are ] losing their jobs and food prices and rents and all of it have not come down substantially ” , Beechey said .
“ All the indicators , the social services , people asking for assistance , for food parcels , people losing their homes — they ’ve all skyrocketed . ”
Hughes said employers have used the crisis to justify attacking workers ’ wages and conditions .
“ In the last 12 months , there have been no less than eight lockouts of workers .
One of the most shameful examples was a service provider for the elderly that insisted that if the workers in that field did not accept the minimum wage [ NZ $ 12.50 per hour ] they ’d be locked out .
That ’s quite a serious indication of how they [ the bosses ] see the crisis being resolved to their advantage and workers ’ disadvantage . ”
The New Zealand government ’s response has been the same as capitalist governments around the world — bail out the banks and the big capitalists , and make the workers pay .
But they are not getting it all their own way .
The government ’s attempt to impose an unofficial wage freeze in the public service was recently challenged .
Support staff in the education sector won a small wage rise .
That win will set the tone for the coming nurses ’ and general education unions ’ wage negotiations .
“ No less than that , will be the call , I ’m sure ” , said Hughes .
“ So that ’s a good sign . "
“ I heard at the [ Socialist Alliance ] conference , that [ Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd ] said that the recovery ’s going to be worse than the recession .
I ’m quite sure that ’s their intention for us in New Zealand as well , working people will be made to pay for the recovery — if there ’s going to be one .
But our assessment is that there can be no real recovery in the current market economy , not in the foreseeable future .
That ’s going to lead to all sorts of crises for them , which they will try to push on us .
We have to organise people to resist that . ”
The discussion about neoliberalism at the NZ Council of Trade Unions ’ 2009 conference has opened up more space on the left to fight back against these future crises .
At the conference , union activists talked about workers ’ cooperatives , building and strengthening the union movement and not accepting the neoliberal capitalist model as the only option .
Beechey said : “ It also talk[ed ] about climate change and the need for an alternative economic strategy which is an implicit criticism of neoliberal capitalism . ”
Hughes added : “ While it ’s not a policy position as such , it ’s a discussion that ’s been opened up within the trade union movement .
It ’s not an accepted policy , it could be watered down significantly and it ’ll come down to how different unions interpret that for building a broader perspective in the membership .
[ But ] when you think about how closely linked the trade union movement has been to the Labour Party … this is a departure .
“ The fact that they ’re daring to criticise publicly this position opens up a space on the left for us to work with trade union activists in a much more healthy and progressive way . ”
Many people in New Zealand continue to struggle with little indication of their situation improving in the near future .
There has been an increase in the number of houses sold due to people defaulting on their home loans .
A large proportion of these have been people with one home — not property speculators .
Hughes said the defaulters “ simply cannot pay because they ’ve lost their job , they ’ve been made redundant and they have reduced incomes .
That ’s pretty devastating for families and has shown no sign of abating at all . ”
The actions of the banks have been completely shameful .
Before the crisis , banks were advertising loans for 100 % of the price of a house .
But after the crisis , their ruthless approach to lending has meant many people who were lured into the property market by these loans have had their home repossessed .
“ Our campaign around ‘ bad banks ’ is trying to make them pay really ” , said Hughes .
“ Because they ’re the ones that have played a big role [ in the crisis ] and they ’re plundering the profits of working people . ”
The bad banks campaign is focusing on demystifying what the banks actually do and how they caused the financial crisis .
It is also calling for a financial transaction tax , as opposed to a goods and services tax .
A GST is a regressive tax , that is it affects the poorest the most , because the poor are taxed the same as the rich for goods despite having less ability to pay .
A financial transaction tax , on the other hand , would be a progressive tax .
It would affect banks , corporations and the wealthy the most , because they account for the vast majority of financial transactions .
“ We see the bad banks campaign as striking right to the heart of neo- liberalism ” , Hughes said .
“ These banks have got their fingers in the lives of every working class person , whether it ’s controlling their mortgage , their credit card , or their bank charges .
They ’re bloody pillaging basically .
Their pockets are huge , they ’re not paying their taxes .
They ’re not very popular with workers at the moment . ”
New Zealand : Unite takes on minimum wage
By Marcela Escauriaza
February 5 , 2010 -- Unite is the fastest growing private sector union in New Zealand .
Since being formed in 2004 , it has grown to 8000 members .
Its latest campaign , which calls for a referendum on the minimum wage , has the potential to improve the lives of the half a million workers in New Zealand who struggle to make ends meet on wages of less than NZ $ 15 per hour .
Unite organises largely in areas abandoned by the traditional unions , such as the fast food industry , security work , hospitality , call centres and English language schools .
The union is open to any worker , regardless of occupation .
In New Zealand , 100,000 workers live on the minimum wage of $ 12.50 per hour , which is just 51 % of the average wage .
Unite ’s “ campaign for a living wage ” calls for the minimum wage to be immediately raised to $ 15 per hour .
Then , it would be further increased in stages and set at two thirds of the average wage .
The union is organising a petition drive , aiming for 300,000 signatures calling for a referendum by May 2010 .
If this is achieved , the government would be required to call a referendum on the demands within a year .
Unite national director of organising Mike Treen was a guest at the January 2 - 5 Socialist Alliance national conference in Sydney .
He told Green Left Weekly : “ We ’ve had some success ... but to achieve our goal requires some of the big unions and other organisations to come on board between now and May . ”
The New Zealand Council of Unions ( NZCU ) , the Green Party and the Maori Party have given official support , and radical left groups like Socialist Worker New Zealand and Socialist Aotearoa are actively involved in petitioning .
A poll conducted by the New Zealand Herald in January found that 61 % of those polled supported a minimum wage increase to $ 15 .
Unite organiser Joe Carolan said in a January 19 post on Unite.org.nz that he believed this figure underestimated public support for the campaign from the indications he has had at workplaces and campaign stalls .
He said there were 10,000 signatures collected from three festivals alone in January , bringing the total number of signatures collected so far to 100,000 .
The campaign has been a useful organising tool for Unite and a good way to raise workers ' consciousness .
Treen told GLW : “ We ’ve been able to use the petition campaign to have a broader political discussion in society as to who caused the [ financial ] crisis and who will pay for the crisis . ”
He said Unite had distributed a lot of information focusing on the inequalities that exist in income and share of GDP — and why an increase in the minimum wage should occur , even while the bosses say it ca n’t happen .
On January 27 , the New Zealand government announced an increase to the minimum wage of 25 cents to take effect on April 1 .
Carolan said : “ The government throwing 25 cents to minimum wage workers is a cheap shot .
This is barely 2 % of nothing , and will be well below real inflation when this government raises GST in the budget .
What workers need is a living wage . ”
NZCU president Helen Kelly said on Union.org.nz on January 27 : “ The [ New Zealand Institute of Economic Research ] forecast for the increase in private sector wages to March 2010 is 3.5 percent .
If this turns out to be correct the minimum wage will actually fall as a percentage of the average wage .
This means low paid workers are going backwards not forwards . ”
Unite ’s previous “ supersize my wages ” campaign was instrumental in building a broader young workers ’ movement .
It campaigned against youth payment rates ( 80 % of the adult rate ) and succeeded in forcing major employers in the fast food industries , including McDonalds , KFC and Pizza Hut to end the practice .
With often only a minority of workers in a workplace being Unite members , the union was not strong enough to win demands through industrial muscle alone .
Winning public support was important .
Unite ran campaigns targeting the particular companies , for example staging small strikes outside busy McDonald ’s stores to embarrass the fast food giant into signing collective agreements .
Treen said : “ McDonald ’s were more ideological and resisted longer ... before they signed a collective agreement .
But in the end they just realised we were never ever going to give up , we were going to keep coming at them . ”
Unite used different styles of organising as a way of reaching out to young people .
It staged concerts , marches , community events and even had a New Zealand Idol winner , who had worked at KFC , sing at one of their events .
“ We tried to keep it youthful and exciting and dynamic ... with the knowledge that it had to be sustained over quite a long period of time ...
Prior to the latest [ financial ] crisis , we had almost a decade of uninterrupted economic growth .
So part of the reason we were confident that we’d be successful when we set up Unite was that workers , including young workers , were more confident " , Treen said .
“ It did n’t matter with a minimum wage job if you got sacked ... you could go down the road and get a another one .
My experience as a worker during the late 1980s and early ’90s , when there was high unemployment [ is that ] people do stick their heads down .
" But this time , we ’ve got an organised presence in a lot of these industries , we ’ve got a bit more confidence that workers would join unions and take part in the struggles if they are given the opportunity .
Now , we ’ve got the problem of the crisis and the pressure that puts on people , but it also has the other side that people are actually seeing the value of unions and the need for them — even young workers .
So [ workers say ] yes , I ’ve got to keep my head down , I do n’t want to lose the job .
But I need the union with me as well .
Because who else is going to protect me ? ”
[ For more information , visit Unite.org.nz . ]
[ These articles first appeared in Green Left Weekly . ]
David Fiderer 's below piece , originally published on the Huffington Post , continues probing the topic of Goldman and AIG .
For all intents and purposes the debate has been pretty much exhausted and if there was a functioning legal system , Goldman would have been forced long ago to pay back the cash it received from ML - 3 ( which in itself should have been long unwound now that plans to liquidate AIG have been scrapped ) and to have the original arrangement reestablished ( including the profitless unwind of AIG CDS the firm made improper billions on , by trading on non-public , pre-March 2009 , information ) , and now that AIG is solvent courtesy of the government , so too its counterparties can continue experiencing some , albeit marginal , risk , instead of enjoying the possession of cold hard cash .
Oh , and Tim Geithner would be facing civil and criminal charges .
Yet as we look forward , we ask , who now determines the variation margin on Greek CDS ( and Portugal , and Dubai , and Spain , and , pretty soon , Japan and the US ) , the associated recovery rate , and how much collateral should be posted by sellers of Greek protection ?
If Greek banks , as the rumors goes , indeed sold Greek protection , and , as the rumor also goes , Goldman was the bulk buyer , either in prop or flow capacity , it is precisely Goldman , just like in the AIG case , that can now dictate what the collateral margin that Greek counterparties , and by extension the very nation of Greece , have to post on billions of dollars of Greek insurance .
Let 's say Goldman thinks Greece 's debt recovery is 75 cents and the CDS should be trading at 700 bps , instead of the " prevailing " consensus of a 90 recovery and 450 spread , then it will very likely get its way when demanding extra capital to cover potential shortfalls , since Goldman itself has been instrumental in covering up Greece 's catastrophic financial state and continues to be a critical factor in any future refinancing efforts on behalf of Greece .
Obviously this incremental margin , which only Goldman will ever see , even if the CDS was purchased on a flow basis , will never be downstreamed on behalf of its clients , and instead will be used to [ buy futures |buy steepeners | prepay 2011 bonuses|buy more treasuries for the BONY $ 60 billion Treasury rainy day fund ] .
In essence , through its conflict of interest , its unshakable negotiating position , and its facility to determine collateral requirements and variation margin , Goldman can expand its previous position of strength from dictating merely AIG and Federal Reserve decision making , to one which determines sovereign policy !
This is unmitigated lunacy and a recipe for financial collapse at the global level .
This is yet another AIG in the making , with Goldman this time likely threatening to accelerate the collapse not merely of the US financial system , but of the global one , in order to attain virtually infinite negotiating leverage .
Of course , the world will not allow a Greece - initiated domino , allowing Goldman to call everyone 's bluff once again .
As the amount of gross and net sovereign CDS notional is constantly increasing , as more and more hedge funds join the shorting fray with Goldman as the intermediate ( just like in AIG ) , it behooves any remaining regulators and any sensible Federal Reserve parties to supervise precisely what the terms of Goldman 's collateral margins with various sovereign debt sellers are , especially when it pertains to increasingly distressed CDS , where a liquidity squeeze , again as in the AIG case , would have tremendous adverse downstream consequences .
If indeed Goldman 's counterparties are the banks of respective countries , then the parallels with AIG are nearly complete .
And we all know what happened then .
Furthermore , we are now convinced that Goldman will join the government in facilitating the engineered market swoon with a bifurcated goal : while the Treasury will take advantage of a sell off to offload as many UST as it can in the rush for safety ( which could backfire now that Gold is increasingly seen as a dollar alternative ) , Goldman ( with or without Warren Buffett - it depends on what the actuarial tables say ) will jettison its own stock price in order to go private in an increasingly hostile world .
We will discuss all these issue further in the near future , and in the meantime David Fiderer provides yet another nail in the AIG - Goldman coffin .
The Times Story on Goldman 's Role In AIG 's Downfall Is More Damning When Placed In Context
Placed in a broader context , the front page story The New York Times , is even more damning of Goldman Sachs than readers might realize .
Goldman played an active role in the destruction of AIG .
During Hank Paulson 's tenure as the firm 's CEO , Goldman engaged in a series of sham transactions designed to give the false impression that it was buying credit default swaps as an instrument for risk management .
In fact , it acquired those swaps in order to double down on bets against collateralized debt obligations , or CDOs , which it knew to be fatally flawed .
In the latter part of 2008 , Paulson and his proxies maneuvered AIG into a liquidity crisis in order to protect Goldman at the expense of the U.S. taxpayer .
To appreciate how the Times piece fits into a larger picture , you need to understand why these CDOs were so obviously toxic .
The Fatal Flaw Of These CDOs
AIG went bust because it sold credit default swaps for CDOs stuffed with slices of subprime mortgage bonds .
Those subprime mortgage bonds all had remarkably similar capitalization structures , divided among different classes , or tranches , of seniority .
The top 80 % in seniority had a credit rating of AAA .
The bottom 10 % was rated A and below .
The bottom 10 % was especially vulnerable because of something that was an open secret at the time .
The subprime mortgage market was riddled with fraud .
So the data used by Goldman and others to structure these bond deals was highly suspect .
Who bought the bottom 10 % of these subprime bond deals ?
A lot of those lower - rated tranches were not sold directly to investors .
Rather they were stuffed into CDOs .
This point is critical .
These CDOs were not comprised of mortgage loans , or even slices of mortgage loans .
Rather , they held deeply subordinated claims on risky subprime mortgages .
Because these tranches were the last ones to get repaid , it was easy to foresee , at the time these CDOs were put together , that investors would lose significant amounts of principal .
People marketing these CDOs claimed that they were safe , because the risks were diversified , and because of excess collateral cover .
But that line of reasoning never made any sense .
The lower rated tranches were like the passengers in steerage on the Titanic .
Once the ship starting sinking , those passengers were the last ones given access to the lifeboats .
As soon as the housing market started sinking , those lower - rated tranches would be the last ones given access to any foreclosure proceeds .
AIG thought it was selling credit protection for AAA risk .
And in fact , these CDOs , like subprime mortgage bonds , were tranched in a way that made them top heavy with AAA ratings .
Consider , for example , for Adirondack 2005 - 2 , a CDO arranged by Goldman , which " sold " almost all of the AAA tranche Societe Generale , which in turn bought credit protection from AIG .
Of Adirondack 2's $ 1.55 billion capitalization , $ 1.42 billion , or 91 % , was rated AAA .
So how could anyone get comfortable with the notion that 90 % of a portfolio , heavily weighted with deeply subordinated claims on risky mortgages that were likely to be infected with fraud , represented a AAA - quality credit risk ?
It 's a question for which there is no good answer .
If anyone looking at these deals had done proper due diligence and done a common - sense analysis of the structural risks , he would have realized three things :
1 . The original credit ratings for lower - rated slices of these subprime bond deals were meaningless ;
2 . The original credit ratings on these CDOs were even more meaningless ; and
3 . The CDOs were destined in fail in a big and obvious way .
Goldman 's Malign Intent
Obviously , the people at AIG never figured out what was going on until it was too late .
But there 's a mountain of circumstantial evidence that the people at Goldman had a keen grasp of the fatal flaws of these CDOs , which they structured .
The Times piece is a major addition to that mountain of evidence :
[ Former AIG executive Alan ]
Frost cut many of his deals with two Goldman traders , Jonathan Egol and Ram Sundaram , who had negative views of the housing market .
They had made A.I.G. a central part of some of their trading strategies .
Mr. Egol structured a group of deals -- known as Abacus -- so that Goldman could benefit from a housing collapse .
Many of them were actually packages of A.I.G. insurance written against mortgage bonds , indicating that Mr. Egol and Goldman believed that A.I.G. would have to make large payments if the housing market ran aground .
About $ 5.5 billion of Mr. Egol 's deals still sat on A.I.G.'s books when the insurer was bailed out .
" Al probably did not know it , but he was working with the bears of Goldman , " a former Goldman salesman , who requested anonymity so he would not jeopardize his business relationships , said of Mr. Frost .
" He was signing A.I.G. up to insure trades made by people with really very negative views " of the housing market .
As further evidence that Goldman used AIG to profit by shorting CDOs , rather than to manage its preexisting risk exposure :
[ N] egotiating with Goldman to void the A.I.G. insurance was especially difficult , Federal Reserve Board documents show , because the firm did not own the underlying bonds .
As a result , Goldman had little incentive to compromise .
Goldman 's seven Abacus deals [ Abacus 2004 - 1 , Abacus 2004 - 2 , Abacus 2005 - 2 , Abacus 2005 - 3 , Abacus 2005 - CB1 , Abacus 2006 - NS1 , Abacus 2007 - 18 ] were unique among all the CDOs in AIG 's portfolio .
For all the other deals , the collateral manager , the entity that oversaw and managed the CDO after closing , was entirely independent from the bank that originally arranged and structured the transaction .
For all the Abacus deals , Goldman acted both as both the arranging bank and the collateral manager .
This is no small technicality .
In other Abacus deals , Abacus 2006 - 13 and Abacus 2006 - 17 , Goldman used its " sole discretion " to retire lower rated CDO tranches without regard to seniority .
This approach , under documentation drafted by Goldman , upends the entire premise of structured finance .
Most importantly , the government never purchased the Abacus deals when it bought $ 62.1 billion other CDOs at par , back in November 2008 .
Why did n't the parties feel a need to take the Abacus deals off of AIG 's balance sheet ?
It 's an extremely important question , for which we will not have an adequate answer until we see the actual documentation , specifically : the offering memoranda , the performance reports and swap agreements .
Hiding Behind Societe Generale
The Times story also suggests that Goldman used Societe Generale as a front , to conceal from Frost and others the size of their cumulative bet against these CDOs .
Mr. Sundaram 's trades represented another large part of Goldman 's business with A.I.G.
According to five former Goldman employees , Mr. Sundaram used financing from other banks like Societe Generale and Calyon to purchase less risky mortgage securities from competitors like Merrill Lynch and then insure the assets with A.I.G. -- helping fatten the mortgage pipeline that would prove so harmful to Wall Street , investors and taxpayers .
In October 2008 , just after A.I.G. collapsed , Goldman made Mr. Sundaram a partner .
Through Societe Generale , Goldman was also able to buy more insurance on mortgage securities from A.I.G. , according to a former A.I.G. executive with direct knowledge of the deals .
A spokesman for Societe Generale declined to comment .
It is unclear how much Goldman bought through the French bank , but A.I.G. documents show that Goldman was involved in pricing half of Societe Generale 's $ 18.6 billion in trades with A.I.G. and that the insurer 's executives believed that Goldman pressed Societe Generale to also demand payments ... On Nov. 1 , 2007 , for example , an e-mail message from Mr. Cassano , the head of A.I.G. Financial Products , to Elias Habayeb , an A.I.G. accounting executive , said that a payment demand from Societe Generale had been " spurred by GS calling them . "
As noted earlier in the story :
In addition , according to two people with knowledge of the positions , a portion of the $ 11 billion in taxpayer money that went to Societe Generale , a French bank that traded with A.I.G. , was subsequently transferred to Goldman under a deal the two banks had struck .
See here for an analysis of the ten - figure purchases and sales between Goldman and SG .
The AAA Pyramid Scheme Embedded Inside AIG
The Times reports that Goldman tailored the terms of the swaps to exploit these defective credit ratings :
The terms , described by several A.I.G. trading partners , stated that A.I.G. would post payments under two or three circumstances : if mortgage bonds were downgraded , if they were deemed to have lost value , or if A.I.G.'s own credit rating was downgraded .
If all of those things happened , A.I.G. would have to make even larger payments .
Here 's an example of how terminology for a general news readership can lead to confusion .
In the context of the story , the Times seems to be referencing the ratings of the CDOs , not the subprime bonds held by the CDOs .
The distinction is critical because almost all subprime bonds were downgraded in 2007 , whereas most of these CDOs were not downgraded prior to May 2008 , when they received minor downgrades .
Most importantly , almost all these CDO tranches were rated AAA during November 2007 , when , as the Times reports , Goldman was demanding billions in cash collateral .
There is no way to reconcile a 40 % diminution of value , which Goldman repeatedly asserted , with a AAA rating .
It 's like saying 2 + 2 = 11 .
In effect , Goldman was admitting that the CDOs ' ratings were a joke .
It was an especially cruel joke on AIG and on the American taxpayer .
If the ratings agencies had severely downgraded the CDOs in 2007 or earlier in 2008 , AIG 's day of reckoning would have come sooner .
Instead , that day coincided with Lehman 's bankruptcy .
The ratings agencies announced their major downgrades of AIG after the close of business on September 15 , 2008 .
Those downgrades triggered cash collateral calls and on AIG on September 16 , 2008 , the same day that a money market fund , which wrote down Lehman paper , broke the buck and triggered widespread panic in the money markets .
As noted before , the timing of the CDO downgrades looks suspicious .
Eric Kolchinsky , a former managing director at Moody's , has alleged that the ratings agency deliberately and deceitfully delayed the announcements of downgrades of various CDOs .
The House Oversight Committee is still investigating the matter .
Why Goldman Pressured AIG to Hand Over Cash
The thrust of the front - page Times article was that Goldman aggressively pressured AIG to hand over cash collateral beginning in 2007 , Goldman asserted , because , the CDOs " were deemed to have lost value . "
But negotiations were always at an impasse , for an obvious reason .
There was no way to settle on agreed - upon " market value " for the CDOs .
These securities were n't bought or sold , like Treasuries or shares of IBM .
Nor was there any market benchmark upon which the CDOs could be valued .
The only way to set a price , according to auditors for AIG and the Federal Reserve , was according to internal valuation models .
The Times reports :
[ D]ocuments show there were unusual aspects to the deals with Goldman .
The bank resisted , for example , letting third parties value the securities as its contracts with A.I.G. required .
And Goldman based some payment demands on lower - rated bonds that A.I.G.'s insurance did not even cover .
A November 2008 analysis by BlackRock , a leading asset management firm , noted that Goldman 's valuations of the securities that A.I.G. insured were " consistently lower than third - party prices . "
The Times reporting suggests that Goldman wanted to control the dispute by using a nominally independent third party , PricewaterhouseCoopers , which had shifted into Goldman 's camp :
Adding to the pressure on A.I.G. , [ David ] Viniar , Goldman 's chief financial officer , advised the insurer in the fall of 2007 that because the two companies shared the same auditor , PricewaterhouseCoopers , A.I.G. should accept Goldman 's valuations , according to a person with knowledge of the discussions .
Goldman declined to comment on this exchange .
Pricewaterhouse had supported A.I.G.'s approach to valuing the securities throughout 2007 , documents show .
But at the end of 2007 , the auditor began demanding that A.I.G. provide greater disclosure on the risks in the credit insurance it had written .
Pricewaterhouse was expressing concern about the dispute .
The insurer disclosed in year - end regulatory filings that its auditor had found a " material weakness " in financial reporting related to valuations of the insurance , a troubling sign for investors .
Of course , a highly plausible explanation is that Pricewaterhouse , like AIG , had assumed that the CDOs ' AAA ratings were credible , until Goldman set them straight .
But again , this gets back to the issue of whether Goldman knew these deals were toxic from the start .
Goldman opposed proposals that would have enabled it to make its case to others :
When A.I.G. asked Goldman to submit the dispute to a panel of independent firms , Goldman resisted , internal e-mail messages show .
In a March 7 , 2008 , phone call , Mr. Cassano discussed surveying other dealers to gauge prices with Michael Sherwood , Goldman 's vice chairman .
At that time , Goldman calculated that A.I.G. owed it $ 4.6 billion , on top of the $ 2 billion already paid .
A.I.G. contended it only owed an additional $ 1.2 billion .
Mr. Sherwood said he did not want to ask other firms to value the securities because " it would be ' embarrassing ' if we brought the market into our disagreement , " according to an e-mail message from Mr. Cassano that described the call .
The Goldman spokesman disputed this account , saying instead that Goldman was willing to consult third parties but could not agree with A.I.G. on the methodology .
The dispute would have been more than embarrassing for Goldman .
It would have shed light on the fatal flaws of these CDOs , which , at the time , were not known to the broader financial community .
These flaws were not known because so few parties took a serious look at the credit risk , which was largely assumed by a handful of companies : AIG Financial Products ( under a guarantee by its parent ) and the monoline insurance companies .
In early 2008 , the monolines started settling their contingent CDO obligations for a fraction of par .
As noted earlier , they were able to do so because they had the backing of their regulators .
AIGFP , which was unregulated , was on its own .
Ever prescient , Goldman never bought credit protection from the monolines .
Goldman did not " own " the cash it held .
Rather , the cash represented margin that could , in theory , be returned to AIG if the CDOs ' value rose again .
Of course , in reality , if you hold the cash you have the upper hand in any negotiation .
Also , the way structured finance deals work , if early credit losses are worse than expected , the diminution of value is permanent .
The other borrowers in the pool , who never pay more than 100 % of their principal and interest , wo n't make up the difference .
Finally , as noted before , the cash collateral for derivatives , like credit default swaps , is very different than the cash collateral for a loan or other obligation .
Goldman 's claims had preferred treatment , another reason why , once it got its hands on the cash , it held the upper hand in any negotiation .
How Hank Paulson Used Proxies to Rig the Eventual Outcome
One thing is as certain as death and taxes .
During 2007 and 2008 Edward Liddy was repeatedly briefed , at length , by Pricewaterhouse and by senior management at Goldman , about the firm 's CDO exposure with AIG and about the valuation dispute .
If the matter was so important that Goldman 's CFO and vice chairman took an active role in negotiating the circumstances for simply attempting to resolve the dispute , then Ed Liddy thoroughly understood the matter and the stakes that were involved .
This will all come out when Liddy 's briefing books , and other related documentation and correspondence , are obtained by the House Oversight Committee , which is investigating this matter .
Liddy was the Chairman of the Audit Committee on Goldman 's Board of Directors .
Every audit committee of the board of every publicly held financial institution is briefed in depth about risk concentrations at the firm .
There is no way that Pricewaterhouse would leave itself exposed by not thoroughly briefing Liddy about these matters .
While it may be a part - time obligation , being Chair of the Audit Committee at Goldman is a very important job .
And during one all - important week , Liddy did some moonlighting .
A few minutes after he spoke with Goldman 's CEO , Lloyd Blankfein , on September 16 , 2008 , and shortly after he first considered a government bailout of AIG , Hank Paulson unilaterally decided that Liddy should immediately become AIG 's new CEO .
Unlike Liddy , AIG 's CEO at the time , Bob Willumstad , had relatively clean hands in the CDO saga .
Willumstad had been part of AIG 's management for about three months , and had joined the AIG board in April 2006 , when most of Goldman 's toxic CDOs had already been insured by AIG .
That same afternoon , Liddy was on a plane to New York , to start at AIG the next day .
Liddy was officially made CEO and Chairman of AIG on September 18 .
And of course , he immediately immersed himself into negotiating the terms of the government bailout facility , which he signed on September 22 .
Only on the following day , on September 23 , 2008 , that Liddy chose to make his resignation from Goldman 's board effective .
That was also the week when Paulson spoke to Blankfein 24 times by phone .
For further clarification at to why it an innocent explanation of all this is beyond any realm of plausibility , see this earlier piece .
" Who the heck is Dan Jester ? " asked Times Opinionator columnist William D. Cohen , who answered his own question last week .
Jester was the former Goldman deputy CFO who was plucked by Treasury Secretary Paulson in the summer of 2008 to act as his " contractor , " i.e. someone for whom usual formalities pertaining to government accountability would not apply .
But Tim Geithner made more calls to Jester , during the fall of 2008 , than to any other bona fide Treasury employee , with the exception of Hank Paulson .
Cohen writes :
One former A.I.G. executive told me that Jester was calling many of the shots at the insurer between mid-September , when the New York Fed decided to go ahead with the bailout , and the end of October 2008 , when Jester was replaced at A.I.G. by another Treasury official because , according to The New York Times , of Jester 's " stockholdings in Goldman Sachs . "
" He was Paulson 's man , " the former A.I.G. executive told me .
" He was the Treasury 's representative , and he was at every meeting " during that mid-September weekend .
One of the shots being called during that period was the decision for AIG to hand over $ 18.7 billion in scarce cash to the CDO counterparties in exchange for zero concessions .
At one point , on the following Monday , Sept. 15 , as the A.I.G. situation was spiraling out of control , Jester phoned the three major credit - rating agencies and asked them to hold off from downgrading A.I.G. any further , since that additional downgrade would force the insurer to make even more collateral payments on the spot to counterparties , further depleting its dwindling cash .
Jester 's efforts were n't persuasive .
" It was pathetic , " the former A.I.G. executive told me .
There are many people who do not know how to speak forcefully and effectively to the rating agencies , but that group would not include a former deputy CFO from Goldman .
It would be somewhat analogous to Katie Couric getting flustered when asked to read a teleprompter .
There is no way that the agencies could have been aware of AIG 's difficulties and not have been equally aware of their own role in contributing to those difficulties .
Nor could they have been unaware that a downgrade would trigger AIG 's liquidity crisis .
On the same day that the markets were absorbing the shock from the Lehman bankruptcy , if the government asks the agencies to wait just a bit longer to see how the evolving situation plays out with regard to delicate negotiations for a private bank deal to provide new liquidity for AIG , the agencies would ordinarily be inclined to pause for a bit .
For those and other reasons , I believe Jester 's feeble performance was deliberate , that the endgame was to trigger a liquidity crisis at AIG in order to force a government bailout , which would be a backdoor bailout of Goldman .
The House Oversight Committee should review Jester 's public and private emails and phone records to get more clarity on this point .
As Paulson wrote in his new book , " Much of my work was done on the phone , but there is no official record of many of the calls .
My phone log has many inaccuracies and omissions . "
Why would the electronic records of his phone calls be inaccurate , or have any omissions ?
It 's the sort of disclaimer Dick Cheney would give .
In Iowa , Jorge Canal is on the sex offenders registry because , at age 18 , he was convicted of distributing obscene materials to a minor after he sent a picture of his penis by cellphone to a 14 - year - old female friend who had requested it .
In Florida , Phillip Alpert , then 18 , was charged with distributing child pornography and put on the sex offenders registry because after a fight , he sent a photograph of his nude 16 - year - old girlfriend by e-mail to dozens of people , including her parents .
In most states , teenagers who send or receive sexually explicit photographs by cellphone or computer — known as “ sexting ” — have risked felony child pornography charges and being listed on a sex offender registry for decades to come .
But there is growing consensus among lawyers and legislators that the child pornography laws are too blunt an instrument to deal with an adolescent cyberculture in which all kinds of sexual pictures circulate on sites like MySpace and Facebook .
( CNN ) -- Sir Ken Robinson says our education system works like a factory .
It 's based on models of mass production and conformity that actually prevent kids from finding their passions and succeeding , he said .
" The problem is that educating young people is not like making motorcars -- at all , " the author and educator said in a recent interview .
" And one key difference is that motorcars have no interest in how they 're made , and young people do . "
Robinson , author of " The Element : How Finding Your Passion Changes Everything , " spoke to CNN after a recent lecture at the TED Conference in Long Beach , California .
TED is a nonprofit group dedicated to " ideas worth spreading " which makes talks from its conferences available online .
Watch a 2006 " TED talk " with Ken Robinson
Instead of trying to mass - produce children who are good at taking tests and memorizing things , schools should emphasize personal development , Robinson said .
Not all kids are good at the same things , and the education system should n't pretend they should all turn out the same , he said .
" We ca n't just improve [ schools ] , " he said .
" We have to radically transform them . "
Schools today are " preoccupied with certain types of ability , " he said .
The comments came before the current debate over education policy erupted in the United States .
President Obama this week proposed an overhaul of the U.S. education system , and a school board in Rhode Island made headlines after it fired all of the teachers at an underperforming high school .
Robinson said his aim is to help students find their passions and to inspire creativity .
That will keep them from turning into complacent and bored adults , he said .
I love this man .
This man is everything I love about Jalopnik .
He is proud .
He is unashamed of how fucking weird everybody else thinks he is .
He is cheerful and goodnatured .
He adores his car because it makes him happy .
He does n't give a shit what other , " more rational " people " think .
He has good teeth .
He does his own god damned thing .
He helped out other people when they were stuck , doing his little bit of good in the world .
He loves his Mustang .
He is funny .
He is the fucking man .
A disabled athlete who has won five gold medals for Britain is to be deported to Nigeria tonight after the Government refused his 11th - hour plea for clemency .
Vincent Onwubiko , 43 , a power - lifter from Lewisham , south - east London , who suffers from polio and is confined to a wheelchair represented Britain at a paraplegic games in 1995 .
Mr Onwubiko came to the UK in 1994 and has an 11 - year - old daughter .
He claims that if he is sent back to Nigeria he will be dead within weeks .
Speaking from Colnbrook Immigration Removal Centre last night he told The Independent : " The Government has given me three months of painkillers for my return to Nigeria and told me to get on with it .
But I need proper care .
Sending me back is a death sentence . "
He claims that his legal case is still before the courts and that he has been denied proper healthcare .
Mr Onwubiko represented Britain at the Stoke Mandeville Games in 1995 and 1997 and at the World Champion of Champions competition in Birmingham in 1996 .
He was also selected for the GB team at the 1996 Paralympics in Atlanta but was unable to attend .
But in 2007 , Mr Onwubiko was sentenced to five months in prison for driving while disqualified after twice being convicted of careless driving in his specially adapted car , once after jumping a red light .
Under UK law , an immigrant who commits a serious criminal offence is subject to automatic deportation .
At the end of his sentence Mr Onwubiko was arrested and taken to Dover Immigration Removal Centre , which he claims would not admit him because he does not have full use of his legs .
Instead he was taken to Brixton prison in south London .
In January 2008 , he was granted bail , but was re-arrested last August after being called in for an interview , and he has been in detention ever since .
This year his case was taken up by his MP , Bridget Prentice , who wrote to the UK Border Agency .
She was told that there were " no grounds " to uphold his complaints about his treatment at Colnbrook and that the Home Office was committed to his deportation .
The removal order seen by The Independent says that Mr Onwubiko has been booked on a flight from Heathrow Airport to Lagos this evening .
In a final desperate bid to stay in Britain , Mr Onwubiko has written personally to Gordon Brown .
He told Mr Brown : " I am a polio victim from childhood , which affected both my legs .
Crippling my left leg totally and partially crippling my right leg , making it impossible for me to make use of my legs .
Though I manage to get about on crutches and wheel - chair until some years ago when I sustained serious injury in my right hip while representing Britain in international disability weightlifting competitions . "
He adds : " My request is for you to please use your good office to intervene by asking the Home Office to look into my case and release me because British national athletes are not supposed to be in an immigration centre . "
David Wood , Head of Criminality and Detentions , UKBA said : " In light of a number of criminal convictions , Vincent Onwubiko was notified on 13 November 2007 of a decision to make a Deportation Order against him .
Full consideration was given to his case and the decision was reviewed and upheld by an Immigration Judge .
New York , NY - At the News2 You Media Conference in Manhattan today , Rupert Murdoch announced that beginning January 1 , 2010 all News Corp sites would be removed from the Internet and placed on BBS style systems only accessible with dial - up modems and monthly subscription .
Murdoch has recently threatened to pull the company 's sites from Google 's search index , but this more drastic measure was unexpected .
The News Corp CEO said , " The skulduggery of the rapscallions at Google and other search engines to display sentences of material from our websites in their search results shows just how far these pus-sucking mongrels will go to in furthering their agenda of a Communist takeover of the Internet . "
Murdoch was asked why the sites were removed from the Internet , and not just from Google 's index .
He responded , " We need to protect our intellectual property from the nefarious whickerdoodies on the Internet .
If it 's connected to the tubes then they can get it for free .
When they get it for free I do n't make any money , and when I do n't get any money Jesus weeps .
The logic leads to only one course of action and we took it . "
All News Corps sites were being redesigned to function on the Wildcat BBS software , and engineers have been working furiously to install Hayes 9600 baud modems to handle the load .
Related News Google Pulls Apple from Search Results Media to Retire Facts and Journalistic Standards Superheroes Sue Supervillains for Infringement Google CEO Eric Schmidt said , " Murdoch can run , but he can't hide .
Our spiders are able to auto -dial these BBSes and index their information .
If they block those , we 'll tunnel through the electrical wires into their servers , and if that does n't work we 'll flip on the Matrix . "
Analysts agree that consumers will be the big winner .
" With the garbage the News Corp spews off the Internet , surfers will enjoy a much better web experience , " said Valerie Hufnagle of Bear Stearns .
News Corp stock was down on the news .
Story Options : Related Share Print
Poll : Bipartisanship popular , compromise tricky
Americans spread the blame when it comes to the lack of cooperation in Washington , and , in a new Washington Post - ABC News poll , most want the two sides to keep working to pass comprehensive health - care reform .
Nearly six in 10 in the new poll say the Republicans are n't doing enough to forge compromise with President Obama on important issues ; more than four in 10 see Obama as doing too little to get GOP support .
Among independents , 56 percent see the Republicans in Congress as too unbending and 50 percent say so of the president ; 28 percent of independents say both sides are doing too little to find agreement .
As party leaders tussle over the proposed bipartisan health care summit , nearly two - thirds of Americans say they want Congress to keep working to pass comprehensive health - care reform .
Democrats overwhelmingly support continued action on this front , as do 56 percent of independents and 42 percent of Republicans .
The sticky part of widespread desire for compromise is that it 's simple to want it from the other side .
About three - quarters of Democrats see the congressional Republicans as intransigent , while a similar proportion of Republicans see Obama that way .
But even Republicans are critical of their congressional leadership , with 44 percent seeing them as doing too little to strike deals with Obama ; that compares with just 13 percent of Democrats worried about inaction on Obama 's part .
At the same time , the president does pick up some criticism from the left here : 18 percent of liberal Democrats say Obama is doing too much to compromise with the GOP on big issues .
More from the poll conducted Thursday through Monday will be released tomorrow in The Washington Post .
The margin of sampling error for the results from the full random sample of 1,004 adults is plus or minus three percentage points .
About Plexus IT
Founded and run by people who are passionate and have a profound understanding of both IT and business , Plexus IT has provided excellent IT services for small and medium - sized businesses in Los Angeles and the Thousand Oaks areas since 2001 .
We have built our loyal client base in an industry where firms come and go .
Our relationships with key vendors are long and deep , which translates into first - class support for our clients .
I get emails all the time from fans who want to be part of the filming .
Well , now 's your chance .
It would help if you live in Northern Ireland .
Or at least the UK or the Republic of Ireland .
Some actual experience in film or television production would be good as well .
I 'm sorry , it really does n't matter how much you love my books if you live in South Dakota and have no experience .
Anyway , here 's the skinny :
If you want to apply , please note the instructions therein and follow them precisely .
DO NOT SEND EMAILS OR RESUMES TO ME !
I will not be hiring anyone .
Nor am I willing to write recommendations for people I have never met , no matter how sincere or enthusiastic you may be .
If this is something you really want , though , hey , take a shot .
Ca n't hurt .
Who knows , perhaps the stars will align , and YOU will end up being Floor Runner # 2 .
( No , I do n't know what Floor Runner # 2 does either .
Possibly that 's British for what we called " gopher " when I was in Hollywood .
Something to do with running about the floor , at a guess ) .
As can be seen on the SPY IOIA screen below , JPM's ETF desk singlehandedly manages to push market higher .
It is unknown if this is for prop positions ( yes Senator Corker , we know it when we see it ) , or flow ( JPM is RenTec's .
and many other quant funds ' Prime Dealer ) is unknown .
What is known is that JPM indicates every single SPY offer was lifted by its sage trader .
f you 're really interested in knowing what your meals look like after they 've digested for a few hours , I recommend drinking tons of beer followed by buckets of sugary cocktails .
I went on a date last summer that started out with dinner and beers , and then progressed to barhopping across my neighborhood .
Eventually we wound up at a pub that was less than a block from my house .
It was here that my date began ordering lemon drops for both of us , which are mixture of vodka , lemon juice , and massive amounts of sugar .
After drinking four or five of those , we left the bar and stumbled to my house .
It 's fair to say that by the time we reached my place I was completely hammered .
I 'm a fairly lean guy and it's rare that I drink to excess , so it 's not difficult for booze to gain the upper hand against my pathetic sack of organs .
We went upstairs , turned off the lights , and did that thing that adults do where they grunt and let their privates fly around the room .
Post - coitus , I started to feel a mixture of hunger and nausea .
I went downstairs to the kitchen and my dog , who had been quietly waiting at the foot of the bed , followed me down .
I opened the refrigerator and saw nothing to eat , save for some rotten teriyaki stir fry I 'd cooked a few weeks earlier .
It was at this point that the nausea began to overpower the hunger , so I went to the bathroom and barfed my guts out .
This went on for a few minutes .
When I came out of the bathroom , the teriyaki stir fry was sitting on the hardwood floor just outside the kitchen .
The tupperware lid had been removed and it'd been placed near the stairwell .
it appeared as if someone had taken the stir fry out in order to feed it to my dog .
Luckily , my dog seemed as disinterested in it as I was .
Enraged , however , my drunken little brain quickly narrowed the suspects down to either myself or my date , who was asleep upstairs .
I went back upstairs and burst into the room .
My date bolted upright and replied :
This debate raged on for a few minutes until I ran out of steam and passed out in bed .
In retrospect , I think sometime between barfing and blacking out , I was probably the one who put the Teriyaki on the floor .
There was no second date .
Want the latest Scottish sport news sent straight to your inbox ?
Join thousands of others who have signed up to our Record Sport newsletter .
Subscribe
Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
A MYSTERY punter won £ 450,00 on a 10 p bet as Gold Cup winner Imperial Commander handed bookies a bumper payday .
Bookmakers were set to lose a fortune if 8 - 11 favourite Kauto Star won the highlight of the Cheltenham festival .
But the three - time winner unseated jockey Ruby Walsh four fences from the finish .
That let Paddy Brennan hustle 7 - 1 shot Imperial Commander home , with second favourite Denman just behind .
A mystery man who laid a series of 10 p accumulators had backed them to finish one - two .
Mon Mome 's last gasp effort to snatch third from Carruthers saved William Hill from that becoming a £ 1 million win .
But his £ 450,000 payout was nothing compared with the £ 20 million punters would have pocketed if Kauto Star triumphed .
Betting giant Coral reckoned the industry had " raked " in £ 50 million in bets placed on the outcome .
A spokesman for the firm said : " What an amazing race .
" It 's good news for us as the only result we feared was a win for Kauto Star .
" We reckon around 75 per cent of bets placed on the Gold Cup have been for the favourite . "
Hill 's spokesman David Hood said : " Bookies could n't make it up this week .
They have enjoyed some stellar results , with only three winning favourites , and it will take punters until the World Cup to get over the shocks this week . "
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - Republican attorneys general in at least 12 states warned on Monday that lawsuits will be filed to stop the federal government ’s healthcare reform bill from encroaching on states ’ sovereignty .
The lawsuits were widely expected with announcements coming from the states ’ top legal officials less than 24 hours after the House of Representatives gave final approval to a sweeping overhaul of healthcare .
State officials are concerned the burden of providing healthcare will fall to them without enough federal support .
Eleven of the attorneys general plan to band together in a collective lawsuit on behalf of Alabama , Florida , Michigan , Nebraska , North Dakota , Pennsylvania , South Carolina , South Dakota , Texas , Utah and Washington .
“ Congress ’ attempt to force Michigan families to buy health insurance -- or else -- raises serious constitutional concerns , ” said Michigan Attorney General Mike Cox .
“ We will fight to defend the individual rights and freedoms of Michigan citizens against this radical overreach by the federal government . ”
The state attorneys general say the reforms infringe on state powers under the Constitution ’s Bill of Rights .
Virginia Attorney General Kenneth Cuccinelli , who plans to file a lawsuit in federal court in Richmond , Virginia , said Congress lacks authority under its constitutional power to regulate interstate commerce to force people to buy insurance .
The bill also conflicts with a state law that says Virginians cannot be required to buy insurance , he added .
“ If a person decides not to buy health insurance , that person by definition is not engaging in commerce , ” Cuccinelli said in recorded comments .
“ If you are not engaging in commerce , how can the federal government regulate you ? ”
Forrest McDonald , a retired University of Alabama history professor who has written a book on states ’ rights , said Congress has no power to make someone buy something .
“ You can stretch it all to hell and you ’re going to find a lot of power , but you ca n’t find the power to make me buy a car or anything , ” he said .
But Mark Rosen , a Constitution scholar at Chicago - Kent College of Law , said the states do not really have a constitutional leg to stand on .
“ Congress has clear authority to pass this type of legislation and under the supremacy clause that makes federal law supreme , ” he said .
Pennsylvania Governor Ed Rendell , a Democrat , blasted the lawsuit , saying : “ It ’s a waster of taxpayer money and it ’s nothing more than political grandstanding , ” he told reporters .
Several Democratic governors released statements in support of the healthcare reform bill .
States have also cited the 10th Amendment of the Constitution , which states that “ powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the states , are reserved to the states , ” as proof that the U.S. government cannot set their healthcare laws .
In addition to the pending lawsuits , bills and resolutions have been introduced in at least 36 state legislatures seeking to limit or oppose various aspects of the reform plan through laws or state constitutional amendments , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures .
So far , only two states -- Idaho and Virginia -- have enacted laws , while an Arizona constitutional amendment is seeking voter approval on the November ballot .
But the actual enactment of the bill by President Barack Obama could spur more movement on the measures by state lawmakers .
Tea Party groups in Ohio planned to unveil a proposed constitutional amendment later on Monday aimed at shielding the state ’s residents from “ financial burdens and individual mandates ” related to the federal healthcare changes .
As is the case on the Congressional level , partisan politics is in play on the state level , where no anti-healthcare reform legislation has emerged in Democrat - dominated states like Illinois and New York , according to the NCSL .
Florida Attorney General Bill McCollum , a Republican candidate running for governor , said the mandate would cost Florida at least $ 1.6 billion in Medicaid alone .
All states would receive extra funding to cover Medicaid costs , which are expected to rise under the reform , including 100 percent federal coverage for new enrollees under the plan through 2016 .
Medicaid is the healthcare program for the poor jointly administered by the states and federal government .
By Billy Wharton
March 24 , 2010 -- Americans desperately need healthcare .
The need is so desperate that many are buying into a “ something is better than nothing ” philosophy to support a healthcare bill that actively works against their own interests .
The bill that US President Barack Obama plans to sign into law is being dubbed a “ reform ” , but actually amounts to a corporate restructuring that will solidify the reliance on the same private insurance companies that have caused the crisis in the nation ’s healthcare system .
As single - payer heathcare activist Dr. Margaret Flowers stated , “ The Democratic Party has now moved so far to the right that they have just passed a Republican health bill . ”
This is no surprise , private insurers and pharmaceutical companies have flooded the electoral system with money in order to guarantee their continued ability to accumulate profits .
[ In the United States , " single - payer healthcare " refers to universal public health insurance schemes similar to Canada 's scheme and Australia 's Medicare . ]
Junk healthcare plans and the race to the bottom
At nearly 2500 pages , the bill contains a myriad of loop holes that will allow insurance companies to continue nearly all of the immoral practices that have , according to a Harvard University study , resulted in more than 40,000 deaths per year due to treatable conditions .
In fact , private insurers will now receive taxpayer funds to subsidise the sale of junk healthcare plans that the group Physicians for a National Health Program estimates will only cover 70 % of people ’s medical needs .
This will likely spark a race - to - the - bottom as employers look to provide the minimum amount of coverage possible , insurers grab ever - increasing chunks of public money and people continue to face the prospect of soaring out - of - pocket costs , deep medical debts and death from treatable illnesses .
However , Americans have adjusted to profit - driven healthcare by avoiding it .
A study by the Kaiser Family Foundation found that 6 out of 10 Americans had deferred or delayed what they understood as necessary medical treatment .
To close this option , the healthcare bill lends the coercive power of government to private health insurers .
For the first time in US history , citizens will be forced to purchase health insurance or face stiff annual fines .
Such a mandate guarantees that millions of people will be herded into the new “ health insurance exchanges ” , an idea created by the right - wing Heritage Foundation , in order to fork over their money to private insurers .
Estimates are that this will produce more than 20 million new customers for abusive insurance corporations such as Humana , Oxford and Aetna .
When corporations own democracy
The bill is a remarkably clear demonstration of the power of corporate money and influence in US politics .
Health insurance corporations spent an average of US $ 600,000 a day in lobbying during the first six months of 2009 .
Lobbyists had a seat at the table during all parts of the writing , debate and approval of the bill .
When single - payer advocates from the Physicians for a National Health Program and Healthcare - NOW attempted to participate in proceedings at the Senate Finance Committee , they were first denied a seat at the table and then arrested .
All along , the insurance lobby followed the basic strategy they have employed since the 1990s – either prevent any reform or stick people with a bad reform .
Welcome to the bad reform .
The fix was in from the beginning .
This was clear as Democrats stumbled through “ town hall meetings ” during the summer of 2009 .
Most could not explain the details of the plan and relied on vague appeals to the obvious fact that people needed access to healthcare .
Most Democrat legislators had already taken hefty campaign contributions from the insurance and pharmaceutical industries .
Meanwhile , the bill grew in size and in pro-corporate credentials .
Republicans added more than 100 amendments , Democrats negotiated away any even vaguely progressive language and the insurance industry opened profit - rich loopholes .
Along the way , Obama made anti-abortion pledges and immigrants were thrown out of the legislation .
Gone was Obama ’s campaign pledge to create “ universal healthcare ” it was replaced by the neoliberal slogan of “ choice and competition ” .
Democrats :
For sale or lease
A few Democrats put up symbolic resistance .
House Representative Anthony Weiner cashed - in politically by running a slick public relations campaign nominally in support of single - payer healthcare before fading back into line with Obama .
Senator Bernie Sanders , an independent , tried the insider route , attempting to carve out provisions that would allow state - by - state single - payer systems and that would create a public option .
This failed and Sanders withdrew , choosing to go - along - to - get - along .
Dennis Kucinich was held up as a “ last honest man ” figure .
Kucinich has serious single - payer credentials and seemed fearless in his criticism of both the content and process of the bill .
He correctly surmised that the bill " would put the government in the role of accelerating the privatization of health care ” and voted No during the first round in the House of Representatives .
Yet , as the clunky pro-corporate bill lumbered toward a final vote , Democratic Party leadership broke Kucinich , squeezing a " Yes " vote out of him , presumably by threatening to run a well - financed candidate against him in future elections .
In a scene more reminiscent of an Orwellian dystopia , a defeated Kucinich held a press conference to describe why he was going to vote for a bill that he opposes .
Along the way , the Democrats received a wonderful political gift – the Tea Partiers .
Both the conservative and liberal media focused in on tea -party demonstrations in order to craft them as the face of the opposition to the bill .
A reactionary motley crew of racists , gun lovers and right - wing libertarian yahoos provided pro-corporate Democrats with the chance to appear as the rational defenders of the people .
Single - payer advocates were unable to break this embargo despite a variety of tactics ranging from civil disobedience to letter writing .
Ultimately , the Obama administration was able to present the struggle as one between healthcare “ reformers ” and far - right whackos looking to wreck his presidency .
All this was done in the service of protecting the insurance companies from the serious critique offered by single - payer healthcare .
A medical `cash - for - clunkers '
The healthcare bill fits smoothly into the Obama administration ’s now clearly established economic strategy .
Unlike the Bush administration , which attempted to use jumbled down - home rhetoric to cover class war from above , Obama has created a grotesque form of lemon socialism disguised by the language of reform .
Under lemon socialism , financial losses are laid on the public while private corporations retain the profits .
Consider this bill as the healthcare version of " cash - for - clunkers " .
Public money that could be used for the social good will be sent to bankroll abusive , inefficient and anti-human private corporations .
Just as with the bank bailout , the war economy and education policy .
The administration speaks the language of reform , but enacts the policies of neoliberal privatisation , no matter what the cost to the public in terms of funds or lives .
There are simple lessons to be learned from all of this – the market and corporations have no role to play in either healthcare or politics .
Insurance companies merely disrupt the relationship between doctors and patients .
They add nothing to the healthcare system and suck off profits by limiting or denying access to care .
These profits are then re-deployed in the political system to buy both Democratic and Republican politicians through a corrupting system of lobbying and campaign contributions .
Now that the US Supreme Court has provided corporations with an unlimited ability to donate money to candidates , these trends are sure to increase .
Democracy or the rich ?
Now is the time to put an end to this process .
On healthcare , we need to re-build the single - payer movement , rooting it in poor and working - class communities , winning over our trade unions and growing into a mass movement whose demands can neither be denied nor ignored as utopian .
Single - payer healthcare can open the door for a fully socialised medical system in which healthcare is finally recognised as a guaranteed human right .
Such a movement will be one part of a broader upsurge for democracy from below that seeks to address the fact that 5 % of the population in the United States controls 85 % of the wealth .
As the reformer Justice Louis Brandeis once wrote , “ We can have democracy in this country or we can have great wealth in the hands of a few , but we ca n’t have both . ”
We can accomplish this by voting for green and red candidates who support single - payer healthcare and in the streets by creating an uncompromising social movement that puts human needs first and aims to relegate the insurance companies , the banks and the multinationals to the position they so rightly deserve – the dustbin of history .
[ Billy Wharton is a writer and activist whose articles have appeared in the Washington Post , Counterpunch , Common Dreams , Dissident Voice , the NYC Indypendent , Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal , Spectrezine and the Monthly Review Zine .
He is co-chair of the Socialist Party ( USA ) . ]
By Finlo Rohrer
BBC News Magazine
The case of the couple who won £ 56 m on the EuroMillions raises a perennial question .
Does winning a huge amount of money make you happy ?
Call it envy , jealousy or moral disdain , but there 's no doubt that many of us have a problem with what we deem to be unearned wealth .
Go back in history and you 'll see sticky ends attributed to the fabulously wealthy .
King Croesus was supposedly burned alive on a pyre , while Crassus was made to drink molten gold , but both these grisly fates may simply have been wishful thinking on the part of the envious .
The happiness it can bring is multiplied by a thousand times but it can bring heartache as well as people trying to rip you off
Roy Gibney
Won £ 7.5 m in 1998 Podcast on money and happiness
More recently , lottery wins seem to provoke heated discussion at the watercooler and in the back of taxis .
Do they enjoy their windfalls ?
Or does their good fortune have the capacity to make them miserable , leaving them rudderless in a morass of luxury ?
There have certainly been many winners who had their lives turned upside down by a big win .
Relationships can break down under the strain , friendships can come under pressure .
And the tabloids love nothing more than a winner who has frittered away all their money .
From a mental wellbeing point of view there are clearly dangers .
Psychologist Caroline Schuster - Cotterell says a big win can leave people reeling in much the same way as any other major , life - changing event .
" It really can be disruptive .
The first thing is the shock , not expecting it and suddenly winning .
It is the speed and rate of change that tend to cause people trouble . "
Happiness wanting ...
Croesus ( burned alive ) and Crassus ( drunk molten gold )
And the whirlwind of change helps to explain those newspaper stories about relationships foundering .
" The further aspect is changes in relationships with close friends and family .
Attitudes can change , " says Dr Schuster - Cotterell .
" When one has a large win one is temporarily stunned and one does n't have such clear judgement as one normally would , making unwise decisions on several aspects of life . "
But for those who like to engage in Schadenfreude there is disappointing news from the studies that have been done on lottery winners , says Prof Andrew Oswald , of Warwick University .
" Although many people do n't want to hear the evidence , it is overwhelmingly that winning the lottery makes you happier and improves your mental health .
People find it easier to engage in Schadenfreude . "
Prof Oswald 's tactic has not been to study only lottery winners .
Instead he has taken a massive sample , of 50,000 people , and studied them over time in the hope that lottery winners would crop up .
" Fortunately for a scientist , a large proportion of people play the lottery .
In our latest work the largest winner gets a million euros . "
This week 's £ 56 m winners - happy now , and , say the studies , in the future And the results , which Prof Oswald says have been replicated elsewhere , are clear .
" There is no doubt there is a very strong [ initial ] euphoria , then the evidence suggests people do n't enjoy the money for the first year or two . "
It 's not clear why there is this gap before lottery winners start to really enjoy themselves .
" We have postulated after the euphoria wears off , in their subconscious they realise they do n't deserve the money and it takes a while for this non-deservedness to wear off , " says Prof Oswald .
But there are some bad effects of a win , notably in someone 's health .
" They start to smoke more and drink more , " he says .
" We think that may be bad for their health and hold down their happiness for a while . "
This type of research is important in the field of behavioural economics as it offers evidence for one of the great political and social questions .
" All politicians speak as though if they could make their citizens richer it would make their citizens happier .
This is the closest we have to randomly assigned forms of money . "
Life is boring and there is too much nonsense
Former Pools winner Viv Nicholson EuroMillions £ 56 m win ' amazing '
But of course , while the odd millionaire can crop up in a long - term study , it 's not going to be possible to study the psychological effects on the mega winners .
" There is no quality research on what happens to people with absolutely enormous wins - £ 50 m is so extreme it is hard to know how to fit it in . "
And the newspapers have often relished the travails of the big winners .
In 2007 , one tabloid noted that a multimillion pound winner had put on a stone , split up with her boyfriend and become reclusive .
Interviews with those who have frittered away the money or been through a personal ordeal make more impact than those who have lived quietly and happily .
But the latter appear to be plentiful .
Grimsby - born Roy Gibney won £ 7.5 m in 1998 and says life is " absolutely marvellous " .
He lives in a villa in Cyprus with his wife and child much of the year , spending some time in Nairn and some in Grimsby .
That is not to say that he is never unhappy .
" If you take a normal life everyone has ups and downs but multiply it by an awful lot .
The happiness it can bring is multiplied by a thousand times but it can bring heartache as well as people trying to rip you off .
" Obviously , I 've had my downs - family falling out with you because they want more money . "
But the key thing is retaining a " sensible head " , he says .
His grown - up daughters had houses bought for them , but they still have to work .
" I won when I was 44 - it was the right age to win it . "
Michael Carroll , who won £ 9.7 m and spent it all But ultimately he views his life as full of opportunities he would not otherwise have had .
" Me , my wife and son flew to New York a couple of days before Christmas .
We could n't have done that normally . "
Many journalists have been to speak to Viv Nicholson , the woman who famously vowed to " spend , spend , spend " when she scooped £ 152,000 on the football pools in 1961 .
People expect that having spent all the money and endured a number of personal tragedies they will hear a story of regret and the corrosive power of sudden wealth .
But they are disappointed .
" My experience was fantastic , " says Mrs Nicholson .
" I just had everything , did everything I wanted , things that I would never have had .
I do n't regret a thing .
I did it my way .
I live my life the way I wanted to . "
She is dismissive towards those who emphasise the value of saving over spending in the pursuit of happiness .
" Life is boring and there is too much nonsense . "
The big winners now have a support structure provided by Camelot 's winners ' advisers .
It is in the firm 's interest that winners appear happy .
Go away somewhere new Dot Renshaw , former head of player services and now a consultant for Camelot , advises winners to take a holiday somewhere new in the immediate aftermath of a jackpot .
" Try and get a holiday away from everything so you can try and come to terms with what 's happened , " she says .
" Friends and family will have their own ideas of what you should be doing .
Do n't rush into anything . "
Subsequently they line up a meeting with financial advisers and lawyers on how the money can be put to use , tax issues , and the making of a will .
But there is also help with the psychological side , both from former winners who are still in touch with Camelot and the advisers .
" We are not qualified counsellors , but we have over 40 years experience [ between us ] of dealing with jackpot winners . "
And for many people happiness is about enjoying their windfall while retaining their old friends and relationships .
" Their true friends are there for them , " says Ms Renshaw .
Add your comments on this story , using the form below .
I won over £ 250,000 on the lottery when I was 22 .
I 'm now 34 and when I look back I do wonder if I 'd do things differently if I won it again now .
That being said , I live in my own house without a mortgage and I 'm as happy as I think possible .
The happiness is n't down to the money though , as it can't buy you health .
There are lessons you learn in life and as you get older you realise true happiness is n't down to money .
It does however give you security , peace of mind and new opportunities .
It 's easy to get carried away with a win of that size , but my only advice to people would be to keep sight of what is important , do n't lose your family or friends .
There are of course people who will try to take advantage - ditch those asap .
Matt , Staffs
Money does not make you happy in itself .
Money gives you choices .
The choice to buy a dream home , the choice to not work , the choice to give to charity .
The core to being happy is making the choices that are right for you .
I think many make the mistake of assuming materialistic gain is everything and quickly realise it can be hollow because because they make stereotypical choices and not their own .
Peter Ferguson , Bristol
In itself , money cannot make you happy but it can remove many stresses and pressures that get in the way of happiness .
Colin Allinson , Munich , Germany
My husband and I are relatively high earners , but we live a simple life .
When birthdays and Christmases come up , we struggle to find gifts for each other as there 's not a lot we yearn for .
If we won , this would be the plan :
1 . Do n't tell anyone outside family we won
2 . Buy that nice little three - bedroom around the corner we 've had our eye on
3 . Pay off mortgages for the family .
4 . Fix up the car ( 15 year old Jag )
5 . Have a frivolous safari holiday
6 . Invest the rest and continue working .
For me , happiness is having goals to accomplish , if one of the goals is to be rich and that suddenly gets scrubbed off the list , there had better be something new to replace it or you would be feeling worthless pretty fast .
Although I must add , goals of riches alone never make anyone happy .
Humans need to feel like they have a purpose .
So as you can tell - I 'm quite prepared .
Send on the jackpot !
Flossy , Amsterdam , The Netherlands I never enter any kind of lottery , precisely because I do n't want to win a large amount of unearned money .
I do n't have a lot , but I 'm happy with a comfortable life , good health and the ability to take pleasure in the small things in life .
Dennis Hodgson , Hong Kong
Of course winning a lottery would make me and my wife very happy .
But if we ever did , we have made up our minds as to what to do with the money - 90 % of it would go to charities and helping those who really need help , people who are having their homes repossessed by banks , people who lose everything in a natural disaster , etc .
How much money do we need to carry on with our lives ?
A million in our account would do us and the children for always .
I basically think these rollovers become obscene .
Why not split the jackpot further down and give more people a chance of also winning lottery money ?
One person gets a vulgar amount while another picks up £ 5 .
Paddy Singh , Salisbury , UK I remember when I was young all I wanted for Christmas was a remote controlled car , I told myself then I would be happy , I got it , I was happy .
By early January the happiness had worn off , I now found myself saying the thing that would make me happy would be a remote controlled hovercraft .
That is a mini picture of our lives , so many things promise us happiness , but they only satisfy us for a finite amount of time then we are looking for the next big thing .
To quote CS Lewis , it is as if " something has evaded us " .
Michael , Wigan
If you are looking for volunteers to test this - I am available .
But seriously , enough to clear debts and pay the mortgage off would be enough for me to live happily on my salary .
I 'm not sure I could cope with having millions of pounds - I would probably get bored if not working too .
Chezzaj , Peterborough " Ways to be become corrupt ( Ghandi ) :
Wealth without work
Pleasure without conscience
Knowledge without character
Commerce without morality
Science without humanity
Politics without principle "
Wealth without work was number on his list , and he achieved a lot .
Stephen Lockett , Kent I remember a story of a working class east London couple who won the pools very many years ago .
They moved out to the stockbroker belt and bought a huge house there with a swimming pool .
They invited their friends to come down , have a swim , drink lots of booze .
Their friends came a couple of times , but then stopped coming .
So the wife tried to make friends with the neighbours , but they did n't want to know .
In the end they were so lonely that they sold up and moved back to East London .
Friends make you happy , not money .
Paul Smith , Hull
Of course a lottery win makes you happy .
Unless of course you are already so rich that some more millions wo n't make any difference , but let 's be honest , who would n't want to win the lottery to get out of financial troubles or just to treat yourself and your loved ones to something special or to secure the future of your kids or again , loved ones ?
There is so much good you can do with a lot of money and that alone should make you happy .
Franziska , UK I would like to win enough so we could afford private health care for our daughter and she could have the insulin pump that would make her life easier .
That would make me happy and give me peace of mind , knowing that I 've provided for her when I am gone .
M Price , Luton
It 's all about how your life was before you win the money .
If you 've lived a somewhat poor and penniless existence , this sudden income can been a welcome chance to free yourself from the endless grind of routine work patterns and endless pressure to sustain yourself and your family .
Whereas if you 've lived a comfortable life and with opportunity to get away from life 's stresses quite easily , the increase in money give you opportunity to over - indulge , where you can easily forget the plight of friends and family and soon you 're unable to relate to them .
Ultimately , given the way culture and morals have changed over the years , whether you deserve the money is more significant than what you do with it .
A work friend of mine got very anger over the fact that the EuroMillions winner had already won £ 55 on the Wednesday draw , crying " He should n't have been allowed to enter again . "
The value of a pound means different things to different people , and if you 've reached the point in your life where you do n't think £ 10 to £ 20 is a lot anymore , you should n't be allowed to enter competitions like this .
Or if you already have a " comfortable " income , then some of your winnings should be donated to charity or spread among other ticket holders .
Nicola Snow , Manchester
Why shouldnt the chap be allowed to play the lottery again after winning £ 55 ??
What a load of nonsense .
This world is full of jealousy and envy .
I for one am pleased for the lucky pair .
People spend too much time moaning that some should n't have this , and others should n't have that .
Stop worrying about what everyone else has and concentrate on what you have .
I hope this couple have a fantastic life .
I hope they will enjoy every single minute of being so fabulously rich that nothing is out of reach .
If they decide to give a bit to charity , then good on them .
But if they do n't , so what .
It is n't anybody else 's money to comment on it .
Perhaps my day will come soon , but until it does , good luck to anybody who 's does .
C Jones , Swansea I disagree with Nicola Snow - I think people who have generally struggled financially in some way or other , or have grown up without much money , are more likely to have difficulty accepting / managing their new wealth .
Look at Michael Carroll , blew the lot and now skint .
If your background has been more secure ( I do n't mean rich , by any means ) then you 're possibly not so likely to go over the top with it , forgetting others ' situations around you .
I certainly would n't anyway - friends and family are all that matters , whether you 're rich or poor .
Nicki , Colchester Nicola , I agree with you .
How happy would this couple be knowing that there was a children 's cancer ward named after them , or a local hospice , or a district hospital in the new town in Port au Prince .
Or all three .
That would give them immortality , not just short term pleasure .
But good luck to them whatever they do .
PeterMac , Ronda , Spain
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Polymer solar cells are still in their infancy compared to their silicon - based counterparts , but thanks to their low cost and rapidly advancing efficiency , the outlook is encouraging for cheap end - user power generation .
Researchers have developed a new nano - patterned array production technique that showed a roughly seven - fold increase in efficiency when compared to the traditional sandwich - style construction .
The important bits of the physics that go into generating energy in a solar cell only happen at the interface of the electron donor and acceptor layers , which is a few nanometers thick , so optimizing this interface is an important area of study .
In a new study , researchers used a piece of aluminum oxide to pattern the polymer comprising the electron donor part of the solar cell , P3HT .
The P3HT was drawn into a honeycomb - like array of nanometer pores using vacuum and capillary forces — the resultant structure was a 30nm thick film of P3HT with a nano - forest of pillars roughly 150nm tall and 75 nm thick .
Backfilling the P3HT array with the electron acceptor , C60 , created a complete heterojunction that could then be used in a solar cell , with an interface area 2.6 times greater than if it were flat .
Thanks to the use of aluminum oxide as a patterning material , the P3HT polymer chains would align themselves in a stacked array , which greatly increased the conductivity of the pillar .
The conductivity increase , coupled with the higher interfacial area yielded a an efficiency 6.6 times greater than a planar configuration of the same donor and receptor polymers .
While the absolute efficiency of the new array — just 1.12 percent — is not cutting edge , the patterning technique is cheap and can be done on a large scale , and is unlikely to be limited to just this material system .
Other recent polymer cells have claimed efficiencies of 5.5 percent , for example , and the micro- and nano - pillar approach works with traditional photovoltaic materials , too .
There is still much work to be done in the optimization of the processing conditions , but this is yet another piece of the puzzle that may make polymer solar cells a viable option for power generation .
Advanced Functional Materials , 2010 .
DOI :10.1002/adfm.200901760
By John A. Farrell , Thomas Jefferson Street blog
I suppose it is a mark of Democratic ineptness or complacency that , a year after Congress passed one of the biggest tax cuts in U.S. history , President Audacity still found the need to inform us of this fact in his State of the Union address .
Republican partisans may have preferred an across - the - board tax cut , or a gift to corporations , or the Paris Hilton Honorary Estate Tax Repeal Bill , rather than targeted tax cuts for working families .
But there is no denying the fact :
The Democratic stimulus bill gave middle - class families a huge tax break .
And there is more -- much more - - tax relief to come .
It 's getting lost in the cacophony again , but Obama 's proposed budget has $ 2.7 trillion in tax cuts for middle - class families , working folks caring for children or elderly parents , college students , small businesses and investors , research and development -- even cellphone users -- over the next 10 years .
Another fact :
That much - maligned stimulus bill , along with the hated bank bailout loans , also did what economists ( including those who were advising the Bush administration , which initiated the stimulus process and the bailout loans months before Obama took office ) said they would .
They stabilized an economy in free fall .
The banks have even begun to pay us back .
And yet another fact :
This smart bit of pump - priming was no radical , loony , Democratic idea .
With the exception of some Western European countries like Germany , where the social welfare system is already a perpetual stimulus machine , our international competitors ( i.e. , China ) opted for a Keynesian fix to the worldwide depression as well .
It has been a standard economic prescription for a century .
The great fourth quarter report that the U.S. economy got last week may not immediately translate into job growth or higher family incomes , which are always lagging indicators that a recession is over .
But it was good news nevertheless .
Remember where we were in the fourth quarter of 2008 ?
We might actually have some money to buy those iPads when they 're available this spring .
But , OK , the Obama tax cuts and stimulus package did exacerbate the debt problem that he inherited from the Tom DeLay generation of Republicans -- which dropped the pay - as - you - go policies of the Clinton - Gingrich years to finance two wars and the biggest expansion of Medicare since LBJ with the government credit card .
And , due to the failure of the Democratic message machine ( from smugness , or maybe just exhaustion ) , the need for the new red ink that the Bush - Obama rescue packages added to the national debt was poorly explained , went undefended , and became an invitation for Republican demagoguery .
But it is not that the GOP has offered any better ideas .
As I take it , from the Republican rhetoric of the last year , the party 's proposed cure for the accumulating debt is to chop taxes for the rich , preserve wasteful Medicare spending , show up at the ribbon - cutting ceremonies for local pork projects , and increase the Pentagon budget -- somehow , magically , without adding to the deficit .
And now , as my colleague Peter Roff warns , the Democrats have a not - so - secret plan to raise taxes !
Well , in this case , we can't fault the Democrats for hiding their light under a bushel .
There is nothing remotely secret about what Democrats campaigning in 2004 , 2006 , and 2008 proposed to do with the expiring Bush tax cuts .
You would have to have been traveling on the Starship Enterprise , visiting distant galaxies for the last eight years , to find it surprising that Obama wants to extend only those tax cuts that benefit families earning under $ 250,000 a year .
It 's been Democratic Party policy for all that time , shouted from the rooftops , written into party platforms , loudly advocated at debates .
The Democrats have been upfront , loud , and honest about their plan to close the gap between what the government takes in and what it spends :
Tax the rich .
You may be rich , and not like it .
You may have ideological problems with any form of taxation .
You may just not like Barack Obama .
But the choice has been clear , and in the 2006 and 2008 elections , the voters overwhelmingly endorsed the Democratic approach .
Final Fact :
The federal debt that 's been accumulated by the two parties is so stunningly huge that tax increases are inevitable .
If you do n't believe this , get Scotty to beam you up , and move to another planet .
It is pick - your - poison time .
The Democrats , for all their political ineptness , deserve a little credit for 1 ) recognizing this , 2 ) leveling with us , 3 ) aiming the first round of tax hikes at those who have most benefited from the accumulated debt , and 4 ) having the guts to actually do something , as opposed to just saying " No . "
By levying higher taxes on the wealthy , and at banks , hedge fund managers , and multinational corporations that ship U.S. jobs overseas , Obama would raise $ 1.5 trillion in new revenue in his budget to close the deficits over the next decade -- even after cutting middle - class taxes and taxes on small businesses by $ 2.7 trillion .
Level with yourself .
Are you really worried about the national debt ?
Then put your money on the table : Call your Democratic senator or representative and ask them to reduce the size of your expected tax cut , and use the money to close the deficit instead .
There is a reason why the House Republicans , at their televised ( except on Fox ) question session with Obama last week , kept begging the president to stop calling them naysayers .
The American people may be angry right now , but they know demagoguery when they see it , and they do n't much like the fact that the Republicans are not offering solutions .
( If you do n't believe me , just check the poll numbers for congressional Republicans . )
Scott Brown was a great win .
So were the New Jersey and Virginia statehouses .
But the GOP has at least as much to fear from the anti-incumbent mood ( phone home , John McCain ) as their foes -- and maybe more , if the Democrats and Obama get their act together .
See a slide show of the 10 keys to an Obama comeback .
Check out this month 's best political cartoons .
When Apple cofounder Steve Wozniak drops by the office for a visit , it ’s guaranteed to generate at least one video - worthy moment , like the one below .
He was visiting to pitch Fusion - io , a company that ’s engineered a solid - state storage solution that could radically alter the server farm landscape .
( We ’re currently testing a Fusion - io product , but it ’s been slow going since , oddly , the hardware is n’t compatible with Mac. )
Woz does n’t lend his name to very many companies , and the ones he does invest in tend to be a window onto the future .
The clip below will give you a glimpse of where Woz believes computing is headed–and how much evolution is still needed in the computer industry .
Google 's Nexus
One phone has gained kudos for its vivid OLED screen and slim design .
But the lack of multitouch support for its gorgeous display has left some users frustrated .
Now there 's a hack for it .
A developer has modified the Android 2.1 operating system running on the Nexus One to enable multitouch for the device .
Though it enables the feature for the Nexus One browser , for now , it is likely to soon become a part of other applications , such as maps .
Earlier this month , Google launched Nexus
One as the first smartphone that would be sold by the search company itself , rather than a manufacturing or carrier partner .
The Nexus One is designed by HTC and is currently available on T - Mobile ’s network for $ 180 with a two - year contract with T - Mobile .
An unsubsidized version of the phone costs $ 530 .
But the lack of multitouch on the Nexus One has left many users puzzled .
Nexus
One has a touchscreen but users can only tap on it with one finger .
So none of the two - finger pinch - and - zoom gestures that are popular among iPhone users are available .
Google has said it will consider adding the feature in future updates .
The Android community , though , is n't holding its breath .
Steve Kondik , a developer who goes under the nickname Cyanogen , has offered a few files and instructions on code to add multitouch to the device .
" You will initially lose your bookmarks and browser settings by doing this , " he warns .
Hacking the phone could also void its warranty .
But as this video shows , getting multitouch in the Nexus One browser could just be worth it .
Photo : pittaya / Flickr
[ via PC World ]
See Also :
Manli presenta il nuovo Netbook M7 dotato di tecnologia Intel CULV con processore SU4100 da 1,3GHz , chipset Intel GS45 , 2GB di memoria RAM SODIMM DDR3 , connettività Wi - Fi 802.11n e schermo LCD 12,1 ” con retroilluminazione LED .
Opzionali modulo HDSPA e DVB-T / Radio .
Manli , uno dei principali produttori mondiali di schede grafiche , schede madri , netbooks , nettop e prodotti multimediali presenta il nuovo Netbook M7 , dotato , in 25 mm di spessore , di tecnologia Intel CULV con processore SU4100 .
Il nuovo prodotto integra le più recenti tecnologie che migliorano l’esperienza multimediale .
Il nuovo chipset GS45 abbinato allo schermo LCD da 12,1 ” con una risoluzione 1366x768 pixels con retroilluminazione LED , permette infatti di riprodurre agevolmente filmati in alta definizione e titoli Blu - Ray fino 1080P , con una qualità fino ad oggi impensabile per un piccolo Netbook .
I punti di forza del nuovo Netbook M7 sono sicuramente le applicazioni multimediali e l’espandibilità .
Proposto con una batteria agli ioni di litio da 6 celle con un’autonomia di 6 ore , il nuovo M7 di Manli è anche disponibile nella versione con modulo Bluetooth BT2.1 + EDR integrato , modulo HDSPA 3G per l’accesso a Internet ad alta velocità o con sintonizzatore digitale terrestre DVB - T e radio .
Sul fronte della connettività , il nuovo M7 dispone di 3 porte USB 2.0 , lettore di schede di memoria 3 - in - 1 e Webcam da 1.3 Megapixel .
Completano la dotazione l’uscita video HDMI , connettività di rete LAN 10/100 e Wi - fi 802.11n e un disco fisso da 320GB .
Disponibile con colorazione nera , rossa o blu , il nuovo Netbook M7 di Manli è disponibile con sistema operativo Linux , Windows XP o Windows 7 Starter Edition .
Disponibilità sul mercato a partire da Febbraio 2010 , prezzo in via di definizione .
FONTE : CyberMedia & Manli Press Release
Astronomers observe fast growing primitive black holes
Related images
( click to enlarge )
Quasars are active and very powerful black holes at the centre of distant galaxies .
The black holes are extremely massive weighing between 100 million and 10 billion solar masses and rotating around the super massive black hole is a disc of gas and dust .
The inner ring of the disc moves faster than the outer rings .
The movement causes the material in the rings to rub against each other , heating it and causing it to emit light .
Near to the black hole it becomes so hot that X - ray radiation is emitted , farther out ultraviolet light is emitted , then visible light and farthest out infrared radiation .
Even though the radiation is coming from a very small area the size of our solar system , it is so powerful that it can be seen across the universe .
Enormous black holes
" Quasars are a very early stage of galaxies , a sort of baby galaxies " , explains Marianne Vestergaard , astrophysicist at the Dark Cosmology Centre at the Niels Bohr Institute at the University of Copenhagen .
" Most galaxies have a massive black hole with a mass of over a million solar masses , but quasars are different .
Their black holes are active and growing .
The gravity of the black hole gradually pulls the surrounding material of gas and dust into the black hole , which consequently slowly grows heavier and larger .
The disc of gas and dust is also resupplied with material from the galaxy , so the quasar can grow into some of the most massive objects known in the universe , second to galaxies " , explains Marianne Vestergaard .
But why do quasars always resemble each other ?
The researchers had wondered about this and their new research revealed something else .
Together with colleagues from the US and Germany she observed 21 quasars in the distant universe , when it was only 800 million years old ( it is currently 13.7 billion years old ) .
" With our new observations we could see that many of them had lots of hot dust , but two quasars did not – they had no sign of hot dust , so we wondered why " , explains Marianne Vestergaard .
Witnesses to the growth of the first black holes
In two of the most distant quasars there are indications that they reside in very young galaxy systems with less dust , where the black hole is growing rapidly .
For these distant black holes , the researchers see that the quasars without hot dust have small black holes , which devour gas at great haste , while the quasars with heavier black holes have more hot dust at the centre .
A possible explanation is that the black holes grow in step with the formation of stars in the galaxy .
An increasing number of stars give an increasing amount of dust .
The farther away in the universe one looks , the farther back in time one sees and astronomers are hunting for galaxies where they can study the formation of the first dust in the universe .
Dust has a great impact on how and how early in the history of the universe stars were formed .
" I appears we have found what are likely primitive first - generation quasars , that are born in a dust - free medium shortly after Big Bang and are now seen at somewhat stages of evolution .
With these quasars showing both rapid growth in both the black hole and the amount of dust , we may have found the young galaxy systems we have long been looking for " , explains Marianne Vestergaard and adds that " it is fantastic that we are witness to this building up of black holes and the amount of heavier elements in the form of dust " .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2010 February 17
Explanation :
Why is this moon of Saturn so smooth ?
This past weekend , humanity 's Saturn - orbiting Cassini spacecraft passed as close to Saturn 's small moon Calypso as it ever has , and imaged the small moon in unprecedented detail .
Pictured above is an early return , raw , unprocessed image of the 20 - km long irregularly shaped moon .
Like its sister moon Telesto and the shepherd moon Pandora , Calypso has shown itself to be unusually smooth , much smoother than most of Saturn 's larger moons .
A leading hypothesis for Calypso 's smoothness is that much of the moon 's surface is actually a relatively loose jumble of rubble -- making Calypso a rubble - pile moon .
The loose nature of the small ice pieces allows them to fill in many small craters and other surface features .
Calypso orbits Saturn always behind Saturn 's much larger moon Tethys , whereas Telesto's orbit always precedes Tethys .
Calypso's extremely white surface -- not unlike fresh snow -- may result from the continuous accumulation of fresh ice particles falling in from Saturn 's E ring .
Adding this PPA to your system
You can update your system with unsupported packages from this untrusted PPA by adding ppa:bchesneau / gunicorn to your system 's Software Sources .
( Read about installing )
sudo add - apt - repository ppa:bchesneau / gunicorn sudo apt - get update
Technical details about this PPA
This PPA can be added to your system manually by copying the lines below and adding them to your system 's software sources .
Display sources .list entries for : Choose your Ubuntu version Maverick ( 10.10 ) Lucid ( 10.04 ) Karmic ( 9.10 ) deb
http://ppa.launchpad.net/bchesneau/gunicorn/ubuntu
YOUR_UBUNTU_VERSION_HERE
main deb-src
http://ppa.launchpad.net/bchesneau/gunicorn/ubuntu
YOUR_UBUNTU_VERSION_HERE
main Signing key : 1024R/49AEEDFF5CDCD82CEA8AB4DABC981A8115E5EB06
( What is this ? )
Fingerprint : 49AEEDFF5CDCD82CEA8AB4DABC981A8115E5EB06
For questions and bugs with software in this PPA please contact Benoit Chesneau .
One of the most ridiculous claims recently related to Menne et al 2010 and my surfacestations project was a claim made by DeSmogBlog ( and Huffington Post who carried the story also ) is that the “ Urban Heat Island Myth is Dead “ .
To clarify for these folks : Elvis is dead , UHI is not .
For disbelievers , let ’s look at a few cases showing UHI to be alive and well .
CASE 1 : I ’ve measured it myself , in the city of Reno for example :
The UHI signature of Reno , NV – Click for larger image
Read the story of how I created this graph here
The procedure and raw data is there if you want to check my work .
I chose Reno for two reasons .
It was close to me , and it is the centerpiece of a NOAA training manual on how to site weather stations to avoid UHI effects .
CASE 2 : NOAA shows their own measurements that mesh well with mine :
To back that up , the NOAA National Weather Service includes the UHI factor in one of it ’s training course ( NOAA Professional Competency Unit 6 ) using Reno , NV .
In the PCU6 they were also kind enough to provide a photo essay of their own as well as a graph .
You can click the aerial photo to get a Google Earth interactive view of the area .
The ASOS USHCN station is right between the runways .
This is NOAA ’s graph showing the changes to the official climate record when they made station moves :
Source for 24a and 24b : NOAA Internal Training manual , 2004 - 2007
Oops , moving the station south caused a cooling .
Fixed now , all better .
What is striking about this is that here we have NOAA documenting the effects of an “ urban heat bubble ” something that DeSmog Blog says ” is dead ” , plus we have NOAA documenting a USHCN site with known issues , held up as a bad example for training the operational folks , being used in a case study for the new USHCN2 system .
So if NOAA trains for UHI placement , I ’m comfortable in saying that DesmogBlog claims of UHI being “ dead ” are pure rubbish .
But let ’s not stop there .
CASE 3 : From an embattled scientist .
A paper in JGR that slipped in 2007 without much notice ( but known now thanks to Warwick Hughes ) is one from Phil Jones , the “ former ” director of the Hadley Climate Center in the UK .
The paper is titled : Urbanization effects in large - scale temperature records , with an emphasis on China
In it , Jones identifies an urban warming signal in China of 0.1 degrees C per decade .
Or , if you prefer , 1 degree C per century .
Not negligible by any means .
Here is the abstract :
Global surface temperature trends , based on land and marine data , show warming of about 0.8 °C over the last 100 years .
This rate of warming is sometimes questioned because of the existence of well - known Urban Heat Islands ( UHIs ) .
We show examples of the UHIs at London and Vienna , where city center sites are warmer than surrounding rural locations .
Both of these UHIs however do not contribute to warming trends over the 20th century because the influences of the cities on surface temperatures have not changed over this time .
In the main part of the paper , for China , we compare a new homogenized station data set with gridded temperature products and attempt to assess possible urban influences using sea surface temperature ( SST ) data sets for the area east of the Chinese mainland .
We show that all the land - based data sets for China agree exceptionally well and that their residual warming compared to the SST series since 1951 is relatively small compared to the large - scale warming .
Urban -related warming over China is shown to be about 0.1 °C decade −1 over the period 1951 –2004 , with true climatic warming accounting for 0.81 °C over this period .
Even though Jones tries to minimize the UHI effect elsewhere , saying the UHI trends do n’t contribute to warming in London and Vienna , what is notable about the paper is that Jones has been minimizing the UHI issues for years and now does an about face on China .
Jones may have tried to hide CRU data , but he ’s right about China .
CASE 4 : From “ The Dog ate My Data ” who writes :
The Australian Bureau of Meteorology ( BOM ) blames Melbourne ’s equal warmest overnight temperature of 30.6 degrees , on January 12 on the heat island effect .
The previous time the city was that hot overnight was February 1 , 1902 .
The Age newspaper cites a meteorologist at the bureau , Harvey Stern ,
Melbourne recorded its equal warmest overnight temperature , 30.6 degrees , on January 12 .
The previous time the city was that hot overnight was February 1 , 1902 .
A meteorologist at the bureau , Harvey Stern , said that Melbourne suffered from a heat island effect , in which a city is warmer than the surrounding countryside .
This was the case especially at night , because of heat stored in bricks and concrete and trapped between close - packed buildings .
I am stunned if that is correct firstly because BOM is n’t blaming Global Warming and secondly that the urban heat island effect directly receives the blame .
With faults in the 2007 IPCC ’s AR4 now pouring out I guess it is not suprising that attributions of weather events are now , shall we say , possibly becoming more circumspect .
CASE 5 : Heatzilla stomps Tokyo
From the website “ science of doom ” who writes :
New Research from Japan
Detection of urban warming in recent temperature trends in Japan by Fumiaki Fujibe was published in the International Journal of Climatology ( 2009 ) .
It is a very interesting paper which I ’ll comment on in this post .
The abstract reads :
The contribution of urban effects on recent temperature trends in Japan was analysed using data at 561 stations for 27 years ( March 1979 – February 2006 ) .
Stations were categorized according to the population density of surrounding few kilometres .
There is a warming trend of 0.3 – 0.4 °C / decade even for stations with low population density ( < 100 people per square kilometre ) , indicating that the recent temperature increase is largely contributed by background climatic change .
On the other hand , anomalous warming trend is detected for stations with larger population density .
Even for only weakly populated sites with population density of 100 – 300 / km2 , there is an anomalous trend of 0.03 –0.05 °C / decade .
This fact suggests that urban warming is detectable not only at large cities but also at slightly urbanized sites in Japan .
Copyright , 2008 Royal Meteorological Society .
Why the last 27 years ?
The author first compares the temperature over 100 years as measured in Tokyo in the central business district with that in Hachijo Island , 300 km south .
Tokyo – 3.1 °C rise over 100 years ( 1906 - 2006 )
Hachijo Island – 0.6 °C over the same period
This certainly indicates a problem , but to do a thorough study over the last 100 years is impossible because most temperature stations with a long history are in urban areas .
However , at the end of the 1970 ’s , the Automated Meteorological Data Acquisition System ( AMeDAS ) was deployed around Japan providing hourly temperature data at 800 stations .
The temperature data from these are the basis for the paper .
The 27 years coincides with the large temperature rise ( see above ) of around 0.3 - 0.4 °C globally .
And the IPCC ( 2007 ) summarized the northern hemisphere land - based temperature measurements from 1979 - 2005 as 0.3 °C per decade .
How was Urbanization measured ?
The degree of urbanization around each site was calculated from grid data of population and land use , because city populations often used as an index of urban size ( Oke , 1973 ; Karl et al. , 1988 ; Fujibe , 1995 ) might not be representative of the thermal environment of a site located outside the central area of a city .
What were the Results ?
Mean temperature anomaly vs population density , Japan
The x-axis , D3 , is a measure of population density .
T’mean is the change in the mean temperature per decade .
Tmean is the average of all of the hourly temperature measurements , it is not the average of Tmax and Tmin .
Notice the large scatter – this shows why having a large sample is necessary .
However , in spite of that , there is a clear trend which demonstrates the UHI effect .
There is large scatter among stations , indicating the dominance of local factors ’ characteristic to each station .
Nevertheless , there is a positive correlation of 0.455 ( Tmean = 0.071 logD3 + 0.262 °C ) , which is significant at the 1 % level , between logD3 and Tmean .
Here ’s the data summarized with T’mean as well as the T’max and T’min values .
Note that D3 is population per km2 around the point of temperature measurement , and remember that the temperature values are changes per decade :
The effect of UHI demonstrated in various population densities
Note that , as observed by many researchers in other regions , especially Roger Pielke Sr , the Tmin values are the most problematic – demonstrating the largest UHI effect .
Average temperatures for land - based stations globally are currently calculated from the average of Tmax and Tmin , and in many areas globally it is the Tmin which has shown the largest anomalies .
But back to our topic under discussion ..
And for those confused about how the Tmean can be lower than the Tmin value in each population category , it is because we are measuring anomalies from decade to decade .
And the graphs showing the temperature anomalies by category ( population density ) :
Dependence of Tmean , Tmax and Tmin on population density for different regions in Japan
Quantifying the UHI value
Now the author carries out an interesting step :
As an index of net urban trend , the departure of T from its average for surrounding non-urban stations was used on the assumption that regional warming was locally uniform .
That is , he calculates the temperature deviation in each station in category 3 - 6 with the locally relevant category 1 and 2 ( rural ) stations .
( There were not enough category 1 stations to do it with just category 1 ) .
The calculation takes into account how far away the “ rural ” stations are , so that more weight is given to closer stations .
Estimate of actual UHI by referencing the closest rural stations – again categorized by population density
And the relevant table :
Temperature delta from nearby rural areas vs population density
Conclusion
Here ’s what the author has to say :
On the one hand , it indicates the presence of warming trend over 0.3 °C / decade in Japan , even at non-urban stations .
This fact confirms that recent rapid warming at Japanese cities is largely attributable to background temperature rise on the large scale , rather than the development of urban heat islands .
.. However , the analysis has also revealed the presence of significant urban anomaly .
The anomalous trend for the category 6 , with population density over 3000 km−2 or urban surface coverage over 50 % , is about 0.1 °C / decade .. .. This value may be small in comparison to the background warming trend in the last few decades , but they can have substantial magnitude when compared with the centennial global trend , which is estimated to be 0.74 °C / century for 1906 –2005 ( IPCC , 2007 ) .
It therefore requires careful analysis to avoid urban influences in evaluating long - term temperature changes .
So , in this very thorough study , in Japan at least , the temperature rise that has been measured over the last few decades is a solid result .
The temperature increase from 1979 – 2006 has been around 0.3°C / decade
However , in the larger cities the actual measurement will be overstated by 25 % .
And in a time of lower temperature rise , the UHI may be swamping the real signal .
The degree of urbanization around each site was calculated from grid data of population and land use , because city populations often used as an index of urban size ( Oke , 1973 ; Karl et al. , 1988 ; Fujibe , 1995 ) might not be representative of the thermal environment of a site located outside the central area of a city .
Case 6 : California Counties by population show a distinct UHI signature .
My friend Jim Goodridge , former California State Climatologist identified the statewide UHI signature issues way back in 1996 .
This graph had a profound effect on me , becuase it was the one that really made an impact on me , switching my views to being skeptical .
Yes , I used to be a warmer , but that ’s another story .
Goodridge , J.D. ( 1996 ) Comments on “ Regional Simulations of Greenhouse Warming including Natural Variability ” .
Bull , Amer. Meteorological Society 77:1588-1599 .
Goodrich ( 1996 ) showed the importance of urbanization to temperatures in his study of California counties in 1996 .
He found for counties with a million or more population the warming from 1910 to 1995 was 4 F , for counties with 100,000 to 1 million it was 1 F and for counties with less than 100,000 there was no change ( 0.1F ) .
He ’s been quietly toiling away in his retirement on his computer for the last 15 years or so making all sort of data comparisons .
One plot which he shared with me in 2003 is a 104 year plot map of California showing station trends after painstakingly hand entering data into an Excel spreadsheet and plotting slopes of the data to produce trend dots .
He used every good continuous piece of data he could get his hands on , no adjusted data like the climate modelers use , only raw from Cooperative Observing Stations , CDF stations , Weather Service Office ’s and Municipal stations .
The results are quite interesting .
Here it is :
I ’ll have more interesting revelations from Jim Goodridge soon .
Case 7 : NASA JPL ’s climatologist says UHI is an issue
This press release from NASA Jet Propulsion Lab says that most of the increase in temperature has to do with ubanization :
[ NASA ’s JPL Bill ]
Patzert says global warming due to increasing greenhouse gases is responsible for some of the overall heating observed in Los Angeles and the rest of California .
Most of the increase in heat days and length of heat waves , however , is due to a phenomenon called the “ urban heat island effect . ”
Heat island - induced heat waves are a growing concern for urban and suburban dwellers worldwide .
According to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , studies around the world have shown that this effect makes urban areas from 2 to 10 degrees Fahrenheit ( 1 to 6 degrees Celsius ) warmer than their surrounding rural areas .
Patzert says this effect is steadily warming Southern California , though more modestly than some larger urban areas around the world .
“ Dramatic urbanization has resulted in an extreme makeover for Southern California , with more homes , lawns , shopping centers , traffic , freeways and agriculture , all absorbing and retaining solar radiation , making our megalopolis warmer , ” Patzert said .
CASE 8 : You can see it from space .
NASA ( not the GISS division ) measures it .
Here ’s a report they presented at the last AGU meeting in December 2009 .
Gee , that curve below looks like Reno , NV , does n’t it ?
› Larger image
NASA researchers studying urban landscapes have found that the intensity of the “ heat island ” created by a city depends on the ecosystem it replaced and on the regional climate .
Urban areas developed in arid and semi-arid regions show far less heating compared with the surrounding countryside than cities built amid forested and temperate climates .
“ The placement and structure of cities — and what was there before — really does matter , ” said Marc Imhoff , biologist and remote sensing specialist at NASA ’s Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Md. “ The amount of the heat differential between the city and the surrounding environment depends on how much of the ground is covered by trees and vegetation .
Understanding urban heating will be important for building new cities and retrofitting existing ones . ”
Goddard researchers including Imhoff , Lahouari Bounoua , Ping Zhang , and Robert Wolfe presented their findings on Dec. 16 in San Francisco at the Fall Meeting of the American Geophysical Union .
› Larger image ( suburban )
› Larger image ( urban )
Yep , UHI is alive and well .
Anybody with an automobile dashboard thermometer who drives a commute from country to city can easily measure UHI , and you do n’t have to be a climate scientist to prove it to yourself .
UPDATE : For a primer on how UHI is not dealt with by NOAA and CRU , have a look at this Climate Audit post :
Realclimate and Disinformation on UHI
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
View Transcript
Transcript
The Boss says , " Our CEO wants to share his good fortune with all employees . "
The Boss says , " He invites all of you to visit his winery and buy his non-award - winning wine at nearly retail prices . "
The Boss says , " He asks that you not park your helicopters near his human chess board because it frightens the dwarves . "
Imagine an alarm clock that donates your money to causes you hate whenever you hit the snooze button .
You 'd get up then , would n't you ?
" The Sn?zNL ? z uses the very complex psychological phenomemon known as
' HATRED '...
Just plug your Sn?zNL?z in and either connect it to your network via the RJ45 jack on the back , or via WiFi ( WPA supported ) ... select your online banking institution ... select your favorite HATED charity or non-profit from the included lists ( over 6200 currently supported ) .
Then plug in your donation amount per snooze incident ( $ 10 or more ) , set the time , and alarm , and voila , instant time profit ! "
Sold by ThinkGeek for $ 40 , the WiFi Donation Alarm Clock is sure to awaken political somnabulists .
Or get hurled into a wall .
One of the two .
Product Page [ Thinkgeek via Kottke ]
An Israeli has been killed by his own forces in a border incident in which three Palestinians illegally crossing the border from Gaza were seized .
The Israeli army said the Palestinians were unarmed and thought to be looking for work when they were stopped .
A second Israeli army unit arrived and opened fire , mistaking the first unit for the Palestinian suspects .
Tensions have risen in the region despite US efforts to revive stalled Israeli - Palestinian peace talks .
Israeli media reported that the soldier killed was a member of a tank crew who had left their vehicle to approach the Gaza border near Kissufim to detain the Palestinians .
A patrol from another unit arrived on the scene and opened fire by mistake .
The Israeli military is investigating the incident .
NOTE : I , Timoni Grone , did not write this .
Dave Wineman wrote this .
This is a reblog of his post .
A conversation I have every month or so , by dwineman :
Me : ( tries to visit a local restaurant ’s website via iPhone )
Restaurant website : I require Flash .
Fuck off .
Me : I just want to know how late you ’re open .
Website : Nope .
Me : But I ’m on my phone .
Do n’t you have a little “ HTML Version ” link up in the corner or something ?
Website : I ’m ignoring you .
Me :
What if I ’m on my phone because I ’m out , looking for a place to eat ?
Did n’t that ever occur to you ?
Website : Fuck entirely off .
Me : ( gives up , switches to computer )
Website : Oh !
Hi !
What can I help you with today ?
Me :
What are your —
Website : Hang on , I ’m loading the music .
Me : Really .
Website : You ’ll love it .
It ’s “ Girl from Ipanema ” arranged for steel drum and keytar .
Me : No , you do n’t have to —
Website : Loading …
Me : All I want is —
Website : I SAID DOT DOT DOT .
Me : ( drums fingers on desk )
Website :
There we go .
Is n’t that nice ?
It ’s… what ’s the word .
Ethnicky .
Me : What are your hours ?
Website : Take a look at our menu !
It ’s a PDF of a screenshot of a scan of a Word document printed on a dishtowel .
With fonts !
Me : I do n’t care .
What are your hours ?
Website : Do n’t worry , the menu loads in a new window so the music wo n’t stop .
Can I show you some broken images ?
Me : What .
Are . Your .
Hou .
Rs .
Website : I… I do n’t know .
Me : ( goes to Denny ’s )
Goodness this is so true .
— Timoni
Birthday Boy
Author : Ian Rennie
I sit alone in the dark , the birthday boy .
I could have left the lights on , but with only a couple of minutes to go it hadnâ€™t seemed worth it .
Typical , really .
Well , this is it .
Or this was it , at least .
They had taken the neural snapshot four minutes ago , and they were already at work reviving me .
“ Me ” , funny word to use about someone I ’ll never be .
Was it always like this ?
I suppose I ’ll never know .
This was a conscious choice , as little comfort as that gives me now .
Most people did the refresh on a five or ten year cycle , but not me .
I wanted to be twenty one forever , never see the slow spread of age reminding me of how mortal I was .
A perfect year after a perfect year , that ’s what I was after , and that ’s what I ’ve got , sort of .
Every year on my birthday , they make a perfect digital copy of my brain and put it in the new body .
To stop there being two of me running round , they send a shutdown signal to the old body ’s brain .
It takes exactly ten minutes to propagate , by which time the new me is up and about and 21 again .
Only I ’m six minutes the wrong side of that copy , now .
I ca n’t see much any more .
Everything ’s starting to fade .
I ’d never been on this side before , clearly .
This was an experience I – or he – will never learn from .
Shame , really , because all I want to do is grab myself by the shoulders and yell in my face , telling myself it ’s not worth it , living forever by dying every year .
Too late now .
It will always be too late , I expect .
I can just make out the digital display on the clock .
30 seconds left .
Happy birthday to me
Happy birthday
To …
The 365 Tomorrows Free Podcast : Voices of Tomorrow
This is your future : Submit your stories to 365 Tomorrows
Share this :
Share
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Twitter
With its anthropomorphic form , the Bouloum was named after a childhood friend of its designer , Olivier Mourgue , who took the charismatic seat with him when he travelled … even going so far as photographing it in various situations and writing anecdotes .
As comfortable as it is provocative , one simply must experience the Bouloum to fully understand it .
Playful and practical , Bouloum is in the permanent collection of the Museum of Modern Art in New York .
The price for this chaise lounge is $ 950.00 .
This plugin requires PHP 5.6.0 or higher .
Please contact your hosting provider about upgrading your server software .
Your PHP version is 5.4.45
Key US lawmakers passed legislation Thursday extending three key provisions of the PATRIOT Act , the sweeping intelligence bill enacted after the September 11 , 2001 attacks .
Backing a White House request , the Senate Judiciary Committee passed the measure 11 votes to 8 to extend until 2013 three clauses that would have expired by 31 December .
The bill now heads to the full Senate for a vote .
ADVERTISEMENT
The provisions include the “ roving wiretap ” clause , used to monitor mobile communications of individuals using multiple telephone lines , and the “ lone - wolf ” provision , which enables spying on individuals suspected of terrorist activity but with no obvious connection to extremist groups .
Lawmakers also extended the life of controversial section 215 , known as the “ library records provision ” that allows government agencies to access individual ’s library history .
The committee had earlier met in a closed - door meeting with members of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the intelligence community on ensuring their actions would not impede investigations already underway .
The senators also debated freeing up law enforcement actions that have been hampered by legislation and court rulings since the first program was launched by former president George W. Bush in the wake of 9/11 , which enabled collecting sensitive information for years without a court order .
Republicans senators have remained critical of placing restrictions on the intelligence community , saying they should more of a free hand in the early stages of investigations .
ADVERTISEMENT
But their Democratic counterparts have decried the fact that the provisions still do not in their view adequately respect the privacy of ordinary Americans .
Democratic Senator Russ Feingold said he feared handing a “ blank check ” to law enforcement agencies and criticized the Democrat - controlled committee for not passing safeguards that even Republicans supported during the Bush administration .
“ Among the most significant problems is the failure to include an improved standard for Section 215 orders , even though a Republican controlled Judiciary Committee unanimously supported including the same standard in 2005 , ” he said in a media advisory .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ But what was most upsetting was the apparent willingness of too many members to defer completely to behind the scenes complaints from the FBI and the Justice Department , even though the administration has yet to take a public position on any of the improvements that I and other senators have proposed . …
[ While ]
I am left scratching my head trying to understand how a committee controlled by a wide Democratic margin could support the bill it approved today , I will continue to work with my colleagues to try to make improvements to this bill . ”
Michael Macleod - Ball , acting director of the American Civil Liberties Union ’s Washington legislative office said the rights group was “ disappointed ” that further moves were not made to protect civil liberties .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ This truly was a missed opportunity for the Senate Judiciary Committee to right the wrongs of the PATRIOT Act , ” he said .
“ We urge the Senate to adopt amendments on the floor that will bring this bill in line with the Constitution . ”
With AFP .
Hi , I'm Mary , I love to cook , I love to eat and I especially love the company of those who understand the quest for that one perfect bite .
Read more about me here .
LONG BEACH , California – If Microsoft founder Bill Gates unleashes more mosquitoes at this year 's Technology , Entertainment and Design conference , Nathan Myhrvold will be ready for him .
Myhrvold demonstrated a " Death Star " laser gun designed to track and shoot mosquitoes in flight .
The device was crafted from parts purchased on eBay by scientists at Myhrvold 's Intellectual Ventures Laboratory .
As Myhrvold explained , a child dies every 43 seconds from malaria .
Current methods for eradicating the disease are n't working very well .
There 's no viable vaccine yet , and although mosquito nets work , people do n't always use them .
When given free nets by public health organizations , many people in the developing world use the nets for fishing instead .
So until the time comes when malaria can be controlled , Intellectual Ventures thought it might be a good idea to try to control mosquitoes .
Myhrvold 's team demonstrated the system onstage using a green laser light rather than a real laser for safety reasons .
They let loose mosquitoes in a glass box rigged with a camera on one side of the stage , then pointed the laser device at the box .
The laser lights quickly located the mosquitoes in flight .
After the live demo , Myhrvold showed a – video depicting mosquitoes being zapped for real in flight .
They 're currently examining how cost effective it would be to deploy the device in places like Africa .
YouTube fans , of course , know that Myhrvold 's crew did n't invent the idea of the mosquito zapper .
In 2005 , two Dutch video makers created a spoof commercial for the Star Wars Mosquito Defense System .
A few minutes spent setting it up in your home and " there is no spot at all where the mosquito is safe . "
But do n't stop there .
You can adjust the system to destroy all irritating elements in your surroundings .
For instance the neighbor 's cat .
Or the neighbor 's house .
Or undesirable planets .
Presumably , Myrhvold 's zapper does n't go that far .
Ciudad de M�xico | Domingo 28 de marzo de 2010
HORACIO JIM�NEZ | El Universal
20:33
[ email protected ]
Al concluir su gira electoral de fin de semana por el estado de Oaxaca , al l�der nacional del PAN , C�sar Nava , y su candidato a la gubernatura de la entidad , les bajaron el switch .
El acto masivo , que se desarroll� en la plaza principal de la capital de Oaxaca , fue interrumpido por un corte de energ �a el�ctrica y tuvo que suspenderse .
Nava y Gabino
Cu� realizaban un mitin frente a cientos de panistas oaxaque�os .
" Con estos actos , como el corte de energ�a , se pretende detener a la alianza y a Gabino , y los responsables son aquellos que tienen miedo de perder sus privilegios .
Privilegios que por a�os , d�cadas , han mantenido " , asever � Nava .
El dirigente panista asegur� que est�n acostumbrados a toda clase de obst�culos .
" ( Pero ) el cambio en Oaxaca no lo paran cortando la corriente , pues el entusiasmo de la gente est� por encima de cualquier corte el�ctrico " .
fml
�
�
Is continuing to justify the disastrous decision to go to war in Iraq so important to John McCain that he is even willing to dismiss the sacrifices still being made by our men and women in the military ?
From a March 13 , 2010 town hall in Nashua , New Hampshire :
There 's a lot of other issues that I , we 'd like to [ inaudible ] , but I 'd just wanted to say again because our veterans are here , that I 'm happy to tell you that elections in Iraq went okay .
Look , democracy is a hard thing , but it was a contested election and there 's no other country in the Middle East besides Israel where there 's a contested election .
And the most importantly than that , now for three months , there has not been a single American service member killed or wounded in Iraq .
In the three months prior to McCain 's statement , twelve U.S. service members were killed in Iraq and at least 89 were wounded .
The policy is rooted in several concerns , including potential legal liability ; the higher cost of hiring better - trained , better - equipped guards or police officers ; and a belief among transit officials that the tunnel was safe , Mr. Jacobson said .
Last year , only two arrests for assault were made in the tunnel , he said .
Now , said Harold Taniguchi , the head of the County Transportation Department , which oversees the transit agency , “ we are reviewing everything . ”
The county has temporarily assigned armed sheriff ’s deputies to each of the five stations while it considers revising its private security contract .
Until last week , it often had no more than two regular armed police officers patrolling the entire tunnel .
Typically , at least two private guards are on duty at each station .
Image Private security guards were on duty last Thursday at the Downtown Seattle Transit Tunnel .
Credit ... Stuart Isett for The New York Times
The reluctance of the guards to intervene alarmed many people and has increased scrutiny of the transit agency .
In interviews at the Westlake Station one night last week , many people said that the guards ’ behavior , as much as the crime , was what stunned them most .
Many said they thought they would have acted differently , regardless of company policy .
A spokesman for Olympic Security Services , the company that employs the guards , said that all four who appeared in the surveillance video had good employee records and that one had been reassigned since the beating .
“ Under the county policy , they did what they were supposed to , ‘ Observe and report , ’ ” said the spokesman , Laird Harris .
“ The question is , could they have done more ? ”
Jeff Flint , the executive director of the National Association of Security Companies , of which Olympic Security Services is not a member , said that it was not unusual for contracts to prohibit private guards from intervening in crimes , largely to protect against liability and keep costs down , but that a major transportation hub seemed like an unusual place for such terms to be applied .
JERUSALEM — Hours after Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. vowed unyielding American support for Israel ’s security here on Tuesday , Israel ’s Interior Ministry announced 1,600 new housing units for Jews in East Jerusalem .
Mr. Biden condemned the move as “ precisely the kind of step that undermines the trust we need right now . ”
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was clearly embarrassed at the move by his interior minister , Eli Yishai , leader of the right - wing Shas Party , who has made Jewish settlement in East Jerusalem one of his central causes .
A statement issued in the name of the Interior Ministry but distributed by the prime minister ’s office said that the housing plan was three years in the making and that its announcement was procedural and unrelated to Mr. Biden ’s visit .
It added that Mr. Netanyahu had just been informed of it himself .
Mr. Netanyahu supports Jewish settlement in East Jerusalem , yet wants to get new talks with the Palestinians going and to maintain strong relations with Washington .
But when he formed his coalition a year ago he joined forces with several right - wing parties , and has since found it hard to keep them in line .
Metal Insider recently got a chance to talk to one of metal ’s reigning personalities , Megadeth frontman Dave Mustaine .
Yesterday we posted part of our chat with the always outspoken Mustaine bemusedly questioning humanity after losing his wallet .
Today he opens up about the “ Big 4 Tour ” rumors , how Endgame is going to bring back heavy metal , how his body of work ties in with world events , and his sprituality .
among other things .
So I ’m going to start with the elephant in the room that I ’m sure you ’re getting asked at every single interview lately .
The Big Four Tour with Megadeth , Slayer , Metallica and Anthrax , any truth to that rumor ?
You know , there ’s no way to answer any questions about Metallica for me .
If I answer them politely , I get reamed .
If I answer them funny , I get reamed .
If I say something like when I said I believed my record was better than theirs , and even in that comment I said that they ’ve got plenty of records that are better than anything that I ’ve done , except this one …
And for once it ’s nice to be on the opposite side .
That was taken apart .
“ I think my record ’s better than theirs . ”
Well you did n’t finish the sentence you twat .
I have no desire to answer any questions , at all , about Metallica .
If something comes up , you ’ll know , but as far as I ’m concerned I ca n’t say anything about those guys and I wo n’t .
Fair enough , I ’m definitely not trying to draw you into controversy .
It ’s not you my friend , it ’s the readers and the listeners .
And then it ’s the tabloid rag sensationalism writers that do n’t really deserve a place in the metal community because one of the things that was really great about the metal community is we were n’t these back - biting bottom feeders that we ’ve become right now .
In the beginning it was all about a sense of community .
The writers and the bands were friends of one another .
They had the right and they had the respect of the bands even to give their opinion about the music , while you might not have gotten a great review , it was n’t one of these reviews where you walk away feeling like you ’re subhuman , and ‘ god , what a dumbass I am to have written such a stupid record . ’
When you walk away feeling like that and you ’re the artist and they ’re not , it just makes you feel kind of dirty .
There ’s some magazines that I can’t even read anymore .
Magazines in the beginning that were the only credible source of heavy metal , and now they do n’t even cover heavy metal , now it ’s like alternative music and stuff .
How can you cover alternative music if you were built on metal ?
Endgame debuted in the top ten .
How do you feel about that ?
Its breaking down barriers .
It ’s great because I really believe this is going to launch the return of heavy metal in America .
I do n’t think we can do it ourselves .
I ’m not saying just Megadeth are going to relaunch heavy metal .
I ’ve said this is going to be the beginning of the return of heavy metal being really cool in America .
You ’re older than 20 , you remember when girls had tube tops and there were no – products in there .
Now if you find a girl that ’s got real boobs that ’s an anomaly .
I remember when you used to say ‘ Raquel Welch has fake titties , oh my god what are those ?
Fake titties , uh oh . ’
Then you see someone that has real ones , and you ’re like ‘ I did n’t know they made those anymore . ’
I remember in college radio having to literally tape together the sleeve of So Far , So Good , So What because it had been played so much .
I get where you ’re coming from .
So you understand what I ’m saying .
We ’re right now on the verge of a comeback and usually , as sad as this sounds , it is around the world politics .
When Peace Sells … But Whose Buying ?
came out , what was going on then ?
Well we were having a standoff with the Middle East .
When Countdown to Extinction came out , Rust in Peace came out , what was going on with those records ?
Well Rust in Peace , we were having a standoff with Khadafi , and with Countdown , we were having more problems with Saddam Hussein .
Several years later we have another problem , the world is at an absolute mess right now .
And I think when people get to this point they know that they can always rely on heavy metal to understand what you ’re feeling , and to give you that resolve to get up and to go continue the good fight .
That may sound like a Deepak Chopra wearing studded underwear kind of monologue , but for me I really believe in what I do .
I believe in the people that are in it and that ’s why I ’m a champion for the cause of heavy metal .
I told a co-worker that I was interviewing you , and he said “ does he have any idea how “ Holy Wars … The Punishment Due ” holds up today stronger than it even has ? ”
Do you think about that , or is it just another song from your body of work that happens to line up with current events ?
I think it would be absolutely disrespectful to say that “ Holy Wars ” was just another song .
It would be disrespectful to myself to even say that .
It ’s an anthem .
It ’s a song that speaks the truth of every man that is walking the face of the earth right now .
We do n’t know why we kill one another , but we do it .
We go and we blindly follow our leaders and we do n’t even know what we ’re doing .
I just did an interview with [ syndicated radio host ]
Alex Jones the other day and it is so frightening what is going on in politics right now with Obama becoming the president of the UN and the president to the US .
He is the single most powerful man in the world right now .
You can hear the bells of the new world order ringing itself into power .
What do you think of the current regime ?
He ’s my president .
I ’m a patriot .
All I ’m talking about is events and stuff like this .
As far as taking any credibility shots at our president , I would never do that .
I think that looking back when they ’re out of office you can look at an administration ’s work and you can certainly have your opinion , but for me I really try to not be disrespectful to our incumbent president .
It ’s real easy to make fun of Bush because he was just such a clod and he could n’t help it for himself .
I would n’t have the song “ Endgame ” if it were n’t for him .
And thank god for Lou Dobbs because if it was n’t for him he would have never brought to the light this whole thing with NAFTA and with New World Order .
George H. W. Bush said from the podium in the House of Representatives ( that ) he welcomed in the New World Order .
You do n’t say stuff like that .
“ new world ” and “ order ” in a sentence being uttered by a president with no words or pauses in between , that ’s scary .
The other thing too is that when you look at one currency , well we have the euro that ’s already established in Europe and they ’re trying to develop the Amero right now , and once that ’s done you ’ve got world currencies narrowed down now to two huge territories that use a single currency for each one .
That stuff is frightening .
Now do I believe that Jesus was an alien ?
Do I believe in Hanger 18 ?
Do I believe that Obama shook hands with a Martian ?
No , but do I believe that there ’s higher life forms than us ?
It ’s funny when you think about dudes that sit around and eat LSD and they just trip out on the world .
When you really think about what that is , your mind is just being opened up to the splendor of the universe and things are so magnificently made .
When you get to a point in your life where you get grateful , you really start to appreciate stuff .
Sometimes you wonder how come people , when they get older get kind of mellow in their old age .
Well I do n’t know that it ’s mellow , they kind of stop being a prick because they get grateful and some point .
Some people learn really early on to be grateful .
I ’ve been grateful my entire career .
In my personal life there ’s been times where I ’ve been an ingrate , but that ’s part of learning and growing and I made a huge change in my life back in 2002 .
And you know it ’s a daily walk every day .
Sobriety ?
No .
it ’s my faith .
The funniest thing was I was just a gnarly drinker before I became Christian .
Now I can drink .
I can have two glasses of wine and go “ ok , I do n’t like this . ”
And drinking beer , I keep thinking about this one scene in Sex and the City , and the girl was talking to her girlfriend after she just had sex with an older guy and she said “ he ’s really great in bed , ” and they showed the front of him and he ’s like maybe a 50 year old guy and they show him walking away and they switch actors .
They ’ve got this old frumpy man walking away .
She goes “ he ’s really good in bed , but he ’s got a 70 year - old man ’s ass . ”
And I do n’t really think that anyone ’s really gonna see me walking around naked , but I definitely get the message here .
So I ’ve been trying to take really good care of myself and not being a slave to a bottle anymore , that ’s really cool for me .
I can drink with my friends if I want , but I never used to be able to stop .
Now I can and I tried every means imaginable before and it was n’t until I started trying just to listen .
Just listen for a voice other than my own was where things started to get clear for me .
I totally hold all this record to God and to what he ’s gifted me with my playing ability .
Because I ’m rated really high as a guitar player , I know that , but it ’s not by my own doing .
You obviously have faith , it does n’t seem like your records directly address that like other Christian artists .
Is that intentional ?
There was this movie where Steve Martin played a preacher , I ca n’t remember what it was , but you know it was back when he was relevant .
He got busted for being a fake preacher and he goes back out there to talk to everybody because they were all let down .
And he said “ yea , I ’m a gambler , but who better to talk to you about gambling ?
And you know I ’m a drinker and I ’m a womanizer , but who better to understand that stuff than me ? ”
And I ’m thinking that sounds very AA - ish , which goes back to the Bible anyways about a burden shared is a burden lessened , and that whole thing about doing a moral inventory is the same thing about confessing and you ’re turning away from it .
Which is what repent means , it ’s to turn away .
For me , I still say ‘ fuck , ’ it ’s a terrible habit I have .
And I still have some pretty deliciously evil thoughts every once in awhile , but they ’re lesser and fewer and far between .
I think I ’m easier to get along with .
This whole thing with Slayer would n’t have happened if I did n’t have some profound things happen in my life that helped me to mature .
We had our indifferences 19 years ago .
Bottom line is they ’re a great live band , it ’s a good package .
Megadeth is a great live band .
Far be it for me to brag about myself , but the two of us , we ’re two of the veterans of this , and we ’re two of the best at it .
I think when you get Megadeth and Slayer together , the other bands that are going to be playing with us ; they ’ve really got their work cut out for them .
Slayer obviously is n’t too keen on Christianity or religion in general , do you have any qualms about playing with a band like that ?
I do n’t really know where you ’re getting that from because we hear conflicting stories .
Tom is supposed to be a Christian or a Catholic I believe and I believe Dave Lombardo a Christian too , but its none of my business .
I know Kerry ’s a good guy deep down inside .
People do n’t really understand him .
I remember him back from when he was really young and we were friends back then .
Does me praying for Kerry make his butt itch at night ?
But if he knew what I was praying for he ’d probably smile because I ’m personally praying that we ’ll be friends again .
Praying that we ’ll have a great tour and that it will be fun for them to be out with us because three of the guys from Megadeth were n’t even in the band when this happened .
It ’s not their fight .
What I said was 19 years ago and it was regrettable , but it certainly was n’t unprovoked .
We were all just high octane at that time , Mike Muir was out on that tour too , and Muir wanted to fight me if you remember .
I had to go up to him and say look dude if we ’re going to fight , lets fight after the tour like gentleman .
Fortunately for me he respected that because he was a big guy and he probably would have stamped me pretty good .
I doubt that I would have lost .
I do n’t know that anybody does n’t lose .
When you get in a fight there ’s never a winner .
And the thing is I totally respect Mike , always have , but we had this indifference it was so bad .
The problem was I said something and it was taken out of context again by a journalist .
When writing “ Endgame , ” as it was coming together did you know this was going to be one of the best records you ’ve made in a really long time ?
When we were making the record , I was staying pretty accessible through our website .
We did chats and the live line which is a fascinating new website that we developed where we can keep these fans updated every day with audio blogs on what we ’re doing .
The concept is n’t new , but it certainly is a concept on steroids .
I would call in and say what happened in the studio today .
Just the enthusiasm that we had when we would leave the studio after a day of Chris doing his mind blowing solos .
It ’s one thing to hear those solos , it ’s another thing to stand there and watch it .
They have this story about a guy named Paganini who was a violinist who supposedly sold his soul to the devil and I believe that , because I had gotten into witchcraft and my soul belonged to the devil for quite some time .
I had to fight to get that back it was really gnarly .
I did the hexes , they worked .
I watched the people I put the hexes on fall prey to the hex .
Learning all these different things and going forward , you hear these stories about people being possessed and people going “ I do n’t know if I believe that . ”
You know what ?
You do n’t have to believe it because I believe it , and I ’m all I care about when it comes down to my beliefs .
So anyway , Paganini was supposed to have given his soul to the devil .
He had some weird disease in his hand where he did n’t have any joints between his fingers .
There were no knuckles there , but he could do these mind - blowing solos on the violin .
Well what does Chris play ?
Violin , piano , guitar , acoustic , and he plays like 13 hours a day .
I actually had to hold him back in the studio because all he wanted to do was just play all day long .
‘ Ok Chris , stop practicing its time to record . ’
“ Ok I ’ll be right there .
Let me just finish this practice . ”
Chris is mind - blowing .
Like I said , I ca n’t say that enough .
I ’m not using that as a crutch word .
I look at him and my brain goes ‘ that does n’t compute . ’ ”
I ’m looking forward to seeing the new stuff live .
He can do that stuff live that , brother , I swear to god .
Marty used to be able to play like that .
He would look at the audience and he would look at his guitar and the fans would go “ how does he do that . ”
When Chris plays , he ’ll look at the guitar and he ’ll look at the audience and not look back at his guitar .
He just keeps playing and that to me is confidence .
Featured Events :
Borough Calendar :
Historic Marietta Square
Have an event you ’d like to add ?
Let us know !
" A child 's learning is the function more of the characteristics of his classmates than those of the teacher . "
James Coleman , 1972
ChilliFresh was among developers to find their app banned Developers have expressed anger at Apple 's decision to ban some adult - themed applications from its iPhone .
Thousands of apps with adult - themed content have been removed from the store since Friday although some , such as one from Playboy , remain .
Apple has said that certain apps were removed following customer complaints .
Developer Jon Atherton is angry that previously - approved apps have been pulled , and accuses Apple of " experimenting with our livelihoods " .
Apple said it had to respond to its customers .
" It came to the point where we were getting customer complaints from women who found the content getting too degrading and objectionable , as well as parents who were upset with what their kids were able to see , " Phil Schiller , Apple 's senior vice president of product marketing , told the New York Times .
Knee - jerk reaction Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
When asked why some apps with adult content had remained intact he said that Apple took into consideration how " well - known " companies were as well as whether they had " previously published material " .
ChilliFresh is an Australian company that creates apps for the iPhone , including the recently banned Wobble , which allows users to add ' wobble ' functionality to any picture .
The firm markets the app by suggesting people can use it to wobble women 's breasts .
" I 'm now worried the eco-system is run by puritans and is not fair to all players , " developer Jon Atherton said on its website .
" And worst of all it is not a secure source of income .
It can drop to close to zero if they decide to change the rules , " he added .
The firm was making £ 320 a day out of its apps , a figure which has dropped to £ 5 since the ban , he said .
" On Friday evening we got an e-mail out of the blue which basically said , thanks very much but we do n't want you any more .
Apple said it was removing all overtly sexual apps , " he told the BBC .
He said that if Apple was serious about protecting young customers it should allow parents to set controls for devices .
He called on Apple to publish its new guidelines so that developers were clear on what they could and could not do as well as to clarify why not all sex - related apps are affected by the ban .
" My view is that this is a knee - jerk reaction .
Apple is very controlling .
These apps are getting popular but the apps store does n't have an adult section , " he said .
" I 'd have thought there was a technological way of fixing the problem rather than pulling the rug out from under people 's feet , " he added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Contrary to claims by Dick Cheney , Barack Obama has had a solid first year in foreign policy matters , according to Michael O'Hanlon .
| REUTERS
Cheney wrong on Obama slam
Vice President Cheney has been excoriating President Obama ’s foreign policy approach of late , and Republican partisans reportedly sense an opportunity to portray yet another Democratic president as supposedly weak on national security in the coming months .
The last week of 2009 , with an attempted plane bombing in Detroit and tragic attack against CIA operatives in Afghanistan capping off the year , helps set the context for these criticisms .
But in fact , Obama has had a solid first year in foreign policy matters .
By one measure , comparison with other first - year presidents in modern history , Obama ranks with the three or four best since World War II by my estimation - and I write this as someone who opposed Obama during the Democratic primary process of 2007 - 2008 largely because of fears at the time that he would not be strong on national security .
Advertisement
To be sure , Obama ’s first year accomplishments are more in the realm of creating good inputs to policy rather than achieving good outputs .
Results to date have been relatively few , as would be expected of a first - year president , and as Obama himself rightly acknowledged in his December speech in Oslo accepting the Noble Peace Prize .
Indeed , that peace prize was to my mind badly premature .
To his credit , Obama seemed to agree in calling his accomplishments to date “ slight ” by comparison with other prize winners .
The speech itself was good , as were Obama ’s addresses in Prague in April over the future of nuclear weapons and in Cairo in June about U.S. relations with the Islamic world .
But these remarks were more solid , smart , and reasonable than transformational or historic ; my solid assessment of his first year in office is not based on his words , or vision of hope and change , so much as sound policy decisions .
As everything about recent events has underscored , the United States still has literally a world of problems to address , few of them substantially mitigated over the course of 2009 .
But on balance things Obama has gotten a few major matters moving in better directions , limited the damage or found the least - bad policy when faced with a menu of bad choices on other matters , and set the stage for possible future progress elsewhere .
First - year presidents do not tend to perform well on the foreign policy front .
Some did have good years , of course .
George H. W. Bush may be the best example , with progress towards German reunification , major developments in ending of the Cold War , and the successful invasion of Panama to show for 1989 .
Ronald Reagan accelerated the post - Vietnam U.S. defense buildup dramatically in his first year in office .
Eisenhower helped end the Korean War. George W. Bush responded reasonably successfully to 9/11 , though his disdain for ongoing negotiations with the likes of North Korea as well as Palestinian and Israeli interlocutors tainted the year ’s accomplishments , and of course bin Laden got away in the mountains of Tora Bora at the end of 2001 .
Most Democratic presidents had big problems .
Kennedy dealt with the Bay of Pigs .
Johnson starting falling down the slippery slopes of Southeast Asia in a way that set the stage for full - scale American combat involvement in Vietnam in 1965 .
Carter struggled with his effort to balance human rights and national security interests in 1977 ; Clinton struggled with Somalia and Haiti and Bosnia in 1993 .
And of course Republicans had their issues too ; it would be hard to call 1969 a particularly impressive year for Richard Nixon , in light of the escalations Nixon set in motion in Vietnam .
As for Obama , consider first the wars .
He inherited an improving situation in Iraq and very troubled situations in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
And with the help of an outstanding national security team , he made the right calls on all three wars .
In Iraq , campaign rhetoric notwithstanding , he adopted a relatively pragmatic and gradual drawdown plan for U.S. forces there - not too different from what the Bush Administration envisioned as it left the White House .
Rather than pull out all American combat forces within 16 months of his inauguration , as he promised as a candidate , Obama will now take 19 months to bring us down to 50,000 GIs , a pragmatic approach that builds on his predecessor ’s surge of 2007 and 2008 .
Indeed , if Mr. Cheney sought to quarrel with Obama , it would have been more fair to note that in fact , some of Obama ’s successes build on policies that the Bush Administration itself had put into effect - if sometimes quite belatedly .
These include not only the surge in Iraq but the appointment of an outstanding leadership team at the Pentagon in the latter years of the administration , gradual efforts to tighten sanctions on Iran , and the six - party process for North Korean talks finally pursued more sincerely in Bush ’s second term ( over Cheney ’s objections ) .
Even more so , Obama adopted a general approach to homeland security that is rather similar to Bush ’s .
There has been no huge increase in the homeland security budget , no radical makeover of intelligence agencies ( at least not yet ) , no decision to equip every first responder in the country with state of the art gear against chemical and biological agents as many Democrats have long advocated , and no other radical change .
But on Afghanistan and Pakistan , the change has been enormous .
Obama will triple U.S. combat forces in Afghanistan in his first 18 months in office , a remarkably resolute decision for a first - term president .
Here Cheney ’s criticisms are badly off the mark .
The fact that Obama took three months this past fall to approve the second big troop increase of his presidency reflected a natural skepticism about why a second big buildup would do the trick when the first had not , together with a need to use the prospect of American re-commitment as leverage with President Karzai .
On Afghanistan , Obama has been exemplary .
And on Pakistan , a place presenting the United States with no real good options , Obama has more than doubled U.S. aid , solidly backed Pakistan ’s democracy , and intensified the drone strikes that the Bush Administration again deserves some credit for initiating .
These decisions do not guarantee a good outcome , of course , but each of them is prudent and correct .
Obama has done a good job with the great powers too .
Again , actual results to date are limited in number and magnitude .
But the foundations for possible future progress are being established .
His first year included summits with leaders of India and China , high - level engagement with key allies like Japan , and sustained pursuit of Vice President Biden ’s best sound bite of the year — the decision to “ push the reset button ” on relations between Washington and Moscow , leading among other things to adoption of a new and less controversial ( and possibly more effective ) missile defense architecture for Central Europe .
Most of all , any assessment of Obama ’s first year must include numerous “ incompletes . ”
There is a long ways to go on each of the issues and relationships noted above , as well as on other matters such as global economic recovery , trade negotiations , Arab - Israeli peace talks , and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ’s excellent idea to conclude a Quadrennial Diplomacy and Development Review this year .
But for his poise , his deliberateness , his ability to juggle numerous issues , and most of all the quality of his decisions , Obama is off to a very solid start .
Michael O'Hanlon is a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution , specializing in defense and foreign policy issues .
You ’re waking up to an Internet a - Buzz with talk about Google ’s new social sharing experiment .
Opinions are mixed , but mainly concern the current version of Buzz .
So here ’s our thought experiment about its future .
It ’s scary .
Google ’s Buzz presentation started by showing its desktop implementation , and demonstrated how Buzz will be threaded through the Gmail accounts of Google users , acting as a life - casting / status - updating tool , a content - sharing system , and a chat tool .
Right off the bat it even looks at your email and chat history and works out who it thinks your best friends are for Buzzing .
But then Google went on to demonstrate the mobile version of Buzz , which is actually a whole lot more powerful .
Mobile Buzz uses tons of location - based data from your smartphone ’s A - GPS circuitry to work out where you are , and then feeds that information to your Buzz friends , should you chose to transmit it .
It even combines your information to work out your location in a colloquial language –not merely asking , “ Are you at 7 World Trade Center ? ” but rather , “ Are you at work ? ”
Google ’s algorithm then scours through the mass of all ongoing Buzz and shapes some of the content to what it thinks you ’d prefer to see , before delivering to you the “ nearby Buzz . ”
Which will include stuff from friends , people Google thinks you may be interested in hearing from and , of course , companies that may try to sell you their wares .
This mode of operation is like pieces of Twitter , Facebook , Foursquare , Yelp , and a bagful of augmented reality apps all blended into one Google system .
A system that ’s threaded throughout all of the ways you interact with Google–even its primary search engine .
But remember : Google is n’t really a search engine , or a chat tool , or an email provider .
It ’s an online advertisement - pushing juggernaut .
And , assuming Buzz takes off , in just a few iterations of its development this is the sort of Buzz - powered day you could be having .
7 a.m. Smartphone alarm wakes you , and you quickly scan it for emails , SMSs , and Buzz .
Since Google knows you were at the bar last night , it offers you an ad for a hangover cure .
Dems : Send Rush to Costa Rica
Democrats have found a new way to celebrate passing health reform : push Rush Limbaugh to follow through on his promise to head to Costa Rica for medical treatment .
A new Web site -- ATicketForRush.com , built overnight and put online this morning -- is collecting cash to buy Limbaugh a plane ticket to the Central American country .
" First , Rush Limbaugh said on his radio show that if the Healthcare Reform Bill passed , he would go to Costa Rica .
Second , the Health care Reform Bill passed .
As you can imagine , this has made a number of people very excited .
We are among that number , " site creators Mike Rugnetta and Patrick Davison write .
" We want to make sure that Rush is able to make good on his promise , and so we 've made this website . "
On his show earlier this month , Limbaugh threatened to leave the country .
" I ’ll just tell you this , if this passes and it ’s five years from now and all that stuff gets implemented — I am leaving the country .
I ’ll go to Costa Rica , " he said .
The web site is soliciting donations $ 1 at a time , and has promised to use the money for a first class ticket from Limbaugh 's home airport of West Palm Beach , Fla. , to San Jose , the capital of Costa Rica .
If Limbaugh decides not to emigrate south , Davison and Rugnetta say they 'll give the money to the Planned Parenthood Action Fund .
" We thought to ourselves , well , what charity would make Rush Limbaugh the maddest if he found out that money under his name was going toward it ? "
Davison , a freelance digital artist , told POLITICO .
" Gay rights would probably be the one that would fly in his face the most , but we thought that did n't really go with health care . "
-- Kasie Hunt
The prediction about the country 's urban population is grim .
Currently , 35.70 per cent ( about 45 million ) of Bangladesh population lives in cities and towns and this population size is likely to double in 2050 and triple by this century at 100 million .
The rural population is likely to stabilise at about 140 million within the next five years , according to ...
RFMap featured in GQ Australia ( April / May 2012 ) !
You can also have a listen to this podcast of a radio interview I did on with Ian Woolf on 2SER :
" Balint Seeber Mashed Up Radio "
UPDATE : I have written an extensive guide with plenty of screenshots explaining how to use the map to the full .
The contents of the guide can be found to the left of this text ( at the top of this page 's left - hand column ) .
Read it if you wish , or dive right in .
Alternatively , open two tabs / windows and go through the guide while trying it out live .
The Australian Geographical Radio Frequency
Map is a site that overlays all registered RF transmitters on top of Google Maps .
Generic antenna sites are shown with the red RF icon , while mobile base stations are represented by the carrier that operates from the site ( often multiple carriers do , but currently the first is chosen when determining the icon ) .
A mouse - over will give you the site 's description , and a click will tell you who broadcasts from there , and at what frequencies .
Much more is to come ...
Although people by - and - large wo n't be terribly interested in the positions of every antenna in the country , they might be interested in checking how close they are to their nearest mobile base station , how good a carrier 's coverage is in a particular area , and for prospective spectrum purchasers to assess possible interference , etc .
However , having said all that , it is primarily in the ham spirit .
Here is every transmitter site cached in the database , which is fully searchable from the web interface ( shown below ) by location , site name , client details , frequency range , emission designator and callsign :
Here is a browser preview :
Here is what it looks like on the iPhone :
And on the iPad :
Everywhere you look , food is trying to impress you with how natural it is , but the message is vague and often misleading .
What does " organic " actually mean ?
What separates " grass - fed " from " free range " ?
We 're separating real , meaningful labels from eco-hype .
Advertisement
Photo by greenblog .
Even if you could n't care less about the growing media presence and consumer curiosity around food sourcing and handling , it helps to know what you 're getting when you 're forced to pay more for certain goods .
Advertisement
If it was just one government agency that offered semi- descriptive labels , a la the USDA 's meat grades , there would n't be much to talk about outside the shop talk of butchers .
But meat and produce carry a lot of labels and statements these days , ranging from very official imprints to generic terms .
Here 's the Cliff 's Notes version of what you should look for .
The Word " Organic "
This is the biggie among food labels , and one of the most controversial .
It 's a word that sounds black and white — either it grew up naturally and was brought to you without chemicals , hormones , pesticides , or radiation , or it did n't , you 'd think .
But under federal law , any product with " organic " anywhere on its packaging or display materials must contain at least 70 percent organic ingredients .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
To qualify as organic , those ingredients can't contain , or be produced with , any of the following : chemical , additives , synthetics , pesticides , or genetically engineered substances .
That 's the stated law , but , as you might imagine , those criteria can be subject to interpretation , and the USDA 's regulation of the " organic " label has come under questioning .
Photo by Tim Psych .
Advertisement
That said , there are different grades of organic labeling in the U.S.
Here 's how the Washington Post breaks down the differences :
" 100 Percent Organic " products must show an ingredient list , the name and address of the handler ( bottler , distributor , importer , manufacturer , packer , processor ) of the finished product , and the name and seal of the organic certifier .
These products should contain no chemicals , additives , synthetics , pesticides or genetically engineered substances .
" USDA Organic " products must contain at least 95 percent organic ingredients .
The five percent non-organic ingredients could include additives or synthetics if they are on an approved list .
The label must contain a list that identifies the organic , as well as the non-organic , ingredients in the product , and the name of the organic certifier .
" Made With Organic " products must contain at least 70 percent organic ingredients .
The label must contain a list that identifies the organic , as well as the non-organic , ingredients in the product , along with the name of the organic certifier .
Advertisement
" Natural , " " Grass - Fed , " And Other Labels
When it comes to concerns and criteria that the USDA and other government or state bodies do n't regulate , the path to knowledge gets a lot more twisty .
Advertisement
In my research , the most comprehensive resource I 've found to determining what a label really means comes from Consumer Reports ' Eco -Labels verifier , a search and index tool that covers a wide variety of labels .
From generic labels applied in spirit to state - specific co-op certifications , there 's a really good chance anything you 're looking for is in there .
Advertisement
But most people do n't want to head to the store , write down labels , research them at home , then head back out again with a verified shopping list .
So , with Consumer Reports ' permission , I 've taken one of their food label report cards , and broken down the more widely seen labels into categories .
You 'll find far more label - specific footnotes , research , and explanations at their full chart , but these labels , as applied to meat and other foods , have been vetted by Consumer Reports ' researchers and broken down by how meaningful , verifiable , and free of marketing double - speak they are .
Note :
If these label ratings sound harsh , it 's because they are .
They 're based on universal , verified labels , so use your good judgement when all else fails .
If a trustworthy local rancher tells you his meat is free of antibiotics , hormones , and was raised naturally in humane conditions , he may be telling the truth , but not have federated labels to prove it .
You should still buy that product .
All the rest of this is related to larger - market labels you 'll find in bigger stores .
Advertisement
Weak or vague labels :
Antibiotic free
Free range
Free roaming
Hormone free
Natural
No chemicals
If the food you purchase carries one of the labels above , keep in mind that most of them do n't offer strong verification and sourcing chains , are used with inconsistent criteria , and do n't make plain - English standards widely available .
In most cases , they were also developed without public or industry input .
Advertisement
Better , but not conflict - free labels :
No antibiotics administered
No hormones administered
Raised without antibiotics
These labels are backed by organizations that have a consistent methodology and clear conditions for their labeling , and make their standards publicly available .
In all cases , though , they were n't developed by groups outside the selling chain , and lack for public input and examination .
Advertisement
Consistent , if flawed , labels :
Grass fed ( USDA )
Salmon Safe
In the " grass fed " case , it 's held up by the USDA , but many have criticized the inconsistency of application , and the lack of outside review .
Salmon
Safe is mostly consistent and has set standards , but was similarly developed " in-house . "
Advertisement
Certifications with clout :
Aurora Certified Organic
Certified Humane Raised and Handled
Certified Organic , Inc .
Demeter Certified Biodynamic
Food Alliance ( FA )
Global Organic Alliance ( GOA ) - Certified Organic
Guaranteed Organic Certification Agency
Integrity Certified International
International Certification Services , Inc .
NMOCC - Certified Organic
OneCert
Quality Assurance International ( QAI ) - Certified Organic
Quality Certification Services ( QCS )
USDA - Organic
Consumer Reports considers many of these food labels to lack for consistent meaning , but otherwise finds them certain , controlled , and developed by groups with both separation and public accountability .
The USDA " Organic " certification is , as mentioned previously in this post , divided into sub-sets .
Advertisement
Other tools
Advertisement
We 've previously mentioned the Beef Label Decoder as an interactive tool to help you figure out what the label on your USDA Organic beef label is trying to tell you .
If you 're interested in finding out more about your milk , Where Is My Milk From ?
can answer exactly that question , if you type in the stamped code off the top of your carton .
Advertisement
Not included above are many state - wide and regional certification labels , which are , as previously mentioned , covered more in - depth at Consumer Reports ' big label chart and search tool .
That 's our take on slightly simplified food labels .
We 're not farmers , ecologists , or food inspectors , but we gave it our best .
If you 've found another guide that 's easy to grasp and full of helpful detail , do share the link in the comments .
DETROIT --
The Detroit Red Wings were a bundle of energy Saturday despite playing their second game in as many nights and being two forwards short because of injuries .
They outskated the Vancouver Canucks for most of the game , fired a season - high 54 shots on Roberto Luongo and
on Henrik Zetterberg 's goal with 0.3 seconds remaining in overtime .
It earned them five of a possible six points on their Western Canada trip .
After traveling Sunday and quickly getting readjusted to the time difference , they will need a similar energetic effort Monday against the defending Stanley Cup champion Pittsburgh Penguins at Joe Louis Arena .
The Red Wings often are tired and sluggish in their first game after a trip to the West Coast .
They lost 6 - 0 at the New York Islanders on Jan. 12 and dropped a 4 - 3 shootout decision in St. Louis on Feb .
9 .
They hope staying overnight in Vancouver rather than flying home after the game will make a difference .
" Usually when we ( fly after the game ) , we get home around 7:30 in the morning , '' captain Nicklas Lidstrom said .
" It 's hard to sleep on that flight , and all the sudden you feel like you have to sleep all day to catch up .
I think it 's easier to spend the night and then have a travel day . ''
Red Wings coach Mike Babcock added : " It 's a long travel day .
Time changes are tough .
It 's going to be a hard game , but we have to be mentally prepared . ''
Focus should n't be an issue playing against Sidney Crosby , Evgeni Malkin and the Penguins .
They edged Detroit 2 - 1 in a shootout in Pittsburgh on Jan. 31 .
The teams have met in the past two Stanley Cup finals .
" I do n't think it really matters who we play , '' Zetterberg said .
" This time of the season we have to play really hard every game .
Coming home ( from the West Coast ) is tough for us .
We just have to deal with it . ''
They dealt well with their depleted depth at forward , missing Patrick Eaves ( head injury ) and Dan Cleary ( groin injury ) , who are listed as day - to - day .
It helped that Zetterberg turned in one of his best games of the season , registering nine shots on goal and a plus - 3 rating to go along with a goal and an assist .
He had good chemistry with Valtteri Filppula ( goal , two assists ) , his linemate for the past five games .
" ( Zetterberg ) has been a lot better since he started playing with Fil , '' Babcock said .
" He seems to have turned the corner .
He 's feeling better about his game .
All athletes , I do n't care how good you are , confidence is fleeting .
It 's great to have it back . ''
Said Lidstrom : " I thought ( Zetterberg ) was dominant throughout the game .
He was hanging onto the puck .
It 's tough to get the puck away from him when he 's playing like that . ''
Todd Bertuzzi replaced Cleary on Zetterberg 's line and played his best game in several weeks .
He had five shots on goal , crashed the net and was engaged physically .
He ended his 19 - game goal - scoring drought with his first goal since Jan. 23 .
" I did n't like the two turnovers on one shift four - on - four , but I thought he had a good night , '' Babcock said .
" He was at the net , that 's the key for us .
If he 's going to play with good players he has to be at the net . ''
Bertuzzi and Pavel Datsyuk scored five seconds apart in the second period , matching the franchise record for the fastest two goals ( Tomas Holmstrom and Datsyuk on Nov. 24 , 2007 , vs. Columbus ) .
" All goal scorers are the same .
When they have n't scored in a long time it sucks the life out of you , '' Babcock said .
" You get one , the chance of getting a few more is there . ''
Bertuzzi does not view himself as a net - front presence but realizes that is what the team needs , especially in Cleary 's absence .
" It 's up to me to get there ( to the net ) and create some room for those two , '' Bertuzzi said .
" Sometimes , I just got to think about it a little more because I get wandering a little bit and get a little excited to get there ( away from the net ) and touch the puck .
Overall , it makes a difference being there . ''
Bertuzzi also had gotten away from shooting the puck .
He had only six shots in his previous eight games .
" It seems every time we get 40 - plus shots we end up winning , '' Bertuzzi said .
" Until we get it through our heads and continue to do it , we 're going to have struggles .
But when we play games like that and shoot the puck and get to the net , we 're going to get two points . ''
* CEO's ( of J.P Morgan ) Fantastic reply to a Pretty Girl *
A young and pretty lady posted this on a popular forum :
* Title : What should I do to marry a rich guy ?*
I 'm going to be honest of what I 'm going to say here .
I 'm 25 this year .
I 'm very pretty , have style and good taste .
I wish to marry a guy with $ 500 k annual salary or above .
You might say that I 'm greedy .
My requirement is not high .
Is there anyone in this forum who has an income of $ 500 k annual salary ?
Are you all married ?
I wanted to ask : what should I do to marry rich persons like you ?
Among those I 've dated , the richest is $ 250 k annual income , and it seems that this is my upper limit .
If someone is going to move into high cost residential area on the west of New York City Garden ( ? ) , $ 250 k annual income is not enough .
I 'm here humbly to ask a few questions :
1 ) Where do most rich bachelors hang out ?
( Please list down the names and addresses of bars , restaurant , gym )
2 ) Which age group should I target ?
3 ) Why most wives of the riches is only average - looking ?
I 've met a few girls who does n't have looks & are not interesting , but they are able to marry rich guys
4 ) How do you decide who can be your wife , & who can only be your girlfriend ?
( my target now is to get married )
Thank You
Ms. Pretty *
Dear Ms. Pretty ,
I have read your post with great interest .
Guess there are lots of girls out there who have similar questions like yours .
Please allow me to analyze your situation as a professional investor .
My annual income is more than $ 500 k , which meets your requirement , so I hope everyone believes that I 'm not wasting time here .
From the standpoint of a business person , it is a bad decision to marry you .
The answer is very simple , so let me explain .
Put the details aside , what you 're trying to do is an exchange of " beauty " and " money " : Person
A provides beauty , and Person B pays for it , fair and square .
However , there 's a deadly problem here , your beauty will fade , but my money will not be gone without any good reason .
The fact is , my income might increase from year to year , but you can't be prettier year after year .
Hence from the viewpoint of economics , I am an appreciation asset , and you are a depreciation asset .
It 's not just normal depreciation , but exponential depreciation .
If that is your only asset , your value will be much worried 10 years later .
By the terms we use in Wall Street , every trading has a position , dating with you is also a " trading position " .
If the trade value dropped we will sell it and it is not a good idea to keep it for long term - same goes with the marriage that you wanted .
It might be cruel to say this , but in order to make a wiser decision any assets with great depreciation value will be sold or " leased " .
Anyone with over $ 500 k annual income is not a fool ; we would only date you , but will not marry you .
I would advice that you forget looking for any clues to marry a rich guy .
And by the way , you could make yourself to become a rich person with $ 500 k annual income .
This has better chance than finding a rich fool .
Hope this reply helps .
If you are interested in " leasing " services , do contact me ...
Signed ,
CEO J.P. Morgan
Share and Enjoy :
Related posts :
If you like this post then please help us by clicking onon our facebook page or the right hand side of the post .
with your friends and relatives andto get latest new directly in your inbox .
Thanks .. :)
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A gang of robbers have dug their way into the vault of a Parisian bank and emptied almost 200 private safes , police said .
They entered the Credit Lyonnais branch near the opera house using building equipment to burn a hole and shatter walls on Saturday night , reports say .
They tied up a security guard and spent the next nine hours robbing the bank before setting it on fire as they left .
The value of the stolen goods is still being estimated , police said .
One investigator described the heist at the Avenue de l'Opera branch as a " professional job " , French radio reported .
The robbers came in at about 2200 on Saturday and left at 0700 on Sunday , reports say .
They entered through the cellars of the neighbouring building , at one stage burning a hole into a wall 80 cm ( 31 in ) thick , to get into the bank which was undergoing building works at the time .
Spaggiari similarities
When they left , they set the place on fire to remove any trace of evidence , triggering the anti-fire system and flooding the building .
The guard escaped unharmed , reports say .
Police were given access to the building once it had been secured on Monday .
It may be difficult to estimate the total value of what was stolen as only the bank 's clients will have known the content of their private safes , reports said .
The heist has been compared to the Spaggiari Affair , dubbed the heist of the century , masterminded by Albert Spaggiari in Nice more than 30 years ago .
Spaggiari and his gang spent two days and three nights digging into the vault of a Societe Generale branch , stealing 50 m francs .
WASHINGTON — Along with the major health care legislation , the House on Sunday approved a major revamping of federal student loan programs that eliminates fees paid to private banks to act as intermediaries .
Instead , the government will expand a direct lending program , a step that the Congressional Budget Office said would save taxpayers $ 61 billion over 10 years , and use the money to increase Pell grants for students .
The student loan bill is a centerpiece of President Obama ’s education agenda , and it was included in the budget reconciliation measure that also made final revisions to the Senate - passed health care bill .
The bill sets automatic annual increases in the maximum Pell grant , scheduled to rise to $ 5,975 by 2017 from $ 5,350 this year .
The new Pell initiative also includes $ 13.5 billion to cover a shortfall caused by a steep rise in the number of Americans enrolling in college and seeking financial aid during the recession .
Google Pours “ Incredible ” Computing Power into Antibody Drug Discovery With Adimab
Xconomy Boston —
Google is the undisputed king of Internet search and advertising , but its second act as a company might be to invent a new computer model for efficiently discovering targeted antibody drugs .
“ Google is committing incredible resources to it .
Incredible resources , ” says Tillman Gerngross , the founder and CEO of Lebanon , NH - based Adimab .
“ The infrastructure alone is in the millions of dollars of raw computational power . ”
Gerngross wo n’t say exactly how much money and manpower Google ( NASDAQ : GOOG ) is putting into his startup , so it would be easy to dismiss this as chest - thumping from an overzealous biotech entrepreneur who ’s just trying to raise cash .
But Gerngross is n’t in that tight spot .
He ’s the Dartmouth professor who founded GlycoFi to make faster , cheaper antibody drugs in yeast , and sold the company to Merck for $ 400 million in 2006 .
His new company , Lebanon , NH - based Adimab , has struck deals in the past year to produce antibody drug candidates for Merck , Roche , Pfizer , and one other unnamed pharmaceutical giant .
Those partnerships have given Adimab enough cash to run for the next 10 years , Gerngross says .
Google first made its interest in Adimab clear back in October .
That ’s when its corporate venture arm led an undisclosed financing that included Polaris Venture Partners , SV Life Sciences , OrbiMed Advisors , and Borealis Ventures .
I spoke with Gerngross at length about the strategy behind this investment a couple weeks ago at the JP Morgan Healthcare Conference in San Francisco .
We met one day before Adimab held a board meeting not far from the Googleplex in Mountain View , CA .
What interest does a computing giant like Google have in a little antibody company like Adimab ?
First , a little background .
Adimab is positioning itself as one of the emerging discovery engines for making targeted antibody drugs which can zero in on specific targets on diseased cells , while sparing healthy ones .
The market , born in the late 1990s , now generates about $ 25 billion in annual sales for targeted drugs like Roche ’s rituximab ( Rituxan ) and trastuzumab ( Herceptin ) .
Traditional antibody discovery is time - consuming and risky .
Adimab has developed its advantage with a fast yeast - based model that can be used to synthesize hundreds of antibodies against a certain target in just eight weeks of work , compared with six to 18 months of labor with the traditional methods used in biotech labs around the world , Gerngross says .
Once that work is done , the major drug companies still need to spend years of labor and hundreds of millions of dollars testing those drugs in animals and humans , determining which of these hundreds of candidates bind the best with the target and have the strongest effect against disease .
While Adimab represents a huge potential gain in efficiency with its faster , cheaper platform for discovering antibody drugs on the front end , Gerngross and Google are thinking about the next big revolutionary change at the early phase of the antibody discovery process .
That ’s where computers enter the picture .
Biologists currently have … Next Page »
There should be a 9 - minute film on Newsnight tonight ( 10:30 pm , BBC Two ) showing some research by Steven Murdoch , Saar Drimer , Mike Bond and me .
We demonstrate a middleperson attack on EMV which lets criminals use stolen chip and PIN cards without knowing the PIN .
Our technical paper Chip and PIN is Broken explains how .
It has been causing quite a stir as it has circulated the banking industry privately for over 2 months , and it has been accepted for the IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy , the top conference in computer security .
( See also our FAQ and the press release . )
The flaw is that when you put a card into a terminal , a negotiation takes place about how the cardholder should be authenticated : using a PIN , using a signature or not at all .
This particular subprotocol is not authenticated , so you can trick the card into thinking it ’s doing a chip - and - signature transaction while the terminal thinks it ’s chip - and - PIN .
The upshot is that you can buy stuff using a stolen card and a PIN of 0000 ( or anything you want ) .
We did so , on camera , using various journalists ’ cards .
The transactions went through fine and the receipts say “ Verified by PIN ” .
It ’s no surprise to us or bankers that this attack works offline ( when the merchant cannot contact the bank ) — in fact Steven blogged about it here last August .
But the real shocker is that it works online too : even when the bank authorisation system has all the transaction data sent back to it for verification .
The reason why it works can be quite subtle and convoluted : bank authorisation systems are complex beasts , including cryptographic checks , account checks , database checks , and interfaces with fraud detection systems which might apply a points - scoring system to the output of all the above .
In theory all the data you need to spot the wedge attack will be present , but in practice ?
And most of all , how can you spot it if you ’re not even looking ?
The banks did n’t even realise they needed to check .
This attack is both academically and practically significant .
We get reports weekly from different victims of phantom withdrawals , and these include large numbers of stolen cards used to make purchases in the window between theft and the cancellation of the card .
Currently these victims are denied refunds by their banks , but this attack could explain some of the frauds we are seeing .
The fact the receipt says “ PIN Verified ” when actually it was n’t raises a whole load of legal and evidential questions which call into question the banking industry ’s claim that their systems work ( and log ) properly .
Merchants will be none too pleased either ; the system no longer protects their interests but only those of the issuing bank .
There ’s been some confusion , possibly even misinformation , about our attack and its effects .
Cartes Bancaires in France were so concerned that they briefed the press way in advance of our plans for publication .
We can set the record straight on a few things :
the attack applies to cards used online ( where the merchant POS contacts the bank ) as well as offline ;
the attack works regardless of the amount of money spent ( not just for small value amounts that are below floor limit ) ;
the attack does n’t work once a card has been cancelled by the bank — just like stolen cards in the past can only be used for a certain window of time once the cardholder discovers the loss ;
the attack does n’t work at ATMs ( cash machines ) ;
the failure applies to bank card schemes based on EMV – the most widely deployed standard for smartcard payments .
Older national smartcard schemes may or may not be vulnerable ; we do n’t know .
So what went wrong ?
In essence , there is a gaping hole in the specifications which together create the “ Chip and PIN ” system .
These specs consist of the EMV protocol framework , the card scheme individual rules ( Visa , MasterCard standards ) , the national payment association rules ( UK Payments Association aka APACS , in the UK ) , and documents produced by each individual issuer describing their own customisations of the scheme .
Each spec defines security criteria , tweaks options and sets rules – but none take responsibility for listing what back - end checks are needed .
As a result , hundreds of issuers independently get it wrong , and gain false assurance that all bases are covered from the common specifications .
The EMV specification stack is broken , and needs fixing .
We ’re really worried that if something is n’t done to fix this problem , and the many others we ’ve found in EMV , other regions adopting it ( like the USA ) are going to make the same mistakes again and again – and that means customers stay vulnerable .
That ’s why again we ’re arguing that Chip and PIN is broken .
We do n’t want people keeping their money in shoe boxes – we want the problems fixed .
That means getting decent governance for the system that involves all the stakeholders – banks , regulators , merchants and customers .
Update ( 2010 - 02-11 ) : ZDNet UK have some in - depth press coverage , and the story has also been picked up by the Telegraph and Daily Mail .
Pure CSS3 Animated AT - AT Walker from Star Wars
Shares
In this article we ’ll quickly walk - through the process of creating a CSS3 animation of an AT - AT Walker from The Empire Strikes Back .
We ’ll start off by reviewing some CSS3 properties that made this animation possible .
Then , follow up with a list of the sections required to construct the AT - AT and the CSS3 code to move each section .
I wont go too deep into the explanations of CSS3 .
There are various resources online to get you up to speed with CSS3 .
Lets review some of the important CSS3 properties :
TRANSFORM : TRANSLATE (X Y ) ROTATE ( X )
- webkit - transform : translate ( x , y ) rotate ( x )
These CSS3 transform properties are pretty self explanatory .
Translate allows you to move an object left , right , up , down and the rotate property , well … rotates .
@-KEYFRAMES ‘ANIMATION -NAME ’
@ -webkit - keyframes ' bounce ' { 0 {top : 20 px ;}
40 % {top : 0;}
60 % {top : 20 px ;}
100 % {top : 0}
}
# ball : hover {
- webkit - animation - name : bounce ;
- webkit-animation - duration : 4s ;
- webkit - animation - iteration - count : infinite ;
}
The keyframes function / property allows us to define a keyframe animation over a specified amount of time .
Let me describe how the keyframe property works by explaining the code above of the bouncing animation .
At 0 % , the keyframes function is placing the object 20 px from the top.
40 % into the animation that object should move up to be 0px from the top .
At 60 % into the animation , the object should move back down 20 px from the top .
By the time the animation gets to 100 % it should move back to 0px from the top again .
In the second rule we apply this animated behavior to the #ball element upon hover .
When the user hovers over the link with an id of ‘ # ball ” it will activate the bounce function .
We have specified that the animation duration should last 4 seconds .
Meaning that it will take 4 seconds for the animation to run from 0 % to 100 % .
Finally we allow the animation to run infinitely .
If we wanted the ball to only bounce a couple of times and then stop we would just put a 1 or 2 in the webkit - animation - iteration property .
TRANSFORM-ORIGIN : X Y
- webkit - transform - origin : x y ;
This is an extremely important property for animation .
The transform origin property allows you to change the point from which animation or transformation for any given object occurs .
Figure ( a – Here you see the transform origin is in its default location in the center of the arm image ( red circle ) .
If we where to rotate the arm using this transform origin point .
The arm would spin around from the center .
Like the blades of a helicopter .
Figure ( b – We have moved the transform origin point to the top , center of the arm image .
Now if we rotate the image from this transformation point it would rotate correctly like a properly hinged arm .
Lets Move
On to the AT - AT , Its Sections and the CSS3 Properties That Apply to Those Sections :
THE SHELL – one png image ; keyframes and animated rotation properties are applied to coincide with the movement of the legs .
The shell will sway a little as each leg steps forward .
one png image ; keyframes and animated rotation properties are applied to coincide with the movement of the legs .
The shell will sway a little as each leg steps forward .
@ - webkit - keyframes rotate - shell {
0 % {- webkit - transform : rotate ( 0deg ) ; }
20 % {- webkit - transform : rotate ( 3deg ) ; }
40 % {- webkit - transform : rotate ( 0deg ) ; }
50 % {- webkit - transform : rotate ( 0deg ) ; }
70 % {- webkit - transform : rotate ( - 3deg ) ; }
90 % {- webkit - transform : rotate ( 0deg ) ; }
100 % {- webkit - transform : rotate ( 0deg ) ; }
}
#atat # shell {
- webkit - animation - name : rotate - shell ;
- webkit-animation - duration : 4s ;
- webkit - animation - iteration - count : infinite ;
}
THE LEG ( Thigh , Knee , Shin , Foot ) –
The leg animation is the crux of this whole experiment .
The leg is comprised of a div with 3 child divs nested within it .
Thigh , Shin , Knee and foot .
The foot is a child of the shin div .
The shin div is a child of the thigh div .
Finally the thigh div is a child of the leg div .
By nesting the divs in this manner , we can mimic the functionality of a skeleton .
In addition to nesting these divs , we moved the transform origin points from the center of the leg divs to the top , center .
This allow us to create hinges or bones .
As the leg div steps forward , the thigh div rotates x degrees on its transform origin point , rotating the shin and foot along with it .
The shin already moving along the rotation point of the thigh begins its own rotation from its own transform origin point , rotating the foot along with it .
The foot moving along the rotation path of the thigh AND the shin begins its own rotation cycle .
This gives the legs that robotic , hinged look .
For each leg , the animation lasts 8 seconds .
Since I needed only one leg to move at a time .
I split the animation into four different parts .
For the first leg the animation keyframe begins at 0 % and ends at 25 % ( 2 sec ) , the second leg begins its animation cycle at 25 % and ends at 50 % , the third leg begins at 50 % and ends at 75 % and the fourth begins at 75 % and ends at 100 % .
By staggering the keyframe animation like this I was able to mimic the movement from the ‘ Empire Strikes Back ’ movie where the AT - AT ’s are only moving one leg at a time .
( I ’ll provide the CSS3 code for just one of the sections .
All the leg sections move using the same strategy just different rotation values and timing . )
@ - webkit - keyframes shin {
0 % {- webkit - transform : rotate ( 0deg ) ; }
20 % {- webkit - transform : rotate ( 0deg ) ; }
30 % {- webkit - transform : rotate ( 23deg ) ; }
50 % {- webkit - transform : rotate ( 0deg ) ; }
100 % {- webkit - transform : rotate ( 0deg ) ; }
}
#atat #leg- a .leg-shin {
- webkit - animation - name : shin-a ;
- webkit-animation - duration : 7s ;
- webkit - animation - iteration - count : infinite ;
- webkit-transform - origin : 50 % 0;}
THE HEAD ( neck and skull ) –
The animation on this is minimal .
The skull and neck extend out of the shell of the at - ats body .
then the skull section swivels up and down a bit .
The animation on this is minimal .
The skull and neck extend out of the shell of the at - ats body .
then the skull section swivels up and down a bit .
@ - webkit - keyframes rotate - head {
0 %{-webkit-transform:rotate( 0deg ) translate ( 0px,0 px ) ;}
40 %{-webkit- transform:rotate ( 10deg ) translate ( 15 px,5 px ) ;}
80 %{- webkit- transform:rotate ( - 5deg ) translate ( 8px,5 px ) ;}
100 %{- webkit- transform:rotate ( 0deg ) translate ( 0px,0 px ) ;}
}
#atat #head {
- webkit - animation - name : rotate - head ;
- webkit-animation - duration : 7s ;
- webkit - animation - iteration - count : infinite ;
- webkit- transform - origin : 0 50 % ;
}
Well , that ’s it .
That is the basic concept to animating a diabolical war machine using only CSS3 .
Feel free to post a comment or question .
I ’ll make sure to try and post a response quickly .
Take another look at the demo , dive into the code and try to build your own .
You can see examples of our custom programming work using css here .
Shares
According to Business Insider , Lloyd Blankfein 's son Jonathan is about to land a job he totally earned at Goldman Sachs .
And we hear that his brother Alex is also on the Goldman Sachs payroll .
Bootstraps !
Jonathan Blankfein , who Business Insider hears is just " a stand - up guy , " graduates from Harvard this year , at which point he 'll join Goldman Sachs , which is father Lloyd runs , as an analyst .
His senior thesis sounds right up Daddy 's alley : " The Origins of the Safety Fund System , 1829 - 37 : Prudent Innovation or Political Maneuvering ? "
The safety fund system , of course , is the predecessor to the FDIC : A mandatory fund that banks had to contribute to in order to cover their depositors if they went under , so that no one bank became too big to fail .
Where have we heard that one before ?
We are very curious to know whether efforts to reign in banking behemoths to prevent them from holding the federal government hostage and requiring multi-billion - dollar bailouts when they take cosmically stupid risks constitute " prudent innovation " or " political maneuvering . "
If anyone out there comes across young Jonathan 's thesis , please let us know .
Meanwhile , a tipster tells us that Alex Blankfein , who graduated from Harvard in 2008 , is also working for Daddy at Goldman Sachs , though in what capacity is n't clear .
Here 's a picture of Alex ( at left ) , um , kickin ' it with Josh Kushner — brother of Jared and part owner of the New York Observer — that we ran in 2006 .
Young Jonathan interned for Goldman Sachs prior to his hire .
Twice , in fact — he started in the summer of 2008 and was called back in the summer of 2009 , an honor we hear is relatively rare in the Goldman Sachs internship program .
And he was n't treated like just any old coffee - fetcher : " He was given a seat in the center of the energy trading desk , " our tipster reports , " which was in the center of the commodities trading floor .
All the other interns were put in a remote corner of the floor . "
One of Jonathan 's fellow interns last summer , by the way , was none other than Jordan Viniar , son of Goldman CFO David Viniar .
We 're sure Jordan was a motivated little worker , since to judge by these old notices of insider trades , " The Jordan Viniar Trust " owns some Goldman stock .
At least it did in 2005 and 2006 , when it sold $ 1.2 million worth .
Nepotism is a grand old tradition at Goldman Sachs .
The company likes to pride itself on the story of Sidney Weinberg , who rose from a $ 3 - a - week janitor 's assistant job at the firm to become CEO by 1930 , when he saved it from bankruptcy and shepherded Goldman into the modern era .
The fact that his son John L. Weinberg ended up taking the mantle from him does n't quite fit that rags - to - riches narrative , nor does the fact that his grandson John S. Weinberg is currently a vice chairman .
Anyway , unemployment is still at 10 % , so work hard for whatever jobs are out there , kids !
The U.S. government faces shortcomings in producing its oil - inventory data , according to internal Department of Energy documents , casting doubt on figures that affect the production and prices of the world 's most important industrial commodity .
The documents , obtained through a Freedom of Information Act request , expose several errors in the Energy Information Agency 's weekly oil report , including one in September that was large enough to cause a jump in oil prices , and a litany of problems with its data collection , including ...
It is the forgotten bailout : $ 125.9 billion spent by taxpayers so far to rescue housing giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac -- nearly twice what ’s been pumped into American International Group Inc. -- and with no end in sight .
But in a hearing Tuesday , lawmakers will start pressing the Obama administration for an exit strategy as the government faces an unlimited commitment for the next three years to the housing finance agencies , which are almost single - handedly keeping the fragile real estate market afloat .
“ It ’s clear that Fannie and Freddie , as they currently exist , should be put out of existence , which means the important question is what combination of entities public and private will replace them , ” said Rep. Barney Frank ( D - Mass . ) , chairman of the House Financial Services Committee .
He has called Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner to testify at the hearing before his committee about how to do that .
But with a full legislative agenda and concerns about a struggling housing recovery , the Obama administration is not eager to get started on the difficult and complex task of remaking , or replacing , Fannie and Freddie .
The companies , seized by the government during the credit crisis in 2008 , hold or guarantee a total of about $ 5 trillion in mortgages .
Administration officials had promised last year they would offer a plan in February .
Now Geithner has said that a detailed plan wo n’t come until next year .
Lawmakers from both parties do not want to wait .
For months , Republicans have been hammering the administration for failing to include an overhaul of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac as part of its reform of financial regulations .
They blame the former government - sponsored enterprises for fueling the demand for subprime mortgages to meet federally mandated affordable - housing goals .
Republicans also charge that Democrats ignored the mounting troubles at Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac because company executives were large political contributors .
Democrats dispute those allegations , noting that reforms failed to pass when Congress was under Republican control early last decade but were enacted after Democrats took the majority in 2007 .
But those changes were not enough to save Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
The companies , created by Congress but eventually turned into private firms , were placed under federal conservatorship amid huge losses from risky mortgages they owned or guaranteed during the housing boom .
Rep. Jeb Hensarling ( R - Texas ) introduced legislation last week to turn Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac again into privately held companies over five years .
“ I believe it ’s time we quit bailing out Fannie and Freddie and we protect the taxpayers , ” said Hensarling , who said their rescue was shaping up to be “ the mother of all bailouts . ”
“ Unfortunately , not unlike the iceberg that took down the Titanic , this $ 125 billion is just the tip of the iceberg , ” he said .
Taxpayers now own 79.9 % of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac as part of a bailout that began in September 2008 , with a Bush administration commitment to spend up to $ 100 billion on each to keep them afloat .
The Obama administration increased that to $ 200 billion early last year .
In December , the Treasury Department announced there would be no cap until the end of 2012 on what could be spent to keep Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac out of bankruptcy , a move it said was designed to add stability to the housing market and safety for buyers of new mortgage - backed securities and those holding $ 1.6 trillion in old debts .
The government has helped keep mortgage rates low by purchasing up to $ 1.2 trillion in mortgage - backed securities from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
The Federal Reserve has led that program by purchasing much of those securities .
But the Fed has been phasing out its purchases and will stop March 31 .
Analysts expect interest rates to rise slightly as private investors seek a greater return before buying more of the securities .
Fed Chairman Ben S. Bernanke said last week he expected that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac would be restructured .
“ My assumption is that sometime soon -- I ’d hope soon -- the Congress will reform Fannie and Freddie , perhaps break them up , perhaps make them officially governmental , ” Bernanke said .
But Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac still are playing a large role in housing finance because banks remain hesitant to lend , so there are strong economic and political reasons Congress and the Obama administration need to move slowly , said Jaret Seiberg , a financial policy analyst at Concept Capital ’s Washington Research Group .
“ The first rule has to be to do no harm to the housing market , and it ’s difficult to fathom how , when credit is tight , you can restructure the primary drivers of home financing , ” he said .
“ You just ca n’t risk upsetting the part of the housing financing system that is working . ”
Frank said that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are now “ kind of public utilities to keep the housing market going . ”
Geithner is not expected to lay out a restructuring plan for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac at the committee hearing .
But he could talk about the principles and objectives for such a restructuring .
James Lockhart , the former director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency , which oversees Fannie and Freddie under the government ’s conservatorship , said it ’s too soon to make major changes to the housing entities .
But he said it ’s not too soon to start talking about it .
“ There ’s a lot of pressure on the mortgage system at the moment .
That ’s one of the reasons we have to keep Fannie and Freddie in there , ” he said .
“ I ’m hopeful this year that Congress will start the dialogue . . . and hopefully by next year there can be some resolution . ”
jim.puzzanghera @latimes.com
The Internet has a lot of information for people wanting to better the quality of their lives .
Sometimes it is difficult to know what to believe and what to be wary of .
I am trying to look at human issues from the perspective of scientific psychology and its practical applications .
Helping you find ways to live life at its most richest is my intention .
I want to share with you the exciting developments in psychology that you can use as personal tools for your life journey .
Enjoy !
With just $ 100 worth of plywood and screws , almost anyone can build a shelter known as a Hexayurt that can last three years and possibly even withstand a hurricane .
The simple DIY structure could be a critical temporary solution for some of the estimated 1 million or more people left homeless in quake - torn Haiti .
Aid agencies have distributed around 10,000 tents to Haiti so far , according to to the International Organization for Migration ( IOM ) , one of the dozens of charity groups in Haiti focused on emergency shelter .
But 200,000 are needed , and even then , the tents wo n't stand up to the weather .
" Tents are a three to five month option in the midst of the dry season , " said Vincent Houver , IOM Chief of Mission in Haiti , in a recent press release .
" But emergency and transitional shelter solutions sufficiently durable to last at least two years need to be found before the heavy rains arrive in a few months . "
Tents do have the benefit of a supply chain already in place that makes it easy to ramp up production when disaster strikes , and they can be transported to remote sites and set up relatively quickly .
But they run around $ 300 to $ 400 and only last about a year , in good weather .
" Once those tents are shredded , people are homeless again , " said Vinay Gupta , a self - taught risk management consultant and inventor of the Hexayurt .
In addition to being longer lived , the Hexayurt is both easy to assemble and cheap .
I built my own for Burning Man in 2008 from fire - safe insulation board and industrial tape .
It took a couple of hours to make the pieces at home and an hour or two with some friends to assemble it on site .
My cozy abode withstood fierce dust storms that lasted for hours and maintained a comfortable temperature that allowed me to sleep until noon , long after the blazing sun had driven my campmates from their tents .
At 70 square feet , my six - foot " stretch " Hexayurt was big enough for one and required only seven sheets of insulation board .
A Haitian family of five would need a bigger structure made of plywood .
Eighteen sheets will build a 276 square foot structure with four foot tall exterior walls or a 166 square foot structure with eight foot exterior walls .
" I have no doubt whatsoever that this concept could work in Haiti , " said Linton Wells of National Defense University in Washington , DC , founder of Transformative Innovation for Development and Emergency Support .
Wells field - tested Hexayurts made of foil - backed insulation board in the mountains of West Virginia .
They survived 60 to 70 mile - per - hour winds , and only gave away when they were attacked by bears .
Materials for an entire Hexayurt village can be delivered on one flatbed truck .
The hexagonal design makes it easy to add rooms by " honeycombing " more Hexayurts to the original structure .
Families can build their own home or use local labor , which has the added benefit of developing skills needed to maintain the local economy .
And at five dollars per plywood sheet , $ 100 will cover the cost of the basic building materials .
Painted , a plywood Hexayurt should last up to three years , and Gupta says it 's sturdy enough to survive the Haitian rainy season , and much worse .
Science for Humanity is organizing structural analysis to see how the Hexayurt will respond to the hurricane conditions arriving soon in Haiti .
Plywood is plentiful and used worldwide , so supply chain issues are minimal .
" And you can never have enough plywood in a disaster .
You can use it fix damn near anything , " Gupta said .
Atlanta - based Courageous Church is currently shipping plywood to Haiti and mobilizing 50 - 100 volunteers to build Hexayurts on site during spring break .
Emergency shelters must be able to adapt to the local conditions on site , said Bruce LeBel , executive director of World Shelters , a non-profit organization that designs , builds and delivers emergency structures .
World Shelters has designed different types of structures including The Buckminster Fuller - inspired U - Dome and the frameless , hard - shell TranShel , but these are meant to be longer - term transitional structures that cost $ 2,000 and last 10 years .
What 's needed in Haiti are flexible designs that can be built on site with local labor , not ready - made structures , LeBel said .
" It 's really important that emergency shelters adapt to the context . "
Right now , he says aid agencies in Haiti are looking for ways to use 200,000 sheets of lightweight plastic that were scheduled to arrive this week .
Currently , Haitians are using the sheets any way they can , sometimes attaching them to the sides of wrecked buildings or other structures .
World Shelters has offered their design called JAS ( Just Add Sticks ) which is a framing system for the plastic that uses materials such as bamboo as corner connectors .
The need for temporary housing following a disaster has inspired many other designs as well .
One already in use in Haiti is ShelterBox , invented by Rotary International , a worldwide service club organization .
The sturdy plastic boxes are packed with a tent , basic tools , and survival equipment specific to local conditions such as water purifiers , and insulated ground sheets .
On average , a ShelterBox costs $ 780 , including packaging , delivery and distribution .
But they still use tents , with numerous small parts that can break or become lost .
Nonetheless , seven thousand have so far been deployed in Haiti .
The photo taken Feb. 2 shows a camp with 400 ShelterBox tents that house thousands of Haitians .
The crazy - looking reCover Shelter was designed for a class project by four Syracuse University students .
Like a giant accordian , the structure is collapsible and customizable .
It consists of 12 4 - by - 8 - foot sheets of pre-cut and pre-folded polypropylene that simply need to be joined at the corners with zip ties and tethered to the ground on site .
It 's larger than a relief tent and can be set up in minutes .
Designer Matt Malone estimated the shelters would last a few weeks and could be recycled into new sheets of polypropylene after use .
So far , Malone and his co-designers have built one full - scale prototype , which cost less than $ 200 at retail prices .
To mass - produce the customized sheets would require adding two simple steps to the manufacturing process , he said .
In order to move beyond tent cities , Haiti will need transitional housing that is sturdy and scalable .
It should utilize local resources whenever possible , and it must be cheap .
Otherwise , said Gupta , " There is not enough money on the table to take care of Haiti .
We 're sticking a band - aid on a gunshot wound . "
Images : 1 ) Hexayurt / Vinay Gupta .
2 ) Hexayurt at 2008 Burning Man / Renee Davidson .
3 ) World Shelters JAS design / Kurt Therkelsen .
4 ) ShelterBox camp in Haiti / ShelterBox .
5 ) reCover Shelter / Matt Malone .
See Also :
Follow us on Twitter @wiredscience , and on Facebook .
Los Angeles , California ( CNN ) --
Fess Parker , best known for playing Daniel Boone in a 1960s television series , died Thursday at his home near Santa Barbara , California , his publicist said .
He was 85 .
Parker followed his acting career with successful hotel and winery ventures around Santa Barbara .
A statement issued by his family did not reveal the cause of death .
Parker is survived by his wife of 50 years , Marcella , their son and daughter , 11 grandchildren and one great - grandchild who " spent a great deal of time with Fess in his final months and weeks , " the statement said .
A native of Texas , Parker served in the U.S. Navy during World War II before graduating from the University of Texas - Austin in 1950 .
He moved to Los Angeles in the early 1950s to pursue acting .
Walt Disney cast Parker in the lead role of " Davy Crockett , King of the Wild Frontier , " co-starring Buddy Ebsen .
He followed that with several more Disney films , including " Davy Crockett and the River Boat Pirates , " " The Great Locomotive Chase " and " Smoky . "
His TV career took off in 1964 with the title role in NBC's " Daniel Boone , " which aired for for six seasons .
When the series ended in 1970 , Parker became a real estate developer in Santa Barbara .
" After successfully opening three high - end mobile home parks , the 360 - room Fess Parker Doubletree Resort opened in 1985 , " the family statement said .
" It is one of the most successful hotels on the Santa Barbara waterfront . "
Parker and his family also opened Fess Parker Winery on the Foxen in Los Olivos , California .
CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .
Absolutely amazing poll results from CNN today about the $ 787 stimulus package : nearly three out of four Americans think the money has been wasted .
On second thought , they may be right : it ’s been wasted on them .
Indeed , the largest single item in the package – $ 288 billion –is tax relief for 95 % of the American public .
This money is that magical $ 60 to $ 80 per month you ’ve been finding in your paycheck since last spring .
Not a life changing amount , but helpful in paying the bills .
The next highest amount was $ 275 billion in grants and loans to states .
This is why your child ’s teacher was n’t laid off … and why the fire station has remained open , and why you ’re not paying even higher state and local taxes to close the local budget hole .
It turns out that what people are really upset about is all that wasteful money that has gone to political public works projects … except that the overwhelming portion of that money has n’t been spent yet .
Remember all those “ shovel - ready ” projects ?
Well , they did n’t exist .
The big jobs - creating projects like the rebuilt “ smart ” electric grid , major highways and fast trains will come on line during the next year .
( Although these projects might have gotten greater public support if they ’d been chosen by a National Infrastructure Bank–a panel of experts , like the fed–that would have picked them according to their value added , rather than by the bozo appropriators in the Congress . )
So , two thoughts :
1 . The Obama Administration has done a terrible job explaining the stimulus package to the American people … especially since there have been very few documented cases of waste so far .
2 . This is yet further evidence that Americans are flagrantly ill - informed …and , for those watching Fox News , misinformed .
It is very difficult to have a democracy without citizens .
It is impossible to be a citizen if you do n’t make an effort to understand the most basic activities of your government .
It is very difficult to thrive in an increasingly competitive world if you ’re a nation of dodos .
The Economic and Social Crisis
The financial meltdown has unleashed a latent and emergent social crisis across the United States .
What is at stake is the fraudulent confiscation of lifelong savings and pension funds , the appropriation of tax revenues to finance the trillion dollar “ bank bailouts ” , which ultimately serve to line the pockets of the richest people in America .
This economic crisis is in large part the result of financial manipulation and outright fraud to the detriment of entire populations , leading to a renewed wave of corporate bankruptcies , mass unemployment and poverty .
The criminalization of the global financial system , characterized by a “ Shadow Banking ” network has resulted in the centralization of bank power and an unprecedented concentration of private wealth .
Obama ’s “ economic stimulus ” package and budget proposals contribute to a further process of concentration and centralization of bank power , the cumulative effects of which will eventually resul in large scale corporate , bankruptcies , a new wave of foreclosures not to mention fiscal collapse and the downfall of State social programs .
( For further details see Michel Chossudovsky , America ’s Fiscal Collapse , Global Research , March 2 , 2009 ) .
The cumulative decline of real economic activity backlashes on employment and wages , which in turn leads to a collapse in purchaisng power .
The proposed “ solution ” under the Obama administration contributes to exacerbating rather than alleviating social inequalities and the process of wealth concentration .
The Protest Movement
When people across America , whose lives have been shattered and destroyed , come to realize the true face of the global “ free market ” system , the legitimacy of Wall Street , the Federal Reserve and the US administration will be challenged .
A latent protest movement directed against the seat of economic and political power is unfolding .
How this process will occur is hard to predict .
All sectors of American society are potentially affected : wage earners , small , medium and even large businesses , farmers , professionals , federal , State and municipal employees , students , teachers , health workers , and unemployed .
Protests will initially emerge from these various sectors .
There is , however , at this stage , no organized national resistance movement directed against the administration ’s economic and financial agenda .
Obama ’s populist rhetoric conceals the true nature of macro-economic policy .
Acting on behalf of Wall Street , the administration ’s economic package , which includes close to a trillion dollar “ aid ” package for the financial services industry , coupled with massive austerity measures , contributes to precipitating America into a bottomless crisis .
“ Orwellian Solution ” to the Great Depression : Curbing Civil Unrest
At this particular juncture , there is no economic recovery program in sight .
The Washington - Wall Street consensus prevails .
There are no policies , no alternatives formulated from within the political and economic system . .
What is the way out ?
How will the US government face an impending social catastrophe ?
The solution is to curb social unrest .
The chosen avenue , inherited from the outgoing Bush administration is the reinforcement of the Homeland Security apparatus and the militarization of civilian State institutions .
The outgoing administration has laid the groundwork .
Various pieces of “ anti- terrorist ” legislation ( including the Patriot Acts ) and presidential directives have been put in place since 2001 , largely using the pretext of the “ Global War on Terrorism . ”
Homeland Security ’s Internment Camps
Directly related to the issue of curbing social unrest , cohesive system of detention camps is also envisaged , under the jurisdiction of the Department of Homeland Security and the Pentagon .
A bill entitled the National Emergency Centers Establishment Act ( HR 645 ) was introduced in the US Congress in January .
It calls for the establishment of six national emergency centers in major regions in the US to be located on existing military installations .
http://www.govtrack.us/congress/billtext.xpd?bill=h111-645
The stated purpose of the “ national emergency centers ” is to provide “ temporary housing , medical , and humanitarian assistance to individuals and families dislocated due to an emergency or major disaster . ”
In actuality , what we are dealing with are FEMA internment camps .
HR 645 states that the camps can be used to “ meet other appropriate needs , as determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security . ”
There has been virtually no press coverage of HR 645 .
These “ civilian facilities ” on US military bases are to be established in cooperation with the US Military .
Modeled on Guantanamo , what we are dealing with is the militarization of FEMA internment facilities .
Once a person is arrested and interned in a FEMA camp located on a military base , that person would in all likelihood , under a national emergency , fall under the de facto jurisdiction of the Military : civilian justice and law enforcement including habeas corpus would no longer apply .
HR 645 bears a direct relationship to the economic crisis and the likelihood of mass protests across America .
It constitutes a further move to militarize civilian law enforcement , repealing the Posse Comitatus Act .
In the words of Rep. Ron Paul :
“ … the fusion centers , militarized police , surveillance cameras and a domestic military command is not enough …
Even though we know that detention facilities are already in place , they now want to legalize the construction of FEMA camps on military installations using the ever popular excuse that the facilities are for the purposes of a national emergency .
With the phony debt - based economy getting worse and worse by the day , the possibility of civil unrest is becoming a greater threat to the establishment .
One need only look at Iceland , Greece and other nations for what might happen in the United States next . ”
( Daily Paul , September 2008 , emphasis added )
The proposed internment camps should be seen in relation to the broader process of militarization of civilian institutions .
The construction of internment camps predates the introduction of HR 645 ( Establishment of Emergency Centers ) in January 2009 .
There are , according to various ( unconfirmed ) reports , some 800 FEMA prison camps in different regions of the U.S. Moreover , since the 1980s , the US military has developed “ tactics , techniques and procedures ” to suppress civilian dissent , to be used in the eventuality of mass protests ( United States Army Field Manual 19 - 15 under Operation Garden Plot , entitled “ Civil Disturbances ” was issued in 1985 )
In early 2006 , tax revenues were allocated to building modern internment camp facilities .
In January 2006 , Kellogg Brown and Roots , which at the time was a subsidiary of Halliburton , received a $ 385 million contract from the Department of Homeland Security ’s Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) :
“ The contract , which is effective immediately [ January 2006 ] , provides for establishing temporary detention and processing capabilities to augment existing ICE Detention and Removal Operations ( DRO ) Program facilities in the event of an emergency influx of immigrants into the U.S. , or to support the rapid development of new programs …
The contract may also provide migrant detention support to other U.S. Government organizations in the event of an immigration emergency , as well as the development of a plan to react to a national emergency , such as a natural disaster .
( KBR , 24 January 2006 , emphasis added )
The stated objectives of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) are to :
“ protect national security and uphold public safety by targeting criminal networks and terrorist organizations that seek to exploit vulnerabilities in our immigration system , in our financial networks , along our border , at federal facilities and elsewhere in order to do harm to the United States .
The end result is a safer , more secure America ” ( ICE homepage )
The US media is mum on the issue of the internment camps on US soil .
While casually acknowledging the multimillion dollar contract granted to Halliburton ’s subsidiary , the news reports largely focused their attention on possible “ cost overruns ” ( similar to those which occurred with KBR in Iraq ) .
What is the political intent and purpose of these camps ?
The potential use of these internment facilities to detain American citizens under a martial law situation are not an object of media debate or discussion .
Combat Units Assigned to the Homeland
In the last months of the Bush administration , prior to the November 2008 presidential elections , the Department of Defense ordered the recall of the 3rd Infantry ’s 1st Brigade Combat Team from Iraq .
The relocation of a combat unit from the war theater to domestic front is an integral part of the Homeland Security agenda .
The BCT was assigned to assist in law enforcement activities within the US .
The BCT combat unit was attached to US Army North , the Army ’s component of US Northern Command ( USNORTHCOM ) .
The 1st BCT and other combat units would be called upon to perform specific military functions in the case of civil unrest :
The 1st BCT ’s soldiers also will learn how to use “ the first ever nonlethal package that the Army has fielded , ” 1st BCT commander Col .
Roger Cloutier said , referring to crowd and traffic control equipment and nonlethal weapons designed to subdue unruly or dangerous individuals without killing them . (
( See Gina Cavallaro , Brigade homeland tours start Oct. 1 , Army Times , September 8 , 2008 ) .
Under the proposed withdrawal of US forces from Iraq under the Obama administration , one expects that other combat units will be brought home from the war theater and reassigned in the United States .
The evolving national security scenario is characterized by a mesh of civilian and military institutions :
- Army combat units working with civilian law enforcement , with the stated mission to curb “ social unrest ” .
– the establishment of new internment camps under civilian jurisdiction located on US military facilities .
The FEMA internment camps are part of the Continuity of Government ( COG ) , which would be put in place in the case of martial law .
The internment camps are intended to “ protect the government ” against its citizens , by locking up protesters as well as political activists who might challenge the legitimacy of the Administration ’s national security , economic or military agenda .
Spying on Americans : The Big Brother Data Bank
Related to the issue of internment and mass protests , how will data on American citizens be collected ?
How will individuals across America be categorized ?
What are the criteria of the Department of Homeland Security ?
In a 2004 report of the Homeland Security Council entitled Planning Scenarios , pertaining to the defense of the Homeland , the following categories of potential “ conspirators ” were identified :
“ foreign [ Islamic ] terrorists ” , “ domestic radical groups ” , [ antiwar and civil rights groups ] “ state sponsored adversaries ” [ “ rogue states ” , “ unstable nations ” ] “ disgruntled employees ” [ labor and union activists ] .
In June of last year , the Bush administration issued a National Security Presidential Directive ( NSPD 59 - HSPD 24 ) entitled Biometrics for Identification and Screening to Enhance National Security ( For Further details see Michel Chossudovsky , “ Big Brother ” Presidential Directive : “ Biometrics for Identification and Screening to Enhance National Security ” , Global Research , June 2008 )
Adopted without public debate or Congressional approval , its relevant procedures are far - reaching .
They are related to the issue of civil unrest .
They are also part of the logic behind the establishment of FEMA internment camps under HR 645 . .
NSPD 59 ( Biometrics for Identification and Screening to Enhance National Security ) goes far beyond the narrow issue of biometric identification , it recommends the collection and storage of “ associated biographic ” information , meaning information on the private lives of US citizens , in minute detail , all of which will be “ accomplished within the law ” :
“ The contextual data that accompanies biometric data includes information on date and place of birth , citizenship , current address and address history , current employment and employment history , current phone numbers and phone number history , use of government services and tax filings .
Other contextual data may include bank account and credit card histories , plus criminal database records on a local , state and federal level .
The database also could include legal judgments or other public records documenting involvement in legal disputes , child custody records and marriage or divorce records .
” ( See Jerome Corsi , June 2008 )
The directive uses 9/11 and the “ Global War on Terrorism ” as an all encompassing justification to wage a witch hunt against dissenting citizens , establishing at the same time an atmosphere of fear and intimidation across the land .
It also calls for the integration of various data banks as well as inter-agency cooperation in the sharing of information , with a view to eventually centralizing the information on American citizens .
In a carefully worded text , NSPD 59 “ establishes a framework ” to enable the Federal government and its various police and intelligence agencies to :
“ use mutually compatible methods and procedures in the collection , storage , use , analysis , and sharing of biometric and associated biographic and contextual information of individuals in a lawful and appropriate manner , while respecting their information privacy and other legal rights under United States law . ”
The NSPD 59 Directive recommends : “ actions and associated timelines for enhancing the existing terrorist - oriented identification and screening processes by expanding the use of biometrics ” .
The procedures under NSPD 59 are consistent with an earlier June 2005 decision which consisted in creating a “ domestic spy service ” , under the auspices of the FBI .
( For further details see Michel Chossudovsky , Bush Administration creates “ Secret State Police ” , June 30 , 2005 )
Working hand in glove with Homeland Security ( DHS ) , the proposed “ domestic intelligence department ” would combine FBI counterterrorism , intelligence and espionage operations into a single service .
The new department operating under the auspices of the FBI would have the authority to “ seize the property of people deemed to be helping the spread of WMD ” :
They would be able to “ spy on people in America suspected of terrorism or having critical intelligence information , even if they are not suspected of committing a crime . ”
( NBC Tonight , 29 June 2005 ) .\
ANNEX
Text of H.R. 645 : National Emergency Centers Establishment Act
This version : Introduced in House .
This is the original text of the bill as it was written by its sponsor and submitted to the House for consideration .
This is the latest version of the bill available on this website .
[ SOURCE : http://www.govtrack.us/congress/billtext.xpd?bill=h111-645]
HR 645 IH
111th CONGRESS
1st Session
H. R. 645
To direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish national emergency centers on military installations .
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
January 22 , 2009
Mr. HASTINGS of Florida introduced the following bill ; which was referred to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure , and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services , for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker , in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——
–
A BILL
To direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish national emergency centers on military installations .
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled ,
SECTION 1 . SHORT TITLE .
This Act may be cited as the ‘ National Emergency Centers Establishment Act ’ .
SEC .
2 . ESTABLISHMENT OF NATIONAL EMERGENCY CENTERS .
( a) In General -
In accordance with the requirements of this Act , the Secretary of Homeland Security shall establish not fewer than 6 national emergency centers on military installations .
( b) Purpose of National Emergency Centers -
The purpose of a national emergency center shall be to use existing infrastructure –
( 1 ) to provide temporary housing , medical , and humanitarian assistance to individuals and families dislocated due to an emergency or major disaster ;
( 2 ) to provide centralized locations for the purposes of training and ensuring the coordination of Federal , State , and local first responders ;
( 3 ) to provide centralized locations to improve the coordination of preparedness , response , and recovery efforts of government , private , and not - for - profit entities and faith - based organizations ; and
( 4 ) to meet other appropriate needs , as determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security .
SEC .
3 . DESIGNATION OF MILITARY INSTALLATIONS AS NATIONAL EMERGENCY CENTERS .
( a) In General - Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act , the Secretary of Homeland Security , in consultation with the Secretary of Defense , shall designate not fewer than 6 military installations as sites for the establishment of national emergency centers .
( b) Minimum Requirements -
A site designated as a national emergency center shall be–
( 1 ) capable of meeting for an extended period of time the housing , health , transportation , education , public works , humanitarian and other transition needs of a large number of individuals affected by an emergency or major disaster ;
( 2 ) environmentally safe and shall not pose a health risk to individuals who may use the center ;
( 3 ) capable of being scaled up or down to accommodate major disaster preparedness and response drills , operations , and procedures ;
( 4 ) capable of housing existing permanent structures necessary to meet training and first responders coordination requirements during nondisaster periods ;
( 5 ) capable of hosting the infrastructure necessary to rapidly adjust to temporary housing , medical , and humanitarian assistance needs ;
( 6 ) required to consist of a complete operations command center , including 2 state - of - the art command and control centers that will comprise a 24/ 7 operations watch center as follows :
( A ) one of the command and control centers shall be in full ready mode ; and
( B ) the other shall be used daily for training ; and
( 7 ) easily accessible at all times and be able to facilitate handicapped and medical facilities , including during an emergency or major disaster .
( c) Location of National Emergency Centers -
There shall be established not fewer than one national emergency center in each of the following areas :
(1) The area consisting of Federal Emergency Management Agency Regions I , II , and III .
(2) The area consisting of Federal Emergency Management Agency Region IV .
(3) The area consisting of Federal Emergency Management Agency Regions V and VII .
(4) The area consisting of Federal Emergency Management Agency Region VI .
(5) The area consisting of Federal Emergency Management Agency Regions VIII and X .
(6) The area consisting of Federal Emergency Management Agency Region IX .
( d) Preference for Designation of Closed Military Installations -
Wherever possible , the Secretary of Homeland Security , in consultation with the Secretary of Defense , shall designate a closed military installation as a site for a national emergency center .
If the Secretaries of Homeland Security and Defense jointly determine that there is not a sufficient number of closed military installations that meet the requirements of subsections ( b ) and ( c ) , the Secretaries shall jointly designate portions of existing military installations other than closed military installations as national emergency centers .
( e) Transfer of Control of Closed Military Installations -
If a closed military installation is designated as a national emergency center , not later than 180 days after the date of designation , the Secretary of Defense shall transfer to the Secretary of Homeland Security administrative jurisdiction over such closed military installation .
( f) Cooperative Agreement for Joint Use of Existing Military Installations -
If an existing military installation other than a closed military installation is designated as a national emergency center , not later than 180 days after the date of designation , the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of Defense shall enter into a cooperative agreement to provide for the establishment of the national emergency center .
(g) Reports -
(1) PRELIMINARY REPORT -
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act , the Secretary of Homeland Security , acting jointly with the Secretary of Defense , shall submit to Congress a report that contains for each designated site –
( A ) an outline of the reasons why the site was selected ;
( B ) an outline of the need to construct , repair , or update any existing infrastructure at the site ;
( C ) an outline of the need to conduct any necessary environmental clean - up at the site ;
( D ) an outline of preliminary plans for the transfer of control of the site from the Secretary of Defense to the Secretary of Homeland Security , if necessary under subsection ( e ) ; and
( E ) an outline of preliminary plans for entering into a cooperative agreement for the establishment of a national emergency center at the site , if necessary under subsection ( f ) .
(2) UPDATE REPORT -
Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act , the Secretary of Homeland Security , acting jointly with the Secretary of Defense , shall submit to Congress a report that contains for each designated site –
( A ) an update on the information contained in the report as required by paragraph ( 1 ) ;
( B ) an outline of the progress made toward the transfer of control of the site , if necessary under subsection ( e ) ;
( C ) an outline of the progress made toward entering a cooperative agreement for the establishment of a national emergency center at the site , if necessary under subsection ( f ) ; and
( D ) recommendations regarding any authorizations and appropriations that may be necessary to provide for the establishment of a national emergency center at the site .
(3) FINAL REPORT -
Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act , the Secretary of Homeland Security , acting jointly with the Secretary of Defense , shall submit to Congress a report that contains for each designated site –
( A ) finalized information detailing the transfer of control of the site , if necessary under subsection ( e ) ;
( B ) the finalized cooperative agreement for the establishment of a national emergency center at the site , if necessary under subsection ( f ) ; and
( C ) any additional information pertinent to the establishment of a national emergency center at the site .
(4) ADDITIONAL REPORTS -
The Secretary of Homeland Security , acting jointly with the Secretary of Defense , may submit to Congress additional reports as necessary to provide updates on steps being taken to meet the requirements of this Act .
SEC .
4 . LIMITATIONS ON STATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .
This
Act does not affect –
(1 ) the authority of the Federal Government to provide emergency or major disaster assistance or to implement any disaster mitigation and response program , including any program authorized by the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act ( 42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq. ) ; or
( 2 ) the authority of a State or local government to respond to an emergency .
SEC .
5 . AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .
There is authorized to be appropriated $ 180,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2009 and 2010 to carry out this Act .
Such funds shall remain available until expended .
SEC .
6 . DEFINITIONS .
In this Act , the following definitions apply :
(1) CLOSED MILITARY INSTALLATION -
The term ‘ closed military installation ’ means a military installation , or portion thereof , approved for closure or realignment under the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 ( part A of title XXIX of Public Law 101- 510 ; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note ) that meet all , or 2 out of the 3 following requirements :
(A) Is located in close proximity to a transportation corridor .
(B) Is located in a State with a high level or threat of disaster related activities .
(C) Is located near a major metropolitan center .
(2) EMERGENCY -
The term ‘ emergency ’ has the meaning given such term in section 102 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act ( 42 U.S.C. 5122 ) .
(3) MAJOR DISASTER -
The term ‘ major disaster ’ has the meaning given such term in section 102 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act ( 42 U.S.C. 5122 ) .
(4) MILITARY INSTALLATION -
The term ‘ military installation ’ has the meaning given such term in section 2910 of the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 ( part A of title XXIX of Public Law 101- 510 ; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note ) .
AMERICA ’S “ WAR ON TERRORISM ”
by Michel Chossudovsky
CLICK TO ORDER
America ’s “ War on Terrorism ”
In this new and expanded edition of Michel Chossudovsky ’s 2002 best seller , the author blows away the smokescreen put up by the mainstream media , that 9/11 was an attack on America by “ Islamic terrorists ” .
Through meticulous research , the author uncovers a military - intelligence ploy behind the September 11 attacks , and the cover - up and complicity of key members of the Bush Administration .
The expanded edition , which includes twelve new chapters focuses on the use of 9/11 as a pretext for the invasion and illegal occupation of Iraq , the militarisation of justice and law enforcement and the repeal of democracy .
According to Chossudovsky , the “ war on terrorism ” is a complete fabrication based on the illusion that one man , Osama bin Laden , outwitted the $ 40 billion - a- year American intelligence apparatus .
The “ war on terrorism ” is a war of conquest .
Globalisation is the final march to the “ New World Order ” , dominated by Wall Street and the U.S. military - industrial complex .
September 11 , 2001 provides a justification for waging a war without borders .
Washington ’s agenda consists in extending the frontiers of the American Empire to facilitate complete U.S. corporate control , while installing within America the institutions of the Homeland Security State .
Chossudovsky peels back layers of rhetoric to reveal a complex web of deceit aimed at luring the American people and the rest of the world into accepting a military solution which threatens the future of humanity .
The last chapter includes an analysis of the London 7/7 Bomb Attacks .
CLICK TO ORDER ( mail order or online order )
America ’s “ War on Terrorism ”
Oh my , I ’ve been waiting to do this one for quite some time .
I hope you enjoy this incredibly bizarre mash - up as much as I do .
It was rather difficult channeling both Dave Gibbons and Jim Jenkins into one strip , but I think I did alright , yeah ?
Before I go , I ’ve got some long - overdue promotions to get to ; first up is an awesome tee - shirt design from fellow webcomicker Ross of The System .
It holds much wisdom in its sleeves .
I accidentally grew a beard last week , so I know the feeling , click here to buy one !
Next up , GREAT NEWS for people who like Loldwell and also live in Washington D.C. , I will be attending the first - ever Intervention Con !
I implore you to check out the website and get on the Intervention train , because it ’s gonna be major fun times .
It ’s a con , unlike any other , because it ’s geared specifically towards webcomics , WHICH ARE THE BEST TYPE OF COMICS .
But you knew that already .
That ’s all for today , gents , good work !
Grab a shower and hit the hay .
Caldy
Hate Mail from Third Graders
" It 's not easy being a public enemy , " writes Neil deGrasse Tyson in his book The Pluto Files .
When Neil 's museum grouped Pluto not among the planets but rather with icy comets in an obscure region called the Kuiper Belt , he heard from thousands of outraged Pluto defenders .
It 's tough being called a heartless Pluto - hater , particularly by a dismayed eight - year - old .
In this slide show , peruse a few of the letters elementary schoolkids sent Neil , and see how their tone shifted over the years , as the public slowly came to accept Pluto 's fall from planethood .
—Susan K. Lewis
NASCAR had a nice little two - week vacation .
Racers headed to Hollywood to see the sights , maybe lay on the beach and soak up those rays , then it was off to Vegas -- Vegas , baby ! -- a city that runs with no restrictor plate if there 's ever been one .
My advice :
Take those race winnings and put it on red .
And split your aces .
Always split your aces .
Now , however , it 's back to work .
NASCAR heads back to the Southeast and Atlanta to start one of my favorite sports stretches of the year .
First of all , during the course of March , we get races at Atlanta , Bristol and Martinsville .
It 's flat - out speed , and some short - track racing , a personal favorite of mine .
And throw an off week in there as well .
And if you 're like me and enjoy the wide array of sports , it 's a beautiful time of year .
March Madness is coming right up ( gentleman , start your brackets ) , and this week started some televised spring training games , a real treat when you have a TV at your desk .
But I 'm here to talk NASCAR , occasionally food and never my plans for world domination .
Moving on . …
Last year at Atlanta , Kurt Busch simply dominated , putting up a rare perfect driver rating and taking the win by a little more than 0.3 seconds over Jeff Gordon .
Busch was passed only eight times under the green flag in that race , a pretty impressive number .
However , that was n't the fewest for the race .
To compare , Mike Bliss was passed only six times under the green flag for position .
Sure , if you want to get picky , Bliss started last and finished last , running only 21 laps before going out with overheating .
I might give you some fun stats , but do n't ever say I did n't give you the disclaimer .
Now , let 's look at some pertinent notes heading into this weekend 's race at Atlanta .
Harvick improving
Being brutally honest ( because that 's what you 've come to expect from this blog ) , Richard Childress Racing -- and especially Kevin Harvick -- had a subpar performance last season .
But Harvick ran well at Atlanta , finishing fourth and second in the two races there .
It came as somewhat of a surprise .
Even though Harvick won his first start at Atlanta in 2001 and finished third in his second start there , from 2002 - 07 he never finished better than 15th there .
In 2008 , he showed a little improvement , finishing seventh and 13th in the two races .
It was in 2009 that he showed a huge jump , even with all his struggles at other tracks .
The last time the Cup series was at Atlanta featured Harvick 's best performance both of the season and at Atlanta since that 2001 victory .
Harvick not only finished second , but he had the fastest average green - flag speed in the race , just a smidge ahead of race winner Kasey Kahne .
Edwards due ?
Taking a bigger - picture look at Atlanta , it might be time for a big performance from Carl Edwards on Sunday .
The Roush Fenway Racing cars are getting back up to speed , and although Edwards has n't been as impressive as teammates Greg Biffle and Matt Kenseth , Atlanta could be a great place for him to break out .
In particular , look for Edwards to be able to cut through traffic , as well as to be among the faster cars on the track late in a run .
Check out his ranks at Atlanta going back to 2005 :
Overall green - flag speed : First
Speed in traffic : First
Speed late in run : Second
Fastest laps run : First
Edwards ' finishes at Atlanta are impressive .
In 11 races , he has three wins , a second and two third - place runs .
Three finishes of 37th or worse hurt his average finish , but do n't let that fool you .
What about Kyle ?
OK , I gave you Edwards to be fast late in runs and in traffic , but how about switching it over to the exact opposite view ?
Hey , do n't ever say I did n't give you a little of everything .
This is a buffet - style NASCAR statistics blog .
So who do I like if it comes down to a series of shootout restarts , as these races are apt to do ?
Give me Kyle Busch , brother of last year 's winner , to be strong on short runs .
Dating back to 2005 , no driver has been faster than Kyle Busch on restarts at Atlanta , and he has the second - best average speed early in runs .
Busch was great at Atlanta in 2008 , with finishes of first and fifth , but other than that , he has n't finished better than 12th in nine other starts at the track .
That 's all I 've got for you this week .
Enjoy the race !
President Obama flinches every time support for abortion comes up in policy debates -- from the stimulus bill to healthcare reform .
How can we be motivated to come out to the polls when we doubt whether our needs are his priority ?
I find myself somewhat depressed by what ’s going on in this
moment .
A year ago , millions of us watched with great hope the inauguration of
President Obama .
I did not expect him to be a miracle worker , given the
overwhelming crises he inherited from George Bush — an economic meltdown , two
wars , an out - of - control deficit , and a crisis of faith in our government and
public institutions .
The Office of the President had lost all credibility as
the multiple lies and manipulations of the Bush - Cheney administration brought
our country to its knees .
President Obama had a full - blown mess on his hands .
He
needed to prioritize saving the economy , ending the wars , combating terrorism ,
enacting health care reform , and restoring trust in the government before he
could get to the main issues I wanted as a reproductive justice activist .
I
fully understood that we had elected a neo-liberal to beat back a neo - fascist
agenda .
So his support for Wall Street , for corporations , for moneyed interests
— while disappointing — was not surprising .
He had to have centrist ,
pro-business politics to get elected .
After all , this is the America I know ,
love , and criticize .
The author talks about the racial and economic dynamics of abortion , STDs , teen pregnancy and health care .
Sex . Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
What was truly disappointing was the way President Obama
flinched every time support for abortion came up in policy debates — from the
stimulus bill to healthcare reform .
As Sharon Camp from the Guttmacher
Institute puts it , " He ca n’t make eye contact with abortion , " an observation
those of us in the reproductive justice movement can’t help but agree with .
His
failure to stand up for the human rights of women — and to trust us — began to
make me wonder about his commitment to those of us who were his core
constituents and helped elect him .
He ’s like the prom date I had last night who
ca n’t remember my name this morning .
In many ways , his failure of leadership on abortion rights
has made things worse .
In the healthcare reform debates , we have Democratic
politicians increasing restrictions on access to abortion .
President Obama
openly supported the Hyde Amendment prohibiting the use of federal funds for
abortions for poor women , women in the military , and women receiving healthcare from the Indian Health Service .
Instead of dismantling Hyde , he’s
defending it , while not understanding that a country that can be persuaded that
poor women are second class citizens who do n’t deserve funding for abortions
can morph into a country that believes that all poor people do n’t deserve
funding for healthcare at all .
So as I continue SisterSong ’s work of building a movement of
women of color for reproductive justice , I wonder what the New Year will bring .
Will we finally begin to see White House leadership help us save the lives of
women of color who desperately need us to stand up for them ?
Will national
political leaders wake up to the reality that poor women and rural women in
states like Kentucky suffer most when the federal government compromises on
access to reproductive health care ?
Will
President Obama offer policies to substantiate his brilliant rhetoric ?
Will he
support our human rights to have children , or to not have children ?
To parent
our children in safe and healthy environments which are the cornerstones of
reproductive justice ?
The tea baggers on the right who loathe his agenda are
the least of his problems .
The diminishing faith among those in his core base
should really worry him .
How can we be motivated to come out to the polls when
we doubt whether our needs are his priority ?
Need a lesson on how to make money in a war zone ?
Try studying defense contractor KBR , a former unit of Dick Cheney ’s Halliburton .
The engineering logistics company — whose conflict zone days date to the Vietnam War — won a contract worth $ 4.6 million to repair military vehicles at a base outside Baghdad .
For the job , they employed 144 mechanics .
ADVERTISEMENT
How many hours do you think they worked ?
According to an analysis by Mother Jones , based on a report by a Pentagon Inspector General , the 144 KBR mechanics worked as little as 43 minutes per month , on average .
Even KBR ’s internal figures tell a shocking story of military contract waste .
The company says that of the workers they had , just 6.6 percent were being used at any given time , on average .
KBR said that “ worker utilization ” rates ranged from a meager 3.97 percent in April 2009 to 9.65 percent in September 2008 .
This means that , of the more than 200,000 hours they billed for , fewer than 15,000 hours were actually used .
The Pentagon Inspector ’s report reveals even poorer numbers .
Mother Jones ‘ Adam Weinstein reports that , “ In September 2008 , for example , KBR had 144 maintenance employees at Balad , available to work 16,200 hours .
Their actual ‘ utilization rate ’ was a paltry 0.63 percentÃ¢â‚¬â€ which means that each of the 144 KBR employees averaged about 43 minutes of work for the entire month . ”
Weinstein continues :
How did such a large bunch of thumb - twiddling mechanics go unnoticed ?
The Pentagon investigators found that the Army had no system in place to police how much work its contractors were actually doing .
Plus , the unit in charge of KBR ’s operation at Balad reported that the contractor would n’t reveal how many mechanics it employed there “ because it believed the information was proprietary . ”
The investigators ( who eventually got the KBR data ) note that as of last August , the number of KBR mechanics at Balad has since dropped to 75 , but they conclude diplomatically that “ opportunities for additional reductions of tactical vehicle field maintenance services at [ Balad ] may exist , which may provide additional cost savings to DOD . ”
In other words , the Army should consider sending even more contractors home .
ADVERTISEMENT
Halliburton spun off KBR in 2007 , after playing home to KBR for 44 years .
( This contract was awarded after the spinoff . )
The Pentagon Inspector General ’s report is available here in PDF form .
KBR is facing civil action over its other activities in Iraq .
A series of class - action lawsuits allege that the company exposed 100,000 people , including US troops , to cancer - causing toxins by burning waste in open - air pits in Iraq .
ADVERTISEMENT
At least 22 separate lawsuits claiming KBR poisoned American soldiers in Iraq have been combined into a single massive lawsuit that says KBR , which until not long ago was a subsidiary of Halliburton , sought to save money by disposing of toxic waste and incinerating numerous potentially harmful substances in open - air “ burn pits . ”
According to one of the lawsuits ( PDF ) , filed in a federal court in Nashville , KBR burned “ tires , lithium batteries … biohazard materials ( including human corpses ) , medical supplies ( including those used during smallpox inoculations ) , paints , solvents , asbestos insulation , items containing pesticides , polyvinyl chloride pipes , animal carcasses , dangerous chemicals , and hundreds of thousands of plastic water bottles . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
With earlier reporting by Daniel Tencer .
The next victim of the Crime Scene Killer will be murdered inside the previous crime scene(s ) , further adding to the confusion .
PARIS — France ’s National Assembly approved Thursday night a proposal to add “ psychological violence ” to a law intended to help victims of physical violence and abuse , despite doubts that the law is specific enough to have much impact .
The proposed law says that to " act or repeatedly say things that could damage the victim 's life conditions , affect his / her rights and his / her dignity or damage his / her physical or mental health ' ' is punishable by a jail term of up to three years and a fine of up to 75,000 euros , or about $ 103,000 .
Carefully covering both genders , the law applies to behavior toward a wife , husband , partner or concubine .
Danielle Bousquet , a Socialist , and Guy Geoffroy , a member of the ruling center - right Union for a Popular Movement , wrote the draft law , supported by 30 other legislators .
It received backing last November from the government and Prime Minister François Fillon , who called it “ very significant progress . ”
The new law , Mr. Fillon said , “ will allow people to take into account the most insidious situations , which do n’t leave a mark to the naked eye but can mutilate the victim ’s inner self . ”
He called the issue “ a great national cause , ” and the government has started a series of commercials on television to sensitize viewers to conjugal violence , especially against women .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
The Afghan capital was struck by three suicide bombings early Friday morning , beginning at 6:30 am local time .
Radio Azadi reports that there were five attackers , who struck in the area near the entrance of the Hotel Safi Landmark .
The first bomb damaged the hotel .
Two of these bombings , Aljazeera Arabic says , targeted guest houses for Indian expatriates in Kabul who work for companies or NGOs .
The third blast was huge , and the guesthouse was left in rubble , such that there may be bodies still within .
As I write , the death toll is estimated at 18 , with 32 wounded , and some of the dead are Indians and many of the wounded are .
The Aljazeera correspondent says that Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid told him that the mission had been to hit the “ enemies of Afghanistan from among the foreign Indians . ”
The Sydney Morning Herald confirms that the Taliban were targeting Indian hostels .
The Taliban have hit the Indian embassy in Kabul twice , once in July 2008 , and again in October 2009 .
Many Taliban have helped train or fought alongside Pakistani militant vigilantes fixated on overthrowing Indian rule of Muslim - majority Kashmir .
India is also a significant provider to Afghanistan of development aid and investment , and so is helping build up the government of Hamid Karzai .
Having offered $ 1.2 billion in reconstruction aid , India is the largest regional donor .
There are some 4,000 Indian workers in the country , some of them “ security personnel , ” according to the US Council on Foreign Relations .
Several prominent Tajik ( Persian - speaking Sunni ) politicians have long - standing ties to New Delhi because India ’s Research and Analysis Wing ( RAW , the equivalent of the CIA ) provided aid to the old Northern Alliance at a time when it was under siege in the late 1990s by the Taliban .
These Tajiks are die - hard enemies of the Taliban , who had committed massacres against them .
The Taliban animus against India thus is multifaceted .
The attack lasted about 4 hours , according to Radio Azadi , with some of the attackers using small arms fire .
All five were ultimately killed .
Some observers were surprised that the attack was launched on the commemoration of the birth of the Prophet Muhammad .
But many hard line Salafi revivalists , who say they want to go back to the practice of Islam that prevailed among the first generation of the companions of the Prophet , oppose celebration of birthdays in general and of that of the Prophet in particular .
Pollster Matt Dabrowski tweeted from Kabul that he was awakened by the first blast , and could see a smoke column bigger than the downtown indoors market building .
US Navy Lt. Joe Halstead tweeted from Kabul , “ Insurgents using Mohammed ’s Birthday and attempting to counter progress in Marjah with attack in Kabul today . ”
Friday ’s attack resembled one in January .
Although the Taliban are attempting to project an image of Kabul as having little security and the Karzai government as helpless in the face of their assaults , actually they are just proving that the Afghanistan security forces are pretty good and can fairly easily capture or kill attackers .
The Taliban have lost momentum on two fronts in recent weeks .
The CSM estimates that Pakistani authorities have captured 7 of the 15 members of the Quetta Shura , the command council of the Old Taliban of Mullah Omar .
American drone strikes killed another major Taliban leader in North Waziristan on Thursday , Muhammad Qari Zafar .
He was a mastermind of the attack on the US consulate in the southern Pakistan port of Karachi in 2006 .
The other front is Marjah , where Taliban direct attacks are becoming rare as the US military and the Afghanistan National Army establish control of the city of 80,000 .
Some twenty thousand residents have fled to nearby Lashkar Gah , the capital of Helmand province .
The Taliban are still fighting with roadside bombs , and are likely to go doing so for some time .
In the wake of these two defeats , the Taliban are apparently attempting to destabilize the capital and to punish foreigners working to stand up the new government ( in this case India ) , using the tactics of Sunni radical insurgents in Baghdad .
While this tactic can indeed slow state formation , it is just the act of a spoiler and does not lead to any positive political achievements .
End / ( Not Continued )
Exclusive Wikileaks is in the process of making a cache of documents and files from eleven different neo -Nazi organisations readable , and readily available , online .
The membership records and private messages are currently being formatted to make them easy for non-techies to read and will be released on the Wikileaks site shortly .
The organisation got massive publicity last year when it published a BNP membership list handed over by a disgruntled ex-member .
The raw data is already available but needs formatting so : " your grandmother can read them and google can find them ...
Journalists wo n't write about it otherwise . "
The site is asking for volunteers with enough database skills to be able to expand fields and dumping to text .
The compressed data is about 54MB .
The internal documents include more than just membership lists .
There are what seem to be private internal messages , forum posts and email addresses .
Groups who have lost data , or had it stolen , include Aryan Nations , Blood and Honour , White Revolution , Volks Front and the Hammerskin Nation .
The data should be available online from the usual sources shortly .
Feel free to discuss this below , but please do not post direct links to the files . ®
Image credit : sxc.hu
Recession ends , depression begins
Columnist : Phillip Tilley Posted on Saturday , 20 February , 2010 | 28 comments Columnist :
Article Copyright© Phillip Tilley - reproduced with permission .
[! gad ]
Roman poet Pathos wrote , “ Things are not always what they seem .
The first appearance deceives many .
The intelligence of the few perceives what has been carefully hidden . ”
We are told the recession is over , but the corrupt numbers the government uses to make such declarations do not match the facts .
Thus , as Pathos wrote , many of you are at first deceived .
Many of you want to believe the deception and that is the backbone of the money matrix .
Jackson Brown in his song “ The Pretender ” says , “ I ’m gonna be a happy idiot and keep working for the legal tender . ”
Lauran Tara LaCapra in her January 12 , 2010 article for MSN Money titled , “ The misleading decline in consumer debt , ” concludes , “ Essentially , our finances are wrecked , and the average household does n’t seem to have learned much .
” Consider the national debt is $ 12.3 trillion as of December 2009 .
The government says GDP ( gross domestic product ) was $ 15.7 trillion .
That means the national debt by official numbers is about 79 % of GDP .
A private ratings company , Fitch Ratings , estimates that by the end of 2010 it will have risen to 89 % and by the end of 2011 to 94 % .
In my article “ 2012 and the Economy ” I pointed out that complete collapse of the economy is likely to occur around the Mayan calendar date of December 21 , 2012 .
If the trend in National Debt to GDP continues it will reach 100 % by the end of 2012 .
I do not believe in coincidences .
Remember , this is based on the numbers the government gives us to work with if they are accurate .
That would mean if the government took 100 % of your earnings in a tax to pay the National Debt you would be left with nothing .
But truly there is no money so you have nothing now outside the money matrix !
According to an Associated Press article dated February 1 , 2010 titled “ Joblessnes not easy to reverse , ” most analysts , ( The International Monetary Fund and The National Association for Business Economics ) say economic activity will grow at only 2.5 % to 3 % for 2010 .
Growth would have to equal 5 % for all of 2010 to drop unemployment by one percentage point to 9 % .
Also the Federal Reserve and outside economists “ think ” it will take until 2016 to lower the double digit jobless rate to 6 % .
The December 2009 unemployment rate was officially 10 % .
The government in February 2010 said they underestimated the unemployed in the final week of Dec. 09 .
Instead of 85,000 jobs lost it was 150,000 jobs lost , but they did not revise the 10 % number up to 10.1 % to reflect that .
Then with more jobs lost in January they claim the unemployment rate dropped to 9.7 % .
How do you lose more jobs and have the unemployment rate go down ?
The numbers do not match the facts .
Consider economist John Williams at “ Shadow Government Statistics . ”
He calculates the consumer price index the way the government used to before 1980 , and the unemployment rate the way the government did before 1994 .
According to Williams figures , inflation is not at 3 % as the government claims , it is closer to 8.8 % .
Any house wife knows that already .
Unemployment is not 9.7 % , it is closer to 21 % , housing starts are “ statistically not different from zero .
” Add to that the fact that on Christmas Eve 2009 , the Treasury lifted the limits on bailout funds to help failed mortgages at Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae for the next three years .
It is estimated that over the next three years an additional $ 5 trillion in mortgage backed securities will fail to go with the $ 3 trillion in debt both companies already owe , putting $ 8 trillion more on taxpayer liability .
That would put the National Debt at nearly $ 25 trillion by December 2012 , double the GDP .
You would have to work two years and give 100 % of your earnings in tax to the Federal Government to pay the national debt .
There is no money , the nation is already bankrupt and as Pathos said , “ The first appearance deceives many . ”
If the recession is over we are not in recovery , the depression is just getting started .
Wake up people , the money matrix has you !
Phillip Tilley is author of The Money Matrix of the New World Order and other articles .
February 23 , 2010 CNN
Senator James Inhofe ( R - OK ) today asked the Obama administration to investigate what he called “ the greatest scientific scandal of our generation ” — the actions of climate scientists revealed by the Climategate files , and the subsequent admissions by the editors of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) Fourth Assessment Report ( AR4 ) .
Senator Inhofe also called for former Vice President Al Gore to be called back to the Senate to testify .
“ In [ Gore 's ] science fiction movie , every assertion has been rebutted , ” Inhofe said .
He believes Vice President Gore should defend himself and his movie before Congress .
An Open Letter to Taco Bell
Dear Taco Bell ,
It has come to my attention that you have recently created a Drive - Thru Diet .
You are clearly taking bold new steps to change the way Americans view healthy eating , so I am writing this letter to express my gratitude and enthusiasm and to offer insight for further improvement .
I first noticed your “ Drive - Thru Diet ” ad on a billboard outside of a childrens ’ extra-curricular learning studio in west Los Angeles .
Ever the inquiring mind , I visited Tacobell.com for some heavy research .
I read Christine Dougherty ’s 80 word story about losing 50 lbs over 2 years with Taco Bell .
Very convincing .
Then I watched TV personality Chris Rose interview four paid actors , and every single actor praised Taco Bell ’s seven healthy Fresco menu items .
Next I learned from registered dietitian Ruth Carey that some food choices are nutritionally better than others .
These people clearly were n’t lying .
The Drive - Thru Diet looked legitimate , so I decided to make a Frescolution .
I hit a road block when attempting to fill out my pledge .
The form required me to fill out “ what I know . ”
I attempted to write , “ I live a healthy lifestyle based on the 10 immutable Primal laws validated by two million years of human evolution … , ” but Taco Bell overrode that with , “ My idea of exercise involves the all - you - can - eat buffet marathon . ”
Oh well , I suppose what I know is n’t nearly as important as eating Taco Bell Fresco menu items .
So here I am , having soaked up the thorough and detailed information on your website , almost ready to embark on my two year plan of eating Taco Bell food every day .
However , I have a few simple questions before starting such an exciting , healthy journey .
First , I am slightly confused by the math of calorie reduction .
I understand that a Fresco taco is 20 calories less than a regular taco ( kudos for that feat of engineering ! ) .
If I am trying to reduce my daily consumption by 500 calories by eating Fresco tacos rather than regular tacos , does that mean I need to eat 25 Fresco tacos a day ?
( 20 calorie reduction x 25 = 500 calorie reduction ) .
That means I need to eat roughly six tacos a meal , including , of course , fourthmeal .
Speaking of which …
I am still trying to work out the logistics of fourthmeal .
If I eat fourthmeal after midnight , is it technically firstmeal ?
In calculating daily calories , which day does fourthmeal count for ?
If I eat fourthmeal at the stroke of midnight , does it count for both days or neither ?
And also , if I eat fourthmeal every day , when do I sleep ?
Finally , what exactly did Christine eat ?
If I know the combination of Taco Bell choices she made , I would feel much more confident moving forward .
Did she keep a food log ?
Once you have answered my questions , I will be delighted to fulfill my Frescolution .
Additionally , while I have no criticism of your company or your dietary philosophy , I do see room for improvement in your quest to convert American eaters into healthy decision makers .
Below , I ’ve listed a few possible menu adjustments …
1. A “ Sans Queso ! ” option
After close scrutiny of your seven Fresco menu items , I discovered the secret to your revolutionary way of creating healthy foods :
You replace the cheese with tomatoes .
I ’m no food lab scientist , but with careful engineering it seems you could apply the Cheese Removal Principle to not just seven menu items , but to every single product you offer .
Call it “ Sans Queso ! ” and you ’ve got an entire menu full of super - healthy foods .
Want a healthy Mexican pizza ?
Sans Qeuso ! it .
Sans queso !
that volcano nachos and you ’ve turned a 1,000 calorie item into a 920 calorie health food .
It ’s not a reduction of quantity , it ’s an upgrade of health .
You can even charge an extra thirty cents to Sans Queso !
a food .
The new anti-supersize .
2 . A calorie total at purchase – All your food items have calorie amounts the same as they have prices .
How hard would it be to include a function on the cash register that adds up the total calories of the foods purchased and prints it on the receipt ?
Heck , take it a step further and tell the customer directly , “ Your total is $ 8.76 and your calorie total is 2,400 .
Would you like to Sans Queso !
your meal for an extra thirty cents ? ” Bam .
Satisfied customer , more profit , and less wasted ingredients .
Is that genius or what ?
3. Salsa – I ’m not one to make rude accusations , but it does occur to me that you are a Mexican restaurant without a salsa bar .
I do respect your little border sauce packets of modified food starch , autolyzed yeast extract , sugar , onion juice , and xantham gum , but including a secondary option of fresh chopped tomatoes , onions , and tomatillas could improve both taste and the amount of nutrients your customers consume .
So get yourself a salsa bar .
People like salsa and they like bars , it ’s a win-win .
4. An “ UnFried Salad ” – The traditional Taco Bell Mexican salad sits in an edible bowl of fried enriched bleached flour and corn .
That fried bowl sits in a second , plastic bowl .
I suggest removing the edible bowl and placing the salad directly into the plastic bowl .
You may have concerns about the way customers will react to this “ one bowl ” concept .
The problem can be solved easily by using a “ do not eat this bowl ” warning label .
Fill the plastic bowl with a bed of lettuce , grilled chicken , salsa from your newly installed salsa bar , and a couple slices of avocado ( the fresh kind , not the green stuff I ’ve seen your employees squeeze out of a caulking gun )
That ’s a healthy menu item if ever there was one .
Sans Queso !
that salad for thirty cents and make it even healthier .
5. Water – I ca n’t help but notice the 32 oz cup of Diet Pepsi that accompanies all the pictures of your Fresco menu foods .
Have you considered creating a 32 oz cup that says , “ Water ! ” I ’ve never seen a fast food water cup before .
Taco Bell could be the first .
6. Rename all products according to the Gordita methodology
I ’d never heard of a Gordita before you added one to your menu .
I had to pull out the old translation dictionary to learn that “ gordita ” is Spanish for “ chubby . ”
What a brilliant concept !
Right there in the name of the food you ’ve included a warning for how the food will make you look and feel .
I love it !
You should rename other menu items to include similar warnings .
A nacho bell grande could be called an “ estomago grande , ” a caramel empanada could be a “ caramel diabetica , ” and a mexican pizza could simply be “ El Diarrea . ”
7 . A weekly taco limit – Like the bartender who cuts off the alcoholic , set a hard limit on the number of tacos a customer can buy .
Consult Ruth Carey , your registered dietitian , and figure out how many tacos a week someone must eat to remain healthy .
Never sell a customer more than that number .
Last , but certainly not least …
8. TELL PEOPLE WHERE YOUR MEAT COMES FROM – Consumers are fickle , skeptical doubters , and I ’m sure you ’ve heard some of the rumors and urban legends surrounding the origins of your meat .
To jog your memory , there have been claims that your meat is of lower quality than dog food meat ; that it contains feces ; that there are fingernail fragments , human blood , ash , worm , copper wire residue , cellophane , and bits of Jimmy Hoffa floating around in your meat .
While I ’m fairly certain these accusations are false , I was unable to find any information on your website as to meat origin and quality .
I even called your hotline , with no further success .
Why not replace one of the 3 giant 5 layer burrito posters on each store using the third to show a picture of the grass fed , grass finished cows that I ’m sure you use to make those burritos .
I do realize making these changes may take a small upfront investment .
Because I feel as responsible for America ’s health as I ’m sure you do , I am willing to put my money where my mouth is .
If you make all eight of the suggested changes , I will donate $ 10,000 to a charity of your choice ( perhaps the American Diabetes Association ? ) .
Thank you for reading my letter and for creating a diet that does not require me to leave my car .
Maybe one day you will take the next step by creating a “ Delivery Diet ” so I wo n’t have to leave my house .
Yours in good health ,
Mark Sisson
About the Author Mark Sisson is the founder of Mark ’s Daily Apple , godfather to the Primal food and lifestyle movement , and the New York Times bestselling author of The Keto Reset Diet .
His latest book is Keto for Life , where he discusses how he combines the keto diet with a Primal lifestyle for optimal health and longevity .
Mark is the author of numerous other books as well , including The Primal Blueprint , which was credited with turbocharging the growth of the primal / paleo movement back in 2009 .
After spending three decades researching and educating folks on why food is the key component to achieving and maintaining optimal wellness , Mark launched Primal Kitchen , a real - food company that creates Primal / paleo , keto , and Whole30 - friendly kitchen staples .
Post navigation
If you 'd like to add an avatar to all of your comments click here !
Traces of ' dark matter ' discovered 2,000 ft below the ground
Scientists may have caught their first ever glimpse of " dark matter " - the mysterious , invisible substance that makes up three quarters of the matter of the universe .
Traces of two " dark matter particles " were picked up by highly sensitive detectors buried 2,000 ft below the ground at the bottom of an old iron mine , researchers report today .
The scientists say there is a three in four chance that the observations are genuine particles of dark matter , rather than just background noise .
Discovery : Scientists believe they have found particles of ' dark matter ' , illustrated here in a computer - generated image ( the ' dark matter ' is in pink )
Dark matter is one of the big mysteries of physics and its discovery would be one of the greatest scientific breakthroughs of the last 100 years .
In the 1930s astronomers first realised that the stars , gas and dust only made up a fraction of the matter of the universe .
They concluded that galaxies would fall apart unless they were held in place by the gravitational pull of some vast , invisible substance .
For more than 80 years , scientists have debated what this dark matter could be and why we can't see it .
One of the most likely candidates is a tiny object called a " weakly interactive massive particle " or Wimp which bombards the earth from space .
Researchers have been looking for traces of Wimps for the last nine years at the bottom of a disused Soudan iron mine in Minnesota .
The experiment uses 30 detectors , frozen to minus 273.1C designed to spot the traces of Wimps after they have bounced into an ordinary atom .
The experiment is buried so deep because Wimps - unlike particles from space - can pass straight through the thick layers of earth and rock .
The researchers report in the journal Science that they have spotted two traces of Wimps .
However , they need to find more before they can be certain they have found the elusive dark matter particle .
Dr Tarek Saab , from the University of Florida at Gainesville , said : ' Many people believe we are extremely close - not just us , but other experiments .
It is expected or certainly hoped that in the next five years or so , someone will see a clear signal . '
But he acknowledged the current evidence was not quite strong enough .
' With one or two events , it 's tough , ' he said .
' The numbers are too small . '
NASA chief Charles Bolden vowed to produce a detailed plan to develop the technology needed to get astronauts to Mars after lawmakers blasted the agency ’s lack of clear goals at a congressional hearing on Wednesday .
On 1 February , Bolden announced the president ’s intention to cancel the Constellation programme , which was tasked with developing rockets and other hardware to return humans to the moon .
In the agency ’s proposed 2011 budget , the White House did not specify where NASA would go instead but funded work on new technologies for space flight and encouraged the development of commercial space taxis to transport astronauts to the International Space Station .
The new plan faced criticism from lawmakers on Wednesday at a hearing of the US Senate ’s Science and Space subcommittee – Bolden ’s first congressional hearing since the plan was announced .
Advertisement
Solar system exploration
Subcommittee chairman Bill Nelson of Florida , a Democrat , said the proposal “ gave the perception that the president was killing the manned space programme ” and left the agency ’s new goals unclear .
“ The president , either himself or through [ the NASA ] administrator needs to clearly state what the goal is , ” he said .
Bolden responded that Mars is “ the ultimate destination for human space exploration ” , and said that the agency would soon have a more detailed plan to develop the technology needed to get there .
“ We ’ll develop a plan over the coming months , ” he said , insisting there had not been enough time since the announcement to create “ a complete plan on something as important as how we get deeper into the solar system ” .
Nelson did not reject the new plan outright , pointing to “ more positive things ” within it , such as the funding boost for technology research and development .
Heavy - lift rocket
But he said he is concerned that there is relatively little money available in the new budget to develop a powerful “ heavy - lift ” rocket needed to send astronauts beyond low - Earth orbit .
In response , Bolden referred to the possibility of setting up fuel depots in orbit , which could enable smaller rockets to make trips beyond low - Earth orbit .
But he also said the agency may eventually ramp up its investments in more powerful rockets .
“ There will come a time when I will ask for more money on heavy lift , ” he said .
The new plan is just a proposal so far .
It will be implemented only if Congress votes to approve the budget requested by the White House .
Getting that approval will be a challenge .
Subcommittee member David Vitter of Louisiana , a Republican , said he would “ fight with every ounce of energy I have ” against the plan , which he said would “ surrender … our world leadership in this area ” .
Bolden is scheduled to appear before a committee of the US House of Representatives on Thursday .
A Boy Scout executive took the stand Friday during a Portland civil trial to explain why the organization keeps files -- including " perversion files " -- on volunteers deemed unfit to serve .
The thousands of former Scout leaders who 've been tracked include not only suspected child molesters , thieves and johns but also gays , atheists and agnostics .
Nate Marshall of the Boy Scouts of America told jurors that the files were meant to help the organization keep undesirables out .
He spoke specifically of files kept from 1965 to 1985 , but acknowledged that the Scouts continue to gather such information .
Read more
Read
of the trial .
The information , Marshall said , helps maintain the Scouts ' positive image and has helped make it " one of the safest organizations a young person can be involved in . "
The files offer an exceptionally rare glimpse into the Scouts ' inner workings -- showing that the Scouts themselves knew the organization had attracted scores of pedophiles , and providing ammunition to critics who see the Scouts as discriminatory because of their antipathy toward gays and those who do n't profess belief in God.
Patrick Boyle , an expert and author on Boy Scout abuses , said he knows of only one other time the files have been made public as part of a trial .
Marshall 's testimony came as the Boy Scouts of America and Oregon's
defend themselves in
against a $ 14 million lawsuit by a man who was molested by a Portland Boy Scout volunteer named
in the early 1980s .
The man , now 37 , is listed in court documents by the pseudonym Jack Doe.
Kelly Clark , one of Doe 's attorneys , contends that regardless of whether files were meant to keep out pedophiles , they failed to protect his client .
Doe was molested at least six times after Dykes told a local Scout coordinator , Gordon McEwen , that he had molested 17 Scouts , according to Doe 's lawsuit .
Dykes , now a convicted pedophile , admitted molesting Doe in a videotaped deposition .
The Oregonian is not naming Doe because he is a victim of sex abuse .
Marshall told jurors Friday that he is the employee who knows the most about the files .
He oversees the files , which are kept in a locked , fire - proof cabinet -- with one set of keys -- at national offices in Irving , Texas .
Only he and an assistant handle the files , he said , which date to 1949 .
Paul Mones , an attorney for Doe , cited a Boy Scouts document that says the files existed as early as 1919 .
Marshall explained that the Boy Scouts of America sorts volunteers deemed unfit into six categories : criminal , financial , leadership , religious , moral and perversion .
Those who fall into the first three categories have committed crimes , been involved in inappropriate financial dealings or proved themselves poor leaders by treating children badly .
The " religious " files describe volunteers who are atheists or agnostics , and thus not allowed in the organization .
The " moral " category is designated for gays .
And the " perversion " category designates volunteers who 've committed sexual misconduct , such as molesting children , soliciting prostitutes or possessing child pornography .
From 1965 to 1985 , he said , the Boy Scouts created 1,587 confidential files , also known as " ineligible volunteer files . "
Of those , 1,123 files , or 71 percent , were created on volunteers with perversions .
Marshall did n't break down how many of those were considered suspected child molesters .
Doe 's attorneys -- who successfully fought to have 1,247 of the files entered into court as part of the lawsuit -- say that 1,000 of them are for suspected pedophiles .
Earlier Friday , jurors watched the videotaped testimony of Gordon McEwen , who in the 1980s was the local Scout coordinator and a bishop in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints .
McEwen said he acted " pretty fast " after Dykes confessed -- Dykes was " disfellowed " from the Mormon church and was n't allowed to associate with Scouts .
Doe 's attorneys say Dykes was not kept away from the Boy Scouts but allowed to continue joining them in activities .
The trial , attracting national attention , started this week and is expected to take four weeks .
On Monday , Marshall will continue his testimony .
The film - like electrodes taped to this person ’s arm transmit electromagnetic waves through their skin ( Image : Korea University )
First we sent data through wires , then the air , now the human body is becoming a communications conduit .
Researchers at Korea University in Seoul have transmitted data at a rate of 10 megabits per second through a person ’s arm , between two electrodes placed on their skin 30 centimetres apart .
The thin , flexible electrodes use significantly less energy than a wireless link like Bluetooth .
That ’s because low - frequency electromagnetic waves pass through skin with little attenuation , a route that also shelters them from outside interference .
Advertisement
Under surveillance
Rather than wiring people directly to the internet , the team see health benefits for their technology .
It is difficult to monitor vital signs , such as blood sugar and electrical activity of the heart , in a person going about their everyday lives because it means either covering them in snaking wires connected to a recording device , or using wireless transmission .
“ If we use wireless for each of these vital signs we would need many batteries , ” says study co-author Sang - Hoon Lee of Korea University in Seoul .
A network transmitting through the skin would cut energy needs by roughly 90 per cent , he says .
Skin safe
A communications link that worked in this way was first demonstrated in 2005 by researchers at the University of Tokyo in Japan .
But the electrodes used were large , rigid and made of silver chloride , which can cause skin irritation if kept in place for long periods of time .
Lee and colleagues coated a metal electrode with a flexible silicon - rich polymer and made sure it was skin safe by asking volunteers to wear an electrode on their shoulder , or behind their ear for a week .
They also carried out cytotoxicity tests using human cell cultures .
The entire device is 300 micrometres thick – about the width of three human hairs – and withstood tests in which it was bent to a 90 - degree angle 700,000 times .
Under your skin
The Korean team are working with a large electronics manufacturer to develop health - monitoring networks using the new electrodes .
Lee says future versions could even be embedded beneath the skin for long - term monitoring applications , such as electrocardiography ( ECG ) or electroencephalography ( EEG ) .
Researchers at Nippon Telegraph and Telephone are also working on intra-body networks , with such goals as allowing individuals to unlock doors by touching them .
But the fact that most existing gadgets are already built to handle wireless protocols such as Bluetooth makes using those much more feasible for such consumer applications , says John Lach , an electrical and computer engineer at the University of Virginia in Charlottesville .
“ You would need to attach some type of receiver to connect an intra-body network to a cellphone , whereas most cellphones are already Bluetooth enabled . ”
In medical applications , though , using the body as a conduit makes more sense , he says .
“ We are going to have to explore more energy - efficient communication systems because wireless transmission is such a big power hog . ”
Journal reference : Journal of Micromechanics and Microengineering
President Tandja was first voted into office in 1999 Niger President Mamadou Tandja and his cabinet are being held by soldiers after a gun battle and coup attempt in the capital , Niamey .
Gunfire broke out around the presidential palace at about 1300 ( 1200 GMT ) and continued for 30 minutes , says the BBC's Idy Baraou in the capital .
State radio is playing military music - a similar pattern to two coups in the 1990s .
Tensions have been growing in the uranium - rich nation since last year .
Mr Tandja was widely criticised when he changed the constitution in August to allow him to stand for a third term .
Long - term tensions
Our correspondent says tanks have been firing and witnesses report seeing injured people being taken to hospital .
An unnamed French official told AFP that a coup attempt was under way .
" All I can say is that it would appear that Tandja is not in a good position , " he told the news agency on condition of anonymity .
AT THE SCENE Idy Baraou
BBC News , Niamey
The exchange of gunfire has been between soldiers but it is confusing and one cannot tell one side from another .
I saw tanks being fired and soldiers on the streets using machine guns .
The area near the presidential palace is where the business of government takes place and at least four military barracks are based there .
People have fled the area and some civil servants have locked themselves inside their offices .
Earlier , smoke could be seen from the roof of the office where President Mamadou Tandja was holding his cabinet meeting .
Soldiers captured Mr Tandja while he was chairing his weekly cabinet meeting , a government source told the BBC .
AFP later reported an official as saying Mr Tandja was possibly being held at a military barracks about 20 km ( 13 miles ) west of Niamey .
A witness told the news agency that the bodies of three soldiers had been taken to a military mortuary .
The situation in Niamey remains unclear - there has apparently been no large - scale deployment of military personnel .
The government and opposition have been holding on - off talks since December - mediated by the regional body Ecowas - to try to resolve the country 's political crisis .
Ecowas has told the BBC that it is closely following developments in Niger .
The organisation 's political director , Abdel - Fatau Musah , said that , if needed , Ecowas would be in the country as quickly as it could to ensure order was maintained and constitutional order restored as soon as possible .
Mr Musah said that while Ecowas would never recognise a military takeover , it would maintain a constructive engagement with those in authority in Niger .
Mr Tandja , a former army officer , was first voted into office in 1999 and was returned to power in an election in 2004 .
Niger has experienced long periods of military rule since independence from France in 1960 .
It is one of the world 's poorest countries , but Mr Tandja 's supporters argue that his decade in power has brought a measure of economic stability .
Under his tenure , work has begun on the world 's second - biggest uranium mine , and energy deals have been signed with Chinese firms .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The fallout from Mt. Rainier ’s shrinking glaciers is beginning to roll downhill , and nowhere is the impact more striking than on the volcano ’s west side .
“ This is it in spades , ” U.S. Park Service geologist Paul Kennard said recently , scrambling up a 10 - foot - high mass of dirt and boulders bulldozed back just enough to clear the road .
As receding glaciers expose crumbly slopes , vast amounts of gravel and sediment are being sluiced into the rivers that flow from the region ’s tallest peak .
Much of the material sweeps down in rain - driven slurries .
“ The rivers are filling up with stuff , ” Kennard said from his vantage point atop the pile .
He pointed out ancient stands of fir and cedar now standing in water .
Inside Mt. Rainier National Park , gravel - choked rivers threaten to spill across roads , overtake bridges and flood the historic park complex at Longmire .
Downstream , communities in King and Pierce counties cast a wary eye at the volcano .
As glaciers continue to pull back , the result could be increased flood danger across the Puget Sound lowlands for decades .
“ There is significant evidence that things are changing dramatically at Mt. Rainier , ” environmental consultant Tim Abbe said .
“ We need to start planning for it now . ”
Similar dynamics are playing out at all of the region ’s major glaciated peaks , according to research hydrologist Gordon Grant of the U.S. Forest Service .
Climate experts blame global warming , triggered by emissions from industries and cars , for much of the ongoing retreat of glaciers worldwide .
North Cascades National
Park has lost half of its ice area in the last century .
Mt. Rainier ’s glaciers have shrunk by more than a quarter .
“ Every year it ’s been either bad or really bad , ” Kennard said .
“ This year it was really , really bad . ”
Glaciers buttress immense moraines and stabilize steep slopes .
As they pull back , the vulnerable terrain is exposed to weather and tugged by gravity .
All recent debris flows on Mt. Rainier have occurred in recently deglaciated areas , Grant said .
“ The whole mountain is covered with unstable debris , it ’s steep -- and then you put a lot of water on it , ” he said .
Most debris flows are triggered by heavy rain .
Climate scientists disagree on whether the entire Northwest is being hit by significantly stronger storms than in the past , but there ’s no doubt that ’s the case at Mt. Rainier , Kennard said .
Precipitation records show more intense rainfall .
According to stream - flow data , what was once a 100 - year flood on the Nisqually River now occurs every 14 years .
In November 2006 , a storm dumped 18 inches of rain on the park in 36 hours , sweeping away a campground and closing the park for more than six months .
Debris flows can carry boulders the size of buses and sweep staggering amounts of gravel and sediment into rivers .
The bed of the Nisqually River below its namesake glacier has risen by 38 feet since 1910 , largely as a result of debris flows from the margins of the rapidly retreating ice , Kennard said .
The park visitor center at Longmire , with its stone buildings and National Park Inn , sits more than 30 feet below the Nisqually River .
The park constructed concrete - reinforced berms to keep the water at bay .
Every riverbed in the park is rising , Kennard said , and the rate of buildup has increased nearly tenfold over the last decade .
Glacial retreat may be aggravating the flow of sediment , but the basic process is as old as the volcano itself .
In the past , eruptions have unleashed mud flows that smothered surrounding valleys and reached all the way to Puget Sound .
From the 1930s through the 1980s , Pierce County dredged gravel from the Puyallup River system almost every year to reduce the risk of floods , said Lorin Reinelt , program manager for the county ’s flood - management plan .
Most dredging ended by the early 1990s , as concern for fish habitat took precedence .
Officials also realized that digging out gravel provides a brief fix at best .
“ In many cases it just fills back up during the next event , ” Reinelt said .
Communities are trying to figure out what rising levels of gravel and sediment from Mt. Rainier will mean for future flood risks -- and what they can do about it .
Short of relocating Longmire , dredging is the only obvious way to keep the river from swallowing the park complex , Kennard said .
Downstream , Reinelt said , a more effective approach might be to move levees back to give the rivers more room to spill their banks , meander and deposit gravel without affecting homes or businesses .
“ This is a pretty significant issue , ” he said .
“ It seems like we ’re on a trajectory that ’s not likely to reverse any time soon . ”
Doughton writes for the Seattle Times .
Much of the conflict centered on the racial balance of the historical figures to be included in textbooks starting in the 2011 - 2012 school year .
Tempers boiled over when sex or religion were added to the mix .
Members grew increasingly distraught over the process as they moved toward a preliminary adoption of new social studies curriculum standards , set for today .
And one , Mary Helen Berlanga , D - Corpus Christi , walked out shortly after 5 p.m. as the board added two more Anglos , Lawrence “ Sul ” Ross and John Nance Garner , to a standard on the contributions of Texas leaders .
“ We can just pretend that this is White America .
Hispanics do n't exist , ” Berlanga said as she left .
Earlier , she said the Legislature should abolish the board if its makeup and methods do n't change with the November general election .
Berlanga , its longest - serving member , has been on the board since 1982 .
A partisan vote on the government 's relationship to religion was typical of the skirmishes .
Mavis Knight , D - Dallas , was unable to attract any Republican support for her motion to teach students that government is not supposed to favor any religion .
Knight 's proposed amendment : “ Examine the reasons the Founding Fathers protected religious freedom in America by barring government from protecting or disfavoring any particular religion over all others , ” was defeated .
Board member Cynthia Dunbar , R - Richmond , a Liberty College law professor , called Knight 's proposal inaccurate .
“ We do n't want our religious history to be drawn from a viewpoint that is not historically accurate , ” Dunbar said .
Later , she said the nation 's Founding Founders were not antagonistic toward religion : “ They did not have a ‘ barring ' ideology . ”
Distrust of liberals
Kathy Miller , president of the Texas Freedom Network , called the vote on Knight 's amendment “ stunning . ”
Religious wars in Europe pushed the Founding Fathers to guarantee religious liberty to ensure a strong and united country , said Miller , whose liberal - leaning organization monitors the board .
“ Clearly , this board does n't understand how critical that was to America 's founding , ” she said .
David Bradley , R- Beaumont , said Republicans generally distrust their liberal colleagues .
“ There 's a hostility toward faith , specifically Christianity , ” Bradley said , calling Knight 's motion “ one more attempt to muddy the waters . ”
The board also rejected experts who recommended a sociology standard for high school students to “ differentiate between sex and gender as social constructs and determine how gender and socialization interact . ”
The focus would shift to “ transgender , transvestites and who knows what else , ” predicted Barbara Cargill , R- The Woodland , calling the proposed standard “ totally inappropriate . ”
“ Talking about your heterosexual experiences ” is inappropriate , added Terri Leo , R - Spring .
Those who lost that 9 - 6 vote argued that students are mature enough to discuss the issue in class because they already talk about it informally .
Race also provoked sharp debate .
Berlanga attached copies of old signs on her desk : “ This park was given for White people only .
Mexicans and Negroes stay out , ” read one .
But she failed to muster any Republican support for her amendment identifying minority Medal of Honor recipients .
Bradley said he wanted schoolchildren to learn about Medal of Honor recipients but questioned Berlanga 's criteria .
“ We are doing it by skin color , and I object to that . ”
After she left , the board voted to have students discuss Medal of Honor recipients of all races and gender , such as Vernon J. Baker , Alvin York and Roy Benavidez — respectively , an African - American hero from World War II , an Anglo who fought in World War I , and a Hispanic hero from the Vietnam War .
Last year 's Texas public school enrollment included 2.3 million Hispanic , 1.6 million white and 671,871 African - American children .
Hip - hop out , country in
Earlier in the day , Berlanga said her board colleagues are not being realistic .
“ They want to believe that things were as they remember them when they were children — protected and thinking everything is fine across the world , ” she said .
“ It 's all ideology .
Let 's not talk about the bad things that have happened in the past .
Let 's just talk about the great things . ”
Rick Agosto , D - San Antonio , said he felt frustrated because Hispanic children are entitled to more examples of contributions by Hispanics .
Agosto , Rene Nuñez , D - El Paso and Lawrence Allen Jr. , D - Houston , quietly left 90 minutes before the meeting ended , leaving Knight as the lone Democratic member .
Republicans then got their way , including removing hip - hop as an example of a “ significant cultural movement ” in American society for high school history .
Country music survived .
gscharrer@express-news.net
If enacted , it will advance what this writer addressed in a December 2007 article titled , " Police State America - A Look Back and Ahead , " covering numerous Bush administration laws , Executive Orders ( EOs ) , National and Homeland Security Presidential Directives , edicts , and various illegal acts targeting designated domestic and foreign adversaries , dissent , civil liberties , human rights , and other democratic freedoms .
Straightaway post -9/11 , George Bush signed a secret finding empowering the CIA to " Capture , Kill or Interrogate Al - Qaeda Leaders . "
He also authorized establishing a covert global gulag to detain and interrogate them without guidelines on proper treatment .
Other presidential directives ordered abductions , torture and indefinite detentions .
In November 2001 , Military Order Number 1 empowered the Executive to capture , kidnap or otherwise arrest non-citizens ( and later citizens ) anywhere in the world for any reason and hold them indefinitely without charge , evidence , due process or judicial fairness protections of law .
The 2006 Military Commissions
Act authorized torture and sweeping unconstitutional powers to detain , interrogate and prosecute alleged suspects and collaborators ( including US citizens ) , hold them ( without evidence ) indefinitely in military prisons , and deny them habeas and other legal protections .
Section 1031 of the FY 2010 Defense Authorization
Act contained the 2009 Military Commissions Act , listing changes that include discarding the phrase " unlawful enemy combatant " for " unprivileged enemy belligerent . "
More on that below .
Seamlessly , Obama continues Bush administration practices and added others , including : -- greater than ever surveillance ; -- ruthless political persecutions ; -- preventively detaining individuals ordered released - " who can not be prosecuted , " he said , " yet who pose a clear danger to the American people ; " -- a secret " hit list " authorizing CIA and Pentagon operatives to kill US citizens abroad based on unsubstantiated evidence they 're involved in alleged plots against America or US interests ; -- weaker whisleblower protections ; -- state secrets privilege to block lawsuits by victims of rendition , torture , abuse or warrantless wiretapping ; and -- other anti-democratic measures .
Now , the March 4 S. 3081 : Enemy Belligerent , Interrogation , Detention , and Prosecution Act of 2010 to interrogate and detain " enemy belligerents who commit hostile acts against the United States to establish certain limitations on the prosecution of such belligerents , and for other purposes . "
On the Senate floor , John McCain explained it , saying " we still do n't have a clear mechanism , legal structure , and implementing policy for dealing with terrorists who we capture in the ( alleged ) act of trying to bring about attacks on the United States and our national security interests at home and abroad . "
These suspects have no right to " Miranda warnings and defense lawyers .
Instead , the priority and focus must be on isolating and neutralizing the immediate threat and collecting intelligence to prevent " any attacks .
" I ( also ) believe we must establish a system for long - term detention of terrorists who are too dangerous to release , but who cannot be tried in a civilian court " because no evidence exists to convict them .
At a March 4 press conference , Senator Joe Lieberman told reporters : " These are not common criminals .
They are war criminals .
Anyone we capture in this war should be treated as a prisoner of war , held by the military , interrogated for information that will protect Americans and help us win this war and then where appropriate , tried not in a normal federal court where criminals are tried but before a military commission . "
S. 3081 Provisions
The bill imposes harsh police state measures , including : -- targeting anyone worldwide , including US citizens , " suspected of engaging in ( or materially supporting ) hostilities against the United States or its coalition partners through an act of terrorism , or by other means ... ; " -- placing such individuals " in military custody for purposes of initial interrogation and determination of status in accordance with the provisions of this Act ; " -- transporting them to intelligence officials for more interrogation ; -- determining who may be a " high - value detainee ( HVD ) ; " -- further interrogating those individuals by a " High - Value Detainee Interrogation Group ( HVIG ) .... utiliz( ing ) military and intelligence personnel , and Federal , State , and local law enforcement personnel .... ; " -- having HVIGs submit their determination to the Defense Secretary and Attorney General after consulting with the Directors of National Intelligence , FBI , and CIA .
" The Secretary of Defense and Attorney General ( will then ) make a final determination and report ( it ) to the President and the appropriate committees of Congress .
In the case of any disagreement between the Secretary of Defense and the Attorney General , the President will make the determination ; " -- designating seized individuals " unprivileged enemy belligerent ( s ) ; " -- denying them Miranda rights : -- deciding on a " Final ( status ) Determination " within 48 hours , " to the extent practicable ; " -- letting the President establish HVD interrogation group operations and activities , including whether detainees " meet the criteria for treatment as a high - value detainee for purposes of interrogation .... , " including the potential threat held individuals pose : ( 1 ) for an attack against America , its citizens , US military personnel or facilities ; ( 2 ) their potential intelligence value ; ( 3 ) membership in or affiliation with Al Qaeda ; and ( 4 ) " such other matters as the President considers appropriate . "
Pending final determination , detainees " shall be treated as unprivileged enemy belligerent ( s ) , " defined as : " An individual , including a citizen of the United States ( to ) be detained without criminal charges and without trial for the duration of hostilities against the United States or its coalition partners in which the individual has engaged , or which the individual has purposely and materially supported , consistent with the law of war and any authorization for the use of military force provided by Congress pertaining to such hostilities . "
An " unprivileged enemy belligerent " means anyone ( with or without evidence ) suspected of " engag ( ing ) in ( or materially supporting ) hostilities against the United States or its coalition partners , " including alleged Al Qaeda members .
Raised Concerns
Designating individuals " unlawful enemy combatants " or " unprivileged enemy belligerents " places them in legal limbo , contrary to international law , the Constitution , and three recent Supreme Court decisions : -- Rasul v. Bush ( 2004 ) establishing US court system jurisdiction to decide if Guantanamo - held non-US citizens were wrongfully imprisoned ; -- Hamdi v. Rumsfeld ( 2004 ) granting US citizen Yaser Hamdi and other Guantanamo detainees habeas rights to challenge their detentions in federal courts ; and -- Hamdan v. Rumsfeld ( 2006 ) denying Guantanamo military commissions " the power to proceed because ( their ) structures and procedures violate both the Uniform Code of Military Justice and the four Geneva Conventions signed in 1949 . "
Obama - ordered preventive detentions ( against uncharged persons ) and S. 3081 violate international law , the Constitution , and the above Supreme Court decisions .
Writing for the Jurist Legal News & Research , University of Utah Law Professor , Amos Guiora , calls the proposed bill " the latest example of panic - based legislation " in the wake of the ( false flag ) December airplane bombing and whether alleged 9/11 suspects will be tried in federal or military courts - Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and others falsely charged based on tortured - extracted confessions .
Holding detainees through " end of hostilities in the terrorism paradigm is a euphemism for indefinite detention .... subject ( ing ) an extraordinarily broad group of persons " to cruel and inhumane treatment based on unsubstantiated charges , and denying them due process and judicial fairness .
Guiora calls the proposed law : " a fundamental miscarriage of justice created by the unconstitutional denial of the right to counsel , the right to remain silent , the right to be free from arbitrary , let alone indefinite detention , and the right to a day in court . "
Unfortunately , too often " legitimacy and justification take a back seat " to expediency and the political climate of the times .
As a result , innocent victims are unjustly arrested , called terrorists , interrogated , tortured , indefinitely detained and denied all rights despite constitutional and international law protections .
" Republicans and Democrats alike have failed to articulate , create and implement a lawful interrogation , detention and trial regime for post - 9/11 detainees .
That is shameful and reflects negatively on two Presidents , the Congress and the Supreme Court . "
The major media also .
Their reports hype the threat , pre-determine guilt , and influence public opinion to believe government - charged individuals are dangerous , guilty , and should be confined to deter " terrorism . "
Yet the Constitution 's Fifth Amendment states : " No person shall .... be deprived of life , liberty , or property without due process of law .... ; " and The 14th Amendment reads : No " State ( may ) deprive any person of life , liberty , or property , without due process of law ; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws . "
Yet in a climate of fear and intimidation , everyone is potentially vulnerable to legislative lawlessness if congressional timidity lets S. 3081 pass in an election year .
According to Guiora , it comes down to " the rule of law or the rule of fear . "
Protecting American citizens and national security is one thing .
Discarding core legal principles to do it reflects the worst elements of police state justice .
Stephen Lendman lives in Chicago and can be reached at lendmanstephen@sbcglobal.net .
Also visit his blog site at sjlendman .
blogspot.com and listen to cutting - edge discussions with distinguished guests on the Progressive Radio News Hour on the Progressive Radio Network Thursdays at 10 AM US Central time and Saturdays and Sundays at noon .
All programs are archived for easy listening .
http://prognewshour.progressiveradionetwork.org/
http://lendmennews.progressiveradionetwork.org/
LANCASTER , Calif . —
The California budget crisis has forced the state to address a problem that expert panels and judges have wrangled over for decades : how to reduce prison overcrowding .
The state has begun in recent weeks the most significant changes since the 1970s to reduce overcrowding — and chip away at an astonishing 70 percent recidivism rate , the highest in the country — as the prison population becomes a major drag on the state ’s crippled finances .
Many in the state still advocate a tough approach , with long sentences served in full , and some early problems with released inmates have given critics reason to complain .
But fiscal reality , coupled with a court - ordered reduction in the prison population , is pouring cold water on old solutions like building more prisons .
About 11 percent of the state budget , or roughly $ 8 billion , goes to the penal system , putting it ahead of expenditures like higher education , an imbalance Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has vowed to fix .
The commandant of the Marine Corps said Thursday that gays should not be allowed to serve openly in the military , becoming the most senior commander to break from President Obama ’s goal of lifting the ban .
Gen. James T. Conway , testifying before the Senate Armed Services Committee , said the policy known as “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” should be left alone .
“ I think the current policy works , ” he said .
“ My best military advice to this committee , to the secretary , to the president , would be to keep the law such as it is . ”
Conway ’s stance is considered crucial because it shows there are sharp disagreements among top officers and within the Joint Chiefs of Staff about whether to allow gays and lesbians to serve openly .
Opposition from military leaders helped derail earlier efforts to lift the ban , most notably former President Clinton ’s effort in 1993 .
Advertisement
Unlike previous attempts to ease rules , however , top Pentagon officials have endorsed a change .
Adm. Michael G. Mullen , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs , said this month that he wanted a new policy and that allowing gays to serve openly was a matter of “ integrity . ”
Republicans opposed to changing the policy have said that Mullen ’s views do not represent those of other senior military leaders .
The chiefs of the various military services have been testifying before the House and Senate this week , and lawmakers have questioned them about the Obama administration ’s plans to overturn the 1993 law that bars gays and lesbians from serving openly .
Since the law was passed , about 14,000 service members have been removed from the military because of their sexual orientation .
During their testimony , none of the chiefs backed Mullen ’s position by calling for an end to the ban .
But all of the chiefs , including Conway , have supported Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates ’ plan to study the effect of changing of the law .
Advertisement
Conway has taken positions at odds with top Pentagon officials in the past , but has not publicly addressed the issue of gays in the military .
Conway is due to retire this summer when his term as commandant is up .
He told lawmakers that any policy change should not be judged by its fairness to gays , but by its impact on the military .
“ My personal opinion is that unless we can strip away the emotion , agenda and politics and ask [ whether ] we somehow enhance the war - fighting of the United States Marine Corps by allowing homosexuals to openly serve , then we have n’t addressed it from the correct perspective , ” Conway said .
Conway was challenged , gently , by Sen. Joe Lieberman ( I - Conn . ) , who has said that he plans to introduce legislation to allow gays to serve openly .
Advertisement
“ I hope we conclude that repealing ‘ do n’t ask do n’t tell ’ will enhance military readiness , ” Lieberman said .
Some advocacy groups were more direct .
Aubrey Sarvis , executive director of the Servicemembers Legal Defense Network , said that any law that pushed out qualified troops during wartime undermined military readiness and effectiveness .
“ Gen . Conway was the only chief to say to Congress this week that the law is ‘ working , ’ ” Sarvis said .
“ It is not working . ”
Advertisement
julian.barnes@latimes.com
The title of this article may confuse some people .
You may be thinking “ but animal rights is an issue that is in the mainstream all the time .
When I walk through the city I see billboards campaigning for an end to live animal export to the Middle East .
Same thing when I turn on my television .
I see Jamie Oliver exposing the treatment of chickens in factory farms , or when I walk through the supermarket there are RSPCA ads telling me to choose cage - free eggs . ”
These , however , are not about animal rights at all .
They are about promoting animal welfare which certainly is a mainstream issue .
The distinction between the two approaches is critical to understanding why the rights focus is finally gaining traction .
Animal welfare involves promoting better treatment of animals by humans , whereas an animal rights ideology means striving for the abolition of humans ’ use of animals , regardless of their treatment .
While animal welfare campaigns try to improve the treatment of animals raised for food , clothing and so on , animal rights campaigns push to abolish the use of animals for all of these purposes .
The inescapable objective of this animal rights ideology therefore is the adoption and promotion of a lifestyle that avoids the use of animal - derived products — in a word , veganism .
Veganism is certainly not a term that enters the mainstream media or consciousness regularly but it seems that this is changing .
A recent BBC radio documentary by Victor Schonfeld , the director of the influential 1981 documentary film The Animals , has given the issue new prominence , investigating how the way we treat animals has changed in the 30 years since he made that film .
The reality Schonfeld found was that the treatment of animals has not significantly improved in that time , if at all .
This is despite all the money , time and energy spent by animal advocates on welfarism rather than promoting veganism .
In fact , as leading animal rights lawyer and thinker Professor Gary L Francione explains , despite many decades of welfare campaigns , “ we are using more nonhuman animals in more horrific ways than ever before in human history . ”
The promotion of welfarism has meant that people feel better about unnecessarily consuming “ humane ” animal products while animals still suffer in horrible “ free - range ” farms .
The BBC Radio piece drew quite a bit of attention , and about a week after it aired , the Guardian ran an opinion piece by Schonfeld titled “ Five fatal flaws of animal activism “ .
That piece took a particularly strong animal rights approach , calling for animal advocacy groups to promote veganism as the “ moral baseline ” on the issue .
He also criticised organisations which call themselves “ animal rights organisations ” while promoting an animal welfare approach rather than veganism .
At the same time , growing public unease over the treatment of animals has seen calls for the adoption of veganism make it into the opinion pages of the New York Times .
This recent mainstreaming of the animal rights approach to the issue of animal suffering goes hand - in - hand with the mainstreaming of the views of Francione , who was featured in Schonfeld ’s doco .
The call for veganism to be seen as the moral baseline on the issue is one Francione also makes regularly .
In 1996 , Francione wrote the book Rain Without Thunder : The Ideology of the Animal Rights Movement , criticising the welfarism of large animal advocacy organisations which “ still leave the systems of exploitation intact ” , and called for the animal advocacy movement to promote veganism instead .
Not surprisingly , those large organisations have not popularised or adopted Francione ’s arguments , instead promoting books by philosophers such as Peter Singer who defends welfarism .
Indeed , in her response to Schonfeld ’s critique of the welfarist tactics of organisations like hers , Ingrid Newkirk , co-founder and President of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals ( PETA ) , relied on Singer ’s philosophy .
From the perspective of the animal rights movement however , the fact that she even had to defend PETA ’s welfarism ( and chronic sexism ) showed the growing strength of their influence .
Like so many other social movements , the animal rights cause has been greatly assisted by the opportunities presented by online dissemination of its argument .
Irish sociologist Roger Yates has labelled the establishment of Francione ’s blog “ Animal Rights : The Abolitionist Approach ” in 2006 as the beginning of the animal rights movement ( as opposed to the welfarist approach ) .
Interestingly , apart from challenging the welfarism of the large animal advocacy organisations , the animal rights movement is questioning the need for organisations at all .
Animal rights activists are using the internet to cheaply distribute their own leaflets , videos , blogs , articles , podcasts and much more , without needing help from organisational structures .
An example of this is a global online campaign called “ The World is Vegan , If You Want It ” ( referencing John Lennon and Yoko Ono ’s anti-Vietnam War billboard campaign “ War Is Over … if you want it ” ) .
This campaign has been launched by Francione with zero funding or organisational support but rather with the creativity and dedication of people from all around the world who are producing banners and displaying them online to promote veganism .
While ideas about animal rights are nothing new , the forums in which they are beginning to appear are .
It ’s often observed that there ’s a big gap between niche interests which thrive online and mainstream issues which gain attention in the mass media .
With the recent visibility of the animal rights issue it looks like this is a gap that the movement has just crossed .
In this post on Ed Broadbent 's suggestion for a 6 ppt increase in the income tax rates faced by people earning $ 250 k or more , I mentioned that some serious econometric work had to be done before this could be treated as a meaningful proposal .
It soon occurred to me that there very likely had been some work done on this topic , and that I should try to track down some of the literature .
It turns out that prospects of using the tax system to counter the trend towards higher concentration of incomes at the top end of the income distribution are limited , and the chances of generating perverse outcomes are large .
The best place to start is this delightful paper written by Alan Blinder back in 1981 , when the expression " Laffer curve " was still relatively new in public policy circles .
Blinder makes it clear that the notion predates the famous table napkin , and indeed follows from Rolle 's Theorem of calculus .
If 100 % tax rates generate zero revenues ( and this does n't seem to be a point anyone seriously disputes ) then there must be a point where tax revenues are maximised , after which increasing tax rates results in lower total revenues .
Suppose for now that an increase in taxes has no effect on wages .
A bit of manipulation ( Blinder 's equation 3 without the last term ) yields that the tax rate that maximises revenues is τ* = 1 / ( 1 + η ) , where η is the elasticity of the supply of labour .
As the labour supply elasticity increases , the value of τ* declines .
So the debate is not whether or not the Laffer curve exists ; it does .
The question is an empirical one : what is the elasticity of the supply of labour ?
More specifically for the case at hand , what is the elasticity of the supply of labour for people with high incomes ?
There are two recent studies that address this question .
In a study using US data , Jon Gruber and Emmanuel Saez summarise their results as follows :
[ T] axpayers who have incomes above $ 100 000 per year ... have an elasticity of 0.57 , while for those with incomes below $ 100 000 per year the elasticity is less than one - third as large .
Moreover , high income taxpayers who itemize are particularly responsive to taxation .
Our estimates suggest that optimal tax structures may feature tightly targeted transfers to lower income taxpayers and a flat or even declining marginal rate structure for middle and high income taxpayers .
The finding that high - income earners are most sensitive to changes in taxes is probably not surprising .
In a study using Canadian data , Mary - Anne Sillamaa and Mike Veall also find that people at the top of the income distribution have higher elasticities .
Moreover , they find that the elasticities are higher than those found in other studies : 1.32 for those earning more than $ 75,000 in 1986 , and 1.67 for those with incomes higher than $ 100,000 ( this corresponds roughly to the top 1 % of the 1986 income distribution ) .
An elasticity of 1.32 corresponds to a value of τ* = 0.43 , and the revenue - maximising tax rate for the top 1 % would be 0.37 .
Sillamaa and Veall take care to note possible explanations for why their results are so much larger than in other studies , and suggest that " it is possible the estimation is picking up at least in some degree an intertemporal response that is larger in the short run than in the long run . "
Long - run effects may offer a partial explanation for the differences between the Sillamaa - Veall and the Gruber - Saez results , but that 's not a reason to discount them .
Indeed , the long - run effects are precisely what matter most for tax policy .
In the short run , workers are stuck with the human capital they 've accumulated .
But in the long run , human capital is endogenous , and higher tax rates reduce the returns on education .
In a recent blog post , the never - to - be - sufficiently - praised Chris Dillow puts it this way :
[ P]ut yourself in the shoes of someone on , say , £ 100,000 a year facing [ a ] higher tax .
He might well figure : " I ’ve got an ex-wife and kids to support : I ’ve got to keep earning .
And I ’m not qualified to do anything else anyway .
But I hear that some senior partners are thinking of retiring now they have to pay more tax .
If I work hard , I might be able to get one of the jobs they leave . "
But now , think of a university student .
He figures : " I was toying with the idea of going into the City .
But why should I work 80 hour weeks in a dullish job to hand over most of my money to the government ?
I ’ll do a less well - paid job that I enjoy instead . "
Now , in the short - run - which might be many years - the £ 100,000 a year man ’s response is the most important one .
But in the very long - run - decades - it ’s the student ’s response that determines our macroeconomic fate .
See also this paper for some evidence on how students ' education choices depend crucially on their perceived prospects in future labour markets .
If we interpret the Sillamaa - Veall estimate of 1.67 as a ( possibly conservative ) estimate for high earners ' long - run elasticity , then the peak of the Laffer curve occurs at a tax rate of 37 % - which is lower than the top marginal tax rate in all Canadian provinces .
In other words , available evidence suggests that we are already on the wrong side of the Laffer curve .
Increasing tax rates at the top end to finance a transfers to low - income households will actually reduce the amount of money available for redistribution .
Now let 's relax the assumption that wages do n't react after a change in the tax rates .
If workers reduce their supply of labour after a tax increase , then wages will increase as we move up the demand curve for labour .
The new tax rates will now be applied to these higher wages , and Blinder notes that this effect pushes the peak of the Laffer curve well to the right :
[ U] nless the elasticities are quite high , we can only be over the Laffer hill only when marginal tax rates are extremely high ...
[ I ]t is very unlikely ( though not totally impossible ) that the peak in the Laffer curve comes at a tax rate that anyone might seriously entertain .
This condition is unlikely to be met : labour demand elasticities are generally very small .
Indeed , part of the story behind the concentration of incomes at the very top end of the income distribution almost certainly involves labour demand elasticities that are extremely inelastic .
Workers who face perfectly inelastic labour demand curves are pretty much asked to name their price .
Instead of withdrawing their labour , top - end workers are more likely to obtain increases to their gross wages that keep after - tax incomes at their previous levels .
An interesting example of this sort of phenomenon is being played out in the market for soccer players in Europe .
Elite soccer players in both France and Spain pay lower taxes than do other employees , and the governments of both countries want to eliminate this special treatment .
Probably the most disinterested people in this story are the players themselves , who know that their take - home pay wo n't be affected no matter what happens .
If they have to pay higher taxes , they know that market forces being what they are , they will be able to extract the appropriate pay increases to compensate .
This would seem to be a happy ending , then : high - income workers keep working , and they pay higher taxes on their ( increased ) wages .
But the analysis does n't end there .
Once we introduce both supply and demand effects , we have to look at the incidence of the increased tax on high earners .
The burden of the tax does not necessarily fall on the people who actually pay the tax .
We can be pretty sure that if there 's one group of people who wo n't be paying the tax , it is the high - income earners themselves - the reason for the increase in wages is to compensate them for the higher tax bill .
And if we 're talking about a small open economy whose capital markets are highly integrated with the rest of the world - and in the case of Canada , we are - then we also know that the tax will not be borne by owners of capital .
If neither high - income earners nor investors are paying those increased taxes , then they must be being taken from workers further down the income distribution .
And as we move down the income distribution , workers ' bargaining power diminishes : demand for labour becomes more elastic , and supply becomes less elastic .
We could even have the perverse result of a tax on high incomes having regressive effects .
( Note also that imposing a wage cap just puts us back to being on the wrong side of the Laffer curve . )
So here are the possible outcomes :
If wages do n't adjust after the tax change , then we are very likely already on the wrong side of the Laffer curve for high - income earners : increasing the tax rates on high - income earners will reduce total revenues .
If wages do adjust , the gross incomes of high - income will rise so that their after - tax incomes are the same .
Extra revenues will be generated , but the burden of the tax increase will be borne by those below the top end of the income distribution .
The reality is likely to be more nuanced , but we can pretty much rule out the naive scenario in which there are no behavioural responses .
And the existing literature suggests that those responses will generate effects that are almost exactly the opposite of the what we want to see happen .
Once again , we 're back to the main message of my previous post .
The tax system is at best a clumsy instrument for redistributing income , and there are simply too many possibilities for generating unintended perverse outcomes .
If you want to reduce poverty and inequality , focus attention instead on setting up a well - designed system of transfers .
It 's effective , and it's also the strategy used by all successful social democracies .
Word processing is perhaps one of the most essential uses for acomputer on any platform .
The Linux OS offers more obscure wordprocessors than other OSes ; however , few of these apps offer usersthe staying power of AbiWord .
AbiWord ( click image to enlarge )
The closest competitor to AbiWord is OpenOffice Writer , though AbiWord , like many other word processing apps inLinux , lacks a fully developed suite of programs such as spreadsheetand presentation apps that rival the functionality of OpenOffice .
Still , it excels at processing words and is far ahead of other Linux writingtools .
Linux users can shuffle among word processors such asKWord , Tedand Maxwell , among numerousothers .
Often , the distinguishing factors with these writing apps aretheir feature sets .
Many of them are little more than glorified richtext editors .
When it comes to choosing a full - fledged word processor , I have a veryexacting two - part standard .
It must display the online pages of Websites that run my articles .
I copy and paste the screen contentdirectly into a blank word processing page .
And it must handleMicrosoft
Word docs without my going through hoops .
Like it or not , Microsoft Word is the industry standard .
I have both AbiWord and Writer tweaked to always open and save files in Word format .
Early on in my migration to Linux from Microsoft Windows , I favoredOpenOffice Writer because it comes with a suite of other apps that reliablyopen Microsoft PowerPoint and Microsoft Excel files .
But since then , Ihave developed a working affinity for AbiWord for word processing .
AbiWord does not have presentation and spreadsheet apps so it is not acomplete office suite replacement .
AbiWord , though , rarely crashes when handling graphics - laddendocuments .
OpenOffice Writer , by comparison , often buckles under theload in both my Ubuntu and Puppy Linux OSes on all five of mycomputers .
AbiWord Basics
AbiWord is a multiplatform word processor .
It runs on all flavors ofLinux , Microsoft Windows , QNX , FreeBSD and Solaris .
It is tightlyintegrated with the operating system , taking advantage of the Linuxfunctionality for image loading and printing capabilities .
It has the look and feel of Microsoft Word but has far fewer of Word ’scomplexities .
This makes AbiWord much easier to use without constantlyscrolling through the user documentation .
It reads and writes tonearly three dozen file formats .
These include Portable DocumentFormat ( .pdf ) , Office Open XMS ( .docx ) , Outlook Express Email ( .eml ) , OpenDocument ( .odt ) and Applix Words ( .aw ) , Rich Text Format documents ( .rtf ) and HTML Web pages .
Its advanced document layout tools are a breeze to use .
It isrelatively easy to put a professional spin on the appearance ofdocuments containing tables , bullets , lists , images , footnotes , endnotes and styles with AbiWord .
AbiWord is relatively small and requires much fewer resources to runthan other writing apps .
This compact size makes AbiWord thehands - down choice of Linux OS developers of portable or embeddedconfigurations .
This also makes it an ideal choice for older hardwarewhere RAM may be an issue .
A plug - in system gives AbiWord added functionality .
These includedocument importers , a thesaurus , image importers anda text summarizer .
Useful Extras
AbiWord fits right into any office environment , regardless of languageor document style required .
For instance , it has dictionaries for morethan 30 languages .
It supports right - to - left , left - to - right and mixed - mode text .
SoAbiWord supports European languages , as well as Hebrew and Arabic .
Mail Merge capability is an often - forgotten tool in many wanna - bebusiness - class word processors .
Not so with AbiWord .
Its Mail Mergetool automates that task with special fields inserted into a templatedocument .
These codes guide the insertion of data from RelationalDatabases , Comma Separated Text files or Tabbed Text files .
One of AbiWord ’s unmatched features is how it works in a serverenvironment .
It has a command line interface that allows users togenerate form letters , print documents or convert documents to anyfile format AbiWord supports .
Cool Collaboration
One really cool feature , and one that could be a boon to organizations that must rely onshared documents :
More than one person can work on the same documentconcurrently .
This is possible thanks to the close integration of AbiWord to thefree AbiCollab. net Web service .
Storing collaborative documents onlineallows easy document sharing and format conversions on the fly .
This feature is fully available in the latest release , AbiWord 2.8.1 released late last year .
However , if you do not need the collaborativefeature with AbiCollab.net , earlier versions of AbiWord are no lessadequate .
I have the latest version on my two Ubuntu configurations and version2.6.3 on my Puppy Linux machines because it is “ hard wired ” into thestart - up files .
Most of the functionality I use daily is available inthe earlier version .
Enhancements Entree
However , version 2.8.1 has some enticing enhancements that make upgradingworth your while .
For example , it has real smart quotes and high - quality True Scalable Vector Graphics ( SVG ) support .
I particularly like the ability to view multiple pages side by side .
This feature lets me get more use out of the real estate on mywide - screen monitors .
As part of the stronger emphasis on collaborative writing , AbiWordnow can distinguish text written by different writers using varioustext highlight colors .
This real - time editing updating only works withdocuments stored on the abicollab .
net server .
Using annotations or comments is much more effective in this latestversion as well .
I can annotate any piece of text with a remark thatwill show up when I hover over it with the mouse .
A list of allremarks can be displayed in the footer area on every page .
Carries Cairo
AbiWord now uses a rewritten printing framework based on Cairo , a 2 - Dgraphics library .
Cairo produces consistent results on all outputmedia while taking advantage of display hardware acceleration whenavailable , for instance , through the X Render Extension .
Cairo supports multiple output devices that include the X WindowSystem , Quartz , Win32 , image buffers , PostScript , PDF and SVG fileoutput .
It also includes experimental output for OpenGL ( throughglitz ) , XCB , BeOS , OS / 2 and DirectFB .
This results in better image printing .
Instead of continuing with aprinting system based on the GTK port , AbiWord now relies on the gnomeprint system .
Putting all that techno - talk aside , I am pleased withthe printing results in version 2.8.1 .
Bottom Line
AbiWord is a very capable word processing program .
It is easy to useand has a very low learning curve .
Few word processing programs can perform close to the level reached byMicrosoft Word .
You will not find all of the bloated and seldom - usedfeature sets bundled in proprietary apps .
However , AbiWord meets or exceedsexpectations for the typical writing tasks done in small or largebusiness settings .
You will need alternatives for presentation and spreadsheet apps .
However , AbiWord creates and prints smart - looking word documents withlittle or no training .
This makes it a very good choice for everydaywriting needs .
SAN FRANCISCO — Facebook , the world ’s biggest social network , is selling more ad spots to big companies like Wal - Mart Stores , Procter & Gamble and PepsiCo .
But the site ’s pages are also home to countless ads from smaller companies that can be funny , weird or just plain creepy — those suggesting you are , say , eligible to get a free iPad because you are exactly 26 years old , or entreaties to see what your offspring would look like if you had a child with a celebrity .
Odd Web ads , like the dancing women promoting mortgage brokers , are not new .
But on social networks like Facebook , where people go to communicate with one another , advertisers seem to be trying especially hard to intrude on the conversation .
The so - called self - service ads on the site , from the likes of video game start - ups , herbal supplement makers , sweepstakes companies and wedding photographers , are shown on the right side of most pages .
Many advertisers who use the self - service system are tempted to go as far as possible in making ads that attract attention and appear relevant , aided by the information that people give to Facebook .
You 're browsing the online catalogue for Heine , the German interiors - and - ­everything - else shop , when a " secretary table " catches your eye .
The white one looks hideous , but there 's a brown one – so you click the picture to see it in more detail .
It looks nice , but there 's something unsettling about the picture .
The table looks fine , but the chair behind it somehow manages also to have a leg in front of the table .
It 's ­interior design , as done by MC Escher .
Except this is n't the fine artwork of Escher – it 's lousy gruntwork by someone using Photoshop , the image ­manipulation program that turns 20 next Friday .
The image is just one of a whole stream that have been sent to the ­Photoshop Disasters blog since it started in March 2008 .
An eerily ­unreal , doll - like Ashlee Simpson graced its first post .
Photoshop has , like Google , transcended its origins in the world of ­computing , and become a verb .
But whereas " to Google " is almost always used positively to express usefulness , Photoshopping is almost always a term of abuse : " That picture was Photo­shopped " has become a shorthand way of saying it is untrustworthy and misleading ( Adobe , the company that sells Photoshop , decries its use as a verb : " It must never be used as a common verb or a noun , " it tuts .
Too late . )
Examples of its use , or misuse , are legion : a faked image of John Kerry and Jane Fonda apparently sharing a platform at an anti-Vietnam war rally which dragged at Kerry 's 2004 US presidential bid ; a picture of missiles being fired at Lebanon by an Israeli jet which turned out to have been " tweaked " by the photographer - the caption suggested that missiles were being fired , while the ( single ) item being let off by the plane was an anti-missile flare ; Kate Winslet 's legs magically elongating when she ­appeared on the front cover of the ­February 2003 edition of GQ .
The defence put up by Dylan Jones , GQ's editor , of the Winslet images was telling .
He said that her picture had been manipulated " no more than any other cover star " , and that " practically every photo you see in a magazine will have been digitally altered in this way . . . these pictures are not a million miles away from what she really looks like " .
In other words , that 's not actually what she looks like .
And , Jones is saying , we should be used to it by now .
Altering images is certainly nothing new .
The technique of " retouching " photos and fiddling with negatives has a long and inglorious history dating back to the 1860s , and one stirring ­picture of General Ulysses S Grant astride a horse in front of his troops at City Point , Virginia , during the American civil war .
It turned out to be a compo­site of three pictures , in which the body is n't Grant 's at all .
Stalin 's infamous purges also ­included photographic ones , of all the political figures who had fallen out of his favour .
Visual trickery has peppered politics ever since : in 2007 , the then ­culture secretary James Purnell was grafted into a picture of the opening of a new hospital .
But it was Photoshop that made ­altering images routine .
It began ­circumspectly as a program written by Thomas Knoll , who , in the ­autumn of 1987 , was doing in a PhD in computer vision but for fun wrote a program to display images with grey in them on a black - and - white monitor .
Knoll called the program Display , writing it on his Mac Plus computer .
Then his brother John , who worked at George Lucas 's Industrial Light and Magic company , which did the visual effects for the Star Wars films , noticed its potential .
They collaborated , bought a Macintosh II – capable of displaying colours !
– and set to work ; the program 's name mutated until they hit on Photoshop .
In September 1988 , Adobe Systems signed a licence to distribute it – wisely , the Knolls took a royalties deal that made them very rich .
And on 19 February 1990 , Photoshop 1.0 ­became available .
At the time it fitted on to a single floppy disk – nowadays it takes a DVD – although it had , even then , fallen foul of piracy after the Knolls demonstrated it to some Apple engineers , who " shared " the demo disks that were left behind with a few hundred of their closest friends .
Nowadays , Photoshop is reckoned to be one of the most pirated programs in the world , behind Microsoft 's Windows .
Its high price – around £ 560 – is indicative of the fact it has no real rivals .
Photoshop quickly became embedded in computer culture .
Apple would try to prove its computers were faster than those running Windows by holding " Photoshop bake - offs " during Steve Jobs 's keynote ­addresses : a Windows machine and an Apple one would run through an ­automated process to tweak and ­manipulate an image in ­exactly the same way .
Oddly enough , the Apple machine always won .
Photoshop has even created its own two - player sport , " layer tennis " .
The first player " serves " an image : the ­opponent then alters it and sends it back ; the first player continues the process .
Done in public , with commentary , it takes on its own strange allure .
Do not , though , expect to join the ranks of elite players immediately .
Seeing Photoshop running on a computer is like viewing the cockpit of a 747 ; what , you wonder , do all those buttons do ?
Many experts say they have taught themselves how to use it over a decade or more .
Creative technology consultant ­Richard Elen describes it as less like flying a plane , more like dealing with a huge house – some people never visit all the rooms .
" I probably use 50 % - 70 % of what the apps can do , " Elen says .
" There are ­features I seldom , if ever , use .
Others I use all the time – clone tools , for instance [ which copy an item inside an image ] – and I think I 'm fairly adept at them . "
Russell Quinn , a computer scientist and self - taught Photoshop user , says it 's " akin to picking up a guitar for the first time .
The whole world is there for the taking , but it 's difficult to get started . "
He thinks two years is a reasonable timescale to get on top of it .
Steve Caplin , who has done photomontages for the Guardian for 20 years , recalls his first use of the ­program : " An illustration in Punch of the Queen .
Photoshop was very much simpler then , but it had real power . "
He too has featured on the Photoshop Disasters blog – " A missing shoulder on the cover of my book , ironically called How to Cheat in ­Photoshop ! " – and says he feels real sympathy for those who have run into trouble with the program .
" It 's all too easy to overlook something that 's then blindingly obvious when it 's printed .
It 's just like spelling mistakes in print , really . "
• This article was amended on 12 February 2010 .
The original referred to a case where a photo of an Israeli jet firing one missile was " tweaked " to show more than one .
The reference has been corrected because it was the photo caption that suggested missiles were being fired , while the projectile shown was an anti-missile flare .
This could have ended much worse .
Modern gadgetry ( you know , as opposed to " ancient gadgetry , " such as the abacus and the hour glass ) lives and dies by its batteries , so it 's no surprise that lots of time and effort is spent researching both wacky alternatives to the tried and true power cell , as well as ways to make existing cells better .
Among the latter , Nikkei is reporting that Eamex in Osaka , Japan , has developed a lithium - ion battery that will last some twenty years of regular use -- that 's 10,000 charges !
The secret to the long - lasting lithium - ion ?
In current designs , the tin that 's used for the battery 's negative electrode weakens through continual charging and recharging .
The new design , however , calls for tin-coated resin that stabilizes the electrode and prevents deterioration .
Why did n't we think of that ?
Look forward to seeing these exciting , new batteries debut in electric scooters sometime this year .
[ Warning : Source link requires subscription ]
Green Skins
Goblins are an RPG staple , they constantly harass small towns and travellers and wreak havoc in general .
However goblins never really amount to anything more than being a dominated minion or some low priority threat .
You very rarely see goblins involved in apocalyptic scenarios or great kingdom shaking threats .
This green skinned menace is considered to be the lowest form of Goblinoid , often taking orders and commands from Orcs , Hobgoblins and the like , but what if Goblins could shake kingdoms or single - handedly threaten courageous heroes ?
Below are some sample goblin species that can provide a threat to higher level characters and maybe even end the world .
The Chosen
Throughout the world Goblins have begun worshiping an unknown deity .
Through faith , prayer and blood rituals , some Goblins are becoming smarter and more cunning in their tactics for raiding and attacking farms and travelers .
Hierarchies are being established within the caves of the Goblin hordes , while the clerics and paladins of the Goblin deity maintain order and peace between the usually savage goblins .
While the goblins maintain their normal appearance they have begun wearing more armour and clothing , as well as taking some sort of pride in their appearance .
Polished armour instead or rusted and dinted shields , and cleaned ceremonial robes adorn these zealous fanatics .
Badges are made from human appendages to ascertain rank and standing in this ‘ civilised ’ Goblin community .
Toes , fingers , ears and teeth are the most common badges of rank , with the highest ranked leaders and clerics adorning treated pieces of human organs to show their position of power .
This previously unknown god is called Krak ’Tak by his followers .
This newly worshiped deity rose to power through years of servitude in the ranks of a demonic god , slowly usurping power and artifacts until the creature was able to separate from the demon and rise to deity hood , gaining the power it had sought for it ’s entire existence .
Krak ’Tak is still feeble compared to the other gods of the realm , yet his powers and divine presence has empowered his Goblins beyond their normal capabilities .
Krak ’Tak rewards his followers for acts of trickery and cunning , any that prove to be nefarious tricksters and vicious warriors earn his most praise , quickly becoming Paladins within the new divine order .
Worshipers employ blood rituals and offerings of stolen objects of power to commune with Krak ’Tak .
The goblin deity enjoys watching his followers stealing power and information from others in an effort to emulate his ascension .
While known to other deities and scholars , Krak ’Tak is currently viewed as a harmless and inconsequential pest .
However as time goes on the Trickster Lord of the Goblins slowly accrues power through his followers and their actions .
It has yet to be discovered , but when goblins within Krak ’ Tak ’s fold have been raiding towns and farms , small hexes are being placed within churches and temples .
These powerful blood hexes slowly siphon small amounts of faith away from worshipers within these holy shrines .
Offerings and prayers directed to various gods are shared with Krak ’Tak , empowering the Goblin deity .
Once Krak’Tak has stolen enough divine power his presence will grow exponentially gaining dominion and influence over all goblins , using them as his personal army and ascending some of the vilest goblins to the state of Archons , to serve as his personal guard within the Astral Sea .
The Infected
An odd disease has begun infecting goblins , placing them in a constantly enraged state of vicious destruction .
Strips of flesh and dried blood cover these wraith like Goblins .
The little skin that is still attached is discolored in hues of a yellowish gray .
Dark sickly green eyes flicker and roll as ragged breaths and blood curdling screams erupt from the broken fang filled mouths of the infected goblins .
The origins of the rabid and highly infectious disease has been identified to be within an old series of caves below the sheer limestone sea cliffs of the coast .
The years of erosion has created an immense labyrinth of tunnels and caves that over time eventually connected to an already existing pocket of caves .
As the seawater mixed with the newly aired caves , a small parasite was awoken by the water .
This parasite quickly infected the goblins within the caves as a source of food .
The parasites reproduce extremely fast and only hours after infection the host is completely occupied by the constantly feeding organisms .
As the brain becomes infected the host acts upon the driving urge of the parasite , an unquenchable hunger .
Hosts that feed , infect victims through saliva and other bodily fluids , which in turn spreads the infection .
The ancient parasite has bonded with some of the goblins genetics and upon infecting other species they morph into goblin like hybrids .
Bears , wolves and other wildlife scatter through trees and farms in odd goblinoid forms , hungrily feasting upon any flesh they can find .
Civilized races are not immune in any way to the infection or accompanying metamorphosis .
Any one infected with Goblin Rage has two hours before they turn and become incurable .
Once the infection becomes complete they will survive without food for two days , at which time the parasites consume too much muscle mass to sustain the functions of the host body .
Magic and divine spells work on curing the Goblin Rage before the change and nothing has been found to reverse the infection after the metamorphosis .
A sample of the pure parasite from deep within the sea caves could provide a cure , but nothing has returned from the caves since the infection begun .
Within the caves the first goblins to be infected have further mutated to become hulking , bulging masses of bloated green skin , parasitical feelers and tentacles burst forth , ever touching and feeling for fresh food to consume .
The Perfect
From the depths of the Underdark , a kingdom of Goblins has erupted upon the surface .
Covered in well - crafted chain mail and equipped with elegant weapons of mithral .
The Thetrit Kingdom has amassed a powerful army and numbers in the thousands .
Under the rule of the Goblin King Grazzlot , the goblins are unlike any seen before upon the surface world .
Taller in stature and more muscular than an average Goblin , all Thetrit goblins have an intelligence that rivals great generals and wizened scholars .
Many warriors and kings have underestimated these goblins and all have fallen in battle beneath their mithral blades .
As the Thetrit Empire rapidly overruns the surface world , the massive king Grazzlot rules from his throne in the sprawling subterranean city of Thetrit .
Upon his head the crown and relic that has empowered these once normal goblins into the global threat they now are .
The Crown of Perfection is a sentient relic of immeasurable power and ability .
Crafted by a demon prince twelve millennia ago , the gods first attempted to destroy the relic , but after many attempts and wars the gods believed the crown indestructible .
In one final assault upon the demon ’s realm , the armies of the unified gods managed to steal the crown after suffering nearly total annihilation against the perfect demonic armies .
The gods sent the crown to the material plane , buried deep within the molten core .
The ever - shifting magma eventually moved the relic into a subterranean volcano , where it erupted in an empty cavern to be found by the now mighty goblin Grazzlot .
Once the crown is worn it empowers and evolves the bearer to the most perfect state of intelligence and physical prowess possible .
The bearer can then ascend any he wishes into a slightly less perfect form .
Stealing the crown from the king ’s head would be an epic task , as adventurers would have to venture past the armies of Thetrit and into the immense Underdark city .
Within the city all citizens are artisans , mages or mighty warriors as no goblin is left unperfected , with such intelligence and abilities intruders are easily found and dealt with .
There are some murmurs of goblins that covet the power of Grazzlot , and promises and deals could be made with the right goblins for some minor assistance .
Once the crown is removed by another from Grazzlot ’s head , a rushing wave of power instantly bursts forth , restoring the goblins to their old form .
However the crown calls out constantly , willing those near it to experience the demonic perfection for themselves .
What Minion monsters to you hold a soft spot for ?
Do you use versions of stronger monsters in your campaign ?
Could a Dire Bear kill a Dragon ?
Ever ?
Tell us your thoughts in the comments section !
GD Star Rating
loading ...
Is the Met afraid of Mohammed ?
The Metropolitan Museum of Art quietly pulled images of the Prophet Mohammed from its Islamic collection and may not include them in a renovated exhibition area slated to open in 2011 , The Post has learned .
The museum said the controversial images — objected to by conservative Muslims who say their religion forbids images of their holy founder — were “ under review . ”
Critics say the Met has a history of dodging criticism and likely wants to escape the kind of outcry that Danish cartoons of Mohammed caused in 2006 .
“ This is typical of the Met — trying to avoid any controversy , ” said a source with inside knowledge of the museum .
The Met currently has about 60 items from its 60,000 - piece Islamic collection on temporary display in a corner of its vast second - floor Great Hall while larger galleries are renovated .
But its three ancient renderings of Mohammed are not among them .
“ We have a very small space at the moment in which to display the whole sweep of Islamic art , ” said spokeswoman Egle Zygas .
“ They did n’t fit the theme of the current installation . ”
But it ’s not certain Mohammed will go on display when the Met finishes its $ 50 million renovation in 2011 .
Three years ago , the Met changed its “ Primitive Art Galleries ” to the “ Arts of Africa , Oceania and the Americas ” for the sake of political correctness , said author Michael Gross , author of “ Rogues ’ Gallery , ” a book about the Met .
Just recently , it decided its highly anticipated “ Islamic Galleries ” will be given an awkward new name ahead of the 2011 opening .
Visitors will stroll around rooms dedicated to art from “ Arab Lands , Turkey , Iran , Central Asia and Later South Asia , ” according to a museum press release .
Islamic art expert Kishwar Rizvi said the Met — which has one of the world ’s best Islamic collections — has nothing to fear from Mohammed .
“ Museums should n’t shy away from showing this in a historical context , ” said Rizvi , historian of Islamic Art at Yale University .
Rizvi said it was “ a shame ” the museum dropped the word Islamic from the title .
“ It ’s cumbersome and problematic to base it on nationalistic boundaries , ” the historian said .
There is no better way to capture the intricate detail of flowers , bugs , or other small objects than by delving into macro photography .
Typically this is done with a special lens that allows you to focus on subjects very closely .
However , with a little ingenuity ( and some less - than - orthodox techniques ) you can produce some amazing close - ups without a macro lens .
This tutorial will show you how .
UPDATE : This tutorial originally included some tips for capturing macro water drops and refractions .
That section has now been expanded and moved here .
This post now focuses exclusively on the reverse lens technique .
Background Info : I am quite new to the world of macro photography .
In fact , it was exactly one month ago today that I first experimented with this new technique , but I feel like I ’ve learned so much already .
Macro photography can be one of the most creative and fun ways to take pictures .
Photography , perhaps more than any other art form , naturally lends itself to a keen observation – the more you look , the more you see .
However , when you slow down and look beyond the surface level , you discover a whole new world ( cue the Aladdin theme song ) through the lens .
A flower garden is no longer just a pretty splash of color , but an endless playground of possibilities .
… That ’s quite enough buttering it up .
Here ’s how to do it .
How To :
There are numerous ways to get great results , but for this tutorial I want to focus on one particular technique .
First , I must give due props to Alan Walker for telling me about it .
I ’m calling it the Reverse Lens technique .
Basically , you take a second lens and set it up backwards against the lens on your camera ( see image below ) .
If you ’re really hard core , like Alan , you can tape the two lenses together like this .
If you ’re anything like me , then your curiosity has already gotten the better of you =)
You will probably save yourself some frustration if you read the rest of this before trying it yourself , so allow me to explain how this works .
The lens on your camera is designed to take a wide angle of view and focus it onto a much smaller plane ( traditionally , a strip of film ) .
This allows you to capture huge landscapes on a frame of film only 35 mm wide .
Zoom lenses work by altering the angle of view ( see diagram 1 ) .
To simplify it a bit more , just remember that a single lens takes the subject from “ big to small . ”
Now , imagine if you flipped the lens around .
( see diagram 2 ) The subject would go from “ small to big . ”
This is essentially how the lens on a projector is set up ; it takes the small image and enlarges it .
As I understand , you can get great macro results with a single reversed lens like this , but you need a special “ reversing ring ” accessory .
Now lets take a look at what happens when you put the two lenses together .
The reversed lens takes a really small subject , and magnifies it .
The attached lens then takes that magnified image and shrinks it back to fit on the “ film . ”
The result is that the small object now fills the frame of film - exactly what we want !
Still with me ?
I hope so .
It gets a little more complicated , but it makes perfect sense once you think about it .
If your second lens is a zoom lens , then you can actually zoom in closer or farther from your subject .
In other words , not only can you do shots that are pretty typical for macro , but you can also do shots that are the verge of being classified as microscopic .
It ’s important to remember that the lens is backwards , so your zoom will be backwards too .
If you “ zoom in ” the reversed lens , it will appear that you are zooming out in the viewfinder .
The more the lens is zoomed out ( “ wide angle ” or “ short focal length ” for you technical buffs ) the more extreme the change in scale , but when you zoom in , the scale shrinks .
I feel like this is a very difficult concept to describe , so instead let me just show you the diagram below .
If the diagram does n’t help , then do n’t worry about it .
Just remember that the lens is backwards so the zoom will be backwards too .
The above diagrams were designed to help describe the techniques outlined here .
They were not designed for technical accuracy .
Based on my experience and what I ’ve read elsewhere , it ’s best to use a fixed 50 mm lens as the one attached to the camera .
These lenses typically have a very large aperture and the image quality is superb because there is comparatively very little glass for the light to pass through before reaching the film .
For my reversed lens I used a 28 - 80 zoom lens .
I also tried the setup with an 18-200 lens attached to the camera , and the same 28 - 80 lens reversed , and I experienced no problems .
That all goes to say that you should be able to pull off this technique with nearly any two standard - range zoom lenses .
When you first put the two lenses together and look through the viewfinder it will probably just look black .
This is mainly because the aperture of a lens will shrink to it ’s smallest setting when it ’s not attached to a camera .
In other words , most of the light is being blocked .
While it is indeed possible to take pictures like this , it ’s not very easy .
If you look on the back of your reversed lens , you will see a small lever .
That lever controls the opening of the aperture .
If you slide it to the other side it will open it as wide as it can go .
Doing that will allow you to have considerably faster shutter speeds even at low ISO values ( of course , make sure the aperture of the attached lens is open as wide as it will go too ) .
Since the lever is spring - loaded , you will need something to hold it in place .
I cut and folded a piece of card stock ( i.e. “ thick paper ” ) and wedged it in place .
Be careful not to damage the lens while doing this , and make sure you do n’t accidentally drop something down that slit .
( Note : this paragraph was written based on my experience with Minolta equipment .
It may or may not be applicable for Nikon or Canon . )
Before you get started , there are a few things to keep in mind .
1. ) The two lenses have to be literally butting up against each other .
Unless you tape the two lenses together you will need to be careful that they are held tightly together so that light does n’t leak in from the side and wash out the image .
On more than a few occasions this caused me to think the Exposure Compensation was all whacked out because the images were n’t consistent .
2. ) Set the focus to manual .
Autofocus simply wo n’t be able to help you .
You wo n’t be able to adjust the focus by turning the ring but by moving the entire camera closer to your subject .
Note that very small objects probably wo n’t be in focus until they are less than 1 inch from the end of the lens .
3. ) If your second lens is set to a wide angle ( remember that this is will appear to be zoomed in , in the viewfinder ) you will most likely get a vignette .
With the lenses I used , I was n’t able to avoid it when the focal range of the reversed lens was inside the 28 - 50 range .
You can crop it later if you really do n’t like it , but it ’s just something to be aware of .
4. ) Keep an eye on the exposure ; chances are , the camera ’s metering system wo n’t give extremely accurate results since you are shooting through a second lens .
I found that I often needed to turn down the Exposure Compensation .
Setting the drive mode to Manual ( M ) is a better alternative if you ’re comfortable with that .
5. ) Turn off the flash .
Unless you have a wireless or external flash your subject will be too close to the lens that the flash will cause a shadow to fall on it .
This is called “ self - shadowing . ”
6. ) Make certain that you have a UV filter or lens protector on both lenses .
If you scratch the lens itself , there ’s virtually nothing you can do to fix it , but if you scratch the $ 20 UV filter , you can always pick up another one .
I always keep a UV filter on all of my lenses , for what it ’s worth .
7. ) Using a tripod is completely impractical .
8. ) A cable release or remote would be ideal since the slightest change in position can throw the whole image out of focus .
Pressing the button on the camera often “ bumped ” the position and caused the focus to shift .
Using a remote allows you to trip the shutter without bumping the camera .
Likewise , you could use the self - timer , but that requires an extraordinary amount of patience .
Examples :
The three pictures below emphasize how powerful this setup can be .
The first image was taken with only the 50 mm lens ; it ’s as close to the subject as I could get while keeping it in focus .
The second was taken with the reverse lens set to 80 mm , and the third was set to 28 mm .
Or consider the following example :
In the image below you see a very small speck right in the middle of the image .
That speck is actually a bug .
I was n’t able to focus any closer with my 50 mm lens , but when I added my reversed lens set to 28 mm I was able to get close enough to see the bug ’s eyes .
Advanced Techniques :
You can purchase accessories like extension tubes , reverse rings , macro flashes and others specifically designed for macro photography , but I ’ve never played with any of them .
As far as I can tell , none of them really enable you to do anything that you ca n’t already do with a reversed lens , but rather they are designed to make things easier .
I do n’t think these really count as “ advanced ” techniques , but you can also consider cropping your photos to give the impression that you used a more powerful lens .
You could also hold a magnifying glass in front of the lens for a little extra reach .
Or you could throw down some cash and invest in a real macro lens .
Experiment and see which one suits the needs of the photos you want to capture .
Better yet , make up your own !
Lessons Learned : Using a reversed lens is mad fun , but it can also be frustrating .
Initially it seems like the magic bullet for extreme close - ups , but , like everything else , it is not without drawbacks .
It requires a lot of patience , which is n’t always the case with photography .
Trial and Error will become your closest companions , and Curiosity your mentor .
The reversed lens is a great “ tool ” to have in your toolbox , but do n’t let it define you or your style .
Make the technique fit into your workflow and become yet another thing that makes people think , “ Yep , that looks like so - and - so ’s work . ”
It ’s not the paintbrush that makes an artist great , neither does the lens make the photographer .
Have fun with it .
Learn from it .
And for cryin ’ out loud , go do something with it ! =)
George Ludwigsen , older brother of mobster Chris Paciello
Chris Paciello
GULFPORT — George Ludwigsen will soon be sentenced for breaking into safety deposit boxes in Mississippi with a saw — and that ’s not nearly the most exciting criminal caper the 40 - year - old Hallandale Beach resident has to his credit .
Earlier in the decade , Ludwigsen and his more famous younger brother , Chris Paciello , partied with celebrities at their South Florida nightclubs , enjoying the collaboration of the Bonanno crime family .
Paciello then went to prison for murder .
( CNN ) -- Google plunged into the world of social networking on Tuesday , melding pieces of Facebook and Twitter into a new feature , Google Buzz .
Buzz , which will work through the popular Gmail service , will allow users to post status updates , photos and links to members of their network -- as well as pull in their activity on other sites like Twitter , Flickr and Picasa .
Google spokesman Bradley Horowitz said the service , which was rolling out to some Gmail users Tuesday afternoon and should be available to all in the next couple of days , aims to weed out what he called the clutter of other networking sites .
With networking sites , " there 's obviously value there , " he said .
" It 's a phenomenon that 's real , but it 's increasingly becoming harder and harder to make sense and find the signal in the noise . "
By letting users post photos , links and updates openly , the tool would mimic Twitter 's micro-blogging format .
But users also will be able to make their content available to " friends only , " more closely following the Facebook model .
At an event at the company 's Mountain View , California , headquarters , Google also seemed poised to take a poke at the AOL Instant Messenger service , saying Buzz will be offered to companies as a tool for interoffice communication .
" It will change the way businesses communicate around the world , " Horowitz said .
Despite the inevitable comparisons , Google spokesmen said they did n't set out to tread on anyone else 's turf .
" We try not to pay too much attention to competitors , " Gmail product manager Todd Jackson said .
" We try to listen to users . "
Horowitz said Google Buzz will automatically make " friends " out of the people a user e-mails or chats with the most on Gmail .
See CNNmoney 's report on reaction from some Google competitors .
Comments on posts will appear in real time .
And comments by other users will be weighted , similar to how Google 's search engine weighs results , to " collapse bad buzz and recommend the good buzz , " Jackson said .
The hands - down leader in the search engine world , Google has been branching out on projects that include its Nexus
One smartphone , the company 's first foray into hardware marketing .
Late last month , Google announced that people could tweak their accounts to make results related to friends , co-workers and other members of their social networks appear above all other results .
The Social Search feature was introduced to a limited number of Google users last year and was made available to everyone in beta status on January 28 .
The change came with a hint of more things to come .
" This is just a first step in our ongoing effort to ensure that Google Web search is always as social as the Web itself , " the company said in an instructional video posted to its official blog .
Google Buzz probably wo n't be able to bring in status updates and other materials from Facebook for the same reason that Social Search does n't .
Because most Facebook users set their information to be viewed only by friends , Google 's search engine can't collect that information in the same way it can from Twitter and , obviously , Google - owned sites like YouTube .
Buzz also will have a mobile component , operating on most major wireless operating systems with features that include voice - recognition posting and a GPS - enabled ability to attach the user 's location to posts .
The Web - based mobile application , which can be used by iPhones despite not going through Apple 's online store , can also be set to pick up posts to Buzz being made near the user 's location .
Changes to the tool could be coming quickly , too .
Google officials say they 're already studying possible expansions .
They include allowing Buzz updates by phone , letting users post to their Twitter account through the tool and linking Buzz with the still - emerging Google Wave system .
" We 're just getting started , " Horowitz said .
" We 're not launching this today because we think we 're done .
We do n't think that 's how a product like this is built . "
Detroit to close 40 more schools
By Tom Eley
12 February 2010
Speaking Wednesday at a forum of Detroit ’s business elite , Robert Bobb , the emergency financial manager of the city ’s public school system , announced he will order closed about 40 more schools .
He also promised a new round of layoffs and wage and benefit cuts on teachers over the year in a bid to close an estimated $ 200 million deficit .
At the same event , Detroit Mayor David Bing pledged that in 75 days ’ time he will slash by 10 percent pay for city workers in the handful of unions that have yet to force the give - back on their membership .
Bobb made the school closure announcement at an annual gathering sponsored by the newspaper Crain ’s Business Detroit called “ Newsmakers of the Year , ” where he and Bing were praised as “ change agents in charge . ”
Bobb did not outline which schools he intends to close , or when the pay cuts and furloughs for teachers would be put in effect .
In the fall , he ordered 29 schools closed and , working in tandem with the Detroit Federation of Teachers ( DFT ) , forced through unprecedented pay cuts on teachers .
Teachers ’ income will be slashed by as much as $ 10,000 over the next two years , the proceeds turned over to the school district as part of a “ Termination Incentive Plan . ”
The plan , proposed by the DFT , will supposedly give the money back to teachers upon their retirement or dismissal .
However , given the district ’s track record on contracts and the high likelihood it will go bankrupt , there is no reason to believe this will ever happen .
Meanwhile , teachers , many of whom are forced to purchase their own supplies , will be forced to live on drastically reduced wages .
The contract also paves the way for the district to channel its limited funding into charter schools , or so - called “ priority schools , ” in keeping with the Obama administration ’s “ Race to the Top ” education initiative .
Race to the Top pits states against each other for meager federal funding , forcing them to tear up work rules and create an openly class - based system of public education by diverting money to “ better - performing ” schools .
The results of this program are coming into focus in Detroit , where Bobb and the DFT are putting in place a system in which the vast majority of schools will be little more than daytime holding pens for the youth .
One of the new charter schools , called University YES Academy , will open next year , it was reported Thursday .
Presented as a college - preparation school , it will feature smaller class sizes and a longer school day and school year than existing public schools .
“ It ’s about creating a public marketplace for education , where we hold everyone ... to standards of academic accountability , ” Doug Ross , who is with the management of the new school , told the Detroit Free Press .
The school , which will be located in a recently closed school building , will not be open to students in general .
It will select a mere 120 sixth - graders next year , and ultimately 575 students .
This is less than 1 percent of Detroit public schools ’ current enrollment of 84,000 .
In spite of the school closures , layoffs , and wage cuts — which are laying waste to public education in Detroit — Bobb has only managed to pare down the district ’s current deficit to $ 219 million from about $ 300 million .
“ We are still under water , deep red water , ” Bobb admitted .
Bobb boasted to Detroit ’s business elite that his policies have earned him widespread hatred in the city .
“ I ’ve been called an Uncle Tom , it ’s been said I hate black people , ” he said .
“ I ’ve been threatened to be beat upside the head . ”
For his part , Mayor Bing told reporters he had just returned from a Chicago meeting with the two prominent credit ratings agencies , Moody ’s and Standard & Poor ’s , over the status of Detroit city bonds and its $ 300 million budget deficit .
He indicated that the firms expressed approval over his budget - slashing plans .
Michigan Governor Jennifer Granholm recently signed legislation doubling the amount of fiscal stabilization bonds Detroit can sell , from $ 125 million to $ 250 million .
Moody ’s and Standard & Poor ’s hold enormous power over government spending because their ratings determine the interest rates , or yields , that governments from the municipal to the national must offer in order to sell their bonds and raise cash .
They typically bless spending cuts and social austerity measures with upgrades in ratings , while high social spending and good pay for public sector workers tend to be punished with downgrades .
The ratings agencies express the dictates of international finance capital — the major banks and financial speculators .
These are the same interests are currently demanding that the governments of Greece , other European countries , the US , and all 50 US states impose massive social spending cuts .
In other words , the very banks and speculators that received trillions in bailout money from the US and other governments are now demanding that the working class , including the students and teachers of Detroit , foot the bill .
Tabernanthe iboga is a leafy evergreen that grows to a height of 4 - 8 feet ( 1 - 3 m ) in the undergrowth of the tropical forests of West Central Africa .
It has large leaves ( about 6 inches long ) and clusters of white flowers .
T. iboga contains the powerful psychoactive alkaloid ibogaine , which is found in the leaves and roots , and is especially dense in the root core .
The plant has been used since at least the nineteenth century , and possibly earlier , in religious ceremonies .
Iboga has received attention since the 1960s in Europe , North America , and Mexico as an anti-addiction therapy .
Dose # Traditionally in Africa , parts of the root of the still - living iboga plant have been harvested and ground into a powder , which is usually eaten , or made into a tea ( uncommon ) .
In Bwiti religious ceremonies , varying amounts of root powder may be ingested over the course of several days , ranging from a teaspoon to ( in extreme cases ) upwards of several pounds over the entire period ( dangerous - fatalities have been reported ) .
Note : Care must be taken in distinguishing iboga power , which may be around 1 % psychoactive alkaloids , from pure ibogaine .
Price # Iboga is illegal in the US and is not commonly available on the black market .
It is sometimes available from ethnobotanical vendors in countries where it is legal .
Law # Tabernanthe iboga and ibogaine are both Schedule I controlled substances in the United States , making them illegal to buy , sell , or possess .
Ibogaine is illegal in France .
It appears to be legal or unregulated in Canada , Mexico , and some European countries .
Chemistry #
The principle active chemical in Iboga is ibogaine , or 12 - methoxyibogamine ( C 20 H 26 N 2 O ) , an indole alkaloid .
Iboga contains other active alkaloids including ibogamine , coronaridine , and tabernanthine .
Pharmacology # Ibogaine is slowly metabolized by the liver into noribogaine and other metabolites , some of which may be psychoactive .
Ibogaine acts on numerous receptor systems , including the dopaminergic , serotonergic , nicotinic , GABA , and muscarinic systems .
Some studies have produced limited evidence that ibogaine may pharmacologically interrupt the mechanisms of opiate dependence .
Iboga also contains other psychoactive alkaloids which have received little , if any , study .
Production # Iboga is sometimes cultivated in West Africa for religious use .
History #
The first - known documentation of iboga use was in 1864 in Gabon .
The Gabonese Fang people say that Iboga use was originally discovered by the Pygmies .
In the late 19th Century the Bwiti church was founded , using iboga in initiation rites .
Bwiti was driven underground by French colonial forces from the 1930s until the late 1950s .
Now upwards of 20 % of the Gabonese population is Bwitist .
According to the Los Angeles Times , insurance brokers say this is the largest rate hike they have seen , and the increase comes on top of previous rate hikes last year .
Anthem said that the reason for the rate hike is rising health care costs in the individual market .
This is a specious claim .
Anthem and other health insurers are a major reason for these rising costs .
The company ’s actions are nothing more than the result of runaway deregulation in a for - profit health care system that should not exist .
Anthem is simply raising its rates because it can .
All Californians need and are entitled to quality , comprehensive medical care .
But they are being held hostage by greedy health insurance companies that bleed them financially while offering fewer and fewer services .
People ca n’t choose not to have health care .
Consumers in the individual market have little choice but to either drop their coverage , or keep their increasingly unaffordable plans , unable to easily switch insurers if they have pre-existing conditions .
And skyrocketing insurance rates will only cause more and more employers to drop coverage for their employees , adding to the nearly 47 million uninsured nationwide .
There is no good reason for Anthem and other health insurance companies to exist .
They provide no value for consumers , nor do they provide health care .
They are simply unnecessary middlemen who move money around and skim off the top for their obscene profits .
Private insurers ' administrative costs run anywhere from 15 % - 25 % , compared with about 3 % for Medicare .
The extra money they rake in does n’t go to health care , but rather , to paperwork , shareholder profits , advertising , CEO salaries that run in the millions , fancy office space , private jets , luxury mansions and expensive cars .
These people have no right to live like kings on others ’ suffering .
Health care must be a public service , not a commodity to be traded and sold on the stock market .
You can choose to drive a car , but you can not choose not to become sick .
SB 810 , California ’s single payer legislation sponsored by State Sen .
Mark Leno , would eliminate the for - profit health insurance middlemen that are strangling the state ’s economy and causing needless suffering and deaths from denying care .
Under SB 810 , private health insurance would be replaced by a public health insurance plan run by the state of California and paid for through taxes .
Every California resident would be covered by the plan that includes medical , dental , prescriptions , mental health , rehabilitation , diagnostics and more .
There would be no deductibles , co-pays , or exclusions for pre-existing conditions .
Health care would continue to be provided by private doctors and hospitals - only the state government will be paying the bills .
And patients would be able to choose any doctor they want , not be limited to providers within a health insurance - mandated network .
No procedure would require pre-approval from government officials , nor would anyone ’s care be denied .
Your health care would truly be decided between you and your doctor - not between you , your doctor and some faceless insurance bureaucrat with no medical expertise .
And finally , SB 810 will save California billions of dollars by getting rid of the waste and inefficiency within the private health care industry , and by focusing on preventative care .
Moreover , Californians would have the freedom to easily change jobs and start new businesses without fear of losing their health insurance .
This flowering entrepreneurialism will jumpstart our flailing economy .
And no longer would Californians have to fear going broke just because they got sick .
California OneCare ( www.californiaonecare.org), a grassroots organization of health reform activists and concerned citizens , is leading the campaign to pass SB 810 and to make California a model for the rest of the nation .
SB 810 has already been approved by the California State Senate , and is currently being considered in the Assembly before moving on to Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger ’s desk .
Schwarzenegger has already vetoed the legislation twice , and we now need Californians to pressure him to sign it this time in light of Anthem ’s egregious behavior , and Congressional paralysis that has stalled federal health reform legislation .
Californians must also put pressure on the candidates in this November ’s governor ’s race to replace Schwarzenegger in case he refuses once again to sign SB 810 .
Californians can no longer afford to wait for quality , affordable and comprehensive health care .
Everybody In. Nobody Out .
On a sex trail ( Image : Sion Roberts / Flickr
Zoologger is our weekly column highlighting extraordinary animals – and occasionally other organisms – from around the world .
Species : Littorina saxatilis
Habitat : shorelines of the North Atlantic , and San Francisco Bay
It ’s a question all females have to address in one way or another : how many males should they allow to fertilise their eggs ?
Advertisement
If the males are n’t going to help with caring for the young , there may be no point in a female limiting herself to just one mate .
And indeed in many species , the females allow several males to fertilise them .
This helps ensure that at least some of her offspring are likely to have “ good ” genes .
But a few species go beyond the usual definition of the word “ several ” .
On the latest evidence , it seems the champion may be the rough periwinkle ; that ’s the name of the animal , not my description .
She will be fertilised by around 20 males for every clutch she produces .
Polyandrous periwinkle
Rough periwinkles are sea snails , less than 2 centimetres across , which exist in a range of colours .
They are divided into several subspecies , but exactly how and why they are so divided is controversial .
The snails live on shorelines , generally in intertidal zones that are alternately submerged and exposed as the tides come in and out .
The colonies are often densely packed , with hundreds of individuals slowly oozing across a single square metre of wet rock .
Males track females by following their mucus trails , and will attempt to mate with pretty much any snail they encounter , regardless of whether it is the correct sex or even the same species .
They mate with males just as often as they do with females – though they do give up such copulations sooner .
By contrast , the females are quite passive .
When a male attempts to copulate , he parks himself on her right side and stays there for 20 minutes or more while he transfers sperm into her through his penis .
What ’s a snail to do ?
The female hardly ever resists , but she seems not to do anything to encourage him either .
In fact , she barely seems to notice his presence , and may continue blithely moving around while he is copulating with her , effectively giving him a piggyback .
Baby snails
Female rough periwinkles give birth to live young , half a millimetre across , which are already in their shells .
The babies are known as “ crawlaways ” , because as soon as they emerge from their mother ’s brood pouch they are able to … well , you can work it out .
Kerstin Johannesson of the University of Gothenburg in Sweden and colleagues analysed the genes of four female rough periwinkles , along with the 280 offspring they produced over the course of two - and - a - half months – an average of 70 offspring per female .
On average , each clutch of 70 offspring had 19 fathers between them .
Larger clutches had more .
This makes the female rough periwinkle one of the most polyandrous animals known .
Why does she bother ?
This is a far greater number of fathers than she needs to produce genetically diverse – and therefore mostly healthy – offspring , especially since she is able to bear many clutches over the course of her life .
Johannesson ’s team suggests that she may simply be avoiding the trouble involved in rejecting potential suitors .
To get rid of an unwanted male she would have to retreat into her shell , weakening her grip on the rock and risking being swept into the sea .
But carrying a male around on her back also puts her at risk of being dislodged , so the female , it seems , is stuck between a rock and a hard place .
Promiscuity was never less fun .
Journal reference : PLoS ONE , DOI : 10.1371/journal.pone.0009640
About The Author Paul Andrew is a freelance Web designer .
He is chief admin for Speckyboy - Design Magazine , a Web design , Web development and graphic design resource blog .
More about Paul Andrew …
50 Free UI and Web Design Wireframing Kits , Resources and Source Files
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Planning and communication are two key elements in the development of any successful website or application .
And that is exactly what the wireframing process offers : a quick and simple method to plan the layout and a cost - effective , time - saving tool to easily communicate your ideas to others .
A wireframe typically has the basic elements of a Web page : header , footer , sidebar , maybe even some generated content , which gives you , your clients and colleagues a simple visually oriented layout that illustrates what the structure of the website will be by the end of the project and that serves as the foundation for any future alterations .
Recommended reading : Designing With Your Clients
This article focuses on actual wireframing tools and standalone applications , as well as resources that you ’ll need to build your own wireframe : wireframing kits , browser windows , form elements , grids , Mac OS X elements , mobile elements , which you ’ll use in any typical graphics editor such as Photoshop or Illustrator .
… Or you could use pen and paper .
Complete Wireframing Toolkits
Mac OS X Interface Stencil Kit Leopardy interface stencil kit .
This one makes extensive use of tables , for maximum flexibility while maintaining pixel precision .
Facebook Applications Stencil Kit
A pretty sizable collection of Facebook related elements to use in creating wireframes for Facebook applications .
Flex Stencil Kit Includes all Flex components from Flex 3 Style Guide : panels , data grid , buttons , fields , links , toggle , menu , scrolls , accordion , tabs , list , data picker , tool tip , errors .
Eclipse Stencil Kit
This stencil enables you to easily prototype Eclipse ( wizard ) dialogs with OmniGraffle™ .
Yahoo !
Design Stencils - Design Pattern Library
You would be hard pressed to find a better wireframing resource than this one .
The Yahoo !
Design Stencil Kit is available for almost every application : OmniGraffle , Visio ( XML ) , Adobe Illustrator ( PDF and SVG ) and Adobe Photoshop .
This huge library covers the following elements ( basically , everything ) : ad units , calendars , carousels , charts and tables , UI controls , form elements , grids , menus and buttons , mobile ( general ) , mobile ( iPhone ) , navigation and pagination , OS elements , placeholder text , screen resolutions , tabs , windows and containers .
Free Sketching & Wireframing Kit The Sketching & Wireframing
Kit is a free set of elements for sketching and wireframing .
It consists of form elements , icons , indicators , feedback messages , tool tips , navigation elements , image placeholders , embedded videos , sliders and common ad banners .
The Kit comes in two vector formats , one for Adobe Illustrator and the other in SVG , which can be easily modified .
It can also be downloaded in PDF and EPS formats .
EightShapes Unify EightShapes
Unify is a collection of templates , libraries and other assets that enable user experience designers to create more consistent and effective deliverables faster .
The system uses the Adobe Creative Suite of products ; Adobe InDesign is the primary authoring tool .
OmniGraffle Wireframe Stencils
This is a set of shapes for making wireframes in OmniGraffle version 5.x ( Mac OS X ) .
OmniGraffle UX Template
This is an OmniGraffle Pro template for interface design that includes shared layers for basic UX document needs ; e.g. title page , wireframes , storyboards .
Web Page Elements
Using the open - source “ Bitstream Vera ” font set and free icons from FamFamFam , you should have most of your common web page elements covered , including headings , form elements , content management function , image placeholders , etc .
Web Browser Templates
Photoshop Browser Templates - Web Designer Toolkit
These Photoshop browser templates come in 1024x768 and 800x600 pixel sizes and cover nearly all browsers ( Firefox , IE , Safari , Camino , even Netscape ) .
For both sizes , the safe viewing area is clearly marked in a separate layer .
Web -Safe Area Templates for Photoshop
All of the Web - safe area browser PSD templates listed below can be individually downloaded by choosing from the following resolutions : 640x480 , 800x600 , 1024x768 , 1280x960 and 1600x1200 pixels .
Windows Vista IE Web - Safe Area
Windows Vista Firefox Web - Safe Area
Windows XP IE Web - Safe Area
Mac OS X Safari Web - Safe Area
Mac OS X Firefox Web - Safe Area
Mac OS X Safari Web - Safe Area
Web Form Elements
Best Practice UX Forms Stencil
This is a comprehensive release of the stencil kit which follows best practices in UX form design .
It provides three different ways of laying forms out , each with their own benefits .
This version also provides different button layouts , a progress indicator , captcha code input field , labels and more .
Photoshop Form Element Templates
These Photoshop files include screenshots of all the common form elements as displayed in your selected operating system ( Mac Classic , Mac OS X , Win XP and Win Classic ) .
The form elements are separated into individual layers so that you can easily select , adjust or switch them as you please .
Web Form Elements Volume 1 Volume 1 contains a selection of Web user interace elements for forms in Photoshop format .
Web Form Elements Vol.2
This is Volume 2 of the Web Form UI Elements mentioned above and has been designed in a different style .
Photoshop Button Templates
These Photoshop button templates have been separated into individual layers to be easily selectable .
You can choose from the following colors : dark blue , light blue , dark green , light green , yellow , orange , red and purple .
Web Browser Elements
You can select the element you need from whichever operating system and browser you use , and download them individually .
Windows Vista IE Form Elements
Windows Vista Firefox Form Elements
Windows XP IE Form Elements
Windows XP Firefox Form Elements
Mac OS X Firefox Form Elements
Mac OS X Safari Form Elements
Grid Templates
Mobile App Development Resources
Ultimate iPhone Stencil - Graffletopia
This Omnigraffe iPhone stencil kit contains backgrounds , title bars , buttons , selectors and all other iPhone UI elements .
It can be easily resized horizontally by ungrouping , resizing the middle element and then regrouping the elements back into a single button .
i Phone 3G Stencil Includes standard interface components for the iPhone 3G : buttons , fields , map elements , keyboards , icons .
All components are on a transparent background and should re-size nicely .
i Phone PSD Vector Kit
This iPhone starter kit comes with several button elements as well as six different iPhone interface options .
i Phone GUI Elements
Free iPhone elements available as layered Photoshop ( PSD ) files .
i Phone GUI as Rich Symbols for Fireworks
This iPhone kit has been designed using Adobe Fireworks .
It has several combinations , buttons , backgrounds , etc .
It also has some lines of code to transform the simple vector symbols into rich symbols , with some variables .
RIM Blackberry PSD
This download package contains 135 detailed layers for Blackberry app development .
Optional Wireframe Extras
Interactive Sketch Notation
The general idea behind this notation is the desire to visualize user interface states as well as user actions in a clear and rapid manner .
Storyboard Characters ( via Google Chrome )
Proofreading Marks
Standard Web Banners
You can download these standard Web banners or ads individually ( 468x60 pixels , 768x60 , 125x125 , etc. ) .
There are also templates for common but non-standard banner sizes ( 120x30 , 230x33 , 728x210 , etc. ) .
Wireframe Icons , Royalty - Free EPS and PNG
The icon set includes EPS and PNG versions of the original Konigi Wireframe Icon Set and are suitable for use in vector drawing applications such as Adobe Illustrator as well as in Microsoft Visio .
WEB UI Treasure Chest
This PSD layered file , most of whose files are fully editable , contains more than 100 elements for website design .
Webdesigner kit This Photoshop download contains registration fields , menus , checkboxes , radio buttons and cursors .
Printable Sketching Paper
A4 and A3 Sketching Grid Paper
This downloadable and printable 960 - pixel - wide grid makes it easy to create a three - column ( 320 pixel ) , four - column ( 240 pixel ) , five - 0 column ( 192 pixel ) or six - column ( 160 pixel ) grid on a single sheet of paper .
You have two sizes to choose from , A4 and A3 .
Print and Sketch Wireframe Template
i Phone Application Sketch Template
The grid squares for this sketching paper are equal to 10 pixels .
The tick marks indicate the height of the status bar , nav bar , keyboard , tab bar and toolbar .
For best results , print on A4 borderless paper .
i Phone Wireframe Templates for Sketching
Two layouts are available , both in PDF and Visio ( VSD ) formats for quick iPhone mockups .
Printable Wireframe and Notes
The below 8.5 x 11 - inch graph paper is made for visual designers , interaction designers and information architects .
You ’ll find styles for wireframing user interfaces , storyboarding interaction and plotting values on a 2x2 grid .
Plus , you ’ll get a basic grid for drafting site maps or anything else that comes up .
Choose from the following :
Wireframe Magnets ( DIY Kit )
These DIY magnet template are based on the Konigi wireframe stencils and includes three sheets of elements that would be useful for whiteboard prototyping .
Simply download and print the PDFs onto magnet sheets , and cut them out .
Form Elements
Tabs , Buttons and Bars
Windows and Dialogs
Further Resources And Some Wireframing Inspiration
web.without.words
A visual playground where designers take popular sites and reconstruct them in a wireframe .
Graffletopia Graffletopia is a huge resource of free stencils for OmniGraffle ( Mac- only , sadly ) .
With OmniGraffle , you can quickly create high - quality wireframes , flowcharts and other diagrams .
Mockups To Go Mockups To Go is a user - contributed collection of ready - to - use UI components and design patterns that were built using Balsamiq Mockups .
You can download all of the components and design patterns to use in your mockups .
Wireframes Magazine Wireframes Magazine is dedicated to all things wireframing and prototyping .
It has a huge library of downloadable templates , samples and UI tools , and even a section for inspiration .
I {heart} wireframes I {heart} wireframes is a great source of wireframing inspiration and resources .
And yes , we all love wireframes !
Further Related Articles
9h
Deal Alert : The First Alienware RTX 3080 Equipped Gaming PC Is Now Available
Tanking is awful .
It 's terrible .
It 's plain old not fun .
And for this season 's Edmonton Oilers , it 's necessary .
Think about that for a second : the Edmonton Oilers are undisputably better off if they lose the majority of their games from now until the end of the season .
I do n't blame fans or management for hoping the team loses once they 've fallen out of the playoff race but when Bruce McCurdy is ( correctly ... sorry Bruce ) taken for a fool when he cheers a five - game winning streak in December , it 's my opinion that the league is broken .
The problem , of course , is the way teams are awarded draft picks .
After the break we 'll briefly outline the anti-competitive draft formula as it stands and offer one possible solution .
Right now the picks are awarded in reverse order of league standings points ( 30th place gets the 1st overall , 29th the 2nd , 28th the 3rd etc. ) and then is adjusted by a draft lottery .
The team finishing in dead last has a 48.1 % chance at winning the draft lottery and no team can move down more than one spot or up more than four spots in the draft because of the lottery .
Those are the basics .
The top picks go to teams that have carefully managed to consistently lose a great deal of games .
How is that anything but utter foolishness ?
How is it anything but contrary to the very nature of sport ?
I 'm not saying that there is a massive problem with players actively throwing games since they have strong personal incentives to perform as well as possible .
Guys like Robert Nilsson and Ryan Potulny are playing to stay in the NHL and , frankly , the last thing they need is a young hot - shot who 's expected to step into the lineup next season .
These guys are clearly going to be trying as hard as they can to play as well as they can .
On the other hand , there are players like Shawn Horcoff .
He knows he has about five years left in Edmonton and that he's in no real danger of being bought out or sent to the minors based on his performance this year .
His no - trade clause is still in effect .
It makes all the sense in the world for him to try to get a player on this team that helps them most over the next five years since this year is a write - off .
By all accounts , Shawn Horcoff is an intelligent person .
How does he answer if someone says , " Shawn , even if the team goes 25 - 10 - 3 for the rest of the year , you 'd still only have 90 points and would likely miss the playoffs .
Given the unliklihood of performing any better than that , is n't the team better off to lose and get a higher draft pick that can help you win in the future ? "
What the hell is he supposed to say ?
No ?
So what 's my suggestion ?
I still think that the league needs to strive for some parity - you should n't give the team that finishes with the best regular season record the first overall pick - but I 'm also resolutely opposed to a team being rewarded for being the aboslute suckiest of the suck .
I would suggest the way to combat this is with a different lottery system that gives the team with the most points but who still missed the playoffs the best chance at the first overall pick when determining draft order .
I would hope that there is significant enough interest in making the playoffs that you would n't see teams on the cusp of the playoffs tanking their final game or two to make sure that they do n't make it but just in case , I would structure the lottery such that no team has particularly good odds of winning the top pick with no limit on how far you can rise or fall in the lottery .
My lottery would include 105 balls and would be structured as follows :
Balls are selected until each team has been selected once .
The teams draft in the order they are selected .
The system that 's used now for the last 16 selections would remain the same .
I think this system is successful for several reasons .
The first is that it 's more random .
Fans generally wo n't know where they 're picking in the draft until the lottery itself which would make the lottery a potentially televisable event that would hold it 's own excitement .
Second , it rewards the teams that are trying to win and empowers fans to actually cheer for their team all season long .
I know that I found the 2007 - 08 Oilers disheartening but it was actually fun to cheer on their improbable run toward the playoffs ( they did n't have their own draft pick ) .
If the Oilers go on a similar run this year their will be weeping and gnashing of teeth .
How wrong is that ?
Third , it removes any mixed motives away from the players .
The players likely wo n't be thinking much about the draft except that there would be a general awareness that everyone in the organization wants them to win as many games as possible .
This is a good thing .
I think this system would be successful and much easier to organize / collectively bargain than a run-off tournament from the teams who miss the playoffs at the end of the year .
But whether they go with this system or another one , they need to make a change .
The current system is depressing as a fan and rewards failure .
And as an Oiler fan , I see failure rewarded in my hockey club far too often .
The Jerusalem Post
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Over a year after Operation Cast Lead and following wide - rangingcriticism and countless international condemnations , the vindication ofthe IDF has finally begun .
The 500 - page report revealed Monday byand authored by the Intelligence and Terrorism Information Center isthe first real , aggressive Israeli response to the Goldstone Report , taking it apart piece - by - piece and explaining the true nature of theconflict against Hamas in the Gaza Strip .
There are chapters on Hamas ’s use of mosques , hospitals , ambulances andschools .
There is an entire section dedicated to unmasking the Palestinian police force in the Gaza Strip , which the Goldstone Reportclaimed was a civilian force , saying Israel ’s attacks against policemenwere unjustified .
There is another section dedicated to explaining the events that ledIsrael to launch Operation Cast Lead in December 2008 , a period of timealmost completely ignored by judge Richard Goldstone and an issueillustrated most recently by the interview Col.
Desmond Travers , the Irish officer who sat on the panel , gave in which he claimed only tworockets were fired into Israel in the month preceding the operation .
Inreality , there were close to 200 .
What is interesting about the Malam report is that it does not focus onthe IDF and the way it operated inside the Gaza Strip .
Instead itfocuses strictly on Hamas , its tactics and the way it cynically usescivilians as well as civilian infrastructure to hide behind and launchattacks from within against Israel .
The results are astounding .
While Hamas ’s use of mosques was known , the Malam report shows that itwas extensive and was a pillar of Hamas ’s overall military doctrine ( almost 100 mosques were used to store weapons and launch Kassams ) .
While everyone has heard the story about how Hamas terror chiefs hid inthe basement of Shifa Hospital in Gaza City , the Malam report revealsmaps of other hospitals which were surrounded by mines , Hamas militaryposts and tunnels .
While Malam and its head , Col. ( res. )
Reuven Erlich , should beapplauded for their work , the question that needs to be asked is why anon-profit organization run by former Military Intelligence officers isdoing what the Foreign Ministry , IDF Spokesman ’s Office and PrimeMinister ’s Office should have been doing immediately after the airforce launched its first missile into downtown Gaza City on the firstday of the operation .
The radio waves are full these days of commercials from PublicDiplomacy Minister Yuli Edelstein ’s new campaign to get regularIsraelis , during their travels abroad , to explain that they do n’t ridecamels or eat only barbecued foods .
Instead of wasting taxpayer ’smoney , Edelstein ’s budget should go to establishing an officialresponse team that will be responsible for writing such reports anddisseminating them to the media , not a year after the operation butrather as the fighting is still going on .
Until this happens , Israel has only itself to blame for the level of criticism it faces after every war and operation .
And if not for Erlich and his team of expert researchers , Israelwould n’t even have the report that Malam released on Monday .
Instead wewould be focused on camels and barbecues .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Work on the new grand prix circuit at Silverstone is nearing completion , the British Grand Prix organisers said on Tuesday .
The multi-million pound investment in a new track layout for this year 's race , as well as improved spectator facilities , is on schedule to be finished by the end of the month .
The new ' Arena ' layout will host this year 's British Grand Prix , but also MotoGP and World Superbike rounds .
" Work on the circuit and venue is on schedule , " said Silverstone managing director Richard Phillips .
" The team has been working around the clock , through some pretty terrible weather conditions , to make sure the circuit is ready on time .
" The track works at Brooklands and Woodcote are now complete , including the new run -off area for the fast entry into Pits Straight , while the major new development - the new section of circuit from Abbey , up to the Arena Complex and round to the National Straight - is also coming along nicely .
" There is still a considerable amount of work going on at Silverstone , including the new elevated banks and spectator viewing areas , which will continue beyond March .
Conference and hospitality buildings are also being built on the new Stowe Complex . "
We are actually witnessing an erosion of protections of women and children in abusive relationships .
Policies that reflect social biases paint women as “ vindictive ” liars , combine with the efforts of both alleged abusers to fight to regain control of their wives and children and fathers ’ rights proponents are harming women and children trying to escape abuse .
This article was updated at 1:44 pm EST to insert a missing paragraph .
When do reproductive rights end ?
Do they end at birth ?
Do they continue throughout a child ’s life ?
Do reproductive rights extend to parental rights ?
These are questions we are just starting to ask .
And finding the answer can be , in many cases , the difference between life and death .
Most agree that women have a right to control their own bodies .
However , recent research shows that some men sabotage women ’s use of birth control and some use coercion to get a woman pregnant .
Abusive men use these tactics to control women .
And in cases where a woman then has children in an abusive setting , what are the woman ’s reproductive rights and how do these intersect with her parental rights ?
Surely , charges of “ failure to protect ” can be used against her if she or the child is harmed .
But what happens when women flee such relationships or try to deny abusive parents access to their children ?
Does either the judicial system or society support her in her efforts to protect her children ?
Do we believe her ?
Provide her with protection ?
Deny abusers access to children ?
We are actually witnessing an erosion of protections of women and children in abusive relationships .
In this article , I examine the ways in which policies that reflect social biases painting women as “ vindictive ” liars , combine with the efforts of both alleged abusers to fight to regain control of their wives and children and fathers ’ rights proponents are harming women and children trying to escape abuse .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Approximately 100,000 contested child custody cases occur each year in the U.S.
Two - thirds of these involve domestic violence , committed overwhelmingly ( 90 percent ) by fathers , according to Harvard ’s Jay Silverman , in a forward to the book Domestic Violence , Abuse , and Child Custody .
Research finds that men who assault their wives are also likely to abuse their children .
While we are likely to believe that the protective parent would gain custody , this is not often the case .
In contested custody cases , men who seek custody get it up to 84 percent of the time .
The Leadership Council on Child Abuse and Interpersonal Violence estimates that approximately 58,000 children a year go into unsupervised , joint or sole custody with an abusive parent .
What ’s a mother to do to protect herself and her child ?
Failure to protect
In a recent case our judicial system was tested and failed .
Katie Tagle sought a restraining order on Jan. 21 , 2010 against her ex-boyfriend Stephen Garcia to stop him from having unsupervised visitation with their nine - month - old child .
She told the judge Garcia threatened to kill the infant .
The judge thought she was lying .
The court transcript records Judge Robert Lemkau as saying , “ One of you is lying … ”
And later , “ Mr. Garcia claims it ’s total fabrication on your part . ”
Garcia also referred to it as “ little stunts and games ” that “ she used ” to deny him access to his son .
Even when she mentions the evidence of the threats , he says , “ Well , ma’am , there ’s a real dispute about whether that ’s even true or not . ”
And finally , “ My suspicion is that you ’re lying … ” ( said twice ) .
He denied her the order ( as did two other judges ) .
Garcia took their son that day and drove off into the mountains .
Ten days later they were both found dead .
If this were only an isolated case , it might end there .
But it ’s not .
Within two weeks of the Garcia - Tagle case , on February 8 , 20 - year - old Nicholas Bacon shot his nine - month - old son and then himself .
Bacon had joint custody .
Shortly after these two cases , 34 - year - old Jesus Roman Fuentes shot his four - year - old son during a court - ordered visitation .
The boy died at the hospital .
The father , who had also shot himself , died this past week .
And following on these three cases , Mark Resch shot his seven - year - old son during a scheduled visitation and then committed suicide .
The apparent motive was revenge against his estranged wife .
In this case , the wife sought two orders of protection and police removed a gun from the household .
Evidently , the family court judge still believed this man was a safe parent .
Mark A. Guenther was charged in the murder of his 18 - month - old daughter this month .
According to a commenter named Brokenhearten , who posted a comment on the news article :
Her mother tried and tried to get something done so that she did not have to go see her father .
She had DFS out to his house , they found nothing …
She filed for an order of protection on a couple different occassions … they were dismissed …
She refused to let her see her dad until her back was up to the wall … the court systems had tied her hands and she had no other choices but to let her sweet baby go to her dads house and hope that everything was ok …
Once again , parental rights trumped safety and the system meant to protect children ignored the dangers identified by the mother .
Family court and fathers ’ rights =
A deadly combination
Historically , battered women have had problems retaining custody of their children .
Mainly this was due to how they present ; in a word , poorly .
They cry , they ’re frightened , they appear anxious and even hostile .
Now add to this mix the Fathers ’
Rights movement , a group referred to as anti-feminist , backlash and even , the “ Abusers ’ Lobby ” and you have what amounts to a catastrophe , if not a deadly combination , for women and children .
( In contrast , positive parenting or responsible fatherhood groups often work as allies with women . )
The Fathers ’ rights movement ( along with many Men ’s rights activists ) , has introduced policies such as “ friendly parent ” policies , joint custody , punishment for false allegations and various syndromes to family courts across the country ( as well as in many Western countries and in India ) .
Most of these policies seem beneficial on the surface — but have hidden dangers lurking underneath .
In today ’s courts with friendly parent policies , a battered woman will look anything but friendly .
So who gets custody ?
The one who appears most likely to share parenting responsibilities .
Often enough , the batterer .
Joint custody is another policy that sounds fair in principle , but experts warn it is not ideal for couples with high conflict .
Family court is , however , known to be “ the place ” for couples with moderate - to - high conflict .
Most couples ( roughly 85 percent ) resolve parenting plans themselves .
Those that can’t , and often enough those with some prior history of abuse or control , go to family court .
Fathers ’ rights groups would like to see family courts enforce presumptive or mandated shared custody .
Experts in domestic violence would not .
Domestic violence experts also cringe at the idea of punishing false allegations , something the fathers ’ rights groups actively promote .
Since accusations of abuse can be difficult to prove – with evidence and witnesses – this can serve to punish parents for alleging abuse .
Punishment deters reporting .
Parents can be fined , jailed or denied custody if the judge does n’t believe their accusation .
Domestic violence expert Barry Goldstein says , “ Research has established that fathers in contested custody cases are 16 times more likely than mothers to make false allegations .
It is not that men are more dishonest , but 90 percent of contested custody cases involve abusive fathers seeking custody to pressure their partner to return or punish her for leaving .
Although fathers are more likely to make false charges , courts are more likely to believe them . ”
Parental alienation ( PA ) or parental alienation syndrome ( PAS ) , the idea that a parent poisons the mind of the child ( ren ) , is another idea introduced within the last two decades by fathers rights groups .
Developed by Dr. Richard Gardner , PAS is highly controversial .
Proponents claim parents ( mostly mothers ) turn their children against the other parent .
Opponents claim PAS can mask child abuse .
Indeed , research by Jay Silverman found 54 percent of cases with documented abuse were in favor of abusers .
PAS was used in nearly every case .
In many of the cases I ’ve cited , had the women tried to deny the fathers access to the children , they could ’ve been countered with “ alienation ” or the judge could ’ve immediately transferred custody over to the more “ friendly ” parent .
In a case stemming from November , for example , Danielle Horvat fled with her three - and - a - half - year - old boy , Garrett Aguilar on a day that she had a dispute with the boy ’s father , David Aguilar .
She stopped at one domestic violence shelter .
Despite the fact that police did not investigate her claims of abuse , the court immediately transferred custody over to the father , as they often do when parents flee .
The incredible lightness of domestic violence
Thanks to the aid of the Internet , ( mostly ) men that make claims of being falsely accused or alienated find support , encouragement and targets for their anger — which is aimed at their exes , or women in general and feminists in particular .
Individuals and groups that promote studies referring to domestic violence as 50 - 50 or “ mutual ” also find supporters within this crowd .
Many of these claims are based on studies that rely on self - reportage or pick up common couple violence .
Their limitations include using self - report ; not picking up severe violence or homicide ; not putting violence into context ( was it used for self - defense ? ) ; and not including violence during separation ( the most dangerous time for a woman ) .
What the promotion of these studies has done is introduce the element of doubt .
If you combine this with women ’s low credibility ( due to societal bias and the biases of the legal system ) , you have danger .
Take the case of Timothy Frazier .
In May 2009 , Frazier convinced police his ex-girlfriend Candice Dempsey was a threat to their 21 - month - old son .
While Frazier made it very clear to police he did not have custody , police readily handed his son over to him .
Two weeks later , both were found dead .
Even when the woman is believed , it is not often the father will have his parental rights terminated .
Last year , Octavious Dupree Gilmore punched his ex-girlfriend in the head and threatened to kill her , their two kids and himself .
The Gaston Gazette reported him as saying , “ ” … ( I ) f I ca n’t have you , nobody can , ” Gilmore allegedly told her .
“ I ’ll kill you , the kids , then myself . ”
He was charged but later released .
According to the article , he was told to “ have no contact with the accuser outside of their child custody agreement , ” ( emphasis mine ) .
Despite an assault and death threats , the judge believed this man to be a safe parent .
In another case , charges of domestic violence were not given much weight , as they were not placed in context of the abuser ’s history .
Craig Alan Wall , Sr. was a suspect in his 5 - week - old son ’s death .
He violated a protection order when he went to his son ’s memorial .
The prosecutor never mentioned that Wall was a suspect in his son ’s case or that he had served a 14 - year prison sentence for armed robbery .
The judge released Wall on $ 1,000 bail .
Two days later , he stabbed his ex-girlfriend ( the child ’s mother ) to death .
She was 29 and left behind a 6 - year - old son .
Fathers rights do not trump women and children ’s safety
In many of these cases , the women are doing what they are “ supposed to do : ” reporting domestic violence , filing orders of protection , using shelters , and so on .
And yet , despite jumping all the hoops set up for them , in many of these cases , the system is failing them .
The women in question are not finding justice for themselves or their children .
As a result , we find women who feel forced to stay with an abuser or forced to share parenting rather than not be able to protect her children at all .
These women are not “ failing to protect , ” but the judicial system is failing to protect them and their children from further harm , abuse and death .
( For citations to research on women losing custody , see www.leadershipcouncil.org)
[ Note : organizations like Justice for Children do report men experiencing similar situations , but overwhelmingly we witness women facing this type of bias and injustice in family court . ]
Many of the fathers rights guys think their reproductive rights extend to their parental rights .
This should also be the case for women — and , indeed , many mothers ’ rights groups have sprung up in defense of these rights .
So the question remains :
When do our reproductive rights end ?
How can we we prevent women from losing custody of the very children they bear ?
How can we help them protect themselves and their children from harm ?
How can we help women receive justice in a judicial system that may not believe their claims and may actually punish them for making abuse allegations ?
Fathers do have rights , no doubt , but their rights do not trump women and children ’s safety .
That is the balance — the justice — that we must seek — and it ’s a matter of life and death that we do so soon .
“ Even though we did n’t stay with the team , there was n’t no fuss raised , ” Mays said .
“ In Chicago , we had to stay at a hotel on the South Side , but we did n’t have a curfew .
We got double meal money .
The other guys stayed at a hotel in the north , and it was n’t far from the ballpark , so they had a bus take them .
We had a car  myself , Monte Irvin , Ruben Gomez and a kid named Ray Noble . ”
( Noble , a Cuban - born catcher who played for the Giants from 1951 to ’ 53 , was actually 12 years older than Mays . )
Image Willie Mays is the subject of “ Willie Mays : The Life , the Legend , ” out next month .
Credit ... Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
“ We ’d go to the hotel , and they did n’t charge us , ” he said .
“ They ’d want us to go to the bar , and then all the people at the hotel would migrate to the bar , and I did n’t drink , but they gave me Cokes and things .
It was no problem .
I had a good time , man , a good time . ”
In his early years , Mays was looked after  some said coddled  by Manager Leo Durocher , whose celebrated truculence with opponents and umpires was matched by his paternal attitude toward his star center fielder .
Mays called him Mr. Leo back then ; today , he acknowledges Durocher , who died in 1991 , as a father figure .
“ He always made sure I knew what suit to buy and how to dress , ” Mays said .
“ He ’d never holler at me .
If he had something to say , he ’d talk soft .
When we were in California , I ’d stay at his house , and when we went on the road , his kid was my roommate .
Chris Durocher , he was about 7 .
We ’d go on the road , and Leo would say , ‘ You got him , ’ so for two weeks , I ca n’t go nowhere , ca n’t do nothing .
I think that was Leo ’s way of looking after me . ”
Mays giggled as he recalled that he managed to make money on this arrangement .
He ate at restaurants where the black players were welcome , and took Chris with him ; when Chris reported to his father he had been on a steady diet of soul food , Durocher told Mays that he wanted his son to be able to eat steak .
“ And I said , ‘ Well give me some steak money then , ’ ” Mays said .
“ And Leo would whip out four or five hundred and stick it in my pocket .
And we ’d go somewhere , and I ’d ask Chris , ‘ You want a steak ? ’ and he ’d say , ‘ No , I ’ll eat what you eat . ’
I never told Leo . ”
Mays played in four World Series , the first one in his rookie year , 1951 , after the Giants beat the Brooklyn Dodgers in a three - game playoff to capture the pennant , winning the final game on Bobby Thomson ’s ninth - inning home run off Ralph Branca .
Mays was on deck , and he was so focused on his own possible at - bat , he said , that it did not dawn on him that Thomson ’s blast had ended the game .
Windsor , Ont. , was in the middle of a 15 - week civic workers ' strike when Google 's Street View cameras photographed the city on the Detroit River . ( ( Google ) ) Windsor city council says Google Maps Street View is painting a rather unpleasant picture of the border city .
Council voted Monday night to contact Google and ask the internet giant to return and take photographs of the Ontario city again .
The Google cameras were in the city one day in the summer of 2009 .
However , the newly released street - level photographs captured the city in the middle of a 15 - week civic workers ' strike , with unkempt gardens , overflowing garbage bins , and striking workers on the picket line .
Google Street View cameras photographed the scene of a fatal stabbing outside a strip club on Wyandotte Street East on July 21 , 2009 .
Google has since removed this image .
( ( Google ) )
When Google launched Windsor Street View on Feb. 9 , CBC News also discovered visitors to the website were shown images of a homicide scene outside Leopard 's Lounge strip club , complete with police cars and yellow tape .
Google has since removed the photographs , inserting a black screen in their place .
Residents complain to council
City councillors said Monday they have received complaints from Windsorites about how their city is being portrayed on the internet .
Coun .
Ron Jones said the city 's parks , in particular , do n't look like they usually do .
" When I saw the pictures of the garbage in Dieppe park , the overgrown grass , when you looked into Queen Elizabeth , which is normally just gorgeous and you saw the garbage and the dead flowers and so on .
That 's not Windsor , that 's not the Windsor that we all love , " said Jones .
Google Street View provides panoramic views of more than 150 cities and towns across Canada , including images from every province and territory except Nunavut .
Street View was originally launched in May 2007 , and has expanded as its cameras , mounted atop moving vehicles — and recently a snowmobile in the Rockies — photograph more and more communities .
Synonyms :
Description :
In the five hundred years since Earth 's environment was destroyed and the planet came to be known as Terra , humans have created a society in space that is entirely logical .
Supercomputers control the government , babies are grown in artificial wombs and assigned parents randomly , and at age 14 , children take an " Adulthood Exam . "
Humanity 's greatest enemy is the " Mu" — humans who have developed into espers .
When Jomy Marquis
Shin 's birthday arrives and the time comes for him to take his Adulthood Exam , he is shocked to learn that all of his childhood memories are going to be erased .
Suddenly , he hears the voice of Soldier Blue , the leader of the Mu , calling out to him to hold onto his memories .
Jomy makes his escape on a Mu ship and is shocked to learn that he himself is an esper and that the government has sentenced him to death .
Nearing the end of his life , Soldier Blue transfers his memories to Jomy and names him the next leader of the Mu. Now , Jomy has a choice : keep the Mu in hiding , or declare war on humanity to realize their dream of returning to Terra .
- video encodings still in process -
The scriptures teach us that God has no pity on the damned in hell ; he himself laughs and mocks them in their agony like they laughed and mocked him in his mercy .
Proverbs 1:22 - 27
How long , ye simple ones , will ye love simplicity ?
and the scorners delight in their scorning , and fools hate knowledge ?
Turn you at my reproof : behold , I will pour out my spirit unto you , I will make known my words unto you .
Because I have called , and ye refused ; I have stretched out my hand , and no man regarded ;
But ye have set at nought all my counsel , and would none of my reproof : I also will laugh at your calamity ; I will mock when your fear cometh ;
When your fear cometh as desolation , and your destruction cometh as a whirlwind ; when distress and anguish cometh upon you .
Behold , beware , and repent ....... Though Satan and the devils were the first to sin against God they will have dominion over you in hell , because they would not have rejected God 's devine mercy had it been offered to them but been overjoyed to receive it .
Hebrews 10:29 -31
Of how much sorer punishment , suppose ye , shall he be thought worthy , who hath trodden under foot the Son of God , and hath counted the blood of the covenant , wherewith he was sanctified , an unholy thing , and hath done despite unto the Spirit of grace ?
For we know him that hath said , Vengeance belongeth unto me , I will recompense , saith the Lord .
And again , The Lord shall judge his people .
It is a fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living God .
WASHINGTON --
The Obama administration is increasingly questioning the long - term stability of Tehran 's government and moving to find ways to support Iran 's opposition " Green Movement , " said senior U.S. officials .
The White House is crafting new financial sanctions specifically designed to punish the Iranian entities and individuals most directly involved in the crackdown on Iran 's dissident forces , said the U.S. officials , rather than just those involved in Iran 's nuclear program .
U.S ....
Apple turned up the heat in the mobile market last week when it unveiled its new iPad mobile computing device .
Jim Zemlin , the executive director of the Linux Foundation , has responded to Apple 's product launch with a candid appraisal of Linux 's strengths and weaknesses in the mobile market relative to Apple 's mobile operating system .
Zemlin , one of the Linux community 's most vocal advocates , speculated last year that Linux could eventually become the dominant operating system for consumer electronics products .
His argument was based largely on the assertion that Linux 's lack of licensing costs will make it the most practical and affordable option for hardware vendors .
In his latest blog entry , Zemlin contends that Linux still has the price advantage , but he acknowledges that the open source operating system still can't deliver a user experience that competes with what Apple is offering to consumers .
The missing ingredient , he says , is " magic . "
" Apple is unmatched at creating a cohesive experience .
While many question the revolutionary impact of the iPad , Apple 's consistent user experience is far closer to magical than most things currently running Linux .
It may be easy for us to bash Microsoft every other week , but Apple is a true competitor , " he wrote .
" [ It has ] the polish , the focus on usability and ease of use , the application and hardware integration all to make using their technology a seamless and elegant part of your day , instead of a constant struggle with technology . "
Although there are a number of compelling open source technologies for building rich user interfaces , such as Intel 's Clutter framework and Nokia 's QML , these are still at relatively early stages of adoption and are n't yet widely used .
Zemlin points out that Apple is moving quickly — the open source software community will have to jump ahead if its wants to be able to truly compete .
Such an effort will require broad collaboration between major Linux stakeholders .
Fortunately , says Zemlin , the Linux Foundation has a battle plan and is preparing to launch a new initiative that will help conjure up a fresh infusion of magic .
" While we 're strong on price , we still have a ways to go to compete .
The Linux Foundation is n't just going to complain about the need for more ' Magic ' on the Linux platform — we are going to do something about it , " he says .
" Stay tuned over the next few weeks for big news on just how we will accomplish this . "
A point that seems to jump out from between the lines in Zemlin 's blog entry is that it reflects the growing sentiment within the commercial Linux industry that Apple , and not Microsoft , is the real competitor in the consumer space .
Take a look at how closely Zemlin 's commentary mirrors the following snippet from Ubuntu founder Mark Shuttleworth 's 2008 OSCON keynote :
" I think the great task ahead of us over the next two years is to lift the experience of the Linux desktop from something that is stable and robust and not so pretty , to something which is art .
Not emulate , but blow right past Apple in the user experience we deliver to our end users . "
Canonical , Shuttleworth 's company , launched the Ayatana project in order to pursue its goal of building a more artful desktop .
Part of the underlying vision of that project is to produce a free desktop that is designed by designers instead of programmers .
Intel is adopting a similar philosophy with Moblin and producing some compelling results .
The Linux Foundation , as a vehicle for coordinating corporate and community engagement around the Linux platform , could potentially help to harmonize some of these disparate platform beautification efforts and bring some much - needed consistency to the mix .
Interoperability , a different kind of " magic "
Although Apple has a wide lead in the general quality of the user experience , there is another kind of " magic " that Linux has in abundance : interoperability .
Due to the general openness of the platform , Linux has the potential to support integration with a much broader range of third - party technologies .
We got an in - the - trenches perspective on this issue from Hal Steger , the VP of marketing at Funambol , a company that makes open source synchronization software that is compatible with a number of different mobile devices and platforms .
Based on the company 's experiences , he says that open Linux - based platforms like Android are easier for Funambol to support .
" It has been impossible for an independent open source developer such as Funambol to access certain basic parts of iPhone ( such as the calendar , and presumably this is the same on iPad ) whereas on Android , there are no similar limitations , " he told us in an e-mail .
He thinks that Apple needs to reach out to open source software developers and loosen its restrictions on the iPhone software platform .
" There was no mention of open source and iPad in the same sentence anywhere [ during the iPad press conference ] , which given Apple 's proprietary culture and penchant for complete control , is not surprising , " he remarked .
" If [ Apple ] really wanted to capture the attention of developers and perhaps steal some of the momentum from Android ( which is enabling a broad range of mobile devices and apps ) , it would seem that Apple would at least throw a bone to the open source community , but there was none . "
There is clearly a certain class of functionality that will be absent on Apple 's platform due to the closed nature of the platform .
Linux - based technologies could potentially have an advantage if they are open enough to enable some of the things that Apple does n't permit .
The extent to which this competitive advantage will help Linux is debatable .
Apple has its own end - to - end ecosystem that mitigates the direct need for third - party interoperability in some specific cases .
As mobile Linux continues to gain broad traction , competition from Apple will force open source software developers to think hard about usability and how to deliver a comparable user experience .
Listing image by Dave Bennion
Nature Biotechnology
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
A new technology developed at Hadassah University Medical Center has made it possible to produce large amounts of human embryonic stem cells for industry and research by growing them in suspension .
Until now , hESCs – which have the potential of ripening into any other type of body cells for repair of tissues and organs – have been created in small numbers .
Called a “ breakthrough ” in hESC technology , the research was just published in the prestigious science journal .
The article , titled “ Derivation , propagation and controlled differentiation of human embryonic stem cells in suspension , ” was written by Dr. Debora Steiner as part of her post - doctoral work under the direction of Prof.
Benjamin Reubinoff , both of Hadassah ’s Human Embryonic Stem Cell Research Center , with participation by other Hadassah colleagues .
HESC research has been stymied by the fact that it has , until now , beendifficult to make large amounts of them .
Conventionally , they have beencultured as colonies consisting of one cell layer attached to a flat “ bed ” of chemicals or nutrients .
The involved a great deal of work , and the number of hESCs produced was limited .
It was thought that propagation of hESCs in a suspension ( a mixture inwhich fine particles are suspended in a fluid where they are supportedby buoyancy ) was impossible because under these conditions , the cellswould stop multiplying and instead undergo uncontrolled ripening intovarious types of cells .
But the Hadassah researchers developed unique conditions that made itpossible for the cells to multiply significantly in suspension withoutdifferentiating into specific cell types .
By changing the conditions ofthe culture , they showed that they could control the ripening of hESCclusters in suspension into neural spheres .
Thus instead of being grownon beds in one layer , the stem cells could be cultivated in large vatswith precise , computerized monitoring of growth conditions .
Pour la croissance de votre start - up , vous pouvez choisir une méthode basée soit sur les KPI , soit sur les OKR .
Zoom sur cette dernière méthode .
( CNN ) --
The driver of a Toyota Prius says he was taken on a wild ride Monday after the car 's accelerator became stuck , reaching speeds in excess of 90 mph on a winding , hilly portion of a southern California interstate .
It took the California Highway Patrol to bring the car safely to a stop .
The driver , Jim Sikes , said he was traveling east on Interstate 8 outside of the San Diego area when he attempted to pass a slower vehicle .
" I pushed the gas pedal to pass a car , and it just did something kind of funny ... and it just stuck there , " he said at a news conference outside a Highway Patrol office .
" As I was going , I was trying the brakes ... and it just kept speeding up . "
Sikes said he called 911 for help , and dispatchers talked him through instructions on how he might be able to stop the car .
But nothing worked .
At one point , Sikes said he reached down to try to pull the accelerator up , but it " stayed right where it was . "
Alerted by emergency dispatchers , a California Highway Patrol officer was able to catch up to Sikes ' Prius and used the patrol car 's public address system to instruct Sikes to apply the brakes and the emergency brake at the same time .
The tactic worked , and the car slowed to about 50 mph .
Sikes said he was able to shut off the car , and it rolled to a stop .
The responding officer , Todd Neibert , positioned his patrol car in front of the Prius as a precaution to prevent it from moving again .
Toyota recently issued widespread recalls due to problems related to the accelerator pedal in several of its auto models .
One theory behind the sticky accelerators is the vehicles ' floor mats .
But Sikes said " my mat was perfect .
There was nothing wrong with my mat . "
Sikes said he took his 2008 Prius into a local Toyota dealership about two weeks ago for service and gave workers there his recall notice .
He said he was told his car was n't on the recall list .
" I 'll be back there tomorrow , " he said Monday , visibly shaken up .
CHP spokesman Brian Pennings said the ordeal lasted just over 20 minutes .
" We are extremely thankful that there was a safe end to this , " Pennings said .
A Toyota spokesman issued a statement Monday night saying the automaker had been notified of the incident .
" Toyota has dispatched a field technical specialist to San Diego to investigate the report and offer assistance , " the statement said .
" We also have about 120 children and adults reported missing whose fate we have not traced , " he added .
" From the experience of those whom we recovered , we can not rule out that they may be victims of human sacrifice . "
Sports - National , Local , Louisville , Kentucky - just all that .
P - Diddy held talks about investing in the club earlier this month
The administrator of Crystal Palace has said he would " welcome an approach " by rap star P - Diddy .
The music mogul 's publicist confirmed to BBC London that he is thinking of moving into the football business .
Brendan Guilfoyle , administrator of the bankrupt Championship side , said he " would willingly fly to New York to meet him to discuss a purchase " .
P - Diddy , reportedly worth £ 360 m , held talks over investing in the club during a visit to the UK earlier this month .
Mr Guilfoyle , of The P&A Partnership financial firm , said he was " a big hip - hop fan " and would be " delighted if P - Diddy wanted to buy Crystal Palace " .
In January Palace had 10 points deducted after going into administration .
They are currently fourth from bottom in the Championship having previously been pushing for a play - off place .
By Dorothy Lalrinkimi in Aizawl
More than 10,000 performed the dance .
( Photos : Subhamoy Bhattacharjee )
A bamboo dance performed by more than 10,000 tribal people in India 's north - east has set a new world record as the " largest and longest bamboo dance " .
The dancers , who were mainly students , performed the traditional " Cheraw " dance along a 3 km ( 1.8 mile ) stretch in Aizawl , capital of Mizoram state .
Guinness World Records judge Lucia Sinigaliesi watched the dance along with tens of thousands of spectators .
Organisers said the award would help boost tourism to the state .
" This was easily the largest and longest bamboo dance ensemble performed anywhere in the world so far , " Ms Sinigaliesi said after the event .
Later , she handed over a certificate to Mizoram 's arts and culture minister , PC Zoramsangliana .
Ms Sinigaliesi watched the performance with thousands of people ( Photos : Subhamoy Bhattacharjee )
" This is a great day for Mizoram , it is a great recognition of our distinct culture and dance form , " Ms Boichhingpuii , Mizoram 's director for art and culture , said .
The 10 , 378 dancers performed for eight minutes in Aizawl 's spacious Assam Rifles Grounds , with many spilling out beyond the grounds .
" To make or break records the dances have to be traditional and the performers must wear traditional dresses as was done colourfully today , " Ms Sinigaliesi said .
After a long day of dealing and debate , the Democrats passed health care reform by a slim vote of 219 to 212 .
President Barack Obama will soon sign the bill , which will become law , and the House and Senate will go back to work on a few fixes .
Update : The House passed the reconciliation package 220 - 211 .
Now it ’s up to the Senate .
The president is expected to sign the bill Tuesday .
After all those years of searching , the US military has failed to capture Osama bin Laden .
Why ?
Because they failed to use parachuting bears , obviously .
That 's just one of the many useful suggestions the US defence department receives through its www.defense.gov website every day , and of which it has provided a few of the more amusing ones to Stars and Stripes newspaper .
Such as the one advising on the use of trained sniffer - bears to hunt down bin Laden and bring him to justice .
Bear justice .
Bears have scent detection that is far superior to bloodhounds !
Trained bears with GPS and day / night cameras around their necks might be able to hunt down the scent of [ Osama bin Laden ] , even in and through any caves and tunnels !!!
Overnight , parachute some bears into areas [ bin Laden ] might be .
Attempt to train bears to take off parachutes after landing , or use parachutes that self - destruct after landing .
Anyone who wishes to volunteer to train the bears to take off their parachutes should call the Pentagon immediately .
" The authors ' names were withheld , but all spelling , grammar and paranoia are authentic , " notes Stars and Stripes .
Many of the messages involve questions about the events of 9/11 from " Truthers " – but with one correspondent noting something no one else in the entire planet has considered :
Has anyone at the Department of Defense noticed that the Twin Towers were destroyed on 9/11 , and that when you dial emergency services in the USA you dial 911 ?
If so , is this merely a coincidence
Co-incidence ?
Yeah .
That 's what they want you to think .
Update : Reader otmshank points out in comments below that bears do have a track record of finding and killing militants :
The militants had assault rifles but were taken by surprise - police found the remains of pudding they had made to eat when the bear attacked .
Hmm , the bear did n't eat the pudding ... maybe the defence department already has Operation Killer Bear up and running ?
On Friday , the Law and Order Committee reported back [ PDF ] on the government 's Sentencing and Parole Reform Bill .
As expected , they 've rubberstamped the government 's changes to the bill 's " three strikes " regime , reducing the third strike penalty from mandatory life imprisonment with a 25 - year non-parole period to the maximum for that offence ( which may range from 7 years to life ) without parole , but also reducing the threshold for a " strike " from the imposition of a sentence of five years imprisonment to mere conviction for a specified offence ( meaning that more people will be subjected to the regime , for far less severe offending ) .
Like I said , Draco would be proud .
When the bill was initially introduced , the Attorney - General reported to the House [ PDF ] that it was inconsistent with the BORA ban on disproportionately severe treatment or punishment :
Absent manifest injustice , the sentencing court is obliged to impose a sentence on a qualifying offender that may be significantly more severe than that imposed on a more culpable , but non-qualifying , offender .
As a result , the scheme does not ensure a consistently rational connection between the offence and the penalty .
That still applies .
This bill will subject offenders to disproportionate sentences which bear no relation to their actual degree of culpability .
And that is simply wrong .
The third - strike penalty for manslaughter is a perfect example of this : judges will be required to impose a life sentence with a 20 - year minimum non-parole period , unless that would be " manifestly unjust " , in which case they are required to impose a 10 - year non-parole period .
At the low - end , manslaughter gets a term of community service .
Receiving even ten years for an offence which would ordinarily attract community service would seem to be the very definition of " manifest injustice " - and our courts will be required to commit it .
That 's the extreme example , in that manslaughter has a floor on its sentence even in cases of manifest injustice , but its the same story for other offences .
Offending which would normally attract a sentence of one year will instead receive one of seven , or ten , or fourteen years .
People will be punished disproportionately to the scale of their offending , simply to satisfy a bloodthirsty public 's desire to fuck them over in revenge .
I can think of no better way to bring the law into disrepute than to abandon justice for vengeance .
About two weeks ago , a startup based in Alexandria , Minnesota by the name of Striquent quietly launched a new website that combines results from major search engines .
" The idea for qrobe .
it was born out of a discussion on if the search experience can be improved upon or as the saying goes ' one can't improve what is already perfect , ' " Nisha Boban , QA Analyst at Striquent , told Ars .
" So what we did is focus on the user experience and meshed together the best of the Web , search results from Google , Bing and Ask , with ability to instantly share a URL with the leading social sites , save it , shorten it , verify it , etc . "
Boban believes
Google came very close to perfecting the search experience many years ago , but since then the Web has moved on and the search giant has not changed its service much .
Microsoft , on the other hand , rebranded its search engine by launching Bing " with a host of very good features , " but could have done a better job with branding ( making the homepage pretty does n't cut it ) , she says .
Qrobe takes the results from both ( by default it does n't include Ask results for the sake of performance , but you can choose to include them ) .
Striquent wanted to include the top three search engines , but skipped out on Yahoo due to the 10 - year Microhoo deal which may have Bing powering Yahoo and would result in " redundant results " for Qrobe .
It also implements features exclusive to Bing , like instant answers for recipes and infinite scrolling ( Bing only does this for the Images section , but Qrobe does it for Web as well ) .
It 's worth noting that an earlier Live Search beta had infinite scrolling , but Microsoft ultimately dropped it .
Striquent had a lot of technical problems implementing the feature , especially with the use of the browser 's back button , but it really was " nothing Microsoft could n't have solved . "
When we took it out for a spin , we barely noticed the speed difference between using Qrobe and using just Google or just Bing .
For search queries like MSFT , Qrobe 's cleaner interface stood out : it gave all the information we wanted in the search results , but it did n't include all the extra sidebars , links , or ads that Google and Bing do .
We did a search for Ars Technica and compared it side - by - side ; Google gave 4,760,000 results , Bing pushed out 8,170,000 results , but Qrobe spat out 6,648,800 results , showing that it 's not just simply mashing the two together , but is actually removing duplicates .
In fact , we noticed that Qrobe showed the Twitter Ars Technica result from Google , which Bing did n't have on the first page , and the Horizon .
K12 Ars Technica page from Bing , which Google did n't have on the first page .
Those results were actually on the " second " page , but we did n't realize this until we saw that we were no longer looking at " Results 1 - 12 " but at " Results 1 - 26 . "
The infinite scrolling feature worked surprising well ; it was comparably fast to Bing 's infinite scrolling in Images .
Speaking of the Qrobe . it image search , we noticed a rather useless Peek feature under Web , which opens up a preview window of the source page .
We could n't quite figure out the point of it until we tried searching for Images .
Under each image there 's a neat " Peek ( Image / Site ) " line and while the Site link is just as pointless as it is under Web ( why not just click on the actual link and use the back button if you do n't like the site ? ) , the Image link bring up this great preview pane that lets you quickly go through each of the images in their original size .
This implementation of Peek we found to be much more useful .
We 're not too fond of the way Qrobe shows this information on each image : you have to mouse over the image to see it , which is just the way Bing does it by default , but at least Bing lets you change this .
Qrobe also pulls instant answers straight from Microsoft 's decision engine — such as sports teams like the Canucks , and even searches for recipes like macaroni — which Bing only added last week .
In fact , Qrobe seems to be taking more from Bing than from Google .
For example , a search for define : love only gives you the instant answer from Bing , and not Google .
But it does n't pull information from Bing very well all the time : when you search for weather or temperature , it does n't show you that information in your current city , like Bing does at the top , but it links you to Freebase to learn more about the terms , which Bing does further down in its results .
Qrobe currently only has two sections , Web and Images ( though Ask results are only offered under Web ) , but Striquent is working on adding a news aggregator and video search after that .
The search results are currently ad - free , but ads might be added to news and other sections later on .
Striquent is n't making any money from Qrobe at the moment ; it 's simply hoping the search mashup will help promote the company 's main product , a CMS for ASP .
Net .
If you are someone that goes to both Google and Bing regularly because you are n't satisfied with the results of just one of them , Qrobe is definitely worth a try .
If you are a power user though , or you 're an international user ( " Qrobe will remain English - only for the foreseeable future , " Boban told us ) , Qrobe just does n't cut it yet ( too many features like filters are missing ) .
Still , Striquent has made sure that you can add Qrobe to the search bar in your browser ( we checked and it works with Internet Explorer , Firefox , and Chrome ) so you can easily take it out for a spin for a week or two .
[ ?]
You control what stories you see below .
JOBLO represents all movie news articles while HORROR represents the Arrow in the Head genre stories .
Most admirers of Quantic Dreams ' interactive drama Heavy Rain will readily agree on the game 's most glaring fault – the inconsistent voice acting .
The visuals are astonishingly atmospheric , the plot ( though choppy at times ) is compelling , and the lush orchestral score is wonderfully resonant …
But …
Well , some of the acting performances are wooden to the point of somnambulism .
The thing is , Heavy Rain is far from alone .
Although the videogame industry loves to compare itself with the movie business , and clearly has ambitions to become the story - telling medium of the 21st century , poor vocal performances are common , even among Triple A titles .
In the last few months Aliens vs Predator , Army of Two : 40th Day and even Final Fantasy XIII have drawn criticism in the areas of scripting and performance .
So what 's going on ?
" Although improving all the time , there is still a lack of focus on story and character in games , " says Andy Emery creative director at Side , a leading provider of casting , directing and recording services to the videogame and movie sectors .
" This has to be an integral part of the project from start to finish .
We see problems with poor scripts all the time .
A professional scriptwriter is an essential part of modern game development but still we get ' developer written ' scripts with alarming regularity .
Even with the best Hollywood actors on board , a poor script can result in poor voice acting . "
A sometimes mediocre script certainly contributes to the problems in Heavy Rain , where key snippets of dialogue are so laboured and cliché - ridden , they more or less eject you straight out of the experience .
But then , actors work with dodgy scripts all the time , and can still put together a reasonably compelling performance ( just ask anyone who 's appeared in a romantic comedy in the last decade ) .
Experienced direction helps , too .
Clearly , there are deeper problems , involving the whole process of recording voice performances .
And it starts with timetabling .
Traditionally , voice acting has been recorded toward the end of the cycle , when the over - arching structure of the game and its narrative are safely locked down .
There are compelling reasons for this .
Games tend to evolve enormously over the standard two - year process , with whole missions often culled at a late stage , as playtesting reveals unforeseen fault lines and design issues .
Having to recall actors and record chunks of new dialogue to reflect story changes is perceived as an expensive , time - consuming chore – the last thing a hassled studio needs in the generally hellish run up to a major delivery deadline .
But while those justifications made sense in the old days , when voice performances tended to be restricted to skippable cut - scenes there for decoration only , they begin to look less convincing in the modern era .
With titles like Heavy Rain and the forthcoming psychological thriller Alan Wake , where cinematic fidelity is a cornerstone of the experience , voice recording can't just be something jammed in at the end ostensibly to cut costs .
But more on that later .
There are also fundamental differences between voice acting in a videogame and voice acting in linear artforms such as radio plays and animated movies .
Due to the interactive nature of games , actors can't be given a standard film script from which they 're able to gauge the throughline of their character and a feel for the dramatic development of the narrative .
Instead , lines of dialogue need to be isolated into chunks so they can be accessed and triggered within the game in line with the actions of each individual player .
Consequently , the performer will usually be presented with a spreadsheet jammed with hundreds of single lines of dialogue , with little sense of context or interaction .
As Emery argues , there 's really not a lot of alternative .
" For large complex RPG and MMO games , with dialogue that could add up to over 30hrs of play time , it 's simply not practical to give the actors the whole script .
You also risk information overload , with the actor struggling to focus on the areas of importance for their character .
Star Wars : The Old Republic , the new MMO being developed by Bioware is a great example , as the project contains over 40 novels worth of scripted dialogue .
The key is to give the actors the information they need for their scenes and ensure they are well directed by a professional and well - briefed director . "
But according to David Sobolov , one of the most experienced videogame voice actors in the world ( just check out his website ) , the significant time pressures mean that close , in - depth direction is not always possible .
" Often , there 's a need to record a great number of lines , so to keep the session moving , once we 've established the tone of the character we 're performing , the director will silently direct us using the spreadsheet on the screen by simply moving the cursor down the page to indicate if he / she liked what we did .
Or they 'll make up a code , like typing an ' x ' to ask us to give them another take … "
It sounds , in effect , like a sort of acting battery farm , a grinding , dehumanising production line of disembodied phrases , delivered for hours on end .
Hardly condusive to Oscar - winning performances .
Indeed , the establishment of a fully - rounded character is a vital element of the acting process .
Most western drama schools conform to the model of acting developed by Russian Theatre practitioner Constantin Stanislavsy .
His works on the development of character - An Actor Prepares , Building a Character and Creating a Role - remain essential reference texts , even though his methods have been superseded and remixed by dozens of acting luminaries ever since – most notably perhaps , Lee Strasberg at The Actors Studio .
Stanislavski placed enormous emphasis on the ability of the actor to understand and inhabit the character 's life , not just the two hours of it presented on screen or stage , but everything that took place beforehand .
This takes time and imagination – elements seemingly absent from the factory - line schedules of many recording sessions .
It 's clear , however , that some studios have grasped this vital element .
" The actors always have the opportunity to learn about the character before the session , " says Emery of the work undertaken at Side .
" For most leading roles the actor would have had a full audition , with a director present to brief them about the character and their motivations .
Prior to a session they are sent their script and character bios , and where possible , an overview of the general story arc .
This allows them to better understand the character they are to play and how they should be played . "
But then there 's an added inhibitive element in the videogame voice recording session – actors usually perform in isolation .
This is , of course , a necessary evil as in - game dialogue will need to be chopped up , mixed and played in a variety of contexts .
But this is n't much consolation to the actor .
" I 've only worked on one game where that was n't the case , " says Sobolov .
" When I played The Arbiter in Halo Wars , they recorded cut scene dialogue with all the principal performers in the same room together much as they do in television animation .
Most times we have to silently skip over the other character 's lines ( if they 're shown to us at all ) then deliver our dialogue as if we were having a conversation in real time . "
Again , this runs counter to drama training where the art of reacting to other performers is an intrinsic element .
Little wonder , then , that without a full script , a character chronology to study or other performers to interact with , voice acting can be both stilted and lacking in nuance .
It 's an intrinsic problem that the key voice over studios are really looking in to .
Mark Estdale , director at casting and voice recording agency , Outsource Media , has been working for ten years on a system to provide voice over actors with a quick - n - dirty frame of reference for their characterisations .
" What the actor needs is something at the point of performance that they can react to , " he explains .
" To provide that , you need to throw away all previous script models .
What we 've done is build a database that can actually emulate game engine behaviours and recalls for the actor any kind of pertinent information - visuals from the game , audio , other actors ' lines – and it's all instant recall .
So you get the actor in the studio and when they 're in the zone you hit them with this radical system – it's all on screen in front of them , and they 're getting all the cues they'd get in the theatre or on a film production , they 're not reliant on trying to figure out what the heck 's going on . "
Added to this , there 's a very simple way to improve the quality of acting in most videogames : start early .
" To achieve a cinematic level of quality that so many titles demand now , the voice acting can't be left to the end of the development cycle , " maintains Emery .
" Making character performances an integral part of the pre- and main production stages opens up a whole range of opportunities to improve the final quality . "
Mark Estdale wholeheartedly concurs .
" Actors need to be cast when the developer is starting the design process .
I 'm working on one production now where we 're there really early in development , and the whole cast is involved - they 're giving voices to the characters as they 're being designed . "
Not only does this create a sense of ownership of the character , it also means that the director , writer , cast and game designers get to spark off each other – schlocky lumps of leaden dialogue , implausible character volte - faces and rampant cliché may all be avoided in a truly collaborative and respectful environment .
In some ways , what developers need to do it stop drawing all their cinematic reference points from the big CGI - stuffed blockbusters and start looking at the likes of Ken Loach and Mike Leigh who employ improvisation and collaboration to build drama .
Ultimately , Emery pinpoints an evolving role within the game development process ; instead of script writers , what is needed now are ' narrative designers ' , experts in the creation of plot and dialogue for an interactive medium .
" Good narrative designers can work with game designers to ensure the story and dialogue becomes a fully integrated element of the game design , rather than a hindrance to pure interactivity .
A lot of game players do not like to be stopped while a cut scene delivers story elements and clever Narrative design can ensure the story is delivered in a less obtrusive way .
" As narrative designers become more adept at delivering a compelling story in ways less obtrusive to game play , the distinction between ' Story ' dialogue and ' World Filling ' dialogue will continue to blur .
The challenge will be to ensure ALL acting in games is believable , from in - game greetings , to death cries , to the epic monologue . "
And Emery also highlights other vital elements of convincing non-linear narrative .
" Good audio implementation ensures that individual files , separated for reasons of interactivity , can sound like fluid , natural , overlapping dialogue once triggered in the game .
Using a professional director who is involved in casting , rehearsal and dialogue recordings makes a huge difference .
It 's essential to have someone who knows the project inside out , has been on board from the start , can talk to actors in their language and translate that into a performance . "
The ultimate solution for Emery , however , is the emerging field of full performance capture , in which one actor provides motion and facial capture , as well as the voice .
" For full performance capture sessions , it is more like a film shoot with script table reads , rehearsals and further familiarisation with the project all prior to an actual shoot , " he says .
" On the actual shoot the director will rehearse each scene with the actors together so they can get a feel of what will be going on in each scene and how they will interact and then have multiple live takes to get the required performance .
" On Dead Space : Extraction it was clear from the outset that the team was taking character performances in the game very seriously .
They looked for actors to provide not only a vocal and facial performance but also facial likeness to be used in the game .
Although the actors needed to have the right voice and the right look , the team were happy to be flexible about accent .
The most important thing was to cast a group of distinct , believable characters and I think we really hit the mark , and the gaming press agreed with us . "
The weird thing is , this is exactly the avenue Quantic Dream chose .
Of the four principle characters in Heavy Rain , three were played by actors who provided the voice , motion and facial capture data .
According to Madison Paige 's body actor , Jacqui Ainsley , all the actors were given full scripts , and they spent three years on the project – ample time to inhabit their roles .
Throughout the process , the game 's creator and writer David Cage also provided oodles of background detail regarding the moral choices at the heart of the drama .
They did everything right .
And certainly there are moments of profundity in the game , moments when the dialogue and performances click into place with spinetingling effect .
It could be that the actors were inexperienced in games , that the audio implementation , with so many branching dialogue elements to cope with , could not always call up exactly the right vocal intonations for the moment .
Perhaps it is down to the ambition of the project , the fact that it has effectively created its own genre , that a few inherent weaknesses are cruelly magnified .
The sheer size of the script ( apparently 16 movies worth of text ) may have contributed , though this scale is becoming more common these days .
According to a preview of Rockstar 's forthcoming adventure , LA Noire , in this month 's Edge , the script weighs in at 22,000 pages .
Yet still , the interactive drama , a genre at the forefront of narrative development , is in its infancy .
Most titles , however , sit in well - defined game types , developed by experienced studios .
For them , there is no excuse anymore .
David Sobolov is predictably passionate on the subject .
" We 're moving into a time where games are attempting to create an emotional experience rather than simply a visceral one .
If developers intend to tell more complex stories they 're going to need to hire the best talent they can find to complete that journey .
" A game ca n't be successful anymore if it 's developed as a piece of software .
It has to evoke emotional reactions and create a reality a gamer wants to buy into to be successful .
In the best titles , good voice acting can be the glue that keeps a gamer immersed in the world that the developer is creating , often subconsciously .
The human voice is the one thing in a game that 's 100 % real … "
Sept 5 , 2020 - Best of Quirks & Quarks : Listener question show
We answer your questions , like : do wildfires near Chernobyl release radiation ?
Do birds fly south for the summer in the southern hemisphere ?
How much does an airplane grows and shrink as it flies ?
Australian of the Year Professor Patrick McGorry has thrown his weight behind calls for a Senate inquiry into the Church of Scientology , saying the church 's teachings are putting Australians ' lives at risk .
Professor McGorry , a world - renowned youth mental health expert , and two other respected Australian psychiatrists are supporting independent Senator Nick Xenophon 's efforts to set up an investigation into the church 's activities and its teachings on psychiatric care .
Professor McGorry says it is time to put the Church of Scientology under the federal parliamentary microscope .
" It 's a bit like they 're the deniers of the reality of mental illness , which is not only incredibly irresponsible and dangerous , but something that has to be challenged , " he said .
Professor McGorry says he has been motivated by his long - time advocacy of early intervention for mental health problems .
The Church of Scientology has strong views about psychiatric medicine , and Professor McGorry says those teachings should be examined in a public forum such as a Senate inquiry .
" I 'm concerned that any restriction or any discouragement of access to mental health care will cost lives and result in unnecessary disability for people , " Professor McGorry said .
Professor Ian Hickie , the executive director of the Brain and Mind Institute in Sydney , also supports a Senate inquiry , as does Professor Louise Newman , the president of the Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Psychiatrists .
" I 've certainly come into contact with people with mental illness who have sought help or assistance from the Church of Scientology , and from many other organisations , " Professor Newman said .
" In their contact with the Church of Scientology they 've been discouraged from having appropriate treatment .
" Some have been encouraged to cease taking psychiatric medication even when those might be indicated , and there has certainly been no attempt to actually get people in any reasonable form of alternate therapy .
" This is not a trivial issue and I think for far too long , these sort of extremist views have hidden behind a group which describes itself as being an organised religion . "
Professor McGorry says he and his two colleagues are just the tip of a very deep iceberg .
" The whole mental health field would support this call for an inquiry and it's overdue in fact , in my opinion , " he said .
Professor McGorry met Senator Nick Xenophon yesterday .
Forced abortion claims
In Parliament last year Senator Xenophon raised serious allegations of abuse , blackmail and forced abortions within the church .
The church claimed he had abused parliamentary privilege , but the Senator has pushed for an inquiry .
The Greens support the push but as yet it does not have enough support from either the Government or Opposition Senators , who will be voting on it by the end of next week .
" I was heartened by the Prime Minister 's statement last year that he was concerned about these allegations , " Senator Xenophon said .
" The logical conclusion of the concerns expressed by the Prime Minister is for the Labor Party to support this inquiry .
" These are concerns that need to be dealt with in a transparent and robust manner .
" The way to do that is a Senate inquiry .
The Church of Scientology can be represented at that inquiry , they can give their submissions , but it would be an open and transparent process .
" What has the Church of Scientology to fear by having an open and transparent inquiry ? "
But Labor is sticking to its position that the Senate is not the right place to investigate the allegations .
And a spokesman for Opposition Senate Leader Nick Minchin says the Coalition is also unlikely to support it .
The ABC has been told that more than half of Coalition senators support the move , but there is resistance " at the top " .
A spokesman for Senator Xenophon says discussions are continuing to try and secure the support of the Coalition .
Senator Xenophon would not say if he was obsessed with this issue .
" I 've got an obligation to the victims of Scientology , who have come forward with very serious allegations , to see this through , " he said .
" To do anything else would be abandoning those victims .
To do anything else would be walking away from a very important issue .
" So I guess my message to my colleagues and to the community at large is that if it's an important issue in the public interest , I can be a completely stubborn bastard . "
But a spokesman for the Church of Scientology , Cyrus Brooks , says pushing for an inquiry is the wrong way for the professors and Senator Xenophon to go .
" They 're getting into the field of religion and they better stay in the field of mental health , " he said .
" It 's not the role of the Parliament and there are already frameworks in place for people who have made complaints .
" Many dissenters have said that and , I think , that 's a true statement . "
[ / caption ]
The main computer on the International Space Station failed early Sunday , and subsequent multiple computer anomalies prompted communication blackouts .
The one main computer has two backup systems , and NASA reported that the three command & control computers are switching between prime , backup and standby .
A software issue is suspected , and diagnosis continues .
The computer system is critical to all aspects of space station operation .
NASA reported that despite the computer issues , all ISS systems are performing normally and there are no concerns for the safety of the crew .
Bill Harwood at CBS
News reported that the station ’s command and control software was updated before the shuttle Endeavour ’s flight to account for the new Tranquility module and it ’s possible the computer failures , or transitions , are software related .
Issues with computers in Tranquility also have been noted , but it ’s not yet clear whether they are related to the command and control issues .
ISS Commander Jeff Williams called Mission Control at 9:55 a.m. EST “ and confirmed there had been a primary and backup failure of the command and control computer , ” said NASA TV commentator Pat Ryan .
At that time , all indications were that two of the three computers were healthy .
But then later , about 11 a.m. EST , there new data indicated there had been another computer transition , this time still with just two computers healthy .
Another transition occurred an hour later .
“ But we are still in a situation currently where all three computers are healthy but the team here in mission control is still scratching its head and trying to determine what ’s been causing the repeated transitions , ” Ryan said .
“ There has been no impact to station life support systems while this was going on and the crew is in good shape . ”
“ We ’re thinking we might need another day off , ” said Williams , apparently in good spirits .
“ Copy and concur , Jeff , ” replied Stan Love in Houston .
“ We are talking in the room , we still do not know what has been causing these transitions .
We are toying with the idea there might be something related to commanding .
But we are not sure , it ’s just speculation at this point . ”
Source : CBS News Space Place , NASA TV
NEW DELHI :
In a little - noticed fallout of the recent amendment to the Information Technology ( IT ) Act 2000 , the government has given up the power to block pornographic websites purely on the ground of obscenity .
Sites like Savita Bhabi , in other words , can no longer be banished from the virtual world merely because they do n't conform to a babu's subjective moral view .
Now , the courts alone can block such sites .
This is because Section 69A , which came into effect on October 27 , 2009 has raised the bar for the executive power to block porn websites .
The government can still block such websites , but only if they create a " public order " problem -- an unlikely probability .
Savita Bhabi , for instance , can hardly start a riot .
The change is thanks to a small but critical difference between Section 69A and the earlier version of Section 69 .
Under the old provision , the government could ban websites for " preventing incitement to the commission of any cognizable offence " including obscenity , a charge liable to be made out against porn websites .
But the new provision takes a more pragmatic approach as it limits the power to ban websites to offences relating to five specific grounds .
None of those five grounds specified in Section 69A -- sovereignty and integrity of India , defence of India , security of the state , friendly relations with foreign states and public order -- have anything to do with the offence of obscenity .
The intention of the lawmakers to keep the government away from moral policing of porn websites is also evident from the manner in which the grounds mentioned in Section 69A have been selectively lifted from Article 19 ( 2 ) of the Constitution , which imposes " reasonable restrictions " on the freedom of speech and expression .
Though Article 19 ( 2 ) allows restrictions in the interests of , among other grounds , " public order , decency or morality " , all that has been incorporated in Section 69A of the IT
Act from that expression is " public order " .
The implication is that the government can no longer block a porn website unless it has ramifications threatening public order .
This is a far cry from the pre-October 2009 situation when the government , in a controversial move , blocked access to savitabhabhi.com in June , merely on the basis of obscenity complaints .
The ban has , not surprisingly , proved to be meaningless as the website has since been relaunched with impunity from a foreign server under a different name , kirtu.com .
However , while making porn sites immune to executive interference , the amended IT law has enhanced the scope for judicial intervention .
In place of an omnibus provision that was there in the original IT Act to deal with all forms of obscenity on the Internet , there are now three provisions calibrating the penalty according to the nature and gravity of the offence .
First , Section 67 , on the lines of a corresponding provision in the IPC , imposes a maximum sentence of three years for publishing or transmitting obscene material in electronic form .
Second , Section 67A enhances the penalty to five years for material showing sexually explicit act or conduct .
Third , in the first ever provision dealing with pedophilia , Section 67B prescribes up to five years imprisonment for any form of child abuse in cyber space .
While proceedings against any of these offences related to obscenity are pending , the courts are empowered to pass interim orders directing that the offending material be removed or blocked .
Thus , the coercive power of blocking porn websites can now be exercised only by the judiciary .
Though these far - reaching changes to the IT law had been passed by Parliament in December 2008 , they were brought into force only in October 2009 as the government had to frame rules under some of the new provisions .
When the draft rules on the blocking of non-porn websites had been circulated last summer , TOI was the first to point out that they did not comply with the natural justice principle of a prior hearing to the affected party .
In the rules eventually notified in October , the government stipulated that the host of the site which is sought to be blocked would have to be given a prior hearing in all cases except " emergencies " .
QnA : Was the Indian government right in banning Savita Bhabhi ?
Audio :
Live feed of underlying pandemic map data
Wave 3 Start Signaled By H1N1 Increases in North Carolina
Recombinomics Commentary 08:30
February 05 , 2010
The latest data from the North Carolina website indicates the frequency of samples testing positive for H1N1 has risen to 25 % ( see Figure 2 ) from a low of 8 % in December .
The frequency has not been at 25 % since mid-November .
This clear upswing in H1N1 detection is consistent with recent comments on increases on college campuses in North Carolina and reports of more severe cases at UNC Medical Center at Chapel Hill .
This rise signals the start of wave three .
Flu levels in North Carolina have been a concern because of the fatal cluster at Duke Medical Center last October .
Tamiflu resistant H1N1 was transmitted patient to patient and at least 3 of the patients died .
Recently released sequences from North Carolina indicate five patients were Tamiflu resistant and had the rare HA marker of Y233H .
Moreover , 3 of the HA sequences had D225G or D225N , demonstrating transmission of the receptor binding domain changes strongly linked to fatal cases .
The presence of D225G / N in the Duke death cluster was not disclosed in a WHO report on the outbreak , or in subsequent reports on D225G by the ECDC or WHO .
In addition to these three cases , another isolate collected in the same time frame , but matching the sub-clade from Ukraine also had D225G , signaling significant levels of D225G in the area .
The increases in D225G / N in North Carolina has led to concerns that D225G / N will be more common in a third wave because of its linkage to a low reactor status designed by Mill Hill , as well as an increase infrequency of D225G / N reports , with highest frequencies being reported in Ukraine and Russia .
Moreover , last week ’s CDC report had a spike in Pneumonia and Influenza deaths to 8.2 % .
The upcoming week 4 report will have the rate at 8.1 % , confirming that the spike higher was not due to anomalies associate with holidays .
Moreover , the upcoming week 4 report will have 9 pediatric deaths , including 6 in California , once again raising concerns that the severity and lethality of recent H1N1 is higher in 2010 than 2009 .
Sequence data on H1N1 from area hospitals and recently detected cases in North Carolina would be useful .
The Free Art and Technology ( F.A.T . )
Lab is an organization dedicated to enriching the public domain through the research and development of technologies and media .
Release early , often and with rap music .
This is Notorious R&D .
The expressions published in this site are all in the public domain .
You may enjoy , use , modify , snipe about and republish all F.A.T. media and technologies as you see fit .
MIAMI — Now the fat ’s in the fire .
Jet coach Rex Ryan , who started the season by challenging Dolphins linebacker Channing Crowder to a fight , flipped off Miami fans at a mixed - martial - arts event he was attending in Sunrise , Fla. , over the weekend .
Ryan , in the Sunshine State for the Pro Bowl , was doing a ringside interview with a Showtime reporter piped through the arena .
Through a raucous chorus of boos , he delivered one of his bold predictions : “ I just want to tell everyone in Miami that we ’re coming to beat you twice next year . ”
That ’s something Ryan ’s Jets failed to do in 2009 .
They were beaten twice by the Dolphins .
Later , as the arena emptied , he raised the middle finger of his right hand at several Dolphins fans while wearing a big smirk on his face .
Yesterday , the larger than life coach , who is known to consume 7,000 calories a day , served himself a helping of crow .
“ It was stupid and inappropriate , ” Ryan said .
“ I would n’t accept that type of behavior from one of the coaches or players , and it ’s unacceptable from me .
I apologize to the Jets ’ organization , the National Football League and NFL fans everywhere . ”
Team General Manager Mike Tannenbaum said , “ Rex showed extremely poor judgment , and his conduct was inappropriate .
He knows he was wrong , has apologized and we have accepted his apology . ”
The NFL said it would “ look into ” the possibility of fining Ryan .
Tennessee Titans owner did the same thing to Buffalo Bills fans in November — and it cost him $ 250,000 .
David M. Hildenbrand , the Dolphin fan who took the picture — an instant Internet sensation — told The Post that Ryan “ was walking by us after the event and a couple buddies of mine said some things like , ‘ Dolphins rule , Jets suck . ’ ”
“ [ Ryan ] looked at us and said , ‘ Go f— yourselves , ’ and then he gave us the finger . ”
When Ryan flipped the bird to the group , a bunch of fans started shouting things at him like , “ Manning whupped you . ”
“ He was being a smart ass , ” Hildenbrand said .
“ That did n’t surprise me seeing the way he coaches and how he talks . ”
This is n’t the first time Ryan has verbally grappled with the Dolphins and their fans .
Last summer , during a Jets mini-camp , Ryan got into a row with Crowder that lasted days .
It began with Crowder responding to Ryan ’s bold talk during the off - season by saying that he ’s “ the OTA Super Bowl winner , ” referring to “ off - season team activities . ”
Ryan fired back : “ I do n’t know this Channing Crowder .
All I know is that he ’s all tatted up , so I guess I ought to be nervous about him . ”
He also said if he were younger , “ I ’d probably handle him myself . ”
Crowder ’s response : “ Oh , Lord have mercy .
What ’s wrong with him ?
I ’d have beat the hell out of that big , old joker . ”
Ryan has insisted the war of words was all in fun .
mark.cannizzaro@nypost.com
Located in Burnsville , Serving Minneapolis & Surrounding Areas
There are few experiences in life as emotional and as challenging as navigating a family law case .
Whether you are filing for divorce or fighting to establish your rights as a parent , you need the support of a trusted family lawyer .
At Burns Law Office , you will find a fierce yet compassionate advocate who can help you effectively resolve your legal issue .
Burns Law Office boasts an accomplished family law attorney with over 25 years of experience and reliable legal assistants who can facilitate your case .
Our founding attorney , John T. Burns Jr. , is recognized as a leading advocate for his clients at trial and in appellate courts .
He has extensive experience addressing the intense emotions that often accompany divorce , child custody , and other family law proceedings .
We help our clients cut through emotional barriers while focusing on what is truly important for them .
Our Burnsville divorce lawyer strives to help clients throughout the Minneapolis Metro Area and across Minnesota make rational , common - sense decisions during difficult times .
Burns Law Office is responsible , responsive , and well - respected , offering the client - focused and results - driven counsel your family needs to start the next chapter of your life on the right foot .
He relaxes by playing the harmonica ( he is in a band called the Capitol Offenses ) ; his rendition of “ Amazing Grace ” at a friend ’s funeral “ had everybody in tears , ” said Gov. James E. Doyle of Wisconsin .
His aides are fiercely loyal .
“ People around him put up with his peculiarities , ” said Scott Lilly , who spent nearly 30 years with Mr. Obey , “ because they really do like him . ”
In Congress , Mr. Obey has spent decades championing federal spending on health , education and social programs , an agenda rooted in his Catholic faith , which , he has said , demands that he try to “ make this an equal society for everybody . ”
A campaign poster of Franklin Roosevelt  “ my hero , ” he says  looks over his shoulder in his sun-streaked Capitol office , where a window offers testimony to his power : a view of the Washington monument .
“ The main thing for Obey is his longstanding commitment to the domestic policies that he cares about , especially when the competition for the money is a war he disagrees with , ” said David Canon , a professor of political science at the University of Wisconsin .
So at a time when Congress “ has been lectured ad nauseam ” about paying for a health care overhaul without raising the deficit , Mr. Obey says the same standard must be applied to the war .
He knows he will have difficulty getting his surtax passed ; Ms. Pelosi opposes it .
But he will have little trouble getting Democrats to scrutinize the president ’s war budget request .
“ His questions are very similar to those within our caucus :
Do we have credible partners in Afghanistan and Pakistan ?
What is the mission ?
What ’s the risk ? ” said Representative Rosa DeLauro , a Connecticut Democrat and member of the House leadership .
She sees the surtax as Mr. Obey ’s way of forcing the nation to think about “ shared sacrifice , ” adding , “ He ’s a smart , savvy legislator . ”
But Mr. Obey is also a loyal Democrat , which puts him in a ticklish position .
Before he proposed the surtax , he called Mr. Nabors to give the president a heads - up .
That resulted in the president ’s call .
Mr. Obey used the conversation to ask the president if he had seen a documentary by the public television journalist Bill Moyers featuring archival audiotapes of President Lyndon B. Johnson wrestling with escalating the Vietnam War .
“ It is stunning , ” he remembers telling Mr. Obama , “ to listen to Johnson talk to Dick Russell , the conservative old wise head in the Senate from Georgia  it is terrible , gut - wrenching to listen to them both say , ‘ Well , we know this is damn near a fool ’s errand , but we do n’t have any choice . ’ ”
The geek have officially inherited the Earth , as was prophesied in Psalms 37:7 ( more or less ) so many bearded men ago .
It ’s a fairly recent thing , having happened somewhere between Google ’s ascent to ubiquity , the second installment of the Lord of the Rings trilogy and the eyebrow - raising popularity of Weird Al ’s White & Nerdy .
And since history is told by the victor , I figured I should try rounding up the soundtrack to geeks ’ most epic of victories .
Which is a surprisingly monumental task , mostly because I ’m realizing that there are so many subgenres to geek music .
In researching this list , I came up with a few categories for Geek Anthems : Mainstream Geek Jams , Geek Metal , Nerdcore Rap , Video Game Themes and Meme Songs .
( Hip Hop ’s geekery - masked - as - hardcore is a whole different post .
At the end of the day , who ’s really made geekiness more legit than the Wu Tang Clan ? )
Now for the second challenge - how to quantify what makes one geek anthem better than the next .
Popularity ?
Geekiness of lyrics ?
Hardcoreness of dorkitude ?
Sheer bombastic nerdery ?
Nostalgia factor ?
I did my best .
I ’m sure I ’ll hear some flack over my choices , what I forgot ( let me know ) and the order - but the title says Top Ten , and so shall I attempt it .
Because the choice was so hard , I have a whole section at the bottom full of geek anthems that should ’ve been Top Ten .
10 . Ramble On – Led Zeppelin
You ’re listening to one of the greatest songs by the best band of all time , maybe for the first time , maybe for the five hundredth .
You ’re vaguely aware that it ’s about wandering around , that it involves a girl , and that it ’s as mind - blowingly brilliant as everything from the factory of Led .
But this time you decide to actually pay attention to the lyrics .
And you ’re about 3/4ths through the songs when it hits .
Mordor ?
Gollum ?
Evil one ?
This whole song takes place in Middle fucking Earth ?!?
I ’ve seen the resulting grin at least three times , usually while driving around with a buddy .
And it ’s always ear to ear .
Geekgasmic .
9 . The Neverending Story Theme
So many of us second - wave geeks can trace our choice to go geek right back to this moment .
Its 1984 , we ’ve spent the last six years caught up in Star Wars euphoria , the NES is right around the corner , and this movie / song drops .
Reading would n’t be this cool to kids again for twenty - odd years , until a certain bespectacled wizard showed up on the scene .
But for this formative moment in so many of our lives , being geeky meant getting to ride huge schnauzer - snouted dragons , chasing douchebags into dumpsters , and skipping school to hang out in creepy attics instead .
What choice was there , really ?
8. MC Frontalot ’s Entire Ouevre
The man who basically birthed and nurtured Nerdcore Rap , MC Frontalot is as geek god as they get .
I ’ve had the distinct pleasure of hanging out with Damian on a couple of occasions , and the guy is as legit as he is resoundingly sweet .
If you ’re not familiar with the man or his work , I ’d suggest our buddy Negin Farsad ’s incredible documentary Nerdcore Rising .
It ’ll give you the what , why and how of Frontalot ’s position at the front of the geek elite .
Lead those troops to victory , Damian .
7. Grow Up – Random
In a just world where MCs were judged solely by their skills , Random would sit on top of the heap .
I ’m blown away by everything Raheem does , because whatever he touches turns sublime .
However , this song captures 21st Century Geekitude better than just about any other .
“ I just ca n’t seem to grow up /
But you know what ? / I do n’t think I want to . ”
The fact that it ’s backed by a beat from Mega Man 2 and is an autobiographical geek Bildungsroman is just icing on the nerdtastic cake .
6 . Through the Fire and the Flames
The retconned soundtrack to absolutely every epic fantasy battle , whether in book , movie , or in your friendly neighborhood D&D campaign .
Nothing tops this song in terms of heroic bombast - the next time you have to do battle against a horde of orcs , you know exactly what you ’re blasting from that boombox on your ( plate - mailed ) shoulder .
If any single song has become the ( fantasy ) geek rallying cry , this is the one .
Geeks became aware of it gradually around its release , and then Guitar Hero shot it to geek stardom as it became the ultimate Boss Fight of 2007 .
Personally , I wo n’t be happy until people re-edit every fantasy movie trailer to include it , like this .
I ’m also hoping HBO ’s ‘ Song of Ice and Fire ’ adapted series considers it for their theme song .
Make me proud , George RR Martin .
5 . The Legend of Zelda Theme
Did Koji Kondo have any idea of what he was unleashing on the world in 1986 ?
A song that would be imitated , covered and worshipped by geeks until the end of time ?
The most epic song that could be cranked out of an 8 - bit system ?
This is the theme song to so many geeks ’ lives ( and / or their ring tone of choice ) - its place in the history books is more than secure .
And damn it makes for a thousand sweet electric guitar solos on YouTube .
4. White & Nerdy / Dare to Be Stupid – Weird Al
The undisputed king of geek music - I could get away with putting 5 - 9 of his songs on this list .
Whether you consider White & Nerdy or Dare to Be Stupid the anthem is almost purely a generational thing .
( I refrained from going super hardcore and putting Mellow When I ’m Dead instead . )
Either way , they ’re huge , they ’re catchy as all hell , and they attract tons of weird looks when you belt them in the supermarket aisles .
And to add to its geek pedigree , Dare to Be Stupid was in the original Transformers : the Movie soundtrack .
Ba weep grana weep nini bong !
3. Meganerd – YTCracker
Were I to base this list only on geekiness , and discount popularity , this would be my # 1 song - no contest .
The beats , flow and artistry are all top notch , but it ’s the lyrics that get top honors .
hacking on computers disassembling stuff
paid off in the end now who got it rough
the beauty of the baud and the world of the switch
make a new generation of us geekstas rich
we owned those that made fun of us tried to make a run at us
beat us up in class said yea theres a ton of us
whos laughing now cuz most of us your bosses
the rest of you are flipping burgers smelling secret sauces this is the life of a meganerd baby
we doing things and we making it happen right
from the trash 80 to a black mercedes
no one can stop us now cuz we keeping nerdy nice
this is the life of a meganerd baby
we doing things and we making it happen right
from the trash 80 to a black mercedes
no one can stop us now cuz we keeping nerdy nice
[ Nab the rest of the lyrics here . ]
It is to geeks what Dre ’s “ Nuthing But a G - Thang ” was to West Coast 90s gangstas .
Defining .
2 . In the Garage – Weezer
It ’s tenth grade and I ’m riding around suburban Maryland with my bro and mom .
We ’ve just popped Weezer ’s first album into the CD walkman that ’s wired to our minivan ’s tape player .
We ’re trading air guitar solos to “ Say It Ain’t So ” .
And then this song drops , and suddenly I hear “ Kitty Pride ” and “ Nightcrawler ” coming out of the speakers - and Rivers Cuomo pretty much sums up my brother and I ’s lives in rhyme .
I knew immediately that this was The Geek Anthem .
It was a coming out song , basically .
And while most argue that Buddy Holly and Pinkerton cemented Weezer ’s longevity , I humbly posit that it was In the Garage , and the generation of geeks it represented .
1. The Touch – Stan Bush
I hope to God that some smart Hollywood exec realizes how much money they ’d make if they re-released the original Transformers movie to theaters .
Maybe even in 3D .
If this ever happened , I have to imagine that this song would cause the theaters to spontaneously combust out of sheer win factor , or at least cause communal heart attacks and rigor mortis smiles all over the world .
This is one for the ages .
What did I miss ?
So many great geek anthems lost to the power of 10 .
The ones I wish could ’ve made it :
Still Alive ( Portal ’s theme song )
Nightfall by Blind Guardian
Super Mario Bros
Theme Song ( a toss - up between this one and Zelda )
Final Fantasy Theme Song
Mr. Roboto – Styx
Teenage Dirtbag – Wheatus
And this song you might not be aware of - Level Up by Zealous1
So what did I miss , and what horrible / amazing choices did I make ?
After an exciting CS15 - lympics , we 're glad to see you return for the CS16 - lympics !
This year , we 're expecting many more algorithms and data structures with just as much of the object - oriented programming we 've grown to love .
Pre-Requisites :
If you did not take CS15 , contact the professors to explore the possibility of a special arrangement .
The following background is assumed : programming experience in Java , knowledge of basic binary arithmetic and elementary properties of polynomials , logarithms , and exponentials .
How much history can one Presidency take ?
Looks like we may find out .
Last night ’s 219-212 vote for health care reform inevitably casts President Obama in a new historical light ( do n’t believe me ?
take a look at the nation ’s front pages ) and it ’s hard to imagine that it wo n’t impact the rest of his presidency in a positive way ; he put his entire presidency where his campaign promise was and won .
One suspects it ’s a whole new ballgame from here one out .
That said , this is the first major piece of legislation in “ modern times ‘ ever to be passed with zero votes from across the aisle .
Meanwhile , David Axelrod put the whole thing in relative perspective for a nation now accustomed really big moments : this was the biggest yet .
“ As sublime as election night was , it was n’t particularly meaningful , other than that it gave us the opportunity to do meaningful things .
So , to me , this was a much more — in some ways — impactful thing than election night , because I know — and I speak now as a parent of a child with chronic illness —
I know that the lives of million and millions of Americans will be more secure because of what we did .
And that gives the election meaning .
We shall see .
Election night also gave the country a moment to stand together , I think it ’s fair to say the same did not happen here .
Axelrod also told Politico that one of the reasons there “ was such a frantic push at the end from the other side was that they knew that if it passed , everyone would know the truth . ”
The question now is will people discover they ’re happy about it before this November ?
Have a tip we should know ?
[ email protected ]
Tony Blair denied striking a ' covert ' deal with President Bush
The leader of Plaid Cymru's MPs has said he has a memo showing Tony Blair and George Bush struck a secret deal to invade Iraq a year before the 2003 war .
Elfyn Llwyd told the BBC's Straight Talk he had written to Iraq Inquiry chair Sir John Chilcot to say he would be prepared to hand the document over .
He said the memo , which is marked " Top Secret and Confidential " contradicted statements made by Mr Blair .
Mr Blair previously told the inquiry he made no " covert " deal with Mr Bush .
Mr Llwyd , who in 2004 launched a campaign to impeach the then prime minister for misleading Parliament over the war , said he could not be specific about what was in the memo , which he " believed " was American in origin .
" I 've not shown it to anybody to try , because I , frankly , I did n't want to be in any position where I was accused of undermining anything that was going on at the time , " he told interviewer Andrew Neil .
' Smoking gun '
He said the contents of the memo were " in direct contradiction of many , many statements by the ex-prime minister in the House of Commons , including several questions he answered to me " .
Asked if he believed it could be the " smoking gun " that anti-war campaigners have been looking for , he said : " It could be " .
He said the memo had " become somewhat historical " but it was relevant to the Chilcot inquiry , which was why he had written to the Iraq inquiry chairman .
Mr Llwyd added he was ready to disclose " everything he knew " to Sir John and his committee .
He told interviewer Andrew Neil that whether the inquiry quizzed him in public or private was " up to them " and he was now waiting for a reply from Sir John .
' Open position ' Witnesses to the Chilcot inquiry have suggested Mr Blair told Mr Bush at their April 2002 meeting at the ranch in Crawford , Texas , that the UK would join the Americans in a war with Iraq .
But when he appeared before the committee last week , Mr Blair said there had never been any secret about what the two men discussed in private - that Saddam Hussein had to be dealt with and " the method of doing that is open " .
He told the panel : " What I was saying - I was not saying this privately incidentally , I was saying it in public - was 'we are going to be with you in confronting and dealing with this threat ' .
" The one thing I was not doing was dissembling in that position .
How we proceed in this is a matter that was open .
The position was not a covert position , it was an open position . "
Pressed on what he thought Mr Bush took from the meeting , he went further , saying : " I think what he took from that was exactly what he should have taken , which was if it came to military action because there was no way of dealing with this diplomatically , we would be with him . "
Watch the full interview with Elfyn Llwyd on the BBC News Channel on Saturday at 0430 GMT and 2230GMT and on Sunday at 0130 GMT and 2230 GMT .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It ’s about time we saw a keyboard which has inbuilt features to support commonly used Internet Acronyms such as lol , FYI , ASAP etc. and around 9 more of these .
You can also switch to alphabetical ( A - Z ) or standard ( QWERTY ) key layouts with the press of a button .
The 12 acronyms which can be used via the function keys are – ASAP , BRB , BTW , CYA , FYI , HOAS , HRU , IMO , LBR , LOL , THX , TTLY .
After going through the 12 internet acronyms , it might afterall have some use for myspace and facebook addicts but not so much for youtubers or gaming chatrooms .
According to the Fast finger keyboard description on their official website
For years you struggled with a confusing keyboard layout that goes against your typing style .
With the ability to toggle to alphabetical ( A - Z ) or standard ( QWERTY ) key layouts , you can type comfortably while sharing use with other people who are accustomed to the standard ( QWERTY ) key layout .
Which struggle are they talking about ?
( WSATTA )
Maybe they are referring to those people who type with their index fingers .
If you are interested in buying the Fast Finger Keyboard follow this link
Secret Service Computers Only Work at 60 Percent Capacity ; Agency Uses 1980s Mainframe
The system is " fragile " and cannot sustain tempo of operational missions .
WASHINGTON , Feb. 26 , 2010  --
A classified review of the United States Secret Service 's computer technology found that the agency 's computers were fully operational only 60 percent of the time because of outdated systems and a reliance on a computer mainframe that dates to the 1980s , according to Sen .
Joe Lieberman , I - Conn .
" We have here a premiere law enforcement organization in our country which is responsible for the security of the president and the vice president and other officials of our government , and they have to have better IT than they have , " said Lieberman , who is chairman of the Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee .
Sources tell ABC News that the Secret Service was so plagued by computer problems that the agency invited the National Security Agency to formally review its information technology systems .
The Secret Service 's databases are outdated and users are at times unable to conduct searches from one system to another .
Lieberman says he's had " concern for a while " about the Secret Service computers .
A 60 percent , fully operational average is far worse than " industry and government standards that are around 98 percent generally , " Lieberman said .
Asked about the review and the NSA review of Secret Service systems , service spokesman Malcolm Wiley said , " At our request , NSA performed an independent evaluation of our existing IT network to determine if any deficiencies or potential vulnerabilities existed .
... Results of the review suggested we needed enhancements to ensure that our systems remained sound .
A number of the recommended changes have already been implemented . "
According to officials at the time of the review , the unofficial cost estimate to update the system was $ 187 million .
The Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) , which oversees the Secret Service , has so far allocated $ 33 million , and requested $ 69 million in the department 's most recent budget request .
The DHS budget justification for 2011 noted , " The Secret Service data environment is fragile and cannot sustain the tempo of current or future operational missions .
The existing hardware infrastructure is more than 5 years old and is prone to failures . "
The service says that its protective details have not been impacted by any issues with their computer systems .
They note that the agency is responsible for protective detail as well as a vast array of electronic crimes , such as banking and financial fraud issues and cyber - security issues .
The recent scrutiny the agency faced after three individuals were able to attend a state dinner without being invited , were not attributable to any computer deficiencies at the Secret Service , according to officials .
" The systems that impact our protective responsibilities are constantly monitored and potential problems are immediately addressed , " Malcolm said .
A Secret Service contracting memo from Oct. 16 , 2009 , reviewed by ABC News found , " Currently , 42 mission - oriented applications run on a 1980s IBM mainframe with a 68 percent performance reliability rating .
Networks , data systems , applications , and IT security do not meet current operational requirements .
The IT systems lack appropriate bandwidth to run multiple applications to effectively support USSS offices and operational missions around the world . "
" We have managed our aged IT infrastructure well past its intended capability .
We now have a get - well plan to resolve our IT needs and requirements , " Malcom said .
This is not the first time that drastically out of date computer systems have been discovered in federal agencies .
The FBI revealed it suffered from major computer problems following the scrutiny the bureau received after the 9/11 attacks .
The bureau 's most embarrassing computer problem came in 2005 when the FBI had to scrap the $ 170 million Virtual Case File program , which was designed to help agents track cases electronically .
Since then , the FBI has been setting up a new $ 451 million project called Sentinel , which will allow agents to use a Web - based system to incorporate the FBI 's old existing files .
While the Justice Department inspector general has expressed some concerns that the program runs slowly for users and some cost overruns , it is scheduled to be completed later this year .
Asked why DHS was requesting less money than the initial estimate of $ 187 million , DHS Secretary Janet Napolitano said , " Part of it is an assessment of how much it would actually cost and also what can be purchased and what is needed on a priority basis . "
Your team is mired in a 8 game losing streak .
You 're the captain .
In a tie game you hustle back to make sure that a 3 - 2 becomes a 3 - 3 and then ...
Watch # 17 closely on this video clip .
Pause it at the 4 second mark and you can see three Thrashers skating back hard ( including # 17 ) .
Pause it at the 5 second mark and you can see just two Thrashers skating back hard ( not including # 17 ) .
Pause it at the 9 second mark and you can see that Kovalchuk chooses not to body check or even bother pressuring the puck carrier , but curls away from the play and completely disappears from the picture !!!
This creates a 2 on 1 down low for Kubina who steps up on the puck carrier leaving a surprised Enstrom who is n't sure if he should rotate to the side of the crease or defend the man in the slot .
Indecision leads to a wide open Jordan Staal who scores to break a 1 - 1 tie .
Now watch the clip of the Letang Goal that gave Pittsburgh a 1 - 0 lead .
In this case the puck carrier tried to carry it past Ilya on the boards -- and this Kovalchuk did check the guy -- slightly better .
But look at what Ilya does right after the body check .
The Penguins still retain possession of the puck .
Kovalchuk curls towards the boards so he is open to break out down the ice .
Every smart player knows that when your opponent has they puck you should put your stick and body between your man the net -- yet Ilya does exactly the opposite .
Instead , he habitually curls away from the puck when the other team has possession and fails to help his club win possession back .
He does the minimum and just hopes another Thrasher will win the puck and pass it to him as he waits on along the boards .
And that my friends is exactly why I would never offer Ilya Kovalchuk $ 10 - 11 million per year to re-sign .
Don Waddell ought to email these " highlights " clip to Jay Grossman .
Defense is half of the hockey game .
In a critical moment you can't count on Ilya Kovalchuk to do the minimum inside his own blueline .
These are the little mistakes that will kill a team in a hard fought seven game playoff series .
Last night was an important game for the Thrashers season .
Ilya Kovalchuk did n't score , but he certainly helped Pittsburgh win the game .
This is nothing new , it has been happening for years in Atlanta .
If Kovalchuk played in Toronto , Calgary or Montreal the press would rip him to shreds for this stuff .
And his agent wants him to become the highest paid player in hockey ?
Good grief .
He 's a great scorer who plays lousy defense -- and he should be paid accordingly .
The Utah House of Representatives recently enacted a law that would enable the state to seize federal land using its power of eminent domain ( see also this shorter account ) [ HT : Edward Lopez ] :
Long frustrated by Washington ’s control over much of their state , Utah legislators are proposing a novel way to deal with federal land — seize it and develop it .
The Utah House of Representatives last week passed a bill allowing the state to use eminent domain to take land the federal government owns and has long protected from development .
The state wants to develop three hotly contested areas — national forest land in the Wasatch Mountains north of Salt Lake City , land in a proposed wilderness area in the red rock southwestern corner of the state , and a stretch of desert outside of Arches National Park that the Obama administration has declared off - limits to oil and gas development .
Supporters argue that provisions in the legislation that granted Utah statehood allow it to make such a land grab .
They also hope to spark a showdown in the Supreme Court that would rearrange the balance of power between states and the federal government .
Some legal experts say the effort is unlikely to succeed , but Republican state Rep. Chris Herrod , one of the authors of the bill , said the state had little choice .
“ I love America , and I ’m a peaceful guy , ” Herrod said , “ but the only real option we have is rebellion , which I do n’t believe in , and the courts . ”
The eminent domain proposal is among the most audacious yet in a state accustomed to heated battles over the two - thirds of its land owned by the federal government .
I can understand westerners ’ frustration with federal control of so much of the land in their states .
In my view , much of that federal land should be privatized or transferred to state and local governments .
However , the use of eminent domain is unlikely to be a good way to address the problem .
Utah Power & Light Co. v. United States , a 1917 Supreme Court decision , ruled that the states cannot use eminent domain or other powers to dispose of federally owned land except in so far as Congress permits them to do so .
I think that decision was probably correct .
As the Court pointed out , Article IV , Section 3 , Clause 2 of the Constitution gives Congress the power to “ dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting ’ the lands of the United States . ”
This congressional authority supersedes any contrary state law because of the Supremacy Clause of Article VI .
Thus , a federal law assigning federally owned land to a particular purpose such as a National Park supersedes any state law that seeks to take the land and use it for other purposes .
At least some of the Utah bill ’s backers are aware of the Supreme Court ’s position , and they hope to use the new law to generate litigation that will get the Court to reverse it .
I ’m not opposed to states ’ enacting laws they know to be contrary to current Supreme Court doctrine for the purpose of creating test cases .
Sometimes , that ’s the best way to get erroneous precedents reversed .
I doubt , however , either that the precedent in this field is wrong , or that the Court is likely to reverse it any time soon .
Even if states do get the power to take federal land by eminent domain , that may not solve their problems .
The federal government could presumably use its own eminent domain authority to take the land back .
The result could be a vicious cycle of back and forth condemnations .
Oops .. 404 Error
It seems the page you were trying to find on my site is n't around anymore ( or at least around here ) .
Report it missing using my contact form and I 'll see what I can do about it .
Whilst you are here why not use the resources below ?
You never know , you may just find what you were looking for .
Categories Select category Tech News Android Tablets Laptops Apple Windows Mobiles Software Windows Phone Rooting Games
Monthly archives Select Month April 2017 ( 1 ) July 2016 ( 1 ) March 2016 ( 2 ) October 2015 ( 1 ) July 2015 ( 1 ) February 2015 ( 1 ) January 2015 ( 1 ) May 2014 ( 1 ) April 2013 ( 1 ) January 2013 ( 1 ) August 2012 ( 1 ) July 2012 ( 3 ) June 2012 ( 15 ) May 2012 ( 17 ) April 2012 ( 3 ) March 2012 ( 1 ) February 2012 ( 1 ) January 2012 ( 4 )
Tag cloud
by ·
The aloe vera plant is amazing , having many healing properties to it .
The leaves of the plant are where you will find the yellow - colored liquid that can work wonders .
You may already know that aloe vera gel can be very beneficial to the skin , helping with sunburn , insect bites , rashes , cuts , and the like .
The reason is because aloe vera is an anti-fungal as well as an anti-bacterial .
It also helps with the regeneration of cells .
So the application of aloe vera gel to the skin can greatly benefit common skin ailments and help in the healing process .
But maybe you did n’t know that aloe vera comes in other forms , which also have their own set of benefits .
Let ’s take aloe vera juice .
Here is a short list of what this very healthy juice can do for you .
HEALTH BENEFITS OF ALOE VERA JUICE
Aids in the elimination of constipation .
Aids in digestion and helps with stomachaches and heartburn .
Helps to regulate blood sugars .
Detoxifies the body and colon .
Helps with weight loss by increasing metabolic rate to burn more calories .
Improves circulation .
Aids in healing damage to internal tissues .
Regulates blood pressure .
Strengthens immune system .
Retards the growth of cancerous tumors .
Helps to reduce inflammation .
Side Effects of Drinking Aloe Vera Juice
It is recommended that you drink no more than two to four ounces a day of Aloe Vera Juice .
That is the required amount for maintaining health and is all you need .
If you take more , you can experience side effects , such as liver dysfunction , nausea and allergic reactions .
But if you adhere to the recommended amount per day , you will see the wonderful benefits of this amazing plant .
Aloe vera is also available in supplements , such as tablets and capsules .
This is a very quick and easy way to get the beneficial effects of aloe vera into your system .
If you lead a busy lifestyle and do not have the time to drink aloe vera juice , taking the recommended dose in tablet or capsule form will probably work out very well for you .
Your local health food store will most likely carry aloe vera in its different forms .
The health benefits of aloe vera are many , and this amazing plant can help you not just on the outside by aiding your skin , but on the inside as well .
Be certain to keep some aloe vera gel always on hand for skin ailments , especially if you have children .
And aloe vera juice or supplements are a great way to help your body internally .
You may even want to do some research online or purchase a book or two about aloe vera to learn more about this miracle plant .
The personnel at your local health food store probably also have a wealth of information on the aloe vera plant .
Aloe vera is truly amazing .
Introduce the wonderful benefits of this plant into your life and you will see what it can do for you .
Photo by Powerhouse Museum
Comments
I 'm not real good at ranting .
I wish I was because this is the time for it .
Maybe if Glenn Beck was standing in front of me , it would be easier , but he is n't .
So , as you read this , I want you to picture an angry , upset , probably crying ( because I always do that when I 'm mad ) , short , white woman with dark hair , blue eyes and glasses .
I normally have two kids hanging around , blonde hair , blue - eyed and tall .
One 11 and one 14 .
Imagine them standing by my side .
My husband probably wo n't want to hang around for this - he 's active duty and tries to stay away from confrontational topics and I try to make that easy for him .
Let 's imagine he 's at work .
So , got all that in your head ?
Read on .
Glenn Beck plans on wrapping himself in the glow of military honor .
Imagine Beck on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial this coming August 28 - on the anniversary of Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr's famous words , I Have A Dream .
He stands side by side our soldiers , marines , sailors , and airmen .
And he says , " America has lost it 's honor but through the hard work and courage of these young men , we can find honor again .
Our military can root out the evil of progressivism because at their core , our soldiers are conservatives through and through ! "
Can you see Old Glory draped about his shoulders ?
Can you hear the crowd roar with approval ?
Do you see the television cameras ?
The microphones ?
Where are you ?
Watching from the foot of the steps ?
Watching from a distance at the Washington Monument ?
Or staring at a TV screen wondering how on earth this happened ?
Glenn Beck preaches hate speech on a daily basis .
If you doubt this , remember his latest speech at CPAC ,
Progressivism is the cancer in America and it is eating our Constitution .
And it was designed to eat the Constitution ...
It must be cut out of the system because they can not co-exist .
And you do n't cure cancer by - well , I 'm just going to give you a little bit of cancer .
You must eradicate it .
Where did the progressives go ; where did they come from ?
All of a sudden , I 'm not a liberal , I 'm a progressive ...
Every time they wake America up to their policies , they have to change their names ... They 're running out of names .
Although Beck claims his event , his extravaganza , will be non-partisan , I doubt that it will be non-controversial .
He will preach the eradication of progressivism , and perhaps even progressives , from the Lincoln Memorial .
And he will use the military to help make his argument .
Lincoln had his own experience with progressives .
Progressives rid this nation of slavery .
Abraham Lincoln will turn in his grave when he sees this event divide the nation even further .
You see , I 'm speaking of this event as if it will happen .
Because it will .
Unless people like you and me do something to prevent it .
You think this is n't possible - but as a military wife , I know that all things are possible .
I 've watched my husband return from war .
If that can happen , then I can stop Glenn Beck .
But I need your help .
No soldier works alone .
Neither do Daily Kos activists .
Glenn Beck has made a fatal flaw .
He has chosen an unconventional fundraising method that may be his undoing .
Special Operations Warrior Command is a non-profit that " provides full scholarship grants and educational and family counseling to the surviving children of special operations personnel who die in operational or training missions and immediate financial assistance to severely wounded special operations personnel and their families . "
They are a worthy organization that has received a four star rating from Charity Navigator .
Glenn
Beck is using this non-profit to raise funds to pay for his rally .
All donations will be 100 % tax free .
Conservatives are loving this .
A fellow Kossack and former charity auditor agrees that there is reason to be concerned with this type of fundraising .
This may sound like small potatoes to those of you unfamiliar with the story .
Beck believes this event will cost $ 2 million dollars to fund .
He will provide the first million .
He expects the charity to provide the remainder .
He will promote the charity on his shows , and they will receive the donations .
The great Beck has told them they can keep everything over $ 1 million .
This charity spends perhaps 4 to 5 million dollars a year - this type of fundraising is a huge percentage of their annual budget .
Since the funds are being spent on a non-charitable cause , this could mess up their non-profit status .
Worse yet , fundraising should not benefit a private individual .
It is hard to argue that this event wo n't benefit Glenn Beck .
A few of us here at DailyKos have been working to convince Special Ops that partnering with Glenn Beck is a poor way to gain national recognition .
My second diary on this topic makes the case for this .
Although the charity is run by a Board of Directors that is heavily Republican , the charity itself should not be used to promote Glenn Beck or his reactionary rhetoric .
We are making inroads - the public relations director is now hanging up on folks .
But the partnership still exists .
If you would like to help prevent Glenn Beck from wearing a military badge of honor , then step up to volunteer .
UPDATED ACTION - Call Special Operations Warrior Foundation , 813-805-9400 , and ask for Edie Rosenthal , the Public Relations Director .
Let her know what you think .
Edie is no longer taking phone calls ; they 've called in the professionals to start helping ... keep the calls rolling !
Well , Edie is answering the lines again , and so are some others .
Go ahead and ask for Edie .
Or , ask for General Stiner or Colonel Carney , if you 're up to it .
ACTION - Email Special Operations Warrior Foundation .
Let them know what you think .
You can address your emails to :
Carl W. Stiner , Chairman
General , USA ( Ret . )
2nd Commander - in - Chief , U.S. Special Operations Command John T. Carney , Jr. , President
Colonel , USAF ( Ret . )
Former Commander , 720th Special Tactics Group
UPDATED ACTION - write a letter to the editor of the Tampa Tribune .
You could just send a copy of your email slightly edited .
They have a 150 word limit .
The more letters they receive , the more likely a couple of them will get printed .
And to the St. Petersburg Times .
Their guidelines : Because of space limitations , letters should be of reasonable length ( 250 -300 words maximum , as a rule ) .
Letters may be edited for clarity , taste and length .
All letters must contain the writer 's name , address and telephone number .
( Addresses and telephone numbers will not be printed . )
UPDATED ACTION - for Florida Residents - file an online complaint with the Florida Attorney General .
You will need to call the charity first and complain .
Remember the name of the person you spoke to .
Send this information to the AG .
You will also need to know their address , including Hillsborough County :
Special Operations Warrior Foundation Mailing Address :
P.O. Box 13483 , Tampa , FL 33681-3483 Physical Location : 4409 El Prado Blvd , Tampa , FL 33629 Phone Numbers :
( 813 ) 805-9400
( 813 ) 805-0640
( 813 ) 839-4059 Toll Free : ( 877 ) 337-7693 Fax : ( 813 ) 805-0567 Tax ID #52-1183585
UPDATED ACTION : Attorneys General in other states ; before contacting , please call Special Ops first .
Most of these forms require you to have contacted the charity and ask with whom you spoke .
Also , if any of these links do n't work , please let me know .
I 'm bound to have made at least one mistake .
ACTION - Spread the word .
Facebook , Twitter , Email ... it 's the best way to grow a campaign .
Do you have a suggestion for the name of our Facebook page ?
Please leave in comments !
And have no doubt , this is a campaign .
Help me figure out the next steps .
Kossacks have made suggestions in past diaries ( Part 1 , rescued , Part 2 , Part 3 ) and I keep incorporating them .
I can't tell you how much it bothers me that Glenn Beck will blatantly take advantage of our military , and that some will so blindly go along .
Please help me stop this .
Remember the beginning of this diary - see that picture of me and my family in your head ?
We need your help .
PRIDE * HONOR * SACRIFICE * DEDICATION * STRENGTH *
STATUS UPDATE - From Blue Armadillo ,
seems they have a new person to take the calls - much smoother that the poor woman that was taking them earlier .
The man I spoke with was " Mike " .
I aked why this fine charity would choose to be affiliated with Glenn Beck - his response : " I dont know that I would use that word .
We are simply benefitting from the fundraising that Glenn Beck is doing " I asked about being associated with such a divisive and politically partisan personality as Beck .
His response : " Anybody in the talk show business is partisan - that 's what they do . "
I asked why a military veteran 's charity would be associated with so much hate speech .
His response : " One measure of ' free speech ' is the freedom to have offensive speech . "
WTF ?
So they are OK with being associated ( remember , they 're not sure " affiliated " is the right word .... ) with a personality who regularly engages in what many would consider hate speech .
It appears so .
I asked if he was familiar with Beck .
Yes , he is .
I asked if he'd like me to read from the facebook page Restore Honor :
At the Steps of the Lincoln Memorial - he declined .
I told him that was what his charity would be associating with .
His reply : " It will attract lots of different people " He said we need to write letters ( " They will all be read " to the " higher powers " that make the decisions .
angelajean has them posted in the diary - the president and CEO of the charity .
They do not mind being associated with hate monger Glenn Beck .
They do not mind letting Beck use their good name to wrap himself in the American flag and bask in the reflected glow of the heroism of others .
Truly , I am disgusted now .
They are doing this with their eys wide open it seems .
I am horrified .
PLEASE KEEP CALLING AND SENDING EMAILS -
We are making a difference !
By Roger Harrabin
BBC environment analyst
The new study used data from tree rings and ice cores
The most alarming forecasts of natural systems amplifying the human - induced greenhouse effect may be too high , according to a new report .
The study in Nature confirms that as the planet warms , oceans and forests will absorb proportionally less CO2 .
It says this will increase the effects of man-made warming - but much less than recent research has suggested .
The authors warn , though , that their research will not reduce projections of future temperature rises .
Further , they say their concern about man-made climate change remains high .
The research , from a team of scientists in Switzerland and Germany , attempts to settle one of the great debates in climate science about exactly how the Earth 's natural carbon cycle will exacerbate any man-made warming .
Positive , negative Some climate sceptics have argued that a warmer world will increase the land available for vegetation , which will in turn absorb CO2 and temper further warming .
This is known as a negative feedback loop - the Earth acting to keep itself in balance .
But the Nature research concludes that any negative feedback will be swamped by positive feedback in which extra CO2 is released from the oceans and from already - forested areas .
The oceans are the world 's great store of CO2 , but the warmer they become , the less CO2 they can absorb .
And forests dried out by increased temperatures tend to decay and release CO2 from their trees and soils .
Commenting in Nature on the new research , Hugues Goosse from the Université Catholique de Louvain in Belgium said : " In a warmer climate , we should not expect pleasant surprises in the form of more efficient uptake of carbon by oceans and land that would limit the amplitude of future climate change " .
I do n't think they can rule out that the positive feedback from the carbon cycle could become stronger in a significantly warmer climate
Tim Lenton
University of East Anglia
The IPCC 's fourth assessment report had a broad range of estimates as to how far natural systems would contribute to a spiral of warming .
The Nature paper narrows that range to the lower end of previous estimates .
The report 's lead author , David Frank from the Swiss Federal Institute for Forest , Snow and Landscape Research , told BBC News that many of the calculations for the IPCC assessment report did not include an integrated carbon cycle .
He said that if the results his paper were widely accepted , the overall effect on climate projections would be neutral .
" It might lead to a downward mean revision of those ( climate ) models which already include the carbon cycle , but an upward revision in those which do not include the carbon cycle .
" That 'll probably even itself out to signify no real change in the temperature projections overall , " he said .
' Comforting '
The team 's calculations are based on a probabilistic analysis of climate variation between the years 1050 and 1800 - that is , before the Industrial Revolution introduced fossil carbon into the atmosphere .
Using 200,000 data points , the study - believed by Nature to be the most comprehensive of its kind so far - compared the Antarctic ice core record of trapped CO2 bubbles with so - called proxy data like tree rings , which are used to estimate temperature changes .
The most likely value among their estimates suggests that for every degree Celsius of warming , natural ecosystems tend to release an extra 7.7 parts per million of CO2 to the atmosphere ( the full range of their estimate was between 1.7 and 21.4 parts per million ) .
The oceans ' ability to absorb CO2 figures strongly into the debate
This stands in sharp contrast to the recent estimates of positive feedback models , which suggest a release of 40 parts per million per degree ; the team say with 95 % certainty that value is an overestimate .
" This is a valuable paper that helps to constrain certain feedback components for the past , " said John Schellnhuber , director of the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research .
" However , it is probably not suited for extrapolation into the future and it does not cover the really interesting processes like anthropogenic activation of permafrost carbon or methane clathrates . "
The paper will surely not be the last word in this difficult area of research , with multiple uncertainties over data sources .
" I think that the magnitude of the warming amplification given by the carbon cycle is a live issue that will not suddenly be sorted by another paper trying to fit to palaeo - data , " Professor Brian Hoskins , a climate expert from Imperial College London , told BBC News .
Another crucial issue is the degree to which past trends will line up with potentially very different future scenarios .
Professor Tim Lenton from the University of East Anglia said : " It looks intriguing and comforting if they are right .
The immediate problem I can see is that past variations in CO2 and temperature over the last millennium were very small , and this group are assuming that the relationship they derive from these very small variations can be extrapolated to the much larger variations in temperature we expect this century .
" We have plenty of reason to believe that the shape of the relationship may change ( be nonlinear ) when we ' hit the system harder ' .
So , I do n't think they can rule out that the positive feedback from the carbon cycle could become stronger in a significantly warmer climate . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Democrats Dump Anti-War Lovers
Moral intuition precedes reasoning .
We make snap judgments and our inner Dershowitz casts about for reasons to make our case .
People can change their minds , yes , but by and large we are confabulating post hoc rationalizations based on some mixture of cultural prejudice and cognitive bias .
That ’s the rough conclusion from folk like Jonathan Haidt and Michael Gazzaniga .
Which is why I ’m not surprised by the findings in this interesting working paper by Fabio Rojas .
It appears Democrats left the anti-war movement once Obama was in office .
Rojas sums it up at his blog :
The key argument is that the decline of the antiwar movement can be attributed , in part , to the fact that Democrats have stopped using the peace movement as a platform for anti-Bush sentiment .
In other words , at its peak , the ranks of the antiwar movement were swelled by partisans .
Once Obama won the presidency , and other issues emerged , the movement shrank when Democrats stopped showing up .
My overly simplistic theory is that members of the voting Donk loathed George Bush ( moral intuition ) and then looked around for the most readily available reasons ( post hoc rationalizing on war ) .
Now you might say that ’s not true .
They hated Bush because of the war .
But how can that be ?
Obama has not dramatically changed course in either Iraq or Afghanistan .
If these wars were such flagrant moral wrongs five years ago , how come they cease to be after the inauguration ?
As long as “ our guy ” is waging it , war is okay ?
The truth is that they became anti-war because they loved Obama .
Not the other way around .
This is something libertarian minded voters should keep in mind now that Republicans are paying lip - service to the virtues of small government and fiscal responsibility .
Just as the anti-war movement was dumped , I would n’t be surprised to see Tea Party enthusiasm drop after someone like Mitt Romney gets elected .
Denver Broncos cornerback Darrent Williams was killed on January 1 , 2007 when his white Hummer limo was sprayed with bullets in Denver .
He is shown in September 15 , 2006 file photo showing off his newly styled hair prior to game against the Oakland Raiders at Invesco Field in Denver .
( UPI Photo / Gary C. Caskey / FILES ) | License Photo
DENVER , Feb. 24 ( UPI ) --
A witness testified that Denver Broncos cornerback Darrent Williams was not involved in the trouble at a nightclub that culminated in his being shot to death .
John Sheppard , the first witness called in the trial of Willie Clark , said a member of Williams ' party had gotten into an altercation with Clark and other members of his gang shortly before Clark allegedly opened fire on the vehicle carrying Williams and some teammates .
Advertisement
Sheppard testified that a cousin of Broncos wide receiver Brandon Marshall had been drunk and belligerent during the New Year 's celebration in 2007 .
The behavior led to a scuffle involving Marshall and Clark .
The Denver Post said Wednesday that the prosecution contends the perceived disrespect was seen by Clark and his cohorts as a green light to exact revenge .
Clark 's lawyer told the jury Tuesday that a member of Clark 's crew , who is a key prosecution witness , framed Clark in order to work a plea deal on a serious federal drug charge .
gLabels is a GNU / Linux program for creating labels and business cards .
It is designed to work with various laser / ink - jet peel - off label and business card sheets that you ’ll find at most office supply stores .
gLabels is free software and is distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public License ( GPL ) .
News
Release 3.4.1
28 Apr 2018 Changes / fixes since 3.4.0 include Fixed crash when providing invalid file on command line ( Clemens Fries )
Fixed crash of glabels - batch due to missing function prototype ( me )
Added “ Language ” headers to po files ( Piotr Drag )
Fixed wrapping issue with text objects when auto_shrink is enabled ( me )
Fixed out - of - bounds read in text_nodes ( Clemens Fries )
Fixed crash when searching select product combo boxes ( Clemens Fries )
Fixed portability issue to signedness of char type ( me )
New templates
Updated UI translations : Mario Blättermann ( de ) Marek Černocký ( cs ) Rafael Fontenelle ( pt_BR ) Jiri Grönroos ( fi ) Joe Hansen ( da ) Мирослав Николић ( sr ) ( sr@latin ) Anders Jonsson ( sv ) Dušan Kazik ( sk ) Rūdolfs Mazurs ( lv ) Balázs Meskó ( hu ) Daniel Mustieles ( es ) Claude Paroz ( fr ) Tiago Santos ( pt ) Kristjan SCHMIDT ( eo ) Andika Triwidada ( id ) Cédric Valmary ( oc )
Updated Doc translations Claude Paroz ( fr ) Download
Release 3.4.0
24 Apr 2016 Changes / fixes since 3.2.1 include Fixed missing contacts when importing from vcard ( Tim Waugh )
Create vcard composite address entry from components , if missing ( Tim Waugh )
Auto - detect file encoding of CSV files ( Jim Patterson )
Fixed sensitivity of first handle of line objects ( Marek Černock ý )
Object dragging enhancements ( Marek Černock ý )
Fixed problem with setting shadow color of line and text objects from key ( Marek Černock ý )
Use current label ’s path to set default “ save as ” directory ( Marek Černock ý )
Added properties dialog ( Marek Černock ý )
Fixed potential crash on “ Select All ” ( Marek Černock ý )
Fixed delayed rotate / flip ( Marek Černock ý )
Fixed clipping issue when drawing beyond label editor ’s drawing area ( me )
Removed final windowing system and dbus dependencies from glabels - 3 - batch ( me )
Added a GS1 input mode for Datamatrix barcodes using the zint backend ( me )
Numerous new templates and fixes to the product database ( me , Mario Blättermann , GHPS , Marek Černocký , Windel Bouwman , Thomas Steinert , Malte Skoruppa )
Updated UI translations : Åke Engelbrektson ( sv ) Anders Jonsson ( sv ) Balázs Meskó ( hu ) Balázs Úr ( hu ) Daniel Mustieles ( es ) Daniel Șerbănescu ( ro ) Dušan Kazik ( sk ) Enrico Nicoletto ( pt_BR ) Gabor Kelemen ( hu ) Gábor Kelemen ( hu ) Jiri Grönroos ( fi ) Jordi Mas ( ca ) Marek Černock ý ( cs ) Mario Blättermann ( de ) Muhammet Kara ( tr ) Necdet Yücel ( tr ) Pedro Albuquerque ( pt ) Rafael Fontenelle ( pt_BR ) Samir Ribic ( bs ) Tom Tryfonidis ( el ) Walter Cheuk ( zh_HK ) Walter Cheuk ( zh_TW ) Мирослав Николић ( sr ) ( sr@latin )
Updated Doc translations : Alexandre Franke ( fr ) Daniel Mustieles ( es ) Dimitris Spingos ( el ) Marek Černocký ( cs ) Mario Blättermann ( de )
Download
Older news …
Screenshot
At the risk of overplaying this one–or simply revealing too much about ourselves–we ’re just gonna present this graphic by Koldcast.tv without comment :
Midnight at Basecamp
I wondered why I was carrying a tripod with me .
At first , I assumed I ’d use it for video — just plop the camera down in the middle of a busy intersection and shoot exotic life passing by .
But then we arrived at Chomrong and the mountains revealed themselves to me at night .
It was then , standing out in the freezing cold , looking at the first long - exposure night shot of the surrounding peaks that I realized why I was hauling along the tripod .
The moon grew fuller the higher I climbed .
The evening skies were always clear .
And by the time I reached Macchapucchre and Annapurna Base Camps , it was completely full and very bright .
Even with the moon , the lack of light threw off the autofocus .
The GF1 would place the focal point just before the infinity mark , pushing the mountains into a slight blur .
Manually focusing to a focal extremity on this lens is trickier than you might think — since there is effectively no ‘ beginning ’ or ‘ end ’ to the focus ring ( it simply turns and turns and turns ) it takes some practice to find true infinity .
The GF1 handled the night shots with a lot of grace .
Despite windy conditions and a light - weight tripod I was surprised by how sharp the final images were .
Also , I was pleasantly surprised to find the long exposures were n't as much a drain on the battery as I assumed they would be .
I spent hours in the freezing cold ( with a hot thermos stuffed in my shirt ) exposing and waiting and confirming , over and over again .
All without denting the battery indicator .
The one let down was that no matter how hard I tried , I could n't seem to capture detail in the moon .
It was simply too bright .
Uncomfortable , expensive glasses and a lack of 3D content -- that 'd be the short list of stuff we dislike about current 3D TVs , but coincidentally it also happens to be the exact issues i3 D is determined to wipe out with its glasses - free technology .
We stopped by to meet with the young , Los Angeles - based company last week , and though it obviously is n't the first to develop spec-less displays , its proprietary hardware and software combo was really impressive .
The demo of a 7 - inch prototype really tells the whole story -- and we encourage you all to see it for yourself in the video after the break , though obviously you wo n't be able to experience all three dimensions from your standard LCD .
Our time screen - gazing was pretty breathtaking , even though the smaller display was far from immersive .
As for the viewing angle issue that 's the Achilles ' heel of the others , i3D claims its technology allows for three - dimensional viewing at close to 90 degrees , though it was hard for us to really evaluate that on such a small screen .
The coolest thing by far is the software 's ability to convert 2D to 3D content on the fly .
One second we were watching a two - dimensional clip of Cars and then with the tap of the 3D button the car was driving off the screen .
While this is n't the first company dabbling in 2D conversion , we have n't seen any others doing this without the glasses , and i3D does claim it can convert any resolution programming .
We 'll have to see it to believe it , but if it does work and the quality lives up to what 's being promised there 'd go our lack of content issue !
Apparently the price of the technology should add at most 20 percent to that of a current HDTV , but here 's where we tell you that we would n't be surprised if it took years for all this technology to make into Best Buy 's Magnolia Home Theater section .
Given the fact that we met with the company in a backyard , we 'd say that both it and its technology are in the early stages .
But hey , it makes you feel better that someone is working on that 3D frustration list , right ?
Le mouvement de mécontentement , parti du lycée Adolphe - Chérioux de Vitry - sur - Seine , dans le Val - de - Marne , s’est rapidement propagé à la Seine - Saint - Denis , un département à la pointe des dernières mobilisations dans l’éducation .
Le Snes , premier syndicat du secondaire , et la CGT Educ’action ont appelé aujourd ’hui à une grève dans l’académie et à une manifestation à Paris .
Ce devrait être l’occasion de tester l’extension du mouvement .
Retour sur cette brusque montée des tensions .
Les raisons de la colère
Elles sont multiples , ce qui est probablement un sujet d’inquiétude pour le gouvernement .
Comme à Adolphe - Chérioux , il y a les problèmes de violence face auxquels les équipes enseignantes se sentent souvent démunies .
Mais rien n’indique que le phénomène soit en augmentation cette année .
Selon les sondages
Sivis du ministère de l’Education , le problème est plutôt que cette violence , très inégalement répartie , est concentrée dans certains établissements et qu’aucun dispositif n’a réussi à inverser la tendance .
Ensuite , les suppressions de postes - 16 000 encore cette année , 40 000 en trois ans - passent de plus en plus mal .
Officiellement , on peut faire aussi bien avec moins de professeurs car il y a des marges d’économie dans le système .
Le problème est qu’après trois ans de coupes , les équipes sont au plus serré , les remplacements de plus en plus difficiles à assurer .
Enfin , les enseignants sont exaspérés par les réformes qui se succèdent et qui sont appliquées à la hussarde .
Celle du lycée entre en vigueur à la rentrée mais reste mal comprise .
Quel prof va s’occuper de l’« accompagnement personnalisé » introduit en seconde ?
Les nouveaux programmes , préparés dans la précipitation , sont aussi contestés .
Et les réformes de la formation des enseignants et du lycée pro suscitent l’hostilité .
C’est toute une profession qui se sent déstabilisée , atteinte dans son identité et méprisée par une hiérarchie qui passe des petites annonces pour recruter des retraités ou des étudiants pour des remplacements .
Les particularités de la Seine - Saint - Denis
Le département abrite une population jeune mais aussi largement issue de milieux défavorisés .
De ce fait , il accueille le plus grand nombre d’établissements classés en zone d’éducation prioritaire ( ZEP ) et de lycées professionnels .
Paradoxalement , il est aussi le département où les enseignants sont les plus jeunes et les plus inexpérimentés .
Dans le système français , les débutants sont en effet nommés en priorité dans les académies les moins demandées , comme Créteil ( qui englobe aussi le Val - de - Marne et la Seine - et - Marne ) .
Ces spécificités expliquent pourquoi la Seine - Saint - Denis a souvent été ces derniers temps la première à bouger .
Il faut ajouter que face à ces publics « remuants » , on a vu se constituer des équipes soudées , très investies dans leur travail , parfois engagées politiquement ou syndicalement , et surtout très critiques à l’égard des directions syndicales trop molles et de leurs modes d’action qui ne mènent à rien .
L’avenir du mouvement
Les syndicats , qui ont pris le train en marche , font apparemment le pari d’une extension du mouvement .
Mais y croient - ils ?
Il y a peu , ils décrivaient un monde enseignant profondément découragé et fatigué de défiler face à un pouvoir autiste .
Le gouvernement , qui ne veut surtout pas d’une nouvelle crise dans cette seconde partie de mandat de Nicolas Sarkozy , veut croire à une simple flammèche et tente des diversions .
Le ministre Luc Chatel a ainsi annoncé mardi soir l’ouverture à la rentrée 2010 de 11 internats d’excellence , réservés à des élèves méritants , coupant l’herbe sous le pied de la secrétaire d’Etat à la Ville , Fadela Amara , dont c’est une mesure phare .
Par ailleurs , comme chaque année , la période est délicate : les établissements apprennent leurs « dotations horaires globales » - leurs nombres de postes l’an prochain .
Mais le danger pourrait simplement venir d’un trop plein de frustrations .
Kay Burley has to say sorry for mistaking Ash Wednesday cross on U.S. Vice President Joe Biden 's forehead for a bruise
Sky New presenter Kay Burley was forced to make an on - air apology after mistaking a Roman Catholic symbol on American vice president Joe Biden 's forehead for a ' large bruise ' .
Miss Burley , 49 , made the comments yesterday during a conversation with the news channel 's US correspondent , Greg Milam .
When made aware of her ignorance during a commercial break , Miss Burley then compounded her insulting words by saying : ' I 've said three Hail Marys , everything is going to be fine . '
Controversy : Sky News presenter Kay Burley ( right ) thought the ash on Vice - President Joe Biden 's forehead was a large bruise
ORIGINS OF THE MARKINGS
The cross of ashes on the forehead is a sign of penitence and mortality and is done to mark Ash Wednesday .
It represents a cleansing of the soul ahead of Lent .
Special services for worshippers are held in Roman Catholic , Anglican and some other churches where this is carried out .
The cross is to remind churchgoers that : death comes to us all ; they should be sad for their sins ; they must change for the better ; and that God made man by breathing life into dust and that without God , human beings are nothing more than dust and ashes .
The ash is seen as a symbol of death and sorrow for sin and draws on the Biblical tradition of covering one 's head with ashes and wearing sackcloth .
Some worshippers leave the church with the mark still on their forehead so that they carry the sign of the cross out into the world .
At others it is washed off as a sign that the participants have been cleansed of their sins .
Mr Biden is a Catholic who was marking Ash Wednesday , the first day of Lent .
The holy day in the calendar derives its name from the practice of smearing ash on the forehead as a sign of repentance .
But Miss Burley , who suggested by her comments that she was a lapsed Catholic , appeared to have forgotten this well known fact .
While her colleague Mr Milam concentrated on talking about a fiscal stimulus package being unveiled by Mr Biden in Washington , Miss Burley was more interested in the ' nasty ' brown mark .
Suggesting that the ' large bruise ' might be caused by an accident at the Winter Olympics in Canada , she encouraged Mr Milam to find out .
Later Miss Burley admitted : ' I know I 'm a very bad Catholic .
I know I should know that today is Ash Wednesday and that 's why he'd got ash across his forehead .
I 've said three Hail Marys , everything is going to be fine . '
There are more than 1.1 billion Roman Catholics in the world , with more than 4 million of them living in Britain .
Because of its huge global influence , the religion 's practices and traditions are known and respected throughout the world .
Mistake : Vice President Biden is a devout Catholic who was marking Ash Wednesday , the first day of Lent
This is particularly so in Britain and the U.S.A , where 67 - year - old Mr Biden is just one of many American Catholics who have reached high office .
The most famous was John F. Kennedy - president from 1961 until his assassination in 1963 .
Miss Burley has been responsible for a number of inappropriate on - air comments in the past , including ones about the U.S.A .
During the suicide attacks on three buildings in New York and Washington on September 11th 2001 , she announced : ' If you 're just joining us , the entire eastern seaboard of the United States has been decimated by a terrorist attack . '
Tears :
The presenter recently left Peter Andre in tears after he was questioned about his ex-wife 's new marriage and his children
Earlier this month , she reduced the singer Peter Andre to tears after asking what he would do if his ex-wife , Katie Price , wanted her new husband Alex Reid to adopt his children .
Her on - the - road behaviour has also raised eyebrows .
In 2008 she was filmed placing her hands around the neck of a female photographer who had allegedly barged into her outside a London court .
That same year in an interview , she asked the wife of Suffolk serial killer Steve Wright ' do you think if you 'd had a better sex life he would n't have done this ?'.
One hundred and forty years ago , on March 4 , 1872 , the Boston Daily Globe published its first issue .
It was founded by six local businessmen , cost 4 cents , and featured news of the latest book from Nathaniel Hawthorne and accounts of Sunday sermons — including one on the life of the Buddha .
The Historic Archives of the Globe are now available digitally from that first issue until the present ( Access to the full archives is available to Globe subscribers for free ; non-subscribers can purchase articles or access them through a local library . )
Download this page ( PDF )
Mark Bush , daughter Georgina and his other two children live in Basildon .
The UK's first broadband customer celebrates 10 years with the faster internet connection this week .
Single parent Mark Bush was spending £ 300 a month on his dial - up connection before pre-registering for broadband with Virgin Media ( then NTL ) .
The original launch of cable broadband in Britain was delayed for 12 weeks to undergo further testing .
Mr Bush asked to have it installed anyway and was NTL 's sole broadband client during the extra test period .
" It was pretty impressive in the early days , with having the whole pipe to myself , " he told BBC News .
Mr Bush was not charged while the broadband connection was still being tested .
Heart of the household A flight enthusiast , he had set up a website about combat flight and found that it was requiring longer periods of time online to maintain .
Frugalsworld.com is currently offline .
It started out as four pages of text written during a quiet night shift at work , but developed into a flight simulation game with 1.2 m visitors a month at its peak , Mr Bush said .
" When I first signed up I thought broadband would be something that would help with my gaming , " he said .
These days the family computer is at the heart of the Bush household .
The internet is used for everything from homework help for the children to Mr Bush 's research into his son 's ADHD condition .
The Bush family also chat together on social networking site Facebook when they are not in the same room .
" Traditionally there would have been a generation gap - a 47 year old Dad would have little in common with a 17 year old son and 14 year old daughter , " he said .
" But we have the internet in common ... without it I would probably see less of my kids . "
Fight for survival Twenty residents in South Shropshire meanwhile are fighting to save their broadband from disconnection on 31 March , the 10th birthday of fast internet access in the UK .
QI Comm installed equipment to boost coverage to rural homes in Clun Forest but is due to switch it off at the end of March for economic reasons .
Those affected are looking at alternative solutions , which include running the service themselves .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Secession Sans Elections
With 2010 being another election year , here in Vermont there are a full slate of independent candidates with one primary objective : Secession from federal union , and declaration of full independence from federal government control .
The idea of secession is nothing new in American history – it was the very basis of the War for Independence ( 1775 - 1783 ) , and the Civil War ( 1861 -1865 ) .
Currently , secession is being seriously discussed by core groups of dedicated individuals in Vermont , New Hampshire ( the so - named Free State Project ) , Texas , Alaska , and Hawaii .
There are stirrings of it as well in places like Montana and Tennessee , whose governments have passed decrees ranging from full exemption from the USA PATRIOT Act and REAL ID , to provisions purportedly negating federal law over firearms and ammunition manufactured in those regions – so long as the weapons remain within its borders .
While these acts of dissent are in ways admirable , they fall short of true secession .
Observe the platform of Second Vermont Republic , the quasi-political organization that is the driving force behind the idea of Vermont secession ( quoted directly from their website , vermontrepublic.org ) :
“ The Second Vermont Republic is a nonviolent citizens ’ network and think tank opposed to the tyranny of Corporate America and the U.S. government , and committed to the return of Vermont to its status as an independent republic and more broadly to the dissolution of the Union .
Members of the Second Vermont Republic subscribe to the following set of principles :
1. Political Independence .
Our primary objectives are political independence for Vermont and the peaceful dissolution of the Union .
2. Human Scale .
We believe life should be lived on a human scale .
Small is still beautiful .
3. Sustainability .
We celebrate and support Vermont ’s small , clean , green , sustainable , socially responsible towns , farms , businesses , schools , and churches .
We encourage family - owned farms and businesses to produce innovative , premium - quality , healthy products .
We also believe that energy independence is an essential goal towards which to strive .
4. Economic Solidarity .
We encourage Vermonters to buy locally produced products from small local merchants rather than purchase from giant , out - of - state megastores .
We support trade with nearby states and provinces .
5. Power Sharing .
Vermont ’s strong democratic tradition is grounded in its town meetings .
We favor devolution of political power from the state back to local communities , making the governing structure for towns , schools , hospitals , and social services much like that of Switzerland .
Shared power also underlies our approach to international relations .
6. Equal Opportunity .
We support equal access for all Vermont citizens to quality education , health care , housing , and employment .
7. Tension Reduction .
Consistent with Vermont ’s long tradition of “ live and let live ” and nonviolence , we do not condone state - sponsored violence inflicted either by the military or law enforcement officials .
We support a voluntary citizens ’ brigade to reduce tension and restore order in the event of civil unrest and to provide assistance when natural disasters occur .
We are opposed to any form of military conscription .
Tension reduction is the bedrock principle on which all international conflicts are to be resolved .
8. Mutuality .
Both our citizens and our neighbors should be treated with mutual respect . ”
True secession means throwing off the shackles of all forms of political government – federal , state , local – all of it .
From the president and his goons in the White House , to the local yokel tax collector .
You do n’t get there by running for office and promising to establish a smaller , supposedly less intrusive version of “ our ” tax system , “ our ” schools , “ our ” health care , “ our ” mutual defense , “ our ” democracy .
You do n’t get there by using any political structure – existing or forecasted – to affect change .
Change is the last thing , in fact , that you ’re going to get when you employ such foolish , shortsighted tactics .
Those who advocate secession need only seceed themselves – and encourage as many other individuals to do so as well .
I have already gone a long way towards doing so , as have most other anarchists .
Here are some concrete elements of individual secession :
• Do n’t vote .
Stop voting if you still do , and go the further step of demanding ( politely – you made the choice to begin with ) that your name be removed from the voter registration list .
( Remember also that the very word “ registration ” has its root in “ regis ” or “ regent , ” i.e. king or ruler ) .
And obviously do n’t contribute your time , money , energy , or even attention to candidates or political campaigns of any kind – not even “ Libertarian ” Party ones .
Remember that electoral politics and anarchism ( libertarianism , voluntaryism ) are anathema to one another .
• If you have children , homeschool them .
Do not let the government - controlled tax - financed public schools distort their minds .
Do not have any contact with such institutions .
• Find every conceivable way to pay as little in all taxes as humanly possible .
Make avoiding taxes in every way your watchword , in all you do .
• Consider owning gold and silver bullion and coins .
Uninflatable numismatic metals are one of the best ways to fight government sanctioned fiat currencies , like Federal Reserve Notes .
Also , engaging in tax - free bartering , counter - economics / agorism is productive towards subverting the State .
• Read everything you can get your hands on about anarchist theory and philosophy .
Some of my personal recommendations would be anything and everything by Lysander Spooner , “ The Market for Liberty ” by Morris and Linda Tannehill , and “ Adventures in Legal Land ” by Marc Stevens .
For economics , try anything by Ludwig von Mises , and “ The Road to Serfdom ” by Friedrich A. Hayek .
Henry David Thoreau ’s classic essay , “ Resistance to Civil Government ” is also excellent .
• Finally , live your life – remember it is YOUR life – the way you like , and enjoy yourself .
Just freeing yourself from the self - imposed burden of paying attention to politics can be very liberating .
The realization that you are an individual human being – not part of some specious , imaginary collective – goes a long way towards achieving sovereignty and greater self - expansion .
While it may take sizeable numbers of people to embrace market anarchism in order for it to operate on a societal scale , each individual act of non-political secession is the only path towards making a zero - government society a reality .
You now know what the steps are to get there , and you have – among numerous other sources – the Center for a Stateless Society to help you spread the word , and anarchist ideas in general .
Excuses over .
Now let ’s get out there and make it happen .
Let ’s suceed from government , in all forms , altogether .
Six British - Israelis say they are not the men pictured in the suspects ' passports
The UK government has again denied it had any prior knowledge of the fake British passports used by the suspected killers of a Hamas militant in Dubai .
Shadow foreign secretary William Hague said it was " entirely possible " the government had been alerted .
And a British newspaper claims MI6 and the government had received a tip - off .
Six fake UK passports are thought to have been used by the killers of Mahmoud al - Mabhouh .
Israel says there is no proof its agents were involved .
On Thursday , Dubai 's police chief , Lt Gen Dahi Khalfan , said he wanted Mossad chief Meir Dagan to be arrested if it was proved that the agency was behind the killing .
Diplomatic tensions have been building between Britain and Israel after it emerged on Monday that six of the passports used by the 11 suspected assassins were British .
They were clones of passports belonging to men who have dual British and Israeli citizenship .
' An outrage ' Mr Hague told the BBC it was " entirely possible " the government had been alerted to their use in January .
Mr al - Mabhouh was murdered in a luxury hotel room in Dubai on 20 January .
If there was proof Israel had used British passports ... relations between the UK and Israel would be in a crisis
Jeremy Bowen
Pictures of ' 11 Europeans ' Dubai police chief in Mossad arrest call Israel 's ' covert killing ' history
No proof of Dubai hit - Israel Irish passports real numbers Bumpy road for relations Reactions to the British connection And Friday 's Daily Mail quotes a British security source who claims the UK 's intelligence service MI6 and the government were told of the operation .
A Foreign Office spokesman said it was " not correct " to state Britain knew in advance about the passports .
" We received details of the British passports a few hours before the press conference which was held by the police in Dubai , " he said .
Foreign Secretary David Miliband said the use of the passports was " an outrage " .
The Israeli Ambassador Ron Prosor held a 20 - minute meeting with Sir Peter Ricketts , the head of the UK 's diplomatic service , on Thursday but he was " unable to add additional information " .
The UK's Serious Organised Crime Agency is carrying out an investigation into how the passports came to be used .
The international police agency Interpol has issued arrest notices for all 11 suspects , although it admitted their true identities were unclear .
Hamas killing Police in Dubai have released images of 27 people they believe are behind the killing of a senior Hamas commander .
The suspects are accused of using fake passports bearing their own pictures , but the names of innocent citizens .
Twelve of the passports used were British ( shown on previous slide ) .
The other 15 on the list are reported to have used stolen identities from Australian , French , Irish and German citizens .
The 27th suspect used the alias Joshua Aaron Krycer - a stolen Australian identity ( pictured left ) .
Police say the suspects used their fake documents to travel to Dubai in groups , flying from Zurich , Rome , Paris and Frankfurt .
One of the victims of the identity theft was British - Israeli Paul John Keeley ( pictured right ) .
The passport used by one of the suspected assassins bore his name , but featured a photograph of another man ( pictured left ) .
Palestinian militant Mahmoud al - Mabhouh was killed in his hotel room in Dubai on 20 January .
Police claim one of the suspects , pictured on the left , went to a hotel to put on a disguise .
He is seen leaving a toilet wearing a wig .
Surveillance cameras also recorded Mr Mabhouh , circled in red above , at the hotel 's reception before his death .
At the bottom of the image the head of one of the suspects can be seen .
As Mr Mabhouh leaves , the suspect follows .
Mr Mabhouh is trailed into the lift by a number of the suspects , including two pictured here in tennis gear .
Investigators believe he had been followed from Syria to Dubai where it is thought he wanted to buy weapons for Hamas .
When Mr Mabhouh leaves the lift , police say two of the suspects can be seen following him down the corridor .
He was later found dead in his room .
A post -mortem report said he had been electrocuted and suffocated .
BACK {current} of {total} NEXT
The names on the British passports are Melvyn Adam Mildiner , Paul John Keeley , James Leonard Clarke , Stephen Daniel Hodes , Michael Lawrence Barney and Jonathan Lewis Graham .
They all deny involvement in the killing .
Three Irish passports were also used , along with a French and a German passport .
While the numbers on the Irish passports were legitimate , they did not match records for the names which had been used - Gail Folliard , Evan Dennings and Kevin Daveron .
The Irish Republic called in Israeli ambassador Zion Evrony , and France has also demanded explanations .
Israel 's secret service , Mossad , has been accused of involvement in the killing .
The BBC's Middle East editor Jeremy Bowen said if there was proof Israel had used British passports " for some nefarious uses of its Mossad service - as they have in the past with Canadian and New Zealand ones " , then relations between the UK and Israel would be " in a crisis " .
Reports have suggested the Hamas commander was in Dubai to buy weapons for the Palestinian Islamist movement , Hamas .
Two Palestinian suspects were being questioned about the murder .
Police said the pair had fled to Jordan after the killing , but were extradited back to Dubai on Sunday .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Sen .
Arlen Specter joined a number of his Democratic colleagues today in signing a letter supporting the inclusion of a public health insurance option in a health care reform bill , according to Specter 's Senate office .
The letter , addressed to Majority Leader Harry Reid , reads : " We respectfully ask that you bring for a vote before the full Senate a public health insurance option under budget reconciliation rules . "
Specter 's support for the public option has ebbed and flowed .
On Meet the Press in May right after he switched political parties , host David Gregory asked him , " Would you support health care reform that puts up a government - run public plan to compete with a private plan issued by a private insurance company ? "
Specter replied , " No . "
But then my esteemed predecessor , Josh Drobnyk , wrote on this here blog that only a month later at a rally in DC Specter said he supported the public option .
This morning the Republican after Specter 's Senate seat , Pat Toomey , sent him a letter urging Specter NOT to sign the letter in support of the public option .
" I urge you to resist the temptation to join your Democratic colleagues in an effort to ram through this terrible bill in a partisan manner through extraordinary procedural maneuvers , " Toomey wrote .
Pennsylvania 's junior senator Bob Casey has not yet signed the letter , but his office said he continues to support the public option .
Some news outlets reported this evening that Reid says he will work with Democrats and the White House to craft a public option .
ED # 116 : Microsoft Silently Rolls Out Anti-Hack Update For Windows 7
It was merely a matter of time before Microsoft started cracking down on Windows 7 anti-activation exploits .
Just as they did in Windows Vista , they have surreptitiously released an anti-hack detection update via Windows Update .
Those who chose to have Windows 7 install updates automatically would have this update installed and running by now .
If you chose to manually select updates to be installed , you should find this update listed .
You can see that the KB971033 update is listed as Important .
Although the description is listed at the side , most users will probably not bother to read it , and assume that it 's yet another important patch that fixes flaws in Windows 7 and just install it .
Microsoft describes the KB971033 update as such :
This update for Windows Activation Technologies helps detect validation errors and activation exploits .
This update also detects any tampering attempts made to important Windows 7 system files .
Be aware that some counterfeit copies of Windows include malware .
When this update is installed , it performs a validation process for the copy of Windows that is running on your computer .
However , this validation process does not affect the functionality of Windows .
The update process exits silently if it detects no validation errors , activation exploits , or tampered files .
Tampered Files
If the update discovers a tampered file , it tries to restore the file .
This restore may require a restart .
If this update cannot restore the tampered files , it will direct you more information on the Internet .
Validation Errors or Activation Exploits
Validation errors and activation exploits try to bypass the Windows activation process and are sometimes included with counterfeit copies of Windows .
If a validation error or activation exploit is detected , you will be directed to more information on the Internet for resolution of the activation exploit or the validation error .
When validation errors or activation exploits are removed , you may be asked to use a valid product key to activate the copy of Windows 7 that is running on your computer .
If you decide not to resolve the validation error or the activation exploit at that time , you will be periodically notified that the copy of Windows 7 that is running on your computer is not genuine .
Additionally , Windows will provide a link to more information online for resolution .
If any anti-activation exploits are detected , you will be sent to a Microsoft website that will teach you how to remove the exploits .
Removing the exploits will require you to use a valid product key to activate Windows 7 .
If you refuse to remove the exploits , you will get plenty of annoying reminders that you are using a pirated copy of Windows 7 .
Eventually , the update may disable the exploit anyway , forcing you to activate Windows 7 using a valid product key .
If you do not wish to install this update , you can ignore and hide it .
Just right - click on the update in Windows Update and select Hide update .
However , Microsoft will probably require you to install this update before you are allowed to download Service Pack 1 when it 's released .
So it is really just a matter of time .
Do note that this update cannot be uninstalled or rolled - back .
If it is installed into a PC with a hacked version of Windows 7 , the only way to remove it would be to reinstall Windows 7 and avoid the update .
Update @ 12/5/2010 :
We were just informed that these hacks are not affected by KB971033 :
Preactivated DVD installer
Orb30 loader
Leaked OEM SLP
Leaked Lenovo key
Daz loader
Hazar loader
Daz 7 loader 1.7.3
AIO kit builder with SLIC BIOS mod
Hazar loader 1.6d
Daz loader 1.7.7r
However , we cannot verify the authenticity of this report .
If you are using any of these hacks , do n't blame us if KB971033 kills your Windows 7 installation !
Other Microsoft Scoops :
If you have a scoop you want to share with us , just contact us !
It does n't have to be Microsoft - related .
It can be anything in the tech industry , from mobile phones to P2P software .
Just drop us a line !
Support Tech ARP !
If you like our work , you can help support out work by visiting our sponsors , participate in the Tech ARP Forums , or even donate to our fund .
Any help you can render is greatly appreciated !
Questions & Comments
If you have a question or comment on this editorial , please feel free to post them here !
Gadget maker MagicJack recently lost a defamation lawsuit that it filed against Boing Boing .
The judge dismissed its case and ordered it to pay us more than $ 50,000 in legal costs .
The Florida - based VOIP company promotes a USB dongle that allows subscribers to make free or inexpensive phone calls over the internet .
I posted in April 2008 about its terms of service — which include the right to analyze customers ' calls — and various iffy characteristics of its website .
We had no idea that it would file a baseless lawsuit to try and shut me up , that CEO Dan Borislow would offer to buy our silence after disparaging his own lawyers , or that MagicJack would ultimately face legal consequences for trying to intimidate critics .
At several points in the process , we could have taken a check and walked away : as it is , the award does n't quite cover our costs .
But we do n't like being bullied , and we wanted the chance to tell anyone else threatened by this company what to expect .
The post was titled " MagicJack 's EULA says it will spy on you and force you into arbitration . "
This EULA , or End - User Licensing Agreement , concerns what subscribers must agree to in order to use the service .
I wrote that MagicJack 's allows it to target ads at users based on their calls , was not linked to from its homepage or at sign - up , and has its users waive the right to sue in court .
I also wrote that that MagicJack 's website contained a visitor counter that incremented automatically ; and that the website claimed to be able to detect MagicJacks , reporting that " Your MagicJack is functioning properly " even when none are present .
In the lawsuit , filed March 2009 in Marin , Ca. , MagicJack alleged that these statements were false , misleading , and had irreparably harmed MagicJack 's reputation by exposing it to " hate , ridicule and obloquy . "
The lawsuit demanded removal of our post and unspecified damages .
It also alleged that I am a professional blogger .
Published in the gadgets section of our site , the post did n't criticize the service or the gadget itself , which works very well .
Though just 200 words long , it soon came up among search results for the company 's name .
It was also reposted on Boing Boing 's homepage by Cory Doctorow , under the title " MagicJack net - phone : swollen pustule of crappy terms of service and spyware . "
Boing Boing has a long history of covering EULAs and related issues ; we 're also no stranger to legal intimidation .
Believing that the suit sought to exploit the trivial matter of the website counter to silence our discussion of the more important issues , we fought back .
Our lawyers , Rob Rader , Marc Mayer and Jill Rubin of MS&K , determined that it was a SLAPP lawsuit : a strategic lawsuit against public participation .
In such a lawsuit , winning is not the main objective .
Instead , it is crafted to harry critics , not least with the high cost of fighting a lawsuit , into abandoning their criticism .
New York Supreme Court Judge J. Nicholas Colabella wrote that " short of a gun to the head , a greater threat to First Amendment expression can scarcely be imagined . "
California led the way in fighting such lawsuits , passing an anti-SLAPP statute in 1992 .
This allows defendants to file a special motion to strike complaints leveled against constutitionally protected speech–and to recover costs .
Accordingly , our lawyers filed such a motion , which forced MagicJack to show it would have a ' reasonable probability ' of prevailing if it went to trial .
After it failed to do so , a California judge dismissed MagicJack 's suit late last year .
She noted that in its complaint , MagicJack essentially admitted the very act it claims to be defamed by .
" Plaintiff 's own evidence shows that the counter is not counting visitors to the website as a visitor visits the site , " wrote Judge Verna A. Adams .
" Instead , the visitor is seeing an estimate . …
As to the statements based on the EULA , such statements , read in context , do not imply that the plaintiff is eavesdropping on its customers calls .
Instead , the statements clearly constitute the opinion of the author that analyzing phone numbers for purposes of targeted advertising amounts to " spy[ing ] , " " snoop[ing ] , " and " systematic privacy invasion . "
After the dismissal of the lawsuit , MagicJack CEO Dan Borislow apologized and told us that his lawyers , Arnold & Porter , did not fully disclose to him the weaknesses in his case or properly analyze California law .
During negotiations , we were surprised when MagicJack agreed to a settlement of our legal costs , then backed out .
We would not agree to keep the actual legal dispute confidential under any circumstances .
However , we offered not to publish details of our legal costs or their settlement if Borislow would donate $ 25,000 to charity .
MagicJack , however , offered to pay our legal bill only if we 'd agree to keep the whole dispute confidential ; when we refused , Borislow wrote that he would ' see us in court . '
Nonetheless , we 're happy with the outcome .
The irony for MagicJack is that the proceedings are public record , so the silence it sought was effectively worthless .
MagicJack 's relentless television infomercials are a staple of cable television .
The gadget itself , no larger than a 3G modem , earned praise from gadget reviewers and opprobrium from Florida 's attorney general .
According to Wikipedia , the Better Business Bureau of Southeast Florida has received hundreds of customer service complaints , primarily related to difficulty returning the product under the 30 - day guarantee and the longtime lack of an uninstaller .
In 2008 , its grade with the Better Business Bureau was reported to be " F. "
According to the bureau , this rating is assigned to companies under the following circumstances :
" We strongly question the company 's reliability for reasons such as that they have failed to respond to complaints , their advertising is grossly misleading , they are not in compliance with the law 's licensing or registration requirements , their complaints contain especially serious allegations , or the company 's industry is known for its fraudulent business practices . "
MagicJack currently has an A - rating after becoming an ' Accredited ' BBB partner in 2009 .
At the time of its failing grade , however , Borislow dismissed the Better Business Bureau 's system as meaningless : " I have Comcast cable in my house ; they are rated an F .
I use Sprint on some of our phones ; they are rated an F .
My bank , who I have been with forever , Colonial Bancorp , is rated an F .
The list is endless . "
The BBB's ' TrustLink rating ' gives it only two stars out of five .
In December 2008 , MagicJack filed a $ 1,000,000 lawsuit ( docket ) against competitiors Joiphone and PhonePower , who linked to a blog post by a Singapore - based blogger whose own discussion of the product echoed ours : " Magic Jack ( sic ) will spy on you and force you into arbitration , " Vinay Rasam headlined a post at now - vanished site voipphoneservices.org .
In that case , MagicJack 's legal rationale was trademark infringement , false advertising and violation of the unfair trade practices act .
In April 2009 , MagicJack reached a settlement with Florida 's Attorney General after claims it charged customers for services during the ' free ' trial period .
The company paid the state 's costs and made no admission that it broke the law .
Investigators in the case found that MagicJack 's product had limitations that were not properly disclosed , and that the company did not respond adequately to customer complaints .
The BBB in Florida lists a corporate number for MagicJack , but while the customer care department has a webchat service , it does not appear to have a public telephone number of its own .
Read other interesting legal documents related to the case ( including a motion in which MagicJack claims to be ' not in the public eye ' ) at our MagicJack legal documents post .
Photo :
The gavel photograph is from bloomsberries ' photostream .
Moving our house is one of the most breathtaking encounters that we all appreciate at once or the other .
If you really want to make your , an incredible experience , hire Agarwal Packers for your moving needs .
The excitement of meeting new neighbors , exploring new environmental factors , and living in an unknown city is something that stones our energy level .
Indeed , summers are best to move with Packers and Movers in India to know astounding areas for living in India ?
To get you out with some incredible tips of moving in this mid-year season , we have created this blog to guide you with best season and other benefits of move .
Examine Some Exclusive Tips for Shifting Your Home in Summers
Set yourself up Psychologically :
It is critical to set yourself up mentally when you desire to move your sweet home in a hot atmosphere .
At the point , when you prepare for moving your home mentally , no boundary of atmosphere can prevent you out from moving your home .
Start your Day at the Earliest :
One of the most beloved way of moving your home in summer season is to begin your day early .
Get up as ahead of schedule as could reasonably be expected and you will take note of the distinction all alone .
From that point forward , you will possess sufficient energy for taking care of movement undertakings .
Keep Your Kids Hooked to Games : Shifting in the late spring season is a serious tricky task .
The hot atmosphere outside makes our home moving very troublesome .
This turns out to be substantially more confounded when we wind up caught in dealing with our children .
Along these lines , this is a significant troublesome inquiry concerning how might we tackle our children when we desire to move in the mid-year season .
You can keep your children occupied in indoor games with a plate of bites lying around on the plate .
Pick the Right and Comfortable Apparels : Summer season is truly outstanding and superb seasons that can give you an incredible encounter of home moving .
The explanation being the mid-year season is additionally combined with occasions of children and youths and you can appreciate loads of assistance with you .
The main dread you have in your psyche is about the hot breezes are very hard to tolerate for you .
All things considered , the best arrangement , for this situation , is to pick open to dress that will give you alleviation from the blowing hot breezes .
Some significant hints with respect to picking the best apparel for the moving day is given beneath :
Avoid Wearing Synthetic Fibers in the Summer Season .
Do not wear synthetic dresses alongside rayon garments .
These are not appropriate for the soggy condition for summers .
Try to wear light garments from which air can without much of a stretch infiltrate .
Wear those garments that gives you an extraordinary sentiment of solace .
You can without much of a stretch pick garments of baggy .
Cotton garments are an agreeable and breathtaking decision for us all .
White clothes are a major help for the late spring season .
Every one of these tips for choosing garments will help you in taking care of every one of your issues and will give you a major alleviation .
Be Hydrated All the Time : How a late spring move can be handled appropriately ?
To locate the correct answer of this inquiry you ought to comprehend the essential prerequisites of the mid-year season .
Searching for moving your house is perhaps the best choice you can make in the late spring season .
Yet , how you should keep yourself sheltered and secure in this season from turning into a casualty of hot breeze .
Is it true that you are searching for certain tips for the late spring season that can get you out to beat the warmth in the mid-year season and let you feel good at the hour of home moving ?
In this way , here , we are referencing some incredible tips to get you out to remain hydrated .
• Ensure that you have enough water bottles for yourself .
Drinking a lot of water is very fundamental for staying hydrated constantly .
In this way , simply ensure that you drink at any rate eight to 10 glasses of water regular only when you go out and face summers heat .
• To spare yourself from superfluous warmth , it is critical to allow new squeeze , eat watery organic products like watermelon , and muskmelon , and so forth .
• Use paper glasses so you do n't have to carry steel glass with you .
Make a point to complete all arrangements before you go out :
Whenever you are thinking about moving to some other city , it is critical to finish all the courses of action ahead of time .
In this way , not long before you move out ensure that you keep a water bottle inside your fridge .
Aside from this , try to mastermind the utilities that you need once you will reach back to your home .
For example , you can leave your A.C on , and it would have cooled the whole house once you finish your moving process and return home .
If you are moving to India with the guide of Movers and Packers , these effective tips of moving your home in summers can help you a lot sparing your vitality and cause you to feel loose .
Stay Calm :
The greatest tip is to remain quiet and cool and let out all the pressures of your brain .
It will get you out in understanding the obstacles effectively when you are intending to move your home in summers .
The Crux
Summers are the best season for us because of the special seasons of our children .
Wanting to move your home in this spectacular season despite the fact that appears to be difficult , yet it is n't at all inconceivable .
By following these spectacular tips , you can undoubtedly deal with your household goods moving in summers .
It is advised to connect with Agarwal Packers and Movers for your moving assistance .
Hosting a Competition
If your club , brewery , fair , festival or organization is thinking about hosting a homebrew competition , the first step is to register the competition as an AHA / BJCP - Sanctioned Competition with the Beer Judge Certification Program ( BJCP ) .
Competitions are jointly administered by the AHA and the BJCP .
Registering gives the competition organizers access to resources which ensure managing the competition is easy and fun .
With established competition standards and procedures , homebrewers can be assured their beers are handled and judged in the best possible fashion , creating results that are accurate , meaningful and educational .
Register a Competition
Be sure to register your competition at least two months prior to the competition in order to meet the publishing deadlines for Zymurgy magazine .
Announcing the competition even earlier allows time for homebrewers to brew a beer just for your competition .
There is a $ 30 fee for registering your competition with the AHA / BJCP .
This administration fee is payable by credit card through a secure PayPal account .
Competition Materials
After the competition is registered , sanctioned competition materials are sent via e-mail from the BJCP Competition Director , which include :
A letter describing how to use the sanctioned competition program materials .
A contact list of BJCP judges in your state or a multi-state region ( you specify the area during the registration process ) .
Mailing labels for the BJCP judge list .
Judge participant list to use for judge check - in .
Competition Evaluation Form for judges and stewards .
Additional competition forms and procedural information are available at the BJCP Competition Center .
Promoting the Competition
Registration ensures your competition is listed in Zymurgy magazine , on the events calendar on this website and on the BJCP competition calendar .
Homebrewers nationwide can then easily find and enter your competition !
After the competition , the AHA also publishes the Best of Show winners in Zymurgy .
Looking to Order Medals ?
AHA / BJCP sanctioned competitions have the opportunity to use official medals as awards for winners .
The medals are two inches in diameter with an antique brass , pewter or copper finish and come with a red , white and blue neck ribbon .
Ordering , cost , and payment is handled directly with The Hermann Werks , Inc .
To order , contact :
The Hermann Werks , Inc .
Aimee Viehmann | PO Box 256 | Hermann , MO 65041 | mobile : ( 573 ) 999-0825 | email : thehermannwerks@gmail.com
PHOTOS © BREWERS ASSOCIATION
Competition Calendar
That 's what I dig about punk rock .
Completely incompatible with bullshit .
This reminds me of albums I 'd see around with " Do not pay more than 2 quid " incorporated into the cover art .
I wonder who Dead Kennedys recorded with , that they'd be allowed to put something that snarky on Side 2 of the tape .
Dollars to donuts they do n't exist anymore , or get eaten by Time / Warner .
You Really Have To Read The List Of Eccentricities
So I think that bit about computer nerds not getting hot ladies was wrong right from the beginnning because by my estimation , Georgiana Babbage was quite foxy .
They also had 8 kids so contrary to what my comic might make you believe they totally got it on .
From Electowiki
The election - methods mailing list can be found at :
The list is for discussion of the nitty - gritty details of single - winner election reform , the relative merits of different proportional representation systems , and the technical underpinnings of all election methods .
" election - methods - list " discussions tend to be technical in nature ( or at least , very laden with jargon ) , with the ultimate goal of providing recommendations and educational material to the electoral reform movement .
The list was started in 1996 by Rob Lanphier ( User : RobLa on this wiki ) .
During it 's first few years , it was on eskimo.com , but moved to electorama.com ( hosted on Dreamhost ) in 2003 .
The list has been continuously active for 23 years .
This post has been reviewed by the Vancouver Media Co-op editorial committee .
The NLG vs BC Civil Liberties
→ Cooperatives , → Video , → 2010 Olympics
Youtube Link - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Wd7vUOCE8M
During today 's tent city action in Vancouver the VMC caught up with Larry Hildes , an attorney for the National Lawyers Guild .
We asked him why he had broken ties with BC Civil Liberties
Christianity Today has put its two cents in on the “ Kill the Gays ” bill in Uganda , telling gays and lesbians to unwad their knickers over the law and instead exercise “ patience as Ugandan leaders sort out among themselves the best way to preserve their culture ’s sexual mores . ”
Instead of strongly condemning this legislation , which President Barack Obama has called “ odious , ” CT tells us we need to understand the culture and give the Ugandans a fair hearing on their homophobia , reasoned arguments against gays and lesbians :
For American Christian leaders , both silence and open condemnation end up violating important missional and human - rights principles .
There is no escaping this dilemma , but several points are worth reflection .
First , when American media reported on the proposed legislation , they assumed an inordinate amount of American influence .
Media outlets tried to “ expose ” the power of American evangelicals who had spoken about gay issues in Uganda .
Such assumptions were racist , said Scott Lively , one of the speakers .
If anything , Ugandan legislators did not follow his advice :
He had urged them to favor rehabilitation rather than imprisonment in crafting a new law on homosexuality .
There is American and European influence in Uganda , Anglican bishop David Zac Niringiye told Christianity Today .
The liberationist sexual politics exported from the West are the true cultural imperialism .
Indeed , the member of Parliament who introduced the bill hopes that Uganda will lead the world in fighting moral decadence .
So , working to block this bill is both racist and imperialist , as Western gays and lesbians attempt to point out the worth of every human life , even if the large majority of the population finds those lives offensive .
Let ’s put the shoe on the other foot , though , shall we ?
If this were a law threatening Christians with death or imprisonment for exercising what they believe is their God - given right to proselytize without restrictions , they ’d be loudly condemning the bill and not counseling “ patience as Ugandan leaders sort out among themselves the best way to preserve their culture ’s ” religious mores .
No , they would be trying to quash or change this pending law .
How are their current efforts to change laws in other countries that discriminate against Christians any less racist or imperialist than gays and lesbians working to save the lives of other gays and lesbians in another country ?
In Kazakhstan , for instance , individuals and religious groups who practice “ missionary activity ” without registering with the country are punished with fines and deportation .
A Baptist jailed there told one news outfit : “ What we want is simple : to be left alone to pray to God and speak to others of God without any obstruction .
We do n’t want any privileges or any discrimination in our favor . ”
The gays and lesbians of Uganda could say the same thing .
They simply want to be left alone to form the adult , consensual relationships that they seek , and to speak of their lives and live their lives without any obstruction .
They seek no privileges or discrimination in their favor – they seek simply to be allowed to live openly and with dignity .
Open Doors ’
Web site lists the top countries where Christians are persecuted like North Korea , Iran , Saudi Arabia , and Somalia .
Everywhere they are persecuted , Christians are working to change the system , through prayer , protest , or other actions .
Yet , they would deny this kind of action to gay and lesbian people simply because we should take our time and stop and “ listen ” to why the people in Uganda want to kill or imprison us ?
Believe me , we ’ve heard their reasons and they smack of misunderstanding , hatred , and downright meanness .
When conservative Christians do n’t have any skin in the game , they counsel “ patience ” and cultural understanding , but let a conservative Christian get locked up in a foreign country for passing out Bibles or talking about Jesus , and their tune changes pretty quickly .
Then , they want to be “ left alone ” to do what they want .
There ’s a word I ’m looking for here – ah , yes , a familiar one when conservative Christians speak : hypocrisy .
How safe is the air you 're breathing , and where is it coming from ?
Tune in to " Toxic America , " a two - night special investigation , with Dr. Sanjay Gupta , June 2 and 3 at 8 p.m. ET .
Westlake , Louisiana ( CNN ) --
Gather current and former Mossville , Louisiana , residents in a room and you 're likely to hear a litany of health problems and a list of friends and relatives who died young .
" I got cancer .
My dad had cancer .
In fact , he died of cancer .
It 's a lot of people in this area who died of cancer , " says Herman Singleton Jr. , 51 , who also lost two uncles and an aunt to cancer .
Singleton and many others in this predominantly African - American community in southwest Louisiana suspect the 14 chemical plants nearby have played a role in the cancer and other diseases they say have ravaged the area .
For decades , Mossville residents have complained about their health problems to industry , and to state and federal agencies .
Now with a new Environmental Protection Agency administrator outspoken about her commitment to environmental justice , expectations are growing .
" I'm pretty hopeful now , " say Debra Ramirez , 55 , who grew up in Mossville and who lost a sister at 45 of sarcoidosis , an inflammatory disease .
" I do see her trying to do the right thing . "
Lisa Jackson , a native of New Orleans , Louisiana , and the first African - American administrator of the EPA , this year listed environmental justice as one of her seven priorities .
And the EPA held a meeting in Mossville last month formally kicking off a study designed to see if the community qualifies as a Superfund site , reserved for the most polluted places in the United States .
Superfund site designation would bring federal funding for cleaning up Mossville .
Mossville Environmental Action Now ( MEAN ) , the local environmental group , has asked government and industry to relocate residents who want to leave , offer a free health clinic and lower emissions from the plants .
Superfund relocates residents only as a last resort .
" There are people that are getting sick ; there are people who are dying because of what is happening in our community .
These chemicals are killing us .
They will destroy Mossville if nothing happens , " says Dorothy Felix of MEAN .
Thousands of pounds of carcinogens such as benzene and vinyl chloride are released from the facilities near Mossville each year , according to the EPA 's Toxic Release Inventory .
Chemical boom
The industrial boom began in and around Mossville during World War II .
Vinyl chloride makers , refineries , a coal - fired energy plant and chemical plants now operate in what was once rural country , rich in agriculture , fishing and hunting .
Robert Bullard , author of " Dumping in Dixie , " says it 's no surprise industry chose Mossvillle , an unincorporated community founded by African Americans in the 1790s .
" What happens is zoning becomes very political , and what happens is people with power , with lawyers and elected officials who can fight for them and make decisions for them , oftentimes will get things placed away from them and placed in locations where other people live " Bullard says .
Without the power , Bullard says , African - Americans have borne the brunt of living near industry , landfills and hazardous facilities .
" African Americans are more than 79 percent more likely to live in communities where there are dangerous facilities that pose health threats , " says Bullard , director of the Environmental Justice Resource Center at Clark Atlanta University .
Bullard says Jackson has breathed new life into environmental justice since she took office last year .
During the previous eight years , he says , " environmental justice was non-existent or invisible . "
Mossville fears
Over time , Mossville residents became worried emissions from the plants were affecting their health .
Those fears heightened in 1998 when the federal Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry tested the blood of 28 Mossville residents and found dioxin levels three times the national average .
Dioxins are carcinogens .
Volcanoes and forest fires create dioxins naturally .
They are also released during vinyl chloride production , at waste incinerators and by wood processing facilities .
Residents were retested for dioxins in 2001 , with similar results , but in 2006 the agency concluded that residents did not face a health risk , an assessment echoed by local industry .
" The emissions from the plants are within the standards set by the various agencies , and they are of a level that they have no ill effects on the local community , " says Larry DeRoussel , executive director of the Lake Area Industry Alliance .
DeRoussel speaks for local industry .
CNN invited all 14 companies to speak on camera .
None of them accepted ; some said interviewing DeRoussel would suffice .
DeRoussel points to statistics showing the cancer rate in Calcasieu Parish , the local county , is not significantly higher than the state average .
But Wilma Subra , a chemist from New Iberia , Louisiana , who has worked with Mossville residents , says the statistics are misleading because the parish covers such a large area , more than 1,000 square miles , and more than 180,000 residents .
Mossville is a tiny fraction of that , with about 375 homes adjacent to the chemical plants .
" The people of Mossville are like an experiment .
They know that they have high levels of dioxin in their blood , and they 're allowed to continue to live there and be exposed , " says Subra , recipient of the MacArthur genius grant in 1999 for her environmental work with communities .
After the EPA announced its Superfund investigation , Felix says she 's hopeful for the first time in years Mossville will be saved .
" This is the first time I 've had a little hope in EPA , " Felix says .
Chevron
The oil giant Chevron has transformed an old refinery site in California into a test bed for seven advanced photovoltaic solar technologies , which the company is evaluating for use at its facilities worldwide .
On Monday , Chevron is unveiling 7,700 solar panels installed on 18 acres in Bakersfield , the capital of California ’s oil patch .
Called Project Brightfield , the plant will generate 740 kilowatts of electricity to power nearby oil operations .
Any excess electricity will be fed to the power grid .
“ We were looking for the next - generation technology that we believe could well be the low - cost solution — not just in terms of panels but in total cost of ownership , ” said Des King , president of Chevron Technology Ventures , the company ’s venture capital and technology development arm .
“ It ’s one of most comprehensive side - by - side tests in shear numbers of panels . ”
Mr. King said Chevron collected data on 180 solar companies , visited 38 of them and narrowed the list to 19 before choosing seven finalists .
Six of the companies make thin - film solar panels that deposit or print solar cells on glass or flexible metals .
Though less efficient than traditional crystalline photovoltaic technology , thin - film solar panels typically do not use much expensive silicon and can be manufactured at a lower cost .
Chevron has installed panels from Abound Solar of Colorado ; MiaSolé , a Silicon Valley start - up ; Schüco , a German industrial company ; Solar Frontier , a subsidiary of Japan ’s Showa Shell Solar ; Sharp ; and Solibro , a division Q - Cells , a big German solar module maker .
Project Brightfield ’s sole crystalline panel maker is Innovalight , a Silicon Valley start - up that has developed a “ silicon ink ” that it uses to make photovoltaic modules .
“ We hope this is a boost to new technology providers , ” Mr. King said .
For MiaSolé , Brightfield is the start - up ’s first commercial project and the company will supply solar panels that will generate about a third of the facility ’s electricity .
Chevron will test the technologies for three years and decide which might merit use at the company ’s facilities , or by Chevron Energy Solutions , which builds solar power plants and installs solar arrays for commercial customers .
Last month , Chevron announced that it planned to build a one - megawatt concentrating photovoltaic power plant at the tailings site of its molybdenum mine in Questa , N.M.
Such photovoltaic panels use mirrors to concentrate the sun on high - efficiency solar cells but have yet to be widely deployed .
Concentrix Solar , a German company , will supply the technology .
A Silicon Valley start - up , SolFocus , last week announced the construction of the nation ’s first big concentrating photovoltaic power plant in Victorville , Calif .
Chevron has also invested in BrightSource Energy , a solar thermal power plant builder that has contracts to supply 2,600 megawatts of electricity to California utilities .
Mr. King said Chevron is not just evaluating the efficiency of the solar technologies but the total cost of their installation and operation .
“ During the construction of the site , we timed how long it took to construct the panels and we ’ll be looking at the cost of maintaining and operating them , ” he said .
Furthermore , I expect that as the supply of oil declines over time , these symptoms will get worse and worse — even though people may call the cause of the decline in oil use “ Peak Demand ” rather than “ Peak Supply ” .
Let me tell you what I think the symptoms of the arrival of peak oil are
If I were to ask 10 random people what they would expect would be a sign of the arrival of “ peak oil ” , I would expect that all 10 would say “ high oil prices ” .
Let ’s think about what happens when oil prices try to increase .
From the perspective of a consumer who is already spending pretty much all of his income , it seems to me the result is something like this :
What happens is that many of the consumer ’s most necessary purchases tend to be closely tied to the price of oil — things like food and gasoline , and home heating oil .
If the price of these necessities goes up , the consumer is likely to cut back on something else .
One possibility is to cut back on non-essential purchases — not go out to a restaurant , or not buy a new car or higher priced home .
Another possibility , if the consumer is really pressed , is to default on some of the consumer ’s promised debt repayments .
( The increase in the cost of food and gasoline does n’t have to be as exaggerated as shown in the diagram for this effect to take place . )
What effect would cutbacks in discretionary spending and loan defaults have ?
It seems to me that they would look a whole lot like the recession and debt defaults that we have been seeing recently .
It is possible to look at the debt repayment issue another way as well :
As long as resource extraction is growing rapidly , it is easy for economies to grow , because raw materials needed for growth are present in greater and greater quantities .
But when oil — a necessity for nearly all resource extraction and for transportation — is present in lesser and lesser quantities , it is difficult for economies to grow .
Without economic growth , it is much more difficult to repay debt with interest , because the interest payment must come from somewhere .
Economic growth helps provide the necessary margin for these interest payments .
The period we have recently lived through — from1950 to 2005 — was a period of growth in world oil supplies and in the availability of other types of resources using oil for extraction .
Economies in general tended to grow , and economists came to believe that economic growth could continue forever .
But since 2005 , oil production has been flat .
In fact , oil production in 2009 was down over the 2005 to 2008 period .
This lack of growth in oil supplies led to a run up of oil prices ( from $ 42 in January 2005 to $ 147 in July 2008 , before a drop in prices , and another run up in prices ) , and has made it more difficult for economies to grow .
During the time prices were rising , we have seen increasing disruption of the types expected by higher oil prices — loan defaults and recessionary impacts .
The defaults on loans caused by the higher oil prices have had a feedback impact through the system .
When there are loan defaults , banks and other institutions making loans find their balance sheets impaired .
This tends to restrict their willingness to make new loans .
Without ready access to credit , customers cannot make purchases such as new cars .
( Of course , people who have lost their jobs because of recession cannot get credit either . )
This lack of access to credit tends to hold down oil prices — through the mechanism we recognize as reduced demand .
One thing that people tend to overlook is the fact that the historic price of oil back when most of our infrastructure was built was quite low --$ 20 a barrel or less .
So even the prices we are seeing now — in the $ 70 barrel range — are quite high by historical standards .
Prices do n’t have to be extremely high to have recessionary impacts and to cause debt defaults .
I expect that oil prices in the future will increase ( to the extent they do ) in a saw tooth fashion , with a rise to a peak , before additional credit restrictions cause a drop in demand , to a new lower level .
Meanwhile , our leaders will trot around the world , to Davos and other places , looking vainly for the cause of our current financial problems .
If peak oil problems do n’t look like they expect , they must not be there !
Turn your pop cans into cold hard cash by throwing them at a recycling and scrap metal center here in Rocky Mount , NC .
Our business model is dependent on you , the independent contractor or citizen , finding great sources of scrap metal and we do the rest .
Rocky Mount , NC Copper or Bronze Recycling and Scrap Metal Centers
Have a bunch of scrap medal , tin cans , or newspapers you want to get rid of ?
Turn all those junk into cash with the help of our local Rocky Mount , NC recycling and scrap metal center .
Do you need to make a few extra bucks ?
Do you also have thousands of empty beer cans , an Olympic medal , or both , just lying around ?
I know I do .
Good news !
Our Rocky Mount , NC scrap metal center will pay for your garbage .
They pay even more for metals like copper or bronze .
Some people have found it is easy to take the copper out of wires , like from construction sites .
It can mean a big payday for just a little work .
It can also mean jail time , and having to deal with the Teamsters ’ bouncer , Bruno , but what is a good day or night 's work without a little fear and consequence ?
Rocky Mount , NC Recycling and Scrap Material Plants
Our Rocky Mount , NC recycling and scrap metal centers take in your recyclable materials including glass , paper , aluminum cans , copper , brass , bronze , plastic , and more .
Other objects or materials recycling centers will take include carpets , cars , printer and copier toner , computers , televisions , appliances , spouses , and more .
I was just kidding on the spouse thing , but do not think that is because I did not try .
Apparently your spouse has to be made of metal , has to be inanimate at the time of delivery , and there has to be no legal binding between you and the said spouse .
What a system !
Our Rocky Mount , NC recycling and scrap metal centers will take your scraps and give you cash .
Those materials are then sorted and processed and turned into new materials like recycled paper , parts , clothes , and more .
Rocky Mount , NC Unwanted Material Recycling
We can help you clear out your basement , attic , or construction site of unwanted materials and pay you for what you find .
Some recycling centers in Rocky Mount , NC specialize in a small amount of materials such as copper , while others specialize in a variety of materials .
You can also shop around to find out if certain centers pay more than others so you know you are getting the best rate .
If you are a fan of robots and robot production , know that your scrap metal or other recyclable materials in Rocky Mount , NC have a very good chance of becoming robots one day .
We especially like dancing robots and robots that play football .
If you have a certain robot project you would like to see in action , we have the power to make it happen , just do n't quote me on that .
We had a little incident a few years back about creating a robot that performs small pranks , and of course things went a bit too far .
companies , coupons , services , review , businesses , coupon , reviewed , scam , fraud , find , recommended , sued , lawsuit , con-artist , best , discount , cheapest , least expensive , inexpensive , affordable , discounts , same day , 24 hour , report , cheap , price , prices , cost and free .
Photo essays and a comic that includes the first mention of Manhattanhenge .
Monthly essayist for ten years for Natural History magazine under the title Universe .
Wide - ranging commentary on topics as diverse as space policy , science literacy , and other reflections on society .
Select speeches throughout my career .
Select quotes from books and speeches sorted by topic .
After Microsoft confirmed that a hole in its Internet Explorer browser was used in the December cyber attacks on Google and at least 33 other outfits , a trio of security - conscious nations - Germany , France , and Australia - went so far as to warn their citizens against the use of IE .
And that led to a very good week for the likes of Opera and Mozilla .
Following an IE warning from the German government , Opera saw German downloads of its desktop browser more than double .
And in Australia , where a similar warning was issued , its downloads leaped 37 per cent .
Meanwhile , Mozilla saw a " statistically significant rise " in the number of downloads originating from both Germany and France , the third nation to warn against the use of IE .
In the chart below - supplied by Mozilla - the orange area shows an estimated 300,000 extra downloads in Germany over the past four days :
According to a Mozilla spokeswoman , the outfit has also seen an uptick in website traffic from France , but she says the added traffic will take another day to two to register with the outfit 's download stats .
An Opera spokesman tells us that unlike Mozilla , his company has not seen a significant download uptick from the French .
Google declined to provide recent Chrome download stats for such countries , suggesting we check with third - party research firms at the end of the month .
Today , Microsoft said it will release an emergency patch for the IE vuln , but it did not say when .
Typically , Microsoft releases patches on the second Tuesday of each month , but in certain rare situations it will release them " out of band . "
" Given the significant level of attention this issue has generated , confusion about what customers can do to protect themselves and the escalating threat environment Microsoft will release a security update out - of - band for this vulnerability , " George Stathakopoulos , the general manager of the company 's Trustworthy Computing Security group , said in a blog post Tuesday morning .
" We take the decision to go out - of - band very seriously given the impact to customers , but we believe releasing an update out - of - band update is the right decision at this time . "
Microsoft says that attacks against the vuln are only effective on Internet Explorer 6 and that such attacks have been " very limited . "
But independent research says that IE 7 and 8 can also be exploited .
Opera was quite clear on how it sees the matter : " Security issues continue to plague Internet Explorer users , and the latest recommendations from the German and French governments against using the browser are in line with what the security experts have been saying for years . " ®
NASA astronomers have successfully demonstrated that a David of a telescope can tackle Goliath - size questions in the quest to study Earth - like planets around other stars .
Their work , reported in the journal Nature , provides a new tool for ground - based observatories , promising to accelerate by years the search for prebiotic , or life - related , molecules on planets orbiting stars beyond our solar system .
The scientists reported on a new technique used with a relatively small Earth - based telescope to identify an organic molecule in the atmosphere of a Jupiter - size planet nearly 63 light - years away .
The measurement revealed details of the exoplanet 's atmospheric composition and conditions , an unprecedented achievement from an Earth - based observatory .
The surprising new finding comes from a venerable 30 - year - old , 3 - meter - diameter ( 10 - foot ) telescope that ranks 40th among ground - based telescopes -- NASA 's Infrared Telescope Facility atop Mauna Kea , Hawaii .
The new technique promises to further speed the work of studying planet atmospheres by enabling studies from the ground that were previously possible only through a few very high - performance space telescopes .
" Given favorable observing conditions , this work suggests we may be able to detect organic molecules in the atmospheres of terrestrial planets with existing instruments , " said lead author Mark Swain , an astronomer at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif .
This can allow fast and economical advances in focused studies of exoplanet atmospheres , accelerating our understanding of the growing stable of exoplanets .
" The fact that we have used a relatively small , ground - based telescope is exciting because it implies that the largest telescopes on the ground , using this technique , may be able to characterize terrestrial exoplanet targets , " Swain said .
Currently , more than 400 exoplanets are known .
Most are gaseous like Jupiter , but some " super - Earths " are thought to be large terrestrial , or rocky , worlds .
A true Earth - like planet , with the same size as our planet and distance from its star , has yet to be discovered .
NASA 's Kepler mission is searching from space now , and is expected to find several of these earthly worlds by the end of its three - and - a - half - year prime mission .
On Aug. 11 , 2007 , Swain and his team turned the infrared telescope to the hot , Jupiter - size planet HD 189733 b in the constellation Vulpecula .
Every 2.2 days , the planet orbits a K - type main sequence star slightly cooler and smaller than our sun .
HD189733 b had already yielded breakthrough advances in exoplanet science , including detections of water vapor , methane and carbon dioxide , using space telescopes .
Using the new technique , the astronomers successfully detected carbon dioxide and methane in the atmosphere of HD 189733 b with a spectrograph , which splits light into its components to reveal the distinctive spectral signatures of different chemicals .
Their key work was development of a novel calibration method to remove systematic observation errors caused by the variability of Earth 's atmosphere and instability due to the movement of the telescope system as it tracks its target .
" As a consequence of this work , we now have the exciting prospect that other suitably equipped yet relatively small ground - based telescopes should be capable of characterizing exoplanets , " said John Rayner , the NASA Infrared Telescope Facility support scientist who built the SpeX spectrograph used for these measurements .
" On some days we can't even see the sun with the telescope , and the fact that on other days we can now obtain a spectrum of an exoplanet 63 light - years away is astonishing . "
In the course of their observations , the team found unexpected bright infrared emission from methane that stands out on the day side of HD198733b , indicating some kind of activity in the planet 's atmosphere .
Swain said this puzzling feature could be related to the effect of ultraviolet radiation from the planet 's parent star hitting the planet 's upper atmosphere , but more detailed study is needed .
" This feature indicates the surprises that await us as we study exoplanet atmospheres , " he added .
" An immediate goal for using this technique is to more fully characterize the atmosphere of this and other exoplanets , including detection of organic and possibly prebiotic molecules " like those that preceded the evolution of life on Earth , said Swain .
" We 're ready to undertake that task . "
Some early targets will be the super - Earths .
Used in synergy with observations from NASA 's Hubble , Spitzer and the future James Webb Space Telescope , the new technique " will give us an absolutely brilliant way to characterize super - Earths , " Swain said .
Other authors are Pieter Deroo , Gautam Vasisht and Pin Chen of JPL ; Caitlin A. Griffith of the University of Arizona , Tucson ; Giovanna Tinetti of University College London ; Ian J. Crossfield of UCLA ; Azam Thatte of the George Institute of Technology , Atlanta ; Jeroen Bouwman , Cristina Afonso and Thomas Henning of Max - Planck Institute for Astronomy , Heidelberg , Germany ; and Daniel Angerhausen of the German SOFIA Institute , Stuttgart , Germany .
The work was carried out with funding from NASA 's Office of Space Science in Washington , D.C. The NASA Infrared Telescope Facility is managed by the University of Hawaii's Institute for Astronomy .
JPL is managed by the California Institute of Technology for NASA .
Machine drills out a 50 anniversary helmet from a block of aluminum .
Just Wow ...
Owners to snoop on visits to “ extremist websites ” as part of growing Nazi-fication of UK
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Thursday , March 25 , 2010
As part of the lurching advance towards the kind of society that we thought had been consigned to the darkest days of the 20th century , the Nazi-fication of Britain continues with the news that the police are working with Internet cafe owners to spy on users who visit “ extremist websites ” .
“ The intitative is part of the Prevent strand of the government ’s counter - terrorism strategy , which aims to stop radicalisation by winning the “ battle of ideas ” .
Café owners are asked to use their own judgement as to what amounts to extremist material , ” reports the Register .
Of course , since British police are also training the public that using cash , closing your curtains or enjoying your privacy is a potential hallmark of terrorism , the definition of “ extremist material ” will undoubtedly include anti-establishment political websites like the one you are reading right now .
Indeed , major transportation hubs in Britain such as London St. Pancras already censor Prison Planet.com and even mildly political websites , protecting their users from accessing “ extremist ” information that dares to question the motives of our illustrious leaders and the real agenda behind their war on terror .
Arun Kundnani of the Institute of Race Relations described the initiative as “ dangerous ” .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ It … potentially criminalises people for accessing material that is legal but which expresses religious and political opinions that police officers find unacceptable , ” he said .
And that ’s precisely the point .
Creating a chilling atmosphere where people are afraid to express dissent , or merely read about other people expressing dissent , for fear of being labeled a terrorist and shopped to their local bobby by the dutiful thought police .
Using Internet cafe owners to spy on their users ’ browsing habits is just one offshoot of the gigantic program undertaken by MI5 to train 60,000 UK citizens as a civilian network of terrorist spotters .
As we reported last year , staff at rail networks , at airports , shopping centers , public buildings , hotels and sports venues have been trained by MI5 and the police to watch for “ suspicious behavior ” and report it to the authorities .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
As America and Britain sink deeper into militarized police states , society begins to parallel more and more aspects of Nazi Germany , especially in the context of citizens being turned against each other , which in turn creates a climate of fear and the constraining sense that one is always being watched .
One common misconception about Nazi Germany was that the police state was solely a creation of the authorities and that the citizens were merely victims .
On the contrary , Gestapo files show that 80 % of all Gestapo investigations were started in response to information provided by denunciations by “ ordinary ” Germans .
“ There were relatively few secret police , and most were just processing the information coming in .
I had found a shocking fact .
It was n’t the secret police who were doing this wide - scale surveillance and hiding on every street corner .
It was the ordinary German people who were informing on their neighbors , ” wrote Robert Gellately of Florida State University .
Gellately discovered that the people who informed on their neighbors were motivated primarily by banal factors – “ greed , jealousy , and petty differences , ” and not by a genuine concern about crime or insecurity .
Gellately “ found cases of partners in business turning in associates to gain full ownership ; jealous boyfriends informing on rival suitors ; neighbors betraying entire families who chronically left shared bathrooms unclean or who occupied desirable apartments . ”
“ And then there were those who informed because for the first time in their lives someone in authority would listen to them and value what they said . ”
Gellately emphasizes the fact that the Germans who sicked the authorities on their neighbors knew very well what the consequences for the victims would be – families torn apart , torture and internment in concentration camps , and ultimately in many cases death – but they still did it with few qualms because the rewards of financial bounties and mere convenience were deemed more important to them .
There can no longer be any doubt that Muslims and political dissidents are the new Jews .
Anyone who dares to speak truth is now instantly marginalized by the establishment as a crazy conspiracy theorist or a dangerous extremist .
Governments have feverishly exploited staged terror attacks such as 9/11 and the 7/7 bombings to launch a purge against society ’s malcontents in order to eliminate the only roadblocks to their agenda , just as Hitler did after his own adjutants burned down the Reichstag .
They have gone about this by creating an army of tattle - tale informants eager to spy on and report people in their own community under the delusion that they are carrying out a patriotic duty , when in reality they are laying the groundwork for a repeat of the horrors that historically follow when the state is successful in setting the people against each other on such a massive scale .
This article was posted : Thursday , March 25 , 2010 at 6:00 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Readers of this blog , especially those who have long since concluded that partisan politics is useless or worse , can be pardoned if they ’ve avoided reading about or participating in the ongoing dispute over the tentative decision to charge a floor fee to delegates participating in the 2010 Libertarian National Convention .
I think the debate is worth attending to , though , for anyone who cares about the conversation focused on “ thick ” or “ cultural ” libertarianism .
That ’s because more than one participant in the floor fee debate has clearly emphasized that certain kinds of practices in voluntary organizations do n’t seem to fit comfortably with libertarian principles .
Typically , proponents of “ plumb - line ” libertarianism maintain that any conduct that is consistent with the non-aggression principle is unexceptionable from a libertarian standpoint , even if there may be good reason to object to it on other grounds .
Some go even farther , seeming to dismiss objections to conduct that is consistent with the NAP as reflective of essentially arbitrary cultural or æsthetic preferences .
Comments made in the course of the floor fee debate suggest that thoughtful libertarians instinctively disagree .
Thus , for instance , David Nolan observes that he believes “ there ’s a strong INVERSE correlation between a person ’s eagerness to cite Robert ’s Rules of Order and their gut - level devotion to liberty .
RR is a procedural manual , devised to maintain order at large and otherwise unwieldy meetings .
It is not a code of law , and I instinctively distrust anyone who revels in its minutiae . ”
Obviously , any voluntary organization should be free to adopt and follow Robert ’s Rules of Order .
And a critic of thick libertarianism might well say that nothing else really needed saying .
But Nolan ’s comment suggests that he thinks caring about freedom means caring about more than just the baseline question whether disputes are resolved at gunpoint .
Perhaps this is because it ’s hard , psychically , to care about freedom from aggression if one does n’t care about freedom from arbitrary impositions by voluntary organizations , so that cultivating the habit of resisting such impositions is a necessary preparation for resisting aggressions .
Or perhaps a preference for freedom of movement within a voluntary organization flows from the same moral principle or sensibility that grounds opposition to aggression .
Or perhaps the explanation lies elsewhere .
The point is that , as Nolan rightly sees , being a friend of freedom means more than just being an opponent of aggression .
Or consider this set of observations from Carolyn Marbry : “ Does anyone else find it ironic to the point of tragedy that the LIBERTARIAN party is so rule bound and governed to death that it ’s being held hostage by professional registered parliamentarian high priests on this point . . . ?
What could possibly be the problem with leaving this rather important deviation from precedent to be decided by the delegates in St. Louis , rather than ramming it down the throats of the party under the guise of appeal to authority ?
Was n’t this the same group of folks who said that what was done to Lee Wrights was legitimate before the party ’s own judicial committee tossed it out ?
These people are NOT Libertarians ( which , I understand , is why they were consulted in the first place ) , they ’re apparently NOT familiar with our philosophy ( e.g. , opposing taxes and favoring SMALLER government with LESS POWER , power concentrated at the lower eschelons of government if not entirely with the governed rather than at the top … ) . . . . ”
Again : not being “ rule bound and governed to death ” is , Marbry rightly emphasizes , a problem in a voluntary organization , as is “ ramming . . . [ a decision ] down . . . [ people ’s ] throats . . . under the guise of appeal to authority . ”
The basic libertarian political conviction that what matters is “ SMALLER government with LESS POWER , power concentrated at the lower eschelons of government if not entirely with the governed rather than at the top ” is obviously relevant , Marbry realizes , to the ways in which a purely voluntary society operates .
That ’s because , I would argue , an underlying philosophy of freedom comes to expression both in opposition to aggressive violence and in a commitment to giving people in any context as much opportunity as possible to make the decisions that affect their lives , rather than being subject to decisions made by others .
The same point is made repeatedly in related contexts .
One proponent of the floor fee has argued that “ pay as you go ” and “ do n’t subsidize ” are basic libertarian principles — not just limits on the behavior of the state .
And another libertarian stressed to me recently that commitment to a style of party organization reflective of support for Lenin ’s “ democratic centralism ” is itself un-libertarian .
What this admittedly unscientific sample suggests to me is that thick libertarianism is not an exercise in leftist subterfuge : it ’s the common sense of many libertarians , who see no reason to isolate their more narrowly political convictions from their sense of fairness more broadly .
Being a libertarian means more ( though never less ) than being opposed to settling disputes with guns .
It means caring about freedom , and freedom can be suppressed within voluntary organizations and relationships .
Libertarians who are n’t radicals clearly understand that there ’s a non-arbitrary consonance , something that extends beyond mere æsthetic or cultural preference , between libertarian politics and concern for freedom even when it ’s not being infringed on violently .
The point that people snarkily dismiss “ thickists ” for making seems intuitively obvious to ordinary libertarians ( if there are such creatures ) who do n’t spend most of their free time reading Charles Johnson or Kevin Carson or even Kerry Howley .
I think that ’s a good sign .
The figure below , borrowed from Good via Graphic Sociology , is a great example of the way that social problems are not given or automatic , but must be made .
It shows that , in 1998 , gay marriage was not largely a social issue that needed to be addressed at the state level .
Only Alaska had taken a stand on gay marriage .
Somehow gay marriage became a threat .
And , by 2004 , many states had passed resolutions making it illegal .
Note that they needed to do so specifically because the possibility of legal gay marriage had gained support for the first time in ( recent ? ) U.S. history .
This was , essentially , a backlash against gay marriage that proved that pro-gay marriage initiatives were gaining ground , even as states moved to counter them .
The backlash continues through 2009 , with a handful of states saying “ yes ” to gay marriage , creating a conflict that simply did not exist in 1998 .
This is a great example of how social “ problems ” are socially constructed .
Social processes , like activism and media attention , affect what issues gain the attention of the day , whether that be homelessness , nuclear power , teen pregnancy , global warming , or same - sex commitment .
The figure also reminds us that all of those anti-gay marriage laws can be interpreted as progress for the pro-gay marriage effort .
The laws prove that gay marriage is on the agenda .
If a picture is worth a 1000 words , how much of a picture can you fit in 140 characters ?
Mario Klingemann ( Quasimondo on Flickr ) had a fascinating — call it crazy if you like — idea : can you encode an image such that it can be sent as a single Twitter message ( “ tweet ” ) ?
Twitter allows 140 characters , which seems like nothing .
It ’s pretty much guaranteed that you ’ll be able to get nothing meaningful out of so few bits , right ?
Well , he came up with this , using a bunch of clever tricks : using the full Unicode range for “ characters ” ( Chinese , etc. ) to squeeze a few more bits ’ worth , representing colours as blends of just 8 colours ( 3 bits ! ) , and arriving at a Voronoi triangulation through a genetic algorithm :
The one on the right is the real Mona Lisa , and the left one is what fits in 140 characters , specifically the message : “ 圑嘌婂搒孵怤實恄幖戰怴搝愩娻屗奊唀唭嚟帧啜徠山峔巰喜圂嗊埯廇嗕患嚵幇墥彫壛嶂壋悟声喿墰廚埽崙嫖嘵奰恛嬂啷婕媸姴嚥娐嗪嫤圣峈嬻尤囮愰啴屽嶍屽嶰寂喿嶐唥帑尸庠啞彐啯廂喪帄嗆怠嗙开唅恰唦慼啥憛幮悐喆悠喚忐嗳惐唔戠啹媊婼捐啸抃岖嗅怲幀嗈拀唹坭嵄彠喺悠單囏庰抂唋岰媮岬夣宐彋媀恦啼彐壔姩宔嬀 ”
This is pretty impressive , you ’d think , for 140 characters .
But it gets better .
Brian Campbell started a contest on Stack Overflow , and some brilliant approaches turned up .
Boojum wrote a nanocrunch.cpp , based on fractal compression , which can do this ( on the left is the original , for comparsion ) :
by Boojum ( 490 bytes )
Sam Hocevar wrote img2twit , which segments the image into square cells and tries to randomly assign points and colours to them until something is close .
It can do this :
img2 twit by Sam Hocevar ( 250 bytes ? )
You can watch a movie of the image evolving ; it ’s pretty cool !
There were also attempts at converting the image to a vector format and encoding that instead .
Needless to say , it works well for vector - like images :
( almost perfect ! )
but it ’s hard to even convert some images to vector form :
by autotrace ( before compression ! )
Finally , this is how Dennis Lee ’s record - holding “ optimizing general - purpose losy image codec ” DLI does :
Or if you want to be fair and compare at 250 bytes , here ’s img2twit and DLI :
Amazing !
For silly amusement , you can read a liberal translation of the original message , or the Reddit thread with ASCII porn .
Disclaimer : I did not participate in any of this , and I know nothing about image compression , so no doubt there are errors in the above .
Please point them out .
All images are copyright the respective owners , and the quote in the first line is by Brian Campbell on Stack Overflow .
( CNN ) --
If you have problems remembering to take your meds -- or whether you 've taken them already -- some high - tech products on the horizon may be able to help you .
Companies are using wireless technology , the same mechanism by which you use a cell phone or the Internet , to develop devices that monitor whether you took your pills as the doctor ordered , beaming information back to you , your doctor or a designated family member .
In some cases , this requires swallowing a microchip about as thin as a few human hairs .
The concept may sound invasive , but it has the potential to save as much as $ 290 billion annually in increased medical costs .
That amount is lost every year because of people not taking medications as prescribed , according to the New England Healthcare Institute .
Drug adherence is only 50 percent among people with chronic illnesses in developed countries , and in developing nations it is probably lower , according to the World Health Organization .
" The magnitude of poor medication adherence , sometimes labeled ' America 's other drug problem , ' justifies development of technologies that may improve important health outcomes , " said Vicki Conn , associate dean at the University of Missouri School of Nursing , in an e-mail .
One innovation involves a pill that , once ingested , wirelessly transmits information about side effects and how well it 's working .
The product with the most recent buzz in this arena is being developed by Proteus Biomedical , a California - based start - up .
Novartis AG recently invested $ 24 million in Proteus to secure licenses and options on the company 's drug - delivery technologies .
Here 's how it works :
The patient swallows a pill that contains both medicine and an ultra-tiny sensor chip .
This sensor is made of food and vitamin materials , in very small , safe quantities , said Proteus CEO Andrew Thompson .
These materials get activated by the patient 's stomach acid , essentially making the human body a battery , he said .
Then , the chip sends a signal to a waterproof skin patch , akin to a bandage that the person wears .
The patch picks up data about heart rate , body angle , temperature , sleep , and other parameters .
If the patient comes within 20 feet of his or her phone , the encrypted data are sent to Proteus , which processes it and sends it back in a readable form to a cell phone or e-mail account .
Although this has implications for how doctors treat patients , the focus is on the patients themselves and their families taking care of them , he said .
The information that the pill picks up gets shared only with the patient 's permission , he said .
Proteus is working with large technology companies on the privacy aspect of the device , he said .
The pill is in clinical trials for heart disease , hypertension , and tuberculosis patients , and will begin testing in psychiatric illnesses also , Thompson said .
The product should be on the market by late 2011 , Thompson said .
That deadline could realistically be met for one of the conditions the pill is being tested for , especially because of support from Novartis , which has a track record of organizing definitive trials , said Dr. Eric Topol , chief medical officer of the West Wireless Health Institute , a nonprofit organization that tracks the wireless health industry .
" With many illnesses such as oncology and transplantation , compliance is a major issue , with an immediate cost to the system .
From that perspective in terms of outcomes , the value of this kind of technology is clear , " said Joe Jimenez , CEO of Novartis .
Wireless health solutions are a hot area of development when it comes to delivering medication , monitoring physical parameters such as blood pressure , and taking and sending images from inside the human body , Topol said .
" It 's where there 's more going on in innovation in medicine than perhaps any other area , " he said .
Other companies are also looking into microchip - driven wireless medication devices .
MicroCHIPS Inc. in Bedford , Massachusetts , is developing devices such as a long - term implanted glucose monitor that delivers wireless measurements for diabetics .
There is also the Philips ' iPill , a drug delivery system that sends information about health parameters to an external control unit .
There are also wireless monitoring innovations that do n't involve ingesting .
The GlowCap , made by Cambridge , Massachusetts - based Vitality Inc. , helps people remember to take their medication .
The GlowCap is packaging for your pill bottle that flashes orange when it 's time to take your medication , then plays a melody if you have n't taken your medicine within an hour .
It comes with a nightlight that communicates wirelessly with the cap , and also turns orange at pill time .
Vitality sends you -- and anyone else you want to know about it -- a report with how well you stuck to your medication regimen .
Those who forget to take their medicines despite the reminder from the GlowCap will receive a call or text message after a few hours .
The product is being sold on Amazon.com for $ 99 , but the makers envision it as a free add - on to pills distributed at pharmacies , said Joshua Wachman , president of Vitality .
The company has implemented the technology with a transplant drug , a diabetes drug and a hypertension drug , Wachman said .
The GlowCap relates to the finding of Conn 's group 's research that strategies that signal people to take their medicine , such as visual and auditory cues , may help with compliance .
" The devices that provide feedback about the effectiveness of medications , such as physical changes in the body in response to medications , are also likely to be successful . "
Gays in the military ?
Bad for morale and unit cohesion .
Sexual assaults against women ?
Oh well .
It 's a problem , but hey , it 's not that bad a problem .
The Department of Defense released an annual report on Tuesday showing an 11 percent increase in reports of sexual assault in the military over the past year , including a 16 percent increase in reported assaults occurring in combat areas , principally Iraq and Afghanistan .
And in case you think the majority of the 3,230 reports filed were relatively harmless cases -- you know , inappropriate jokes or the occasional playful ass - grab -- actually , no .
In the report , sexual assault was defined as rape , sodomy and other unwanted sexual contact , including touching of private body parts .
It did not include sexual harassment , which is handled by another office in the military .
This is n't a new problem ; in fact , it gets worse every year .
It 's so bad , there 's even a name for it : Military Sexual Trauma .
And the Department of Veterans Affairs offers treatment for it .
Maybe that 's why the military has devoted April to Sexual Assault Awareness Month .
This year 's theme ?
" Hurts one .
Affects all . "
As in , Hey , soldier , you might want to rape that soldierette , but before you do , ask yourself , Is this wrong ?
How much will this bum out my fellow comrades in arms when they have to lie on my behalf because some chick wants to make a federal case out of my raping her in the battlefield ?
Despite its failure to prosecute the vast majority of reported cases , the military has been lauded ( mostly by itself ) for attempting to address this problem .
After all , they give it a Month and everything .
And yet , the numbers increase every year .
Naturally , the Pentagon does n't see it that way .
This 11 percent increase does n't actually represent an increase in incidents , according to the Pentagon , but rather , it 's a reflection of the great work the Pentagon has done to encourage victims of sexual assault to come forward .
Maybe if it increases another 11 percent next year , the Pentagon will throw itself a ticker tape parade .
The Pentagon offered no evidence that reporting rather than sexual assault itself was on the rise in the military , and there have been reports in recent years suggesting that the strains between men and women in close quarters in war zones have exacerbated the problem .
Obviously , the stress of warfare has really taken a toll on the ability of men in the military to resist that all - too - natural instinct to rape the hell out of their female colleagues to blow off a little steam at the end of a long , hard battle .
But fortunately , the Pentagon has a brochure about that .
And we all know the most effective way to combat sexual assault is with brochures .
But despite the brochures , the training , and the special month , the military is largely ineffective at curbing this problem .
A 2007 study found that in more than half of the reported incidents , no action is taken .
Those who do come forward often face retribution and are threatened with criminal prosecution for filing false reports .
Meanwhile , their attackers rarely face charges .
In other words , the military is more willing to lose a female service member who dares to come forward to report a crime than a male service member who actually commits a crime .
Take the case of an Army reserve sergeant in Pennsylvania , who was accused of rape but only convicted of the much lesser crime of indecent assault because none of the soldiers who witnessed the rape would cooperate with the investigation .
( Maybe the Pentagon should look into designating May as How Not to Obstruct a Criminal Investigation Month . )
The sergeant 's lawyer was nonetheless disappointed that he was convicted of anything because , " After all , he did serve his country . "
This latest study makes a mockery of the military 's insistence that unit cohesion , above all else , takes priority in establishing policy .
No panels have been convened , no studies commissioned , to examine whether the military should consider banning straight men .
Where is the Don't Ask , Don't Tell policy to ensure military readiness by excluding rapists ?
In fact , if there 's one thing this latest study makes perfectly clear , it 's that gay members of the military are not the problem .
Or , more accurately , they are only 7 percent of the problem .
Meanwhile , 87 percent of the reported incidents were about men attacking women .
Which means that the medal - wearing bigwigs should focus much less on whether gay members of the military are going to feminize the glories of battle , and instead figure out how to reform the military culture -- a culture that discourages honest reporting , protects the aggressors , blames the victims , and pretends that the biggest concern , when it comes to inappropriate sexual behavior in the military , is not just how many women are attacked , but whether the ones who attack them are gay .
Because apparently , women in uniform think ,
If I 'm gonna get raped while serving my country , please let it not be by a closeted gay man .
' Cause that would really be bad for morale .
Ever since Thomas Frank published his book “ What ’s the Matter With Kansas ? ” Democrats have sought a political strategy to match the GOP’s .
The health care bill proves they ’ve found one .
Whereas Frank highlighted Republicans ’ sleight - of - hand success portraying millionaire tax cuts as gifts to the working class , Democrats are now preposterously selling giveaways to insurance and pharmaceutical executives as a middle - class agenda .
Same formula , same fat - cat beneficiaries , same bleating sheeple herded to the slaughterhouse .
The only difference is the Rube Goldberg contraption that Democrats are using to tend the flock .
First , their leaders campaign on pledges to create a government insurer ( a “ public option ” ) that will compete with private health corporations .
Once elected , though , Democrats propose simply subsidizing those corporations , which are ( not coincidentally ) filling Democratic coffers .
Justifying the reversal , Democrats claim the subsidies will at least help some citizens try to afford the private insurance they ’ll be forced to buy — all while insisting Congress suddenly lacks the votes for a public option .
Despite lawmakers ’ refusal to hold votes verifying that assertion , liberal groups obediently follow orders to back the bill , their obsequious leaders fearing scorn from Democratic insiders and moneymen .
Specifically , MoveOn , unions and “ progressive ” nonprofits threaten retribution against lawmakers who consider voting against the bill because it does n’t include a public option .
The threats fly even though these congresspeople would be respecting their previous public - option ultimatums — ultimatums originally supported by many of the same groups now demanding retreat .
Soon it ’s on to false choices .
Democrats tell their base that any bill is better than no bill , even one making things worse , and that if this particular legislation does n’t pass , Republicans will win the upcoming election — as if signing a blank check to insurance and drug companies could n’t seal that fate .
They tell everyone else that “ realistically ” this is the “ last chance ” for reform , expecting We the Sheeple to forget that those spewing the do - or - die warnings control the legislative calendar and could immediately try again .
Predictably , the fear - mongering prompts left - leaning Establishment pundits to bless the bill , giving Democratic activists concise - yet - mindless conversation - enders for why everyone should shut up and fall in line ( “ Krugman supports it ! ” ) .
Such bumper - sticker mottoes are then demagogued by Democratic media bobbleheads and their sycophants , who dishonestly imply that the bill ’s progressive opponents ( 1 ) secretly aim to aid the far right and / or ( 2 ) actually hope more Americans die for lack of health care .
In the process , the legislation ’s sellouts are lambasted as the exclusive fault of Republicans , not Democrats and their congressional majorities .
Earth sufficiently scorched , President Obama then barnstorms the country , calling the bill a victory for “ ordinary working folks ” over the same corporations he is privately promising to enrich .
The insurance industry , of course , airs token ads to buttress Obama ’s “ victory ” charade — at the same time its lobbyists are , according to Politico , celebrating with chants of “ We win ! ”
By design , pro-public - option outfits like Firedoglake and the Progressive Change Campaign Committee end up depicted as voices of the minority , even as they champion an initiative that polls show the majority of voters supports .
Meanwhile , telling questions hang :
If this represents victory over special interests , why is Politico reporting that “ drug industry lobbyists have huddled with Democratic staffers ” to help pass the bill ?
How is the legislation a first step to reform , as proponents argue , if it financially and politically strengthens insurance and drug companies opposing true change ?
And what prevents those companies from continuing to increase prices ?
These queries go unaddressed — and often unasked .
Why ?
Because their answers threaten to expose the robbery in progress , circumvent the “ What ’s the Matter With Kansas ? ” contemplation and raise the most uncomfortable question of all :
What ’s the matter with Democrats ?
David Sirota is the author of the best - selling books “ Hostile Takeover ” and “ The Uprising . ”
He hosts the morning show on AM760 in Colorado and blogs at OpenLeft.com .
E-mail him at [ email protected ]
Publicity soon propelled Elinor , a blue - eyed , 5 - foot - 3 , curly blond teenager , onto the list of pioneering women in aviation , among them Bobbi Trout , Katherine Stinson , Pancho Barnes , Fay Gillis Wells , Louise McPhetridge Thaden and Amelia Earhart .
On planes provided by corporate sponsors , she began setting records .
In January 1929 she set the women ’s solo endurance record at 13 ½ hours .
Then , three months later she reset it with a 26 ½- hour flight .
In 1930 , she set the women ’s altitude record at 27,419 feet .
Within a year , she reset the altitude record at 32,576 feet .
That flight , in a Bellanca monoplane , nearly cost her her life .
As The World - Telegram reported on March 11 , 1930 : “ The altimeters on the ship registered 30,000 and 32,000 yesterday when she was forced by motor trouble and waning gas supply to return to Roosevelt Field , where she narrowly averted an accident in making a dead - stick landing .
At about 30,000 feet , as the motor sputtered , she lost consciousness .
A mile lower she recovered .
The plane , without her guiding hand , had glided slowly down . ”
In 1934 , Miss Smith became the first woman to appear on a Wheaties cereal box .
She was born on Long Island on Aug. 17 , 1911 , one of three children of Thomas and Agnes Ward .
Her husband of 23 years , Patrick H. Sullivan II , who had been a New York State assemblyman , died in 1956 .
In addition to her son , she is survived by three daughters , Patricia Sullivan , Pamela Sullivan and Kathleen Worden ; five grandchildren ; and four great - grandchildren .
Miss Smith took a long time off from flying after she married .
But nine years ago , at the age of 89 , she was invited to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ’s Ames Research Center in Sunnyvale , Calif. , where she participated in a simulated landing of the space shuttle .
Always vivid in her memory was that day almost 84 years ago when she first soloed .
She was about to climb into a Farman Pusher biplane , she recalled in an interview for a 1998 PBS documentary , “ Daredevils and Dreamers . ”
She thought it was to be just another flying lesson before she went off to school in Wantagh , a nearby town .
“ I was scared silly because Russ ” — her teacher — “ had n’t told me I was going to solo that day , ” she said on camera .
Waving her arm in imitation of her instructor ’s direction , she said he suddenly jumped out of the cockpit and simply told her , “ Go . ”
For a moment she was stunned , then realized that he thought she was ready .
“ I made three landings , ” she said .
“ Then it was time to go back to Wantagh because I had to go to school . ”
On either side of old Highway 218 in far southeastern Iowa , rows of corn are broken to stubble and furrows are filled with ice .
It ’s late December , just days to the caucuses , and the wind knifes across the prairie , so bitter cold that even red - tailed hawks , feathers fluffed for warmth , hunker atop speed limit signs .
Granted , much of what you see here is what you ’d expect : each town with its water tower and circumscribed cemetery , each small farm with its Harvestore silos and propane tanks huddled under leaf - bare oaks .
These are the cliches of the Midwest and the Great Plains — what folks on the coasts call “ the heartland ” when they ’re feeling generous , “ flyover country ” when they ’re not — and like all cliches , there ’s some truth to them .
Iowa is still dominated by the descendants of white European immigrants who showed up here in the 19th century and have farmed this land ever since .
The state , however , is anything but a quaint picture postcard , and when presidential hopefuls descend every four years , glad - handing their way through a string of pancake breakfasts and highway diners with the national media in tow , they risk the ire of the very people they are trying to woo .
And some pay the political price .
Just ask Mitt Romney .
So be warned : Iowans are a tough lot , and they brook no bullshit .
The stereotype of the laconic , weather - beaten Hawkeye is n’t far from the truth .
But spend even a little time here , and you ’ll see why .
From Driftless , published by Duke University Press .
Listen to the photographer introduce himself and his work :
Several years ago , when my wife was pregnant with our son , we went prowling the antique stores of Riverside , just off this same highway , in search of knickknacks to decorate our nursery back in Iowa City .
My wife fell in love with a wooden , handmade barn with a hinged roof that opened to reveal perfectly rowed stalls .
When I lugged it to the counter , the woman who ran the store told me that the toy maker was a local man and would be pleased that we had chosen this item .
His arm had been ripped off at the shoulder in a farming accident only a few years before , and he now passed his time making replicas of the farm he could no longer work .
She did n’t say it to be shocking or to elicit my sympathy ; it was just the way things were , and she was bringing me up to speed .
This is what photographer Danny Wilcox Frazier means when he says , “ Life in Iowa can be punishing . ”
Your livelihood and way of living , your very place on this earth , are in doubt every minute , every day , and generations have grown up with the unspoken understanding that even when you do everything right , everything exactly as you were told , things can still go wrong –too dry and corn can be lost to drought , too wet and soybeans succumb to downy mildew ; sudden blizzards can literally snow cattle under , but muggy weather can spread pseudorabies through hogs .
“ Many Iowans , ” Frazier says , “ endure the hardships associated with a life inextricably bound to the ups and downs of nature . ”
And he should know ; he ’s a lifelong Iowan who , after a few years abroad , made the hard choice to come back , to stay .
There are fewer and fewer like him .
With each successive census , the number of college - educated Iowans declines — not because of a drop - off in the quality of the state universities and community colleges ( enrollment , indeed , is growing ) , but because there are too few jobs to sustain college - educated workers in rural parts of the state .
Especially hard - hit are towns in the immediate orbit of larger urban and cultural centers like Iowa City .
Listen to the photographer talk about his desire to escape :
The places Frazier has photographed — small towns that straddle either side of 218 , like Coppock , Conesville , Kalona , Riverside , Hills , and North Liberty — are daily disappearing , casualties of a generational and economic divide that separates rural and urban classes .
Listen to the photographer talk about this photo :
“ Rural America , ” Iowa native Ted Kooser has written , “ is peopled to a great degree by introverts and is their haven .
If an extrovert is born to the family of one of my neighbors , that child is certain to leave our community upon reaching maturity , packing his or her garrulousness , making a point of saying good - bye at least twice to everybody in reach and leaving the rest of us all the more quiet and , frankly , comfortable . ”
Kooser offers this wisdom with a smile and wink , but there ’s a lot of truth to what he says .
The prairie has always been populated by loners , recluses , and outright hermits .
Hamlin Garland , when his family arrived in Iowa in the 1860s , marveled that his father “ was in his element .
He loved this shelterless sweep of prairie . ”
To survive here , you have to have that gift for living inside of silences , for finding calm within your mind when there ’s nothing from the outside to feed it .
But even in these days when small towns enjoy satellite dishes and cell phones galore , all the technology in the world still ca n’t change the fact of physical distance .
Most parts of Iowa are still an hour ’s drive or more — when the weather is cooperating — from what most urbanites would consider civilization .
Call it what you like .
Brain drain .
Rural flight .
Either way , young people who grew up in the country , especially the best educated and most ambitious , are packing their garrulousness and never coming back .
What is lost is not only the hope and vitality that a new generation brings but also that essential connection between the history of a place and its physical spaces .
Listen to the photographer talk about growing up in Iowa :
Listen to the photographer talk about this photo :
Whole towns are turning into abandoned farmhouses and rusting hay rakes , becoming those unkempt country churchyards where nobody stops to decorate graves and no one recognizes the names of the dead .
Soon , these towns will disappear off maps , fade from the pages of old books .
Soon , a few photographs — a few exquisite images captured on film — will be all that remain to remind us that they ever existed .
Listen to the photographer talk about this photo :
Little wonder , then , that a majority of Iowa caucusgoers told pollsters they were seeking candidates who promised a change from the status quo .
Maybe Iowans , more than anyone , feel this need and , better than anyone , recognize that the face of change wo n’t necessarily be white .
For all the punditry about lily - white Iowa , the survival of its small towns is increasingly dependent on Mexican and other Latin American immigrants .
A town like West Liberty , just southeast of Iowa City , is now more than 40 percent Hispanic — many drawn by the railroad in the 1920s and now by West Liberty Foods , a meat - processing plant that slaughters more than 20,000 turkeys per day .
The effect is unmistakable ; on downtown 3rd Street , for example , pizza joints with names like Paul Revere ’s and Hawkeye Pizza sit cheek by jowl with Mexican places like Buelitos and La Mexicana .
American Legion Post 509 is next door to Acapulco Mexican Bakery , and the local paper sometimes runs stories in Spanish .
That newfound diversity may not always sit easy — some in neighboring towns derisively call it “ Wet Liberty ” — but these small towns will do what they always do : whatever it takes to survive .
Listen to the photographer talk about this photo :
Listen to the photographer talk about this photo :
For now , the sun is sinking as my car nears Iowa City , and the whole of the state is socked in fog .
I know the town of Hills sits just east of the highway , and I ca n’t help but think of Frazier ’s stunning photograph of a lone farmhouse , locked in snowy silence , the only sign of life the smoke spiriting from the chimney and the barn light casting long shadows across the field .
But tonight , even the faint lights of Hills flickering to life are nothing more than ghosts in the mist .
As I turn off old 218 onto Interstate 80 , the fog thickens and spreads , and the traffic turns into an eerie procession of red taillights , haloed in the haze .
I speed west across the black expanse toward Des Moines , all sign of these little towns receding into the dark distance .
Listen to the photographer talk about this photo :
The iPad does n't run Flash .
If your website uses Flash , it wo n't play well on the iPad .
Turns out , a lot of people want their sites to look pretty on the iPad .
So the internet 's already starting to look different .
One of the more interesting effects of the iPhone was that it drove a ton of websites to format their content for the phone in at least of two ways , and often both : iPhone - optimized sites , with more finger - friendly navigational elements that look almost app - like , and actual iPhone apps .
We 're seeing a repeat with the iPad , though the adjustment appears to be less about the screen size than its lack of Flash support , and there 's the fact a lot of sites will be ready on day one .
( Though before we go any further , let 's be clear : Flash is sticking around , for many reasons , regardless of Apple 's opinion of it . )
The NYT , WSJ and NPR are all following the twin attack :
They 're launching iPad - tuned homepages that dispense with Flash entirely , with layouts designed to be held in your hand , like the front page of a newspaper , and they 're coming out with iPad apps .
The WSJ app will run $ 17.99 a month — $ 215 a year — a seemingly ridiculous sum , since subscribing to both the print and online editions is a mere $ 140 .
We do n't know what it looks like .
Interestingly , while we 've seen the most of NYT's iPad app out of anyone ( presumably ) , we do n't know how much it 's going to cost .
NPR 's app is a free iPadded version of its iPhone app .
( BTW , for the a broader take , check out Valleywag 's screed on how Apple 's trying to control news . )
There 's also the video services , which are , in a way , basic internet infrastructure .
YouTube , of course , has been playing with HTML5 for a bit , as has Vimeo , and both have served up iPhone OS - tailored video for a while .
Brightcove , another big video service , used a by lot of magazine sites ( Wired , Slate , Time and NYT ) , is is making its HTML5 powers more widely known , with the " Brightcove Experience for HTML5 , " specifically in response to the iPad , with the NYT and Time listed as customers using Brightcove HTML5 edition , meaning they 'll have iPad - ready video at the get - go .
Not to mention sites like TED now offering Flashless renditions for iPhone OS devices .
And CBS , the only major network not to be on the Hulu boat , is cleverly testing an HTML5 version of its video site , so even though Hulu wo n't work on the iPad right now , CBS will be .
( I imagine it wo n't be very long at all before we do see Hulu though . )
It 's interesting , to say the least , that a device promising to be the best browsing experience — cue Scott Forestall crazy eyes — is in fact reshaping the internet .
You could argue it's for the better , moving sites away from proprietary formats and heavy , resource - sucking designs to more open standards , and more efficient layouts that are easier to use ( as many have , convincingly ) .
And it 's not like Apple has n't been remaking the web already — they 've been hugely involved in web standards with their work on the WebKit rendering engine , which powers Safari , Chrome , and most every decent mobile browser around .
In fact , you could argue , vis-a - vis WebKit Apple 's essentially defined the standards for mobile browsing .
There 's not much of a choice for site designers to follow this , either .
As John Gruber points out , if you care about people on iPhone OS devices — to be clear , that includes the iPad — being able to use your site , you 're going to redesign it , and " if you do n't think people using iPhone OS devices are an important segment of your intended audience , you 're probably wrong . "
The reason the iPad could have a more pronounced effect on the internet than the iPhone actually really is simply because it 's bigger .
The challenge of best displaying your content on the iPhone was n't simply making sure you had a Flash - less site — it was fitting it all into a 3.5 - inch screen , reducing it to the utter essentials to fit the way people use their phones , a task that might 've gone beyond a mobile - optimized site in many cases .
With the iPad , two of the biggest restrictions — the tighter screen , those smaller windows of time — are n't there , so content producers very well might not need an app to fit their content onto the iPad .
In other words , they really can just build a site instead of an app , which is why the iPad might have a more profound effect on the internet than the iPhone .
Especially if Apple manages to sell a bajigagillion of them .
But hey , we 'll see !
In the meantime , there sure are lots of Flashless , HTML5 sites popping up , and we 're bound to hear about more .
The three most recent federal elections have resulted in minority Parliaments .
There are a number of reasons for this .
The Coalition Deserves to Live read more
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners Hurrah !
Tyee Reporter Katie Hyslop Celebrates 10 - Year Tyeeversary
She ’s covered education , youth and housing issues for a decade now , and we ’re lucky to have her .
One : Stephen Harper was able to merge the Reform / Alliance and Progressive Conservative Parties in 2003 , ending the split in right - of - centre votes and the artificial stranglehold over Ontario's Parliamentary representation that the Liberals had enjoyed during the Chrétien era .
Two :
The Bloc Québécois , which first burst onto the scene in 1993 , has turned out to have staying power .
It has garnered between 40 - 49 per cent of the Quebec popular vote and between 40 - 54 seats in most of the six elections since then .
The result is that the Liberal Party , which had been able to count on a strong Quebec contingent when it was Canada 's " governing party " through much of the 20th century , has been reduced to minority status in that province .
Three :
The NDP has come back from its near - collapse in the 1990s and can now count on popular support in the 15 - 18 percent range and between 25 - 40 seats in the Commons .
Four :
The Greens have made their presence felt on the federal scene .
Though they have not been able to elect an MP to date , they have begun to poll something approaching 10 percent of the popular vote .
Harper 's tilted playing field
The split in opposition to the Conservatives -- four parties in Quebec , three in the rest of Canada -- plays beautifully into Stephen Harper 's hands .
Though the electoral vote for the Conservatives hovers around the 35 per cent range , the split in Opposition forces has allowed his party to achieve a plurality of votes and seats in the past two elections .
The same pattern is likely to reproduce itself the next time Canadians go to the polls .
Roughly 65 percent of Canadian voters do not want a Conservative government for a whole variety of reasons -- its contempt for Parliament and for an independent civil service , its poor environmental policy , its gutting of cultural programs , its weakening of Canada 's international position as a respected middle power .
Yet they will find themselves forced to look on as the Conservatives continue to govern the country .
What is to be done ?
At the very least , the caucuses and leaders of the three opposition parties whose principal support lies outside Quebec need to discuss amongst themselves the possibility of not contesting a sufficient number of seats across the country so as not to split the anti-Conservative vote .
Much in common , much to gain
Although the Liberals , the NDP and the Greens have their own policies and programs , there is sufficient common ground amongst them to permit such cooperation .
One possible suggestion would be for the three parties in question to focus on 60 - 80 seats where a three - way split in opposition party votes has allowed the Conservatives to win ridings with fewer than 35 percent of the votes , or come within striking distance of defeating current Liberal or NDP sitting members .
The party with the best - placed candidate in 2008 would then be able to run its candidate , with the others stepping down .
To ensure the Greens some representation , in particular the seat where its leader chooses to run , the other two parties would give its candidate a clear run .
Agreeing to an electoral arrangement of this sort , or some variation thereon , would not mean that a formal coalition among the three parties would necessarily follow an election .
But it would be important that the parties to the arrangement reach a modest set of agreed - upon common policies , even while continuing to differ on others .
Revive the coalition idea
A coalition would be a distinct possibility following an election , particularly if no single party will be able to form a majority government .
There is nothing undemocratic about coalition governments .
British Columbia had a Liberal - Conservative coalition between 1941 - 52 .
Great Britain had a coalition government between 1940 - 45 .
Australia and New Zealand have had coalition governments , as have most West European states , India , Japan , and a host of other countries in recent decades .
On Jan. 23 , 2010 thousands of Canadians took to the streets to protest the proroguing of Parliament by Stephen Harper for the second time in two years .
Those same Canadians and millions more who support their views are looking for a workable alternative to an electoral system that allows a party with little more than a third of the popular vote to ride roughshod over the views of a clear majority of Canadians .
We call upon the leaders of the Liberal Party , the NDP , and the Greens to heed the call for an electoral arrangement amongst them prior to the next federal election .
The owners of Flat Earth Brewing Co. in St. Paul have a problem .
Twin Cities beer drinkers are thirsty for local brews , and Flat Earth — like other metro- area breweries — is having trouble keeping up with demand .
“ It ’s a good problem to have , ” said Jeff Williamson , who owns Flat Earth with his wife , Cathie .
The brewery , which began making beer in St. Paul ’s Highland neighborhood in 2007 , is one of several local brewing companies to hit the scene in the past four years , and together , they ’ve created something of a craft - brewing renaissance in the state .
Just last year , two new brewers opened in the metro area : Lift Bridge Brewery in Stillwater and Fulton Beer in Minneapolis .
They ’ve joined Flat Earth , Surly Brewing Co. in Brooklyn Center , Summit Brewing Co. in St. Paul and local brewpubs in helping kick - start the Twin Cities as a brew town .
And local brewers admit , it ’s not just their doing .
The growth of local craft beers says as much about local beer drinkers as it does the breweries .
“ It just goes to show that there are more and more people in our population that appreciate beers other than ‘ the Great American Lager , ’ ” said Summit founder Mark Stutrud , referring to the popular Budweiser and Coors beer brands .
At the Happy Gnome in St. Paul , which has 70 beers from around the world on tap , beer drinkers come out in full force .
“ Our No. 1 beers are pretty much all locally brewed , ” said Happy Gnome general manager Catherine Pflueger , adding that Surly ’s “ Furious ” is the bar and restaurant ’s most popular beer .
During a recent tour of the Surly brewery , St. Paul residents Jeff Christenson and his wife , Bridget , sampled some of the offerings .
“ For me , the local aspect is a big part of it , ” said Christenson , adding that he buys Surly more than any other beer .
“ I like the flavor , too . ”
While the diversity and taste of craft beer play a role , local pride is a driving force behind the growing popularity .
“ You realize they ’re here , and accessible , and that it ’s not just a robot making your beer , ” said Chip Walton , a volunteer for Surly tours who ’s also a homebrewer .
“ It ’s the beer geeks who drive it , and they feel like they ’re a part of it , ” he said .
‘ A Lot Of Potential ’ /
The nation ’s beer industry is dominated by Anheuser - Busch and MillerCoors Brewing Co .
In fact , only 4.3 percent of the beer sold in the U.S. last year came from the craft brewers , according to the Brewers Association , which defines them as traditional , independent operations that produce less than 2 million barrels of beer a year .
But craft brewers are making gains .
While overall beer sales in the U.S. dropped slightly last year , the industry group said craft - beer sales rose 7.2 percent .
There are some overall consumer trends — buying locally and buying from small and independent brewers — that are benefiting craft brewers , said Paul Gatza , director of the Brewers Association , a trade group for small American breweries .
Minnesota produced about 101,000 barrels of craft beer in 2008 — the equivalent of about 33 million 12 - ounce beers , Gatza said .
A majority of that came from Summit , which last year produced about 87,500 barrels of beer , Stutrud said .
Still , Summit commands only 2 percent of beer sales in the state , he said , calling the market share “ still in its infancy . ”
“ The fact of the matter is that eight out of 10 beers consumed yet today in the country are light American lagers .
There ’s still a lot of potential out there , ” said Stutrud , who started with five employees 24 years ago .
He now has 50 .
‘ Liquid Inspiration ’ / Craft breweries are small - scale , intimate and often innovative operations , according to the Brewers Association .
They tend to incorporate historic styles with a twist of originality .
They sometimes create altogether new styles .
Lift Bridge makes a beer called “ Biscotti , ” which was borne of a Christmas tradition of one of the five owners .
It gets its flavor “ from malts that have a bready characteristic , ” said CEO Dan Schwarz , who calls it “ liquid inspiration . ”
The folks at Flat Earth recently won an award for their “ Grand Design Porter , ” a version of their “ Cygnus X - 1 Porter ” that is made to taste like a liquid s’more .
The beer won the Snowshoe Award last month at the Minnesota Craft Brewer ’s Guild ’s Winterfest .
Surly ’s seasonal brew “ Darkness ” is a “ massive Russian imperial stout ” produced around Halloween that features chocolate , cherry , raisin , coffee and toffee flavors , according to the brewery ’s Facebook page .
“ Each beer has its unique story or birth , ” said Surly owner Omar Ansari .
“ We wanted to brew some unique , uncompromising beers that were filled with flavor . ”
Quality ingredients are key , Ansari said .
The Lift Bridge guys buy as many locally produced ingredients as possible , and one of the owners even grows hops in his back yard .
Many craft brewers got their start in homebrewing , including Ansari , who brewed beer at home for 10 years before he had the idea of going big .
“ I was sitting there drinking a cup of coffee , watching my 2 - year - old pad around , and thought , ‘ I wonder if I could open a brewery . ’
And here we are ( today ) , ” Ansari said .
The five owners of Lift Bridge Brewery in Stillwater started out as a group of buddies with a shared love of homebrewing .
After two years of holding “ brew sessions ” in someone ’s garage — tasting their creations and swapping ideas — they decided to launch their company .
Word - Of - Mouth Is Key /
Many craft beer startups have little or no marketing budget , and rely on word - of - mouth promotion .
“ The mistake some companies make is thinking they need to just spend money on advertising , ” said Trevor Cronk , co-owner and vice president of marketing for Lift Bridge .
“ Self - distribution allows us to tell our story . ”
Ansari , of Surly , said his company relies heavily on social - networking sites like Facebook and Twitter , as well as its own Web site .
“ The Internet has been a big player .
We ’ve never done any advertising or marketing , ” Ansari said .
“ In the beginning , I was just blogging about what we were doing .
It lets you tell your story in the most intimate manner . ”
The Internet also allows beer enthusiasts across the country to connect in a way never before possible .
“ People want to buy our beer in every state in the country , ” he said .
“ How would that have been possible without the Internet ? ”
Ryan Anderson founded the beer blog MNBeer.com in 2005 , after noticing a lack of information about locally produced beers .
He aimed to become a clearinghouse of information for beer enthusiasts , and the site has become a go - to for news about the latest beers and up - and - coming breweries .
“ Since we ’ve started , we ’ve seen huge growth in local beer , ” Anderson said .
“ And for that matter , enthusiasm for local beer . ”
Working Together /
There were more than 30 breweries established in Minnesota before it even became a state , according to Doug Hoverson , author of “ Land of Amber Waters : The History of Brewing in Minnesota . ”
The conditions then were ripe for local breweries : road quality was poor ; trains did n’t reach every town ; local taverns wanted cheap and fresh beer ; and national brands were n’t in demand like today , according to the book .
“ Consumers placed their trust in the discretion of the local merchant to select the best goods rather than in the reputation of the far away manufacturer , ” Hoverson wrote .
Prior to prohibition , 250 breweries were founded in the state .
Nearly 25 breweries resumed or started production when beer was legalized again , but not everyone made it .
From 1975 to 1985 , there were just four breweries in Minnesota , Hoverson wrote .
Today , there are fewer than two dozen breweries and little more than a dozen brewpubs in Minnesota .
But the names and brands of Minnesota beers that persevered are still well - known , like Grain Belt , Hamm ’s , Stroh ’s and Pig ’s Eye , many now being made by other breweries .
The August Schell Brewing Co. in New Ulm is the longest - standing , and is celebrating its 150th anniversary this year .
Summit has been around for more than 20 years and is known among local brewers as a trailblazer in the revitalization of craft beer .
The rising number of local breweries is n’t hurting Summit , said Stutrud , who added that local breweries are going to have to work together to grow the market .
It ’s the kind of cooperation appreciated by startups , said Flat Earth ’s Williamson .
“ Stutrud … pulled me aside before we even brewed drop one here and said that if we ever needed anything — people , ideas , raw materials — call and they would help us out any way they could , ” Williamson said .
The breweries ’ growth largely will come from turning on local beer drinkers to their products .
“ We want to grow here at home , ” Stutrud said .
“ I did n’t start this brewery to ship beer to Boston or Seattle . ”
“ We can be profitable and we can be very successful without having to be national , ” he said .
Suds Samples
In addition to the growing number of bars and liquor stores carrying Minnesota brews , local beer festivals are good opportunities to discover the area ’s offerings .
At the 2010 Firkin Fest last weekend at the Happy Gnome in St. Paul , an estimated 2,400 people tasted dozens of small - batch beers — many of them local .
The festival is named for the “ firkin ” — a small keg where cask ale is fermented .
Of the 10 awards given out at the festival , seven went to Minnesota breweries , with Lift Bridge Brewery taking home the “ Golden Firkin ” — the festival ’s best - of - show award — for their “ Chestnut Hill ” nut brown ale .
On May 7 , local beers will be on tap at Family Tree Clinic ’s 10th annual Arborfest on the campus of Macalester College .
Visitors can sample more than 50 regional beers and wines at the event .
And this summer , beer lovers are expected to flock to the second annual St. Paul Summer Beer Fest at Midway Stadium .
The June 20 event — which sold out beforehand last year — likely will have beer from more than 60 breweries .
The Beer Dabbler event July 17 at Highland Fest in St. Paul also will be serving regional craft beers .
More information can be found at familytreeclinic.org / arborfest , stpaulsummerbeerfest.com and thebeerdabbler.com /highland .
“ Battery life ” is the quantity of time your gadget runs before it should be re-energized .
“ Battery life expectancy ” is the quantity of time your battery lasts up until it should be replaced .
Make the most of both and also you ’ll obtain one of the most out of your Apple devices , no issue which ones you own .
In this post we ’re going to explain why your iPhone battery dies so fast , and the recommend 14 iPhone battery life saving tips .
Now , I used to work in an Apple Store and people would come in all the time of this problem .
99 % of the time , this problem is caused by the iPhone software .
There ’s nothing wrong with the physical battery inside your iPhone .
So we would always run these battery checks .
They ’d come back positive that the battery was okay , and then I ’d show them how to do these tips and people would leave and they ’d have much better battery life .
So that ’s what we ’re going to show you howto do today .
Our first battery saving tip is Push Mail : Turn push mail from Push to Fetch .
So with push mail , your iPhone maintains a constant connection to your email server , and your iPhone is always asking that server , ” Is their mail ?
Is their mail ?
Is there mail ?
Is there mail ? ”
So instead of having that happen , we can change your iPhone from Push to Fetch .
That way , we decide how often your iPhone checks to see if there ’s new mail or other updates .
Sure .
So , how do we do that ?
Well first , let ’s open up the Settings upon your iPhone .
Scroll down to Accounts & Passwords .
Tap Fetch New Data .
First thing we ’ll do here is turn off the switch next to Push at the top of the screen .
Now , how often should we fetch new data on your iPhone ?
And the answer is up to you .
But generally , every 15 minutes is what I choose .
Yes .
Because instead of your iPhone constantly asking the server , “ Is there new mail ? ” we tell the iPhone to just check every 15 minutes , and that ’s frequent enough for me .
And you can always just open up your mail app , and then the mail will automatically fetch .
Exactly .
Yep .
So I ’ll tap every 15 minutes , that small checkmark will appear , and now you switched your mail from Push to Fetch .
Well done .
So , let ’s go back to the main Settings menu on your iPhone .
Back to accounts , back to Settings .
And our next iPhone battery life saving tip is we ’re going to take a look at Location Services .
Now , Location Services are one of the things that makes the iPhone so great to use .
It ’s the GPS .
It allows your iPhone to know where it isin the physical world .
So I ’m not saying you should turn off Location Services entirely , because that would just be a drag .
Instead , we ’re going to identify the Location Services that are using battery in the background of your iPhone and apps that do n’t need to have Location Services turned on .
Perfect .
In the Settings app , we ’re going to scroll down to Privacy .
Privacy .
And then we ’re going to tap Location Services .
Okay .
Now as I said , you can turn off Location Services at the top .
I do n’t recommend doing that .
Instead , I want you to look through this list of apps and identify which ones need to know where you are .
Ask yourself for each app , “ Does this app need to know where I am ? ”
If the answer is no , turn off Location Services for that app .
Well , I know for sure that Apple Watch Faceswap does not need to know my location , so I tapped on it , and I ’m going to tap never .
That blue checkmark will appear and now Location Services is not on for the Apple Watch Faces app .
So in the left hand side of the Location Services Settings that you choose for each app , you ’ll see these little arrows sometimes .
So let ’s take a look at the list of arrow sat the bottom of the screen here , and we ’ll start at the bottom one .
A gray arrow means that this app has used your location within the last 24 hours , and remember that that ’s going to drain your battery life .
So be aware of those apps .
The second one from the bottom is a purple arrow , and that means that that app is using your location right now .
So be careful of those apps , especially if you see that .
And then there ’s the hollow purple arrow , and that indicates geofencing .
Geofencing is one of those Location Services features that lets your iPhone know when it has entered or when it has left a certain location .
So you could say , “ Hey iPhone , remind me topic up groceries when I leave work today . ” And so your iPhone is going to keep track of where you are and where you work , and as soon as you leave , it ’s going to remind you to go buy groceries .
The problem with that is for the feature to work , your iPhone has to constantly be tracking your location at work .
And so this type of Location Services ; this geofencing is the number one offender in my experience of iPhone battery drain .
So if you can , I recommend just not using this feature .
So the last place we need to look in this part of the Settings app is under system services .
So go ahead and tap on that .
So here we have a list of Location Services that affect the operating system of your iPhone .
For instance , compass calibration , Emergency SOS , and then there are some nefarious ones here like Location - Based Apple ads , location - based suggestions for apps , setting time zone .
If you ’re not traveling through different time zones , you do n’t need to have this on .
I recommend going through this list , and turnoff pretty much every one .
I ’m going to turn off Cell Network Search , right , Compass Calibration .
I ’m going to leave on Emergency SOS actually , in case I need that .
Find my iPhone , definitely leave that in case you lose it .
Home kit , I do n’t need that .
Location - based alerts :
Those are the things when you ’re going to leave work , it ’ll alert you .
Now , a lot of people will ask , “ Does this mean my iPhone will not connect to cell phone networks ? ”
It will still work .
Great .
So , Apple ads — turn that one off .
Suggestions off .
Motion calibration and distance ?
I mean , unless you ’re using your iPhone as a pedometer , you probably do n’t need that one .
Setting time zone ?
I ’m not traveling .
Share my location ?
Definitely do n’t want that one .
Wi - Fi calling ?
I will leave that on , because I use Wi-Fi calling .
And Wi -Fi networking ?
I ’ll turn that one off .
More Battery Drainage – Stop It
Now , another place where battery drain is hiding is in Significant Locations , which used to be Frequent locations .
So tap on that .
Face ID confirmation .
So your iPhone has the capability of tracking you everywhere you go .
That ’s fun .
So let ’s take a look at your list here .
A lot of New York ones .
I actually just went on a trip Upstate a little bit recently , and I got a lot of locations here .
Right .
But who needs it ?
Not me .
Yeah , we do n’t need to keep track of our locations .
Let ’s turn off significant locations entirely .
Tap the switch .
Now it ’s off .
Those locations are gone .
Right .
Back to system services .
So here at the bottom of the menu .
we see product Improvement .
This is going to send data from your iPhone to Apple developers .
We do n’t need to be doing this .
So let ’s just turn off iPhone analytics , popular near me , routing & traffic , and improve Maps .
It ’s their job to figure that stuff out .
We do n’t have to waste our battery telling them that stuff .
So that pretty much wraps up Location Services .
It ’s a long step but it ’s really great for your iPhone ’s battery .
Let ’s go back to the main Privacy menu on your iPhone for the next tip .
So , we ’re in privacy now .
Scroll down to the bottom and you ’ll see analytics .
Tap on that and then share iPhone Analytics :
This means that your iPhone is periodically going to send data about the way that you use your iPhone to Apple and other app developers so that they can develop fixes .
Not something your iPhone needs to be doing in the background , because it ’s doing extra stuff ; it ’s draining your battery life .
So let ’s just go ahead and turn that off .
Off .
Yep . iCloud analytics ?
Let ’s turn that off .
And then all these other ones :
If you set it , turn it off .
Turn it off .
It ’s gonna save your battery life .
So our next iPhone battery life saving tipis Close Out Your Apps .
Now , this is kind of a controversial topic .
A lot of people say it makes a difference .
A lot of people say it does n’t make a difference .
As an Apple tech with experience working with hundreds of iPhones , I can tell you definitively that this does make a difference .
And the reason is that sometimes apps do n’t work the way that they ’re supposed to .
Apps are not perfect .
The App Store is not perfect .
Developers are not perfect .
So what this does is it prevents those problems from happening .
So first we need to open the app switcher on your iPhone and then close out of the app .
So to open the app switcher on iPhone 8 or earlier , double press the Home button .
i Phone X : swipe up from the bottom of the screen , pause in the center .
So now we ’re in the app switcher .
i Phone 8 and earlier : swipe them up and off the top of the screen .
Yep .
iPhone X : Same thing .
You have to press and hold first until those little red minus buttons show up , and then swipe them up and off the top of the screen .
You might have 40 apps open .
This is going to save your iPhone battery life , in spite of what other people say .
It works .
Totally .
Apple ’s iPhone replacement batteries are reportedly in stock without delays
Our fifth iPhone battery life saving tip into turn off the Notifications that you do n’t need .
So Notifications are those little pop-ups that appear on your iPhone from time to time .
Now , Notifications can sometimes be good , like text messages .
We want to find out when people are sending us text messages , so we ’ll leave Notifications on for that .
However , there are other apps that may be alerting you and they do n’t need to be .
For Notifications to work , however , that app needs to be running in the background of your iPhone , just to pay attention to whether it needs to alert you .
So by turning off Notifications for apps that do n’t need to alert you from time to time , you ’re gonna save battery life .
So I ’ll open up the Settings app , scroll down and tap on Notifications .
Now take a look through your list of apps here .
Ask yourself , “ Does this app need to be able to notify me when something happens on my iPhone ?
Do I need a pop- up alert ? ”
If the answer is no , turn off Notifications for that app .
So let ’s go ahead and take a look through yours .
All right , let ’s see .
I do n’t need any notification from the Mr. Time app .
Yep .
So when you open this menu , just turn of fallow Notifications at the top .
There are ways to customize the Notifications that you get on your iPhone , but it ’s easier just to turn them all off .
So just tap back to Notifications of the upper left - hand corner of the screen .
Take a look through this list , and turn off Notifications for apps that do n’t need to notify you from time to time .
So what ’s our next iPhone battery life saving tip ?
Next , we ’re going to turn off widgets you do n’t need .
You can see here why it ’s so hard to replace your iPhone battery in more details .
What to do now if your iPhone ’s battery still wo n’t make it through the day
Widgets are the little mini apps that run on your iPhone and give a little snippet of information about what ’s going on inside that app .
And how do I get to see which widgets are running on my iPhone ?
Well , you can swipe left to right on your home screen until you reach this menu with a few widgets .
I ’ve got the batteries widget , ESPN widget , and the weather widget .
To turn off any of these widgets , just tap that circular edit button and then tap the red minus button next to the widget you want to remove .
Widgets are mini-apps .
Like David just said , they ’re always running in the background .
By removing these , we ’re cutting down on the number of apps that are running in the background of your iPhone and saving your battery life .
Yeah .
Just tap remove again , and then tap done in the upper right - hand corner of the screen , and that weather app widget is gone .
It ’s gone .
Simple .
So what ’s our next iPhone battery life saving tip ?
Our next tip is to turn off your iPhone once per week .
Your iPhone is a computer .
It ’s a little tiny computer that you carry around in your pocket .
If you were to leave a computer on that ’s plugged into the wall forever , it would slow down eventually .
It ’s important to turn off your computer and turn it on every once in a while .
Same thing goes for your iPhone .
How do we do it ?
Well , iPhone 8 or earlier , press and hold the power button until slide to power off appears .
Swipe that power icon left to right to shutdown your iPhone .
i Phone X is a little bit different .
Press and hold the side button and the volume down button .
Slide to power off appears .
Slide it .
Your iPhone ’s off .
Wait a few seconds , and turn it back on .
So our next is to turn off Background App Refresh for apps where you do n’t need it .
Background App Refresh is kind of like Notifications but it is a little different .
It allows your iPhone apps to download new content in the background , even when you ’re not using your iPhone .
And that uses your battery life .
So let ’s head to the Settings app , and then to General , and then down to Background App Refresh .
Tap on that .
And now , ask yourself , “ Which of these apps need to be able to download new content in the background of my iPhone when I ’m not using them ? ”
A lot of them for me , honestly .
I usually turn off these switches pretty much every single time .
So go through the list and turn it off for almost all your apps .
That ’s what I do .
That ’s what David does .
Yup .
So if you would like to still go ahead and fix the battery yourself check this out .
How to maximize battery performance
So our next iPhone battery life saving tip is : keep your iPhone cool .
Apple designed the iPhone to function most efficiently between 32 degrees Fahrenheit and 95 degrees Fahrenheit .
When you start to go above 95 or below 32 , you can run into problems .
So just like your dog , do n’t leave your iPhone in hot car .
You should know that extreme heat can damage your iPhone battery permanently .
And that ’s no good .
Cold temperatures , however , will drain your iPhone battery temporarily , but it wo n’t cost any permanent damage .
It will come back to life as soon as it warms up .
So be especially careful about hot temperatures .
Our next tip is to make sure auto - lock is turned on .
Auto - lock is a feature that turns off the iPhone screen after a certain amount of time .
If you do n’t have it turned on , your iPhone screen can stay on forever in your pocket .
That ’s no good .
Not at all .
How do we turn it off ?
Let ’s tap back to General in the upper left - hand corner , and back to Settings .
Then scroll down to Display & Brightness , and then here we ’ll see auto - lock .
David has “ Never ” turned on right now , and why do you have that turned on ?
But he ’s always careful to turn it off after we do this .
I would never leave auto - lock to never in any other circumstance , except for recording YouTube videos .
Never say never — except in this circumstance .
So we ’ll tap on Auto - Lock and just select something other than never .
I usually choose two to three minutes .
It ’s a good balance between 30 seconds and five minutes .
I ’m more of a two - minute guy myself .
Blue checkmark will appear .
You ’re all set .
So our next iPhone battery saving tip is : Turn on reduce motion .
Now the visual effects on your iPhone ; and any gamer will tell you this ; are one of the primary reasons why iPhone batteries die so fast .
Your iPhone is a computer , as I said before , and it has a little graphics processor inside .
And that ’s what ’s responsible for all those little fancy animations that happen .
But every time an animation happens , it ’s draining your iPhone battery .
So a lot of the time , we can turn off these features and you wo n’t even notice a difference .
So , how do we do it David ?
Well , we ’re going to tap the back to display and brightness and back to Settings .
And then we ’re going to tap on General , tap accessibility , tap reduce motion , and turn on the switch next to reduce motion .
You ’ll know it ’s on when it ’s green .
So David , let ’s show them how it works .
So I ’ll swipe up and go back to the home screen .
Right .
And instead of having a fancy animation where the app gets swiped up and animated , it just fades into the background .
It does n’t really affect the way you use your iPhone , but it can save battery life .
I usually leave reduce motion on and I have never noticed a difference .
So our last iPhone battery life - saving tipis DFU restore your iPhone .
Now , before you decide to do this , make sure you live at the changes that we ’ve suggested for at least a few days , because a lot of the time , you will have fixed the problem just by changing these settings in the Settings app .
However , if your iPhone battery still continues to die too quickly , you may have a deeply - rooted software problem that only a DFU restore can solve .
A DFU restore removes everything from your iPhone and then puts it back on again .
So make sure you have either an iTunes backup first or an iCloud backup .
Let ’s show them how to do an iCloud backupreal quick .
Right .
Well , let ’s open up the Settings app , and go back to the main Settings page by tapping these back buttons .
And then we ’re going to tap on my name at the top of the screen .
Obviously , it ’s going to be your name on your iPhone .
Unless your name is David Lynch .
That ’d be a coincidence .
Yeah , interesting .
Tap iCloud , scroll all the way to the bottom to iCloud backup .
David has this feature turned off .
Make sure this is turned on .
Make sure that switch is turned on .
Start iCloud backup ?
Okay .
So this can take a while .
iCloud backups do happen automatically , as long your iPhone is plugged in overnight , connected to Wi-Fi , and the screen is off .
It ’s a good feature just to have on .
Yeah , and then once that iCloud backup isset , check out DFU video .
So that pretty much wraps up our list of iPhone battery life saving tips .
Now , what should we do if we ’ve done all this stuff ; we ’ve done the DFU restore and we ’re still having a problem ?
You might be in that 1 % that needs their battery replaced .
Go to your local Apple Store or check out Puls , an on - demand repair company .
They ’ll send a tech to you and replace your battery on the spot .
But before you do that , make sure you ’ve tried all these tips , because a lot of the time , people pay for these battery replacement sand nothing changes .
It ’s because it is the software that is causing this problem !
Hopefully your battery is better .
Among Us on PC – How to Complete Every Task in the Skeld Map
Quick Navigation Admin Room Cafeteria Communications Electrical Engines MedBay Navigation O2 Reactor Security Shields Storage Weapons Among
Us is the latest party game to hit the market , becoming an overnight sensation due to its exciting deception - based gameplay and potential for hilarious antics when playing with both friends and strangers alike ....
Previous | Next Lenny's Acid Trip Posted at : 2010-03-09 10:46:33 Original ad :
Do not Use Lenny the Mechanic :
He has an ad on here for car repairs and I asked him to fix my blown head gasket .
He showed up to my house , broke a bunch of parts and left .
He has been avoiding me ever since .
DO NOT USE THIS GUY .
Lenny , if you are reading this , you owe me an explanation .
From Me to ***************@***********.org :
Hey ,
My apologies for bailing on your car .
I know I have been hard to contact ; I lost my phone and had to get a new e-mail address .
Please let me know if there is anything I can do to make it up to you .
Lenny
From **********@gmail.com to Me :
You could start by explaining yourself ...
From Me to **********@gmail.com :
Well , I was pretty baked when I showed up , and I had just eaten a bag of shrooms and taken three hits of acid .
I thought I would be able to fix your car before the shrooms and acid kicked in , but I was wrong .
While I was disconnecting the sensors , I started tripping pretty hard .
At one point it looked like the intake manifold was laughing at me .
I freaked out and bashed it with a socket wrench , and then ran back to my car and got the hell out of there .
I 'm not sure what happened after that .
The next thing I remember is waking up naked in a church confessional booth two days later .
When I got back to my house , the State Police were there and told me they found my car abandoned in a car wash about 50 miles away .
Needless to say , it has been a crazy weekend for me .
That is why I was unable to fix your car .
From **********@gmail.com to Me :
Uh ... not sure what to take from all that .
You deemed it a good idea to take drugs before working on my car because ... why ?
From Me to **********@gmail.com :
Honestly I forgot I had to work on your car .
I remembered after I took the shrooms and acid .
Once I get my car back from the police , I should be able to come over and finish working on your car .
Oh by the way , sorry about the dump I took on your lawn .
I was too embarrassed to go inside and ask to use the bathroom because it would have been obvious that I was tripping .
From **********@gmail.com to Me :
Unbelievable .
I do n't want you to do any more work on my car .
I do want you to pay for the damage you did to my car .
If you do n't , I will take you to small claims court .
From Me to **********@gmail.com :
Whoa man , why are you being such a dick ?
Not cool .
If anything , you should be paying me .
I seriously fucked up my hand when I hit your intake manifold with the wrench .
It feels like I fractured it .
I do n't have any health insurance , and seeing as I got injured under your employment , I think you are obligated to pay for my medical bills .
From **********@gmail.com to Me :
Not a chance in hell .
I think all those drugs you took fried your brain - you 're fucked in the head if you think any of this is acceptable .
If you do n't pay the damages , we are going to have a problem .
From Me to **********@gmail.com :
I have another eighth of shrooms I can give you ... will that cover it ?
From Me to **********@gmail.com :
I 'll take that as a yes ?
Previous | Next Share Showing comments 1 - 25 .
View all comments Dian Thibault ( 2019-02-17 20:14:43 )
Why would you pay hundreds of $ $$ for SEO and SPY tools when you can have 65 + tools for $ 27 or $ 47 / month ?
We have a promo deal now - only for the next 20 customers .
Hurry !
Very limited time deal !
https://spytools.win/
P.S. This email is not m Minerva ( 2017-06-08 04:10:07 )
Nike Giants 87 Sterling Shepard Royal Blue Team Color Mens Stitched NFL Elite Jersey .
We are professional Cheap Oregon Ducks Jersey supply nfl shop thanksgiving day sale with good reputation , buy Replica wholesale NBA jerseys cheap from china is a avattixSityfish69 ( 2017-03-11 19:02:05 )
< p>That has a franchise you inherit " the system " which often likely cost millions of dollars such as mistakes to perfect .
Rollover Accidents
Based on statistics , around one - third of all fatal accidents resulted coming from rollovers .
Some of avattixSityfish89 ( 2017-03-11 06:32:45 )
< p>Because you would agree , there are not the same factors that could damage and hurt your pet dog ?
s paws and legs .
At long last , if you intend in order to breed Yorkies , you must realize that females will surely have problems delivering because of avattixSityfish06 ( 2017-03-07 16:05:58 )
< p>Most are the benefits note when you read an article submission review and whenever you make your final final decision .
In the observation of Indian economist and even Nobel laureate Amartya Sen - there is n't a such thing as a good apolitical f avattixSityfish79 ( 2017-03-07 03:21:18 )
< p>Physician accident solicitors realise that certain claims be handled with great sensitivity and not only work towards developing compensation , but also help support the buyer throughout these difficult situations .
To be able to grow your business , avattixSityfish65 ( 2017-02-25 08:34:07 )
< p>It does not take foundation of wealth , in which will generate monetary once you invest right .
All we to do is always make sure the sky has the suitable luggage .
Get out just after the sun comes up and hike for a couple of hours .
What you want to do avattixSityfish65 ( 2017-02-24 13:26:36 )
< p> These days , almost each one folks is registered on social traffic bandwagon .
Just remember - do n't ask him if he'd like a cigarette .
People will be at your business precisely the same way as your substances .
That ?
s important to find the bes avattixSityfish64 ( 2017-02-23 23:02:13 )
< p>Perhaps will help you physicians and nurses to have steps to modify the direction they handle these cases in the future .us MySpace Comments Losing weight For Men : Five Big Mistakes
You may well be Making Lots of men are making no less than one of avattixSityfish77 ( 2017-02-19 01:39:56 )
< p>Owning this basic groundwork instilled , because a child arrives in college , he or she contains a good overall understanding and then a much higher confidence level in with the ability to assimilate and compete along with peers .
In addition , the SV avattixSityfish42 ( 2017-02-18 11:36:52 )
< p>Pattern Rights ?
like Trademarks these come by means of registered and unregistered privileges , and may be there to protect someone copying your design .
Roberts is amongst Santa ?
s little elves , helping to make your Christmas magical .
This sort of n avattixSityfish04 ( 2017-02-17 16:55:59 )
< p > " Catharsis : " You know what 's scary to a lot of people when they find physical fitness .
Deal with it , copywriting is do n't assume all about aesthetically pleasing tongue , it is about gross sales .u . s . MySpace Comments Baby Slee avattixSityfish41 ( 2017-02-17 04:15:22 )
< p> The actual aim of the popup advertising should be to attract more web traffic to the promotional website .
By livescan technology , applicants for the file must undergo practise of fingerprinting .
It is very important to do a little research before s avattixSityfish13 ( 2017-02-16 11:35:00 )
< p>About the Author John Lee would be the creator and owner of among the Internet 's most popular video review and trailer webpages .
Irrespective of where your interests may sit , a Walt Disney Environment vacation surely has something suitable for Henrietta ( 2017-02-01 00:11:59 )
wholesale replica soccer jerseys -
We are professional Cheap Nba Jersey China supply cheap nfl jerseys 101 with good reputation , buy Replica wholesale NBA jerseys cheap from china is a chance .
I love what you guys are up too .
Such clever work and Ismael ( 2017-01-30 14:21:49 )
cheap nba swingman jerseys - Visit the official Jerseys store of the NFL , NHL , NBA , MLB , soccer , NCAA , supply Cheap Throwback Jerseys from China .
Discount all kinds of barcelona jersey cheap , free shipping .
What 's up to all , the contents existing at Linh ( 2017-01-13 05:31:40 )
Dammit Lenny .
Samuelvor ( 2016-10-21 14:50:14 )
Please word : Launch footwear are internet and cell only releases , which means no telephone - in orders will be processed .
Offset with white accents provided by its three stripe motif on the aspect panels and midsole unit , the sneaker is rounded out with ref Tricia ( 2016-03-09 21:38:07 )
ทำไมไล่ตาม youtu . be ด้วยว่างานวางตนที่ดินต่อต้านซักถามอเมริกันเจ้าหล่อนอยาก youtu.be จะเห็นประจักษ�
Terry ( 2016-03-05 07:27:31 )
ชีวิตปริมาตรของใช้แขน
Www.Msn.In.th พร้อมด้วยหลักยึดตอนกลางชูคุณช่วยเหลืออุดหนุนประดิษฐกรรมบังเ
August ( 2016-03-02 13:20:56 )
เธอที่จะชำระล้างเพราะ youtu.be งานงัดคนช่วยคู่ขนานของไถ่ถามเรื่องเบ็ดเตล็ด youtu.be ทำให้ดีขึ้นเล� Dwain ( 2016-03-01 04:34:26 )
มีการเข้าตีเช่นกันไม่มี
Abraham เจ้าหล่อนเผยกับผู้เพ่งภายหลังงานเอ่ยปากถิ่นปีเตอร์สันปกสถาบ
Keeley ( 2016-02-29 15:20:26 )
ข้อกล่าวหาสิ่งของการ youtu.be จัดการว่าด้วยการคัดค้านบริษัทคดีสัมพันธ์ youtu.be สิ่งของพร้อมทั้งผู�
Loyd ( 2016-02-23 19:58:50 )
ที่สิ้นสุดการรบราฆ่าฟัน สมัครจีเมล ประทับใจปกป้องพ่วงพีและพลั้งเผลอวางแผนอ้วนรอนใหญ่ สม Valentina ( 2016-02-12 07:23:35 )
นั่นคือสิ่งแห่งมีอยู่คติพจน์
Www.Pirch98.org นางงามบ้านภายในวอชิงดีชิงเด่นหนึ่งพันกิโลกรัมชุมพลอ�
View all comments
Overview
The first - rank DVD to iPhone Suite , composed of DVD to iPhone Converter and iPhone Video Converter , enables you to convert homemade DVD movies to MP4 , MOV and M4V that iPhone can recognize .
In addition , iPhone Video Converter assists you to convert video files like MKV , MXF , FLV , AVI , MTS , WMV and more to iPhone compatible video formats with ultrafast speed and extraordinary video quality .
The audio files can also be extracted from homemade DVD movies and videos , and then you can save them as MP3 , AAC , AC3 , M4A , etc for playback on iPhone .
This almighty DVD to iPhone Suite is equipped with creative editing functions for you to customize the source DVD and videos .
Also , the video and audio settings are adjustable on your own wish .
It 's the professional yet easy - to - use package tool to convert homemade DVD and video to iPhone .
Convert homemade DVD and videos to iPhone without any limitation DVD to iPhone Suite is a good choice for you to rip homemade DVD movies and convert video files to iPhone , thus you 're able to enjoy the DVD movies on iPhone anytime you want .
With this versatile DVD to iPhone converter suite , you 're able to get satisfying videos for playback on iPhone .
Besides the powerful conversion function , it 's also a fabulous video editing tool to adjust video effect , trim video length , crop video frame , join several video files into a new single file and add text or image watermark to the video .
What 's more , you 're able to adjust the video and audio settings like video encoder , audio encoder , sample rate , frame rate , resolution , video bitrate , etc to meet your needs .
Additionally , you can preview and snapshot of the video as well as convert batch videos to iPhone in the fastest speed .
Get the best video effect for your iPhone With this DVD to iPhone Suite , you can adjust the brightness , contrast , saturation , hue and volume for the video .
In the preview window , you can see the differences between source and target video files .
Drag the slide bar of each parameter to get your ideal video effect .
Trim and merge video files at will
If you just need a part of the video , it 's pretty easy with Trim function .
Drag the slide block to set the start time and end time to get the proper video length .
In addition , Merge function enables you to put several video clips into a new single file for a successive enjoyment .
Crop the video frame for the video Sometimes the iPhone screen is not perfect for the video frame and the black edges appear when playing the videos on iPhone .
Four options including keep original , crop area , 16:9 and 4:3 are available for you to cut off the black edges .
After the conversion , you 're able to enjoy the videos on iPhone very comfortably .
Add text / image watermark to the video
In the watermark editing window , you 're able to add text / image watermark to the video .
You can write you mood of that moment , add your signature or write your comment for the video .
When you play the videos on iPhone some days later , your memories when shooting the videos are still fresh .
What 's more , you can add image watermark to the video at will .
Modify video and audio settings
This DVD and video to iPhone Converter allows you to modify the video and audio settings , like video encoder , frame rate , resolution , aspect ratio , video bitrate , audio encoder , sample rate , etc to meet your needs .
Fast speed and fantastic quality
With the advanced acceleration technology , you can convert homemade DVD movies and videos to iPhone with the unmatchable speed .
In addition , the output video is also quite incredible .
You can have an eye feast with your iPhone .
Best User Experience for you Though it 's very professional in converting homemade DVD and videos to iPhone , it 's very easy to use for anyone .
In addition , it supports batch conversion , so you 're able to get multiple video files at one time .
All in all , it 'll offer you the best user experiences .
Screenshot
Reviews
Finally I can play my DVD movies on iPhone .
The output video quality is quite good .
So far I 've encountered no problem .
- Sarah
Reference
OS Supported : Windows 10 , Windows 8/8.1 , Windows 7 , Windows Vista , Windows XP ( SP2 or later )
Hardware Requirements : 800MHz
Intel or AMD CPU , or above ; 512MB RAM or more
Peter Lindbergh has n’t shot for Vogue for eighteen years , but plans to start again .
In 1992 , he switched from Vogue to Harper ’s Bazaar , but recently met with Anna Wintour and Grace Coddington , who asked him to rejoin the fold .
“ It was like you are the black sheep in the family , and your older brother asks you to come home , ” he told WWD .
But will Lindbergh bring anything new to Vogue ’s pages ?
“ Fashion photography has gotten a little lost .
There is a lot of carnival going on .
The hair has gotten too crazy and the make - up .
At the moment , everybody is trying to do young .
They have to look young or dress young .
Youth is so overdone , ” he said .
“ All the advertising and magazine covers today — they do n’t look like natural women .
For me , that ’s a real pity .
There ’s all this retouching .
A little humanity would do good , especially in fashion photography . ”
Wise words , but Vogue loves retouching .
And crazy hair .
And , well , plenty of things that do n’t look natural .
But so do all magazines .
We would love to see Lindbergh do more unretouched spreads of women with no makeup , like the one he did of supermodels for Harper ’s Bazaar .
Peter Lindbergh ’s High Profile [ WWD ]
The UN has yet to respond to Israel 's decision to reprimand the officers , and it remained unclear whether the relatively mild punishments would calm concerns that the military is not capable of investigating itself .
Fwd : HP Windows installer 2010 .1.0.0 RC1
Progress on the Windows installer .
Can Windows users ( around 40 % of Platform users ) help out Mikhail by testing and reporting bugs ?
http://trac.haskell.org/haskell-platform/ -- Don -----
Forwarded message from Mikhail Glushenkov < the.dead.shall.rise at gmail.com >
----- Date : Wed , 24 Mar 2010 01:05:48 +0100 From : Mikhail Glushenkov < the.dead.shall.rise at gmail.com >
To : Don Stewart < dons at galois.com >
Cc : haskell - platform at community .haskell.org
Subject : Windows installer 2010 .1.0.0 RC1
Hi , I 've uploaded the candidate 2010 .1.0.0 installer to http://code.haskell.org/~refold/HaskellPlatform-2010.1.0.0-setup.exe
It has two known serious issues : * cabal - install version is 0.8.0 , which is known to be buggy on Windows ( I could n't compile the darcs version ) .
* regex - posix does n't work .
The error is described in [ 1 ] , and I have n't found out how to fix it yet .
On the bright side , HP on Windows now comes bundled with WinGHCi . [ 1 ]
http://www.mail-archive.com/haskell-cafe@haskell.org/msg51787.html -- ( ) ascii ribbon campaign - against html e-mail /\ www.asciiribbon.org - against proprietary attachments
-----
End forwarded message -----
For additional assistance , please visit our Help Center
Please verify your username and password and try your login again .
If you can not remember your username and / or password , try our Lost Password utility to retrieve them .
Please Try Logging in Again .... click here .
PASADENA , Calif . -- The human brain is a big believer in equality -- and a team of scientists from the California Institute of Technology ( Caltech ) and Trinity College in Dublin , Ireland , has become the first to gather the images to prove it .
Specifically , the team found that the reward centers in the human brain respond more strongly when a poor person receives a financial reward than when a rich person does .
The surprising thing ?
This activity pattern holds true even if the brain being looked at is in the rich person 's head , rather than the poor person's .
These conclusions , and the functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) studies that led to them , are described in the February 25 issue of the journal Nature .
" This is the latest picture in our gallery of human nature , " says Colin Camerer , the Robert Kirby Professor of Behavioral Economics at Caltech and one of the paper 's coauthors .
" It 's an exciting area of research ; we now have so many tools with which to study how the brain is reacting . "
It 's long been known that we humans do n't like inequality , especially when it comes to money .
Tell two people working the same job that their salaries are different , and there 's going to be trouble , notes John O'Doherty , professor of psychology at Caltech , Thomas N. Mitchell Professor of Cognitive Neuroscience at the Trinity College Institute of Neuroscience , and the principal investigator on the Nature paper .
But what was unknown was just how hardwired that dislike really is .
" In this study , we 're starting to get an idea of where this inequality aversion comes from , " he says .
" It 's not just the application of a social rule or convention ; there 's really something about the basic processing of rewards in the brain that reflects these considerations . "
The brain processes " rewards " -- things like food , money , and even pleasant music , which create positive responses in the body -- in areas such as the ventromedial prefrontal cortex ( VMPFC ) and ventral striatum .
In a series of experiments , former Caltech postdoctoral scholar Elizabeth Tricomi ( now an assistant professor of psychology at Rutgers University ) -- along with O'Doherty , Camerer , and Antonio Rangel , associate professor of economics at Caltech - - watched how the VMPFC and ventral striatum reacted in 40 volunteers who were presented with a series of potential money - transfer scenarios while lying in an fMRI machine .
For instance , a participant might be told that he could be given $ 50 while another person could be given $ 20 ; in a second scenario , the student might have a potential gain of only $ 5 and the other person , $ 50 .
The fMRI images allowed the researchers to see how each volunteer 's brain responded to each proposed money allocation .
But there was a twist .
Before the imaging began , each participant in a pair was randomly assigned to one of two conditions :
One participant was given what the researchers called " a large monetary endowment " ( $ 50 ) at the beginning of the experiment ; the other participant started from scratch , with no money in his or her pocket .
As it turned out , the way the volunteers -- or , to be more precise , the reward centers in the volunteers ' brains -- reacted to the various scenarios depended strongly upon whether they started the experiment with a financial advantage over their peers .
" People who started out poor had a stronger brain reaction to things that gave them money , and essentially no reaction to money going to another person , " Camerer says .
" By itself , that was n't too surprising . "
What was surprising was the other side of the coin .
" In the experiment , people who started out rich had a stronger reaction to other people getting money than to themselves getting money , " Camerer explains .
" In other words , their brains liked it when others got money more than they liked it when they themselves got money . "
" We now know that these areas are not just self - interested , " adds O'Doherty .
" They do n't exclusively respond to the rewards that one gets as an individual , but also respond to the prospect of other individuals obtaining a reward . "
What was especially interesting about the finding , he says , is that the brain responds " very differently to rewards obtained by others under conditions of disadvantageous inequality versus advantageous inequality .
It shows that the basic reward structures in the human brain are sensitive to even subtle differences in social context . "
This , O'Doherty notes , is somewhat contrary to the prevailing views about human nature .
" As a psychologist and cognitive neuroscientist who works on reward and motivation , I very much view the brain as a device designed to maximize one 's own self interest , " says O'Doherty .
" The fact that these basic brain structures appear to be so readily modulated in response to rewards obtained by others highlights the idea that even the basic reward structures in the human brain are not purely self - oriented . "
Camerer , too , found the results thought provoking .
" We economists have a widespread view that most people are basically self - interested , and wo n't try to help other people , " he says .
" But if that were true , you would n't see these sort of reactions to other people getting money . "
Still , he says , it 's likely that the reactions of the " rich " participants were at least partly motivated by self - interest -- or a reduction of their own discomfort .
" We think that , for the people who start out rich , seeing another person get money reduces their guilt over having more than the others . "
Having watched the brain react to inequality , O'Doherty says , the next step is to " try to understand how these changes in valuation actually translate into changes in behavior .
For example , the person who finds out they 're being paid less than someone else for doing the same job might end up working less hard and being less motivated as a consequence .
It will be interesting to try to understand the brain mechanisms that underlie such changes . "
###
The research described in the Nature paper , " Neural evidence for inequality - averse social preferences , " was supported by grants from the National Science Foundation , the Human Frontier Science Program , the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation , and the Caltech Brain Imaging Center .
# 25 : Relativity by M. C. Escher
Relativity , by M. C. Escher , 1953
This analysis copyright Scott M. McDaniel , 2010 .
The Image
Click here to see a larger version .
Man , I love M. C. Escher ’s stuff !
I know I ’m hardly alone in that , but I thought I ’d get it out of the way right in the beginning .
And Relativity is one of my favorites .
In college I had a poster of it , and I ’d bring in dorm - mates after they ’d been drinking too much and sit them down in front of it saying , “ Look at this , man ! ” OK , college humor .
A few years back the National Gallery of Art in Washington DC had a showing of Escher ’s work .
Something that really caught me by surprise was how much you could see on the actual pieces that does n’t show up even in the good quality , coffee table books of Escher ’s work .
Sure , he ’s known for the perspective tricks , tessellation , and space warping , but he ’s also a great artist and draftsman .
I love Relativity because of the wonder and imagination , but it ’s also a great example of things like lighting and defining mass and form .
We ’ll look at all of these things in this analysis .
The Perspective
Escher uses three point perspective for Relativity .
That ’s not too unusual .
When you ’ve got three vanishing points they form a triangle .
Usually when we use three point perspective two of the vanishing points are on the horizon and the third is either above ( the zenith ) or below ( the nadir ) .
In Relativity Escher played with this concept .
Because he set up the vanishing points as an equilateral triangle , it meant he could build a structure in perspective that did n’t look distorted if you changed the horizon from one side of the triangle to the others .
Here ’s a preparatory drawing that he did to work out the vanishing points .
( From The Magic Mirror of M. C. Escher by Bruno Ernst . )
In the actual version , these vanishing points are about two meters outside the picture ’s borders .
The first perspective most of us notice is the one with the vanishing point triangle ’s horizon at the bottom and the zenith directly above .
It ’s only natural , that ’s how we usually see the world .
The other two orientations , though , treat the other lines of the triangle as the horizon .
Let ’s spin the picture to see what it looks like when each of the other sides serves as the horizon .
Rotating the basic triangle counter - clockwise we have :
Rotating it clockwise we have :
The building , stonework , and doors all appear to make visual sense from any of the three orientations .
It may not make logical sense to put a door in the floor , but visually we can see that it does n’t look distorted .
The three points are just three points .
Assigning “ up ” and “ down ” happens in our heads – at least when it comes to the building .
One other thing to mention – my first assumption was that the triangle of stairs at the core of Relativity ’s composition was one of those impossible shapes that Escher uses so well in other pieces .
It ’s not .
It does n’t need to be because the structure is n’t an impossible one .
To prove the point , if you have n’t already seen it , here ’s a link to Andrew Lipson ’s Lego version of Relativity .
When it came to the people , Escher had to go ahead and choose an up and down for each one .
Regardless of their orientation , though , none of the figures appear stretched or pinched .
They make visual sense too .
This is all possible because the vanishing points form an equilateral triangle .
The Lighting
What initially fascinates us about this picture is the illusion of three “ ups ” and the way they ’re all mixed in together .
Working out the perspective is n’t enough , though .
If Escher had n’t given the scene a sense of depth , mass , and solidity Relativity would n’t have nearly the impact it does .
Values and shading are critical to this sense , but how do you handle light sources in a scene with three different horizons ?
He could have used sculptural lighting – a general non-defined light source , kind of like being outside on a cloudy day .
Instead , though , Escher chose the three outside areas as light sources and then added two others to help with the composition .
Here are the light sources in Relativity .
The light coming from the outside makes sense .
In fact , we even see the sun itself ( or a sun symbol , anyway ) through one of the windows .
There ’s another light source that I find curious – it ’s the most enigmatic in the whole picture .
See the guy who has just come up the staircase from a basement carrying a sack ?
He ’s lit from the front and is about to walk off down a hall , heading into the light .
Where is that light coming from ?
What ’s down that hall ?
The space down there would seem to be a tunnel beneath a sidewalk or perhaps a chimney above the sun .
I ’ve indicated that light source and one other with yellow in the graphic above to show that those sources are more ambiguous than the daylight coming through the three windows / porches .
One of the effects of that mystery light is to create a nice curve of sharp contrast in the upper center of the picture .
Our eyes can follow that arch in either direction and we end up traveling around the picture in many loops .
That curve of contrast , though , is critical to getting us started , and it depends upon an unseen light source that seems to come from some other dimension .
The Lines
Now that we know where the light sources are we can look at the shading Escher used to create forms that look solid .
He uses lots of cross hatching and feathering in both the figures and the structures .
In just about every case we can see that the direction of those shading lines acts as a contour map that indicates a 3D shape .
Here are some examples .
This is the guy at the bottom of the picture in it ’s normal orientation .
He ’s our gateway into the image and our viewpoint character .
He ’s lit most strongly from the front right , although the window with the sun and tree provides secondary lighting .
Let ’s look at the hatching on the figure ’s legs , back , and head .
They all clearly follow the figure ’s form like a contour map or wood grain , which helps us see it as a rounded shape rather than a flat one .
Now notice the white outline on the left side of his legs .
That lines up well with the secondary light source and keeps the form of the legs crisp .
As the lines wrap around the legs their number and thickness drop away until we have a highlight on the right side of the legs corresponding to the strongest lighting .
There is a thin outline to the figure on that side – most noticeable on the arm and head .
The line their symbolizes an edge .
On the darker side of the head and arm , though , there is no outline .
Just an edge , chiaroscuro style .
Escher follows this general approach on all of the figures , using both lighting and the direction of the hatching lines to define the form .
Now let ’s look at the the guy in the center with the sack , emerging from the basement .
This time let ’s focus on the texture and shading of the walls .
Escher uses a basic cross - hatch to give them a mid-value grey .
Going “ down ” that stairwell we see that the lines get thicker to produce a darker tone .
There are n’t more lines , though , just thicker ones .
For the most part the hatch lines point to one of the three vanishing points .
Despite the fact that they ’re the same grey tone it ’s easy to tell which way the walls are going .
In the arch in the lower corner of the picture , we can see some hatch lines pointing to a vanishing point down and to the left .
On the side of the arch , though , we see the hatch lines curve to follow the arch ’s form .
They start off headed toward the zenith but then bend around to the left where they thicken into darkness .
Now we ’re in the upper left corner of the picture .
Here ’s an interesting lighting choice .
Why are the walking figures so much lighter than the one with his hands on the balcony ?
We can see from the shadow that the light is coming from the couple ’s right side .
Logically I ’d think that the shadows on them should be nearly as strong on them as on the other figure , but he ’s much darker .
I think the main reason is that Escher wanted to push them into the background detail and bring the other figure forward .
A second reason could be that there ’s reflected light from the building on the walking couple but not on the single figure .
Here ’s a final detail of the couple at the table in the right of the picture .
Once again , see how the shading and lines wrap around the forms .
I believe this shading and linework is just as important to the illusion as the perspective .
Without the impression of solidity and mass we ’d get the idea about the perspective intellectually but it would n’t seem as real and powerful as this version does .
The Elements
To wrap up we ’ll go through Lee Moyer ’s Elements of a Successful Illustration .
Focus :
The initial focus is just about in the center – it ’s the guy walking vertically up the wall carrying the sack .
After that , the strong contrast curve above him begins to move our eye around the picture where it is supposed to wander and take in the contradictory details .
Composition and Design : Like most of Escher ’s work , it ’s got a strong theoretical and geometric design .
The core pattern is a triangle of stairs that ’s a flipped version of the unseen triangle of vanishing points .
( Unseen because they are beyond the border of the drawing . )
Palette : Greyscale , defined through hatching .
Value : Escher carefully controls the light source and value to enhance the illusion of 3D , solid figures moving around a spacious interior .
Mass : Defined through value and line direction .
Texture : Escher uses the hatching to produce a clear texture formed from cross-hatching in the walls and structures .
He wraps the lines around the figures to produce a wooden texture on them .
Symbolism :
Why do you suppose that Escher did n’t give the figures individual identities ?
Perhaps he did n’t want to distract us from the main idea of the painting .
Maybe , from a certain perspective , people are interchangeable .
Micro / Macro : Escher chose not to draw every stone in every wall .
The texture takes care of most of that .
There are stones in the archways over the doors , however .
For the most part , though , lots of detail would distract us from looking at the perspective paradox .
Ornament :
There is only minimal ornament .
The figures wear a loincloth of sorts , but you wo n’t see knobs on the stair rails or other decorations .
They ’re not the point .
Narrative : A story is n’t the point here , but there are a few hints .
The walking couple have their arms around each other .
There seems to be a servant or waiter .
Is the guy with the sack on his shoulder stealing something or just retrieving it .
We do n’t know the answers , but we have enough information to pose the questions .
Juxtaposition :
The main juxtaposition here is the perspective itself .
Stylization : Normally I talk here about how people handle lines and shapes .
Like Magritte , though , a key part of Escher ’s style is how he thinks and presents us with an image .
We see something that , try as we might , we just can not take for granted .
While he often did lithography , prints , and woodcuts , Escher ’s most identifiable style is a sense of awe and wonder .
Character :
Like the narration comment above , we see only enough about these figures to make some assumptions and ask questions .
Tension :
The tension here is a perceptual one .
We know that there ca n’t be more than one “ up ” in a single scene , yet there we see it before us .
We feel compelled to resolve the problem .
Line : Discussed above .
Research / Reference : I showed the preparatory drawing above , and I got to see more of them for other works at the Escher exhibition at the National Art Gallery a few years back .
Rest assured that he did not produce these images from the air on his first try .
Vignette :
While the lighting is critical , there is not a single silhouette that is key to the picture .
The core of it , however , is the triangle of stairs in the center .
Perspective :
There are three vanishing points set in an equilateral triangle .
Pick any two and you will see evidence of the line between them as a horizon line .
It ’s the foundation of the drawing .
That ’s it for this time .
Next time we ’ll venture into multimedia and symbolism with David Mack .
This is one of those things that we need to pay more attention to .
Thank
God there are people out there that at least keep up with this stuff .
Especially when you consider how important this is to our most basic of rights …
FREEDOM !
H/T to FS for keeping me up to date on what ’s going one with The Tenth Amendment .
“ The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , norprohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people . ”
************************************
Gio-
Nullification : It ’s Official .
by Derek Sheriff
While speaking to a large crowd of over a thousand people on the campus of Arizona State University last December , Congressman Ron Paul mentioned one thing that might come about as the result of the federal government habitually ignoring the Constitution : Nullification .
About five minutes into the video segment which you ’ll find below , he said , “ There ’s not much attention paid to the Constitution in Washington .
There ’s not much attention paid to it by our executive branch of government .
And we do n’t get much protection from our courts .
So one thing that might finally happen from this if the people finally feel so frustrated that they ca n’t get the results out of Washington —
They ’re going to start thinking about options .
They might start thinking about nullification and a few things like that . ”
As someone who attended that rally and was doing my best to represent my state ’s chapter of The Tenth Amendment Center , I know I cheered very loudly and was very pleased when the rest of the crowd applauded enthusiastically .
For anyone who is unfamiliar with the concept of state nullification , it was the idea expressed by then sitting vice president , Thomas Jefferson , when he authored what came to be called the Kentucky Resolutions of 1798 .
The resolutions made the case that the federal government is a creature of the states and that states have the authority to judge the constitutionality of the federal government ’s laws and decrees .
He also argued that states should refuse to enforce laws which they deemed unconstitutional .
James Madison wrote a similar resolution for Virginia that same year , in which he asserted that whenever the federal government exceeds its constitutional limits and begins to oppress the citizens of a state , that state ’s legislature is duty bound to interpose its power to prevent the federal government from victimizing its people .
Very similar to Jefferson ’s concept of nullification , Madison ’s doctrine of interposition differed in some small but important ways .
These two documents together came to be known as The Virginia and Kentucky Resolutions ( or Resolves ) , of 1798 .
Both were written in response to the dreaded Alien and Sedition Acts , and the phrase , “ Principles of ‘ 98 ″ became shorthand for nullification and / or interposition .
Over time , “ The Principles of ‘ 98 ″ would be invoked by many other states , many times for a variety of issues .
Getting back to Ron Paul ’s speech in December at ASU , Congressman Paul qualified his prediction about the revival of nullification by saying the following :
“ But my suspicion is that there will never be official nullification or secession , but if the [ federal ] government continues to fail , and they ca n’t deliver anything .. checks bounce .. that we will be forced to take care of ourselves .
And we will be forced to almost ignore everything they do . ”
Less than a week after the speech I attended at ASU , Congressman Paul was interviewed by Mike Church on his radio show .
When Mike asked him what his thoughts were on nullification , Ron Paul responded by saying :
“ I think it ’s a great idea .
It was never really successful in our history .
But I think it ’s going to grow in importance .
And I think it ’s going to grow because the government , the federal government will be seen as inept and ineffective .
And I think it ’ll almost be de facto in the sense that the states will eventually just ignore some of the mandates . ”
Here I would like to pause for a moment and point out that I am not usually in the business of disagreeing with Congressman Ron Paul .
I would hardly need one hand to count the number of times that I have actually disagreed with him on any issue of real substance .
I am a great admirer and supporter of Congressman Paul , who is undoubtedly very supportive of the idea of state nullification , even if he has doubted its efficacy in the past .
However , in spite of all this , I would like to make two observations .
First , nullification has , in fact , been somewhat successful in the past and more recently as well .
Second , as President Obama loves to say , “ Let me be clear ” : “ Official ” nullification has ALREADY HAPPENED .
Before I explain why “ official ” nullification has already happened , let me briefly give some examples of what nullification is NOT .
Nullification is not secession or insurrection , but neither is it unconditional or unlimited submission .
Nullification is not something that requires any decision , statement or action from any branch of the federal government .
Nullification is not the result of obtaining a favorable court ruling .
Nullification is not the petitioning of the federal government to start doing or to stop doing anything .
Nullification does n’t depend on any federal law being repealed .
Nullification does not require permission from any person or institution outside of one ’s own state .
So just what IS “ official ” nullification you might be asking ?
Nullification begins with a decision made in your state legislature to resist a federal law deemed to be unconstitutional .
It usually involves a bill , which is passed by both houses and is signed by your governor .
In some cases , it might be approved by the voters of your state directly , in a referendum .
It may change your state ’s statutory law or it might even amend your state constitution .
It is a refusal on the part of your state government to cooperate with , or enforce any federal law it deems to be unconstitutional .
Nullification carries with it the force of state law .
It can not be legally repealed by Congress without amending the US Constitution .
It can not be lawfully abolished by an executive order .
It can not be overruled by the Supreme Court .
It is the people of a state asserting their constitutional rights by acting as a political society in their highest sovereign capacity .
It is the moderate , middle way that wisely avoids harsh remedies like secession on the one hand and slavish , unlimited submission on the other .
It is the constitutional remedy for unconstitutional federal laws .
With the exception of a Constitutional amendment , the federal government cannot oppose ( except perhaps rhetorically ) , a state ’s decision to nullify an unconstitutional federal law without resorting to extra-legal measures .
But such measures would more than likely backfire , since most Americans still affirm that might does not make right .
There is no question as to whether or when “ official ” nullification will happen :
It has ALREADY HAPPENED .
In fact , not only has it happened recently , it has been a success !
Perhaps this is why the federal government hopes you will never hear about it .
According to the Tenth Amendment Center :
“ 25 states over the past 2 years have passed resolutions and binding laws denouncing and refusing to implement the Bush - era law [ REAL ID Act ] .. While the law is still on the books in D.C. , its implementation has been “ delayed ” numerous times in response to this massive state resistance , and in practice , is virtually null and void . ”
But that ’s not all ; another example of “ official ” nullification has occurred in the form of an unlikely states ’ rights ally : Medical marijuana .
There was a time when the federal government took the Constitution seriously enough that Congress did what is required in order to enact a nationwide ban on a substance .
Even though the experiment would eventually be seen by most Americans as a mistake and a failure , the 18th Amendment was passed and the era known as “ Prohibition ” began .
Four years later , it was repealed .
When it came to marijuana prohibition , however , the feds had another trick up their sleeve .
All three branches of the federal government would agree on a very novel , liberal interpretation of the “ commerce clause ” which would allow them to regulate virtually any substance , including marijuana , even though there ’s supposedly no “ legal ” commerce in the plant .
Since that time , the federal government has managed to claim , with a straight face , as it were , that a plant grown in your back yard , never sold , and never leaving your property , is somehow able to be completely banned by the federal government under the interstate “ commerce clause . ”
The only problem with their claim is that the states just are n’t buying it .
Fourteen states have actively refused to comply with federal laws on marijuana , and it looks as if six more are about to join the effort .
In a recent blog post , Mark Kreslins observes :
“.. medical marijuana now poses a real threat to the enforcement power of the Federal Government .
With state after state defying Washington DC over this issue ..
Washington DC has a choice to make ; enforce their laws based on a very liberal interpretation of the Commerce Clause by sending thousands of DEA agents into all fifty states … or … look the other way .
Thus far , they ’ve chosen to look the other way for if they create the appearance of a Federal takeover of police powers in the States , they will fully expose their extra-constitutional behavior and provoke a direct confrontation with the States who will use the 10th Amendment ( hopefully ) to defend their prerogatives . ”
Whatever your view may be regarding marijunana use , medical or otherwise , one thing is apparent : “ Official ” nullification has happened , and it works !
Washington will have to get used to it .
What remains to be seen , however , is whether in addition to “ officially ” nullifying unconstitutional federal laws , state governments will be willing to use their power to “ officially ” interpose themselves between agents of the federal government and the people of their state .
In the unlikely event that one or more branches of the federal government decides to take extra-legal measures to punish residents of a state for exercising their constitutional rights in defiance of unconstitutional federal laws , will that state ’s government have the courage to hamper or even neutralize such extra-legal measures ?
There are a whole host of peaceful actions that a state government can adopt if that day comes or appears to be just over the horizon .
These measures range from county sheriffs requiring that federal agents receive written permission from the sheriff before acting in their county , to setting up a Federal Tax escrow account , which could potentially de-fund unconstitutional federal activities by requiring that all federal taxes come first to the state ’s Department of Revenue .
Besides state interposition , the other thing Washington would have to consider , is whether enough of their agents would actually obey orders to punish people for exercising their constitutional rights .
There is a significant chance that enough of them would either publicly or privately decide in advance to ignore such orders .
As the probability of this increases , it becomes more likely that Washington will not risk overplaying its hand .
The reality is that Washington just does n’t have the manpower to enforce all their unconstitutional laws if enough states choose to defy them .
Of course , it all depends on the people of the several states : ordinary people like you and I .
Although I ’ve discovered that there are more elected representatives at the state level who are committed to acting in a courageous and principled manner than I ever dared hope , most of their peers lack such a brave commitment .
Most of them will stick their head in the sand or sit on the fence until they determine which way the wind is blowing .
And so it ’s our opinion , not the opinion of the American people in aggregate , but our opinion as citizens of our respective states , that will influence the decision of our state representatives to either stand tall or to kneel down and knuckle under .
But do you even know the men and women who represent you ?
I ’m not talking about those who represent you in Washington , but rather in Phoenix , Salem , Sacramento , Salt Lake City , Denver , Austin , Oklahoma City , Tallahassee , Atlanta , Nashville , Richmond , Harrisburg , Indianapolis , Columbus and Springfield .
If you do n’t know them , and you care about our republic , you should make it your highest priority to get to know them and establish rapport with them as soon as possible .
For any of you who really want to preserve our union , and at the same time retain your rights guaranteed by the Bill of Rights , I ca n’t say it any better than 2008 presidential nominee of the Constitution Party , Chuck Baldwin :
“.. it is absolutely obligatory that freedom - minded Americans refocus their attention to electing State legislators , governors , judges and sheriffs who will fearlessly defend their God - given liberties .. as plainly and emphatically as I know how to say it , I am telling you : ONLY THE STATES CAN DEFEND OUR LIBERTY NOW ! .. this reality means we will have to completely readjust our thinking and priorities . ”
Derek Sheriff is an ex-Green Beret turned activist and the State Chapter Coordinator for the Arizona Tenth Amendment Center .
Copyright © 2010 by TenthAmendmentCenter.com .
Permission to reprint in whole or in part is gladly granted , provided full credit is given .
Sorry but there was no Calvin and Hobbes for that date . ×
From World Climate Report :
Another IPCC Error : Antarctic Sea Ice Increase Underestimated by 50 %
Several errors have been recently uncovered in the 4th Assessment Report ( AR4 ) of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) .
These include problems with Himalayan glaciers , African agriculture , Amazon rainforests , Dutch geography , and attribution of damages from extreme weather events .
More seem to turn up daily .
Most of these errors stem from the IPCC ’s reliance on non-peer reviewed sources .
The defenders of the IPCC have contended that most of these errors are minor in significance and are confined to the Working Group II Report ( the one on impacts , adaptation and vulnerability ) of the IPCC which was put together by representatives from various regional interests and that there was not as much hard science available to call upon as there was in the Working Group I report ( “ The Physical Science Basis ” ) .
The IPCC defenders argue that there have been no ( or practically no ) problems identified in the Working Group I ( WGI ) report on the science .
We humbly disagree .
In fact , the WGI report is built upon a process which , as revealed by the Climategate emails , is , by its very nature , designed not to produce an accurate view of the state of climate science , but instead to be an “ assessment ” of the state of climate science — an assessment largely driven by preconceived ideas of the IPCC design team and promulgated by various elite chapter authors .
The end result of this “ assessment ” is to elevate evidence which supports the preconceived ideas and denigrate ( or ignore ) ideas that run counter to it .
These practices are clearly laid bare in several recent Petitions to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) — petitions asking the EPA to reconsider its “ Endangerment Finding ” that anthropogenic greenhouse gases endanger our public health and welfare .
The basis of the various petitions is that the process is so flawed that the IPCC cannot be considered a reliable provider of the true state of climate science , something that the EPA heavily relies on the IPCC to be .
The most thorough of these petitions contains over 200 pages of descriptions of IPCC problems and it a true eye - opener into how bad things had become .
There is no doubt that the 200 + pages would continue to swell further had the submission deadline not been so tight .
New material is being revealed daily .
Just last week , the IPCC ’s ( and thus EPA ’s ) primary assertion that “ Most of the observed increase in global average temperatures since the mid-20th century is very likely due to the observed increase in anthropogenic GHG [ greenhouse gas ] concentrations ” was shown to be wrong .
This argument is n’t included in the Petition .
This adds yet another problem to the growing list of errors in the IPCC WGI report , this one concerns Antarctic sea ice trends .
While all the press is about the observed declines in Arctic sea ice extent in recent decades , little attention at all is paid to the fact that the sea ice extent in the Antarctic has been on the increase .
No doubt the dearth of press coverage stems from the IPCC treatment of this topic .
In the IPCC AR4 the situation is described like this in Chapter 4 , “ Observations : Changes in Snow , Ice , and Frozen Ground ” ( p. 351 ) :
As an example , an updated version of the analysis done by Comiso ( 2003 ) , spanning the period from November 1978 through December 2005 , is shown in Figure 4.8 .
The annual mean ice extent anomalies are shown .
There is a significant decreasing trend in arctic sea ice extent of – 33 ± 7.4 × 103 km2 yr–1 ( equivalent to – 2.7 ± 0.6 % per decade ) , whereas the Antarctic results show a small positive trend of 5.6 ± 9.2 × 103 km2 yr–1 ( 0.47 ± 0.8 % per decade ) , which is not statistically significant .
The uncertainties represent the 90 % confidence interval around the trend estimate and the percentages are based on the 1978 to 2005 mean .
Notice that the IPCC states that the Antarctic increase in sea ice extent from November 1979 - December 2005 is “ not statistically significant ” which seems to give them good reason to play it down .
For instance , in the Chapter 4 , Executive Summary ( p. 339 ) , the sea ice bullet reads :
Satellite data indicate a continuation of the 2.7 ± 0.6 % per decade decline in annual mean arctic sea ice extent since 1978 .
The decline for summer extent is larger than for winter , with the summer minimum declining at a rate of 7.4 ± 2.4 % per decade since 1979 .
Other data indicate that the summer decline began around 1970 .
Similar observations in the Antarctic reveal larger interannual variability but no consistent trends .
Which in the AR4 Summary For Policymakers becomes two separate items :
Satellite data since 1978 show that annual average arctic sea ice extent has shrunk by 2.7 [ 2.1 to 3.3 ] % per decade , with larger decreases in summer of 7.4 [ 5.0 to 9.8 ] % per decade .
These values are consistent with those reported in the TAR . { 4.4}
and ,
Antarctic sea ice extent continues to show interannual variability and localised changes but no statistically significant average trends , consistent with the lack of warming reflected in atmospheric temperatures averaged across the region .
{ 3.2 , 4.4}
“ Continues to show … no statistically significant average trends ” ?
Continues ?
This is what the IPCC Third Assessment Report ( TAR ) , released in 2001 , had to say about Antarctic sea ice trends ( Chapter 3 , p. 125 ) :
Over the period 1979 to 1996 , the Antarctic ( Cavalieri et al. , 1997 ; Parkinson et al. , 1999 ) shows a weak increase of 1.3 ± 0.2 % / decade .
By anyone ’s reckoning , that is a statistically significant increase .
In the IPCC TAR Chapter 3 Executive Summary is this bullet point :
… Satellite data indicate that after a possible initial decrease in the mid-1970s , Antarctic sea-ice extent has stayed almost stable or even increased since 1978 .
So , the IPCC AR4 ’s contention that sea ice trends in Antarctica “ continues ” to show “ no statistically significant average trends ” contrasts with what it had concluded in the TAR .
Interestingly , the AR4 did not include references to any previous study that showed that Antarctic sea ice trends were increasing in a statistically significant way .
The AR4 did not include the TAR references of either Cavalieri et al. , 1997 , or Parkinson et al. , 1999 .
Nor did the IPCC AR4 include a reference to Zwally et al. , 2002 , which found that :
The derived 20 year trend in sea ice extent from the monthly deviations is 11.18 ± 4.19 x 103 km2yr - 1 or 0.98 ± 0.37 % ( decade ) - 1 for the entire Antarctic sea ice cover , which is significantly positive .
[ emphasis added ]
and ( also from Zwally et al. 2002 ) ,
Also , a recent analysis of Antarctic sea ice trends for 1978 – 1996 by Watkins and Simmonds [ 2000 ] found significant increases in both Antarctic sea ice extent and ice area , similar to the results in this paper .
[ emphasis added ]
Watkins and Simmonds ( 2000 ) was also not cited by the AR4 .
So just what did the IPCC AR4 authors cite in support of their “ assessment ” that Antarctic sea ice extent was not increasing in a statistically significant manner ?
The answer is “ an updated version of the analysis done by Comiso ( 2003 ) . ”
And just what is “ Comiso ( 2003 ) ” ?
A book chapter !
Comiso , J.C. , 2003 : Large scale characteristics and variability of the global sea ice cover .
In : Sea Ice – An Introduction to its Physics , Biology , Chemistry , and Geology [ Thomas , D. and G.S. Dieckmann ( eds . ) ] .
Blackwell Science , Oxford , UK , pp. 112–142 .
And the IPCC did n’t actually even use what was in the book chapter , but instead “ an updated version ” of the “ analysis ” that was in the book chapter .
And from this “ updated ” analysis , the IPCC reported that the increase in Antarctic sea ice extent was an insignificant 5.6 ± 9.2 × 103 km2 yr–1 ( 0.47 ± 0.8 % per decade ) — a value that was only about one - half of the increase reported in the peer - reviewed literature .
There are a few more things worth considering .
1 ) Josefino Comiso ( the author of the above mentioned book chapter ) was a contributing author of the IPCC AR4 Chapter 4 , so the coordinating lead authors probably just turned directly to Comiso to provide an unpeer - reviewed update .
( how convenient )
and 2 ) Comiso published a subsequent paper ( along with Fumihiko Nishio ) in 2008 that added only one additional year to the IPCC analysis ( i.e. through 2006 instead of 2005 ) , and once again found a statistically significant increase in Antarctic sea ice extent , with a value very similar to the value reported in the old TAR , that is :
When updated to 2006 , the trends in ice extent and area … in the Antarctic remains slight but positive at 0.9 ± 0.2 and 1.7 ± 0.3 % per decade .
These trends are , again , by anyone ’s reckoning , statistically significant .
Figure 1 . Trend in Antarctic ice extent , November 1978 through December 2006 ( source : Comiso and Nishio , 2008 ) .
And just in case further evidence is needed , and recent 2009 paper by Turner et al. ( on which Comiso was a co-author ) , concluded that :
Based on a new analysis of passive microwave satellite data , we demonstrate that the annual mean extent of Antarctic sea ice has increased at a statistically significant rate of 0.97 % dec - 1 since the late 1970s .
This rate of increase is nearly twice as great as the value given in the AR4 ( from its non-peer - reviewed source ) .
So , the peer reviewed literature , both extant at the time of the AR4 as well as published since the release of the AR4 , shows that there has been a significant increase in the extent of sea ice around Antarctica since the time of the first satellite observations observed in the late 1970s .
And yet the AR4 somehow “ assessed ” the evidence and determined not only that the increase was only half the rate established in the peer - reviewed literature , but also that it was statistically insignificant as well .
And thus , the increase in sea ice in the Antarctic was downplayed in preference to highlighting the observed decline in sea ice in the Arctic .
It is little wonder why , considering that the AR4 found that “ Sea ice is projected to shrink in both the Arctic and Antarctic under all SRES scenarios . ”
References :
Cavalieri , D. J. , P. Gloersen , C. L. Parkinson , J. C. Comiso , and H. J. Zwally , 1997 .
Observed hemispheric asymmetry in global sea ice changes .
Science , 278 , 1104 –1106 .
Cavalieri , D. J. , C. L. Parkinson , P. Gloersen , J. C. Comiso , and H. J. Zwally , 1999 .
Deriving long - term time series of sea ice cover from satellite passivemicrowave multisensor data sets .
Journal of Geophysical Research , 104 , 15803 –15814 .
Comiso , J. C. , and F. Nishio , 2008 .
Trends in the sea ice cover using enhanced and compatible AMSR-E , SSM / I , and SMMR data .
Journal of Geophysical Research , 113 , C02S07 , doi:10.1029/2007JC004257 .
Parkinson , C. L. , D. J. Cavalieri , P. Gloersen , H. J. Zwally , and J. C. Comiso , 1999 .
Arctic sea ice extents , areas , and trends , 1978 – 1996 .
Journal of Geophysical Research , 104 , 20837–20856 .
Turner , J. , J. C. Comiso , G. J. Marshall , T. A. Lachlan - Cope , T. Bracegirdle , T. Maksym , M. P. Meredith , Z. Wang , and A. Orr , 2009 .
Non-annular atmospheric circulation change induced by stratospheric ozone depletion and its role in the recent increase of Antarctic sea ice extent .
Geophysical Research Letters , 36 , L08502 , doi:10.1029/2009GL037524 .
Watkins , A. B. , and I . Simmonds , Current trends in Antarctic sea ice :
The 1990s impact on a short climatology , 2000 .
Journal of Climate , 13 , 4441 –4451 .
Zwally , H.J. , J. C. Comiso , C. L. Parkinson , D. J. Cavalieri , and P. Gloersen , 2002 .
Variability of Antarctic sea ice 1979 - 1998 .
Journal of Geophysical Research , 107 , C53041 .
BERLIN , Germany —
In a deal struck at the end of February that 's expected to serve as a model for the rest of the country , Germany 's robust engineering sector will next year see its smallest wage increase in over a quarter century .
The agreement is a done deal , but its import is still being hotly debated .
Most Germans see it as a sign of their preparedness to make painful concessions to the realities of the global financial crisis .
To their neighbors in the European Union , though , it 's a doubling - down on policies that have lead to the continent 's currency crisis .
There are many reasons that Germany is considered Europe 's soundest economy .
Not only does it enjoy the EU 's largest GDP and the status of world 's second - biggest exporter , but its government has generally not allowed itself the extraordinary budget deficits that are threatening economies elsewhere on the continent .
It 's not for nothing that European statesmen expect Berlin to lead efforts to keep afloat crisis - ridden Spain , Ireland and Portugal , while designing a bail - out package to prevent Greece from defaulting on its sovereign debt .
But few imagine that Germany will acknowledge the role it has played in enabling these very problems .
Germany 's dominance in exports has come about , not least , because policymakers in Berlin have been willing to artificially hold down domestic demand over the last 10 years , a choice that has come at the expense of other countries in the EU .
By voluntarily accepting modest or non-existent wage increases , Germans have kept the prices of their products low .
While that has meant more foreigners have been willing to buy from Germans , it has also resulted in ordinary Germans both having less money in their pockets to buy products from abroad and feeling less disposed to spend their money freely .
The results have been predictably lopsided when it comes to trade relations with other European states :
In 2009 , for instance , Germany exported 6.7 billion euros worth of goods to Greece , but imported only 1.8 billion euros worth in return .
It 's not currency manipulation exactly , but it is not a policy that has encouraged Europe 's weaker countries to grow in responsible , sustainable ways .
Other countries , failing to feel much of the positive effect of Germany 's responsible behavior , tapped into the one benefit to which they did have access — namely , low interest rates on borrowing .
Greece relied on state spending to drive growth , while Spain allowed itself to be carried away by a housing bubble .
These policies were further bolstered by the decision of many Germans to directly invest their saved money in the foreign bond and housing markets .
Now that the bubbles have burst , Berlin expects the profligate countries to deflate their economies to match their real productivity .
Since devaluing the currency is n't an option for individual eurozone countries , this amounts to Berlin ordering wayward European capitals to begin a painful process of deflation and accept a reduction of living standards , all while Germany maintains its course .
But , many independent economists say , it is not realistic to expect Athens to produce the necessary 30 percent reduction in real wages that would be necessary to compete with workers in Germany .
The Germans need to make a contribution , they say , by reducing their reliance on exports , and strengthening domestic demand .
“ Germans think they have been prudent , they say that Greeks and others should take a leaf out of their book , ” said Simon Tilford of the Centre for European Reform in London .
“ They are nonplussed when others do n’t buy into it .
But , it ’s almost impossible to get the economy growing unless you get exports to Germany . ”
Even some German economists insist that their country should be prepared to accept some measure of responsibility for the present crisis .
“ Some countries were having a party , and we sent them cooks and waiters , ” said Thomas Mayer , chief economist at Deutsche Bank .
But Germans largely do n't take well to this sort of criticism .
Most have been astonished to hear what they had seen as the prudence of their country 's economic stewardship turned on its head and portrayed as risky business practice .
As an editorial in the economically conservative newspaper Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung put it : “ Something outrageous is going on : people are trying to make our German virtues seem rotten .
We work hard , save large sums of money and buy only the most necessary things .
And now that 's supposed to be bad ? ”
But , ultimately , those German virtues only have purchase in a cooperative economic system .
“ Germany is the one who has profited most from the euro for the past 11 years , ” said economist Adam Posen of the Peterson Institute of International Economics .
“ It 's in Germany 's interest to help ease the adjustments of those economies that spend their money on German goods . ”
Indeed , the strength of the German economy depends on robust demand from elsewhere in the EU ; a deflationary spiral on the European periphery would eventually harm the German heartland .
Small improvements in German demand could make the difference between that sort of vicious cycle and a win- win arrangement among EU member states .
But those changes are easier said than done .
As much of a role as public policy has played , Germans also have a deep cultural aversion to consuming beyond their means .
Usually , that psychology is attributed to cultural memories of the painful 1920s hyperinflation that eventually contributed to the rise of Nazism .
German politicians ' greatest challenge may be helping their citizens move past that mindset , so that they can move from focusing on the problems of the past to dealing with those of the present .
Photo by James D. Schwartz / The Urban Country ( Beverley St. Toronto )
Imagine this : a cycling advocate who does n’t support bike infrastructure .
I was both surprised and intrigued when I first learned about the phenomenon they call “ vehicular cycling ” .
Vehicular cycling was popularized by John Forester , a Britain - born American cyclist and industrial engineer who has spent most of his life fighting against bicycle infrastructure .
Forester claims that bike lane systems were an invention of motorists because they perceived that cyclists were too dull to adequately share the roads with automobiles .
In a 2007 presentation to Google employees , a 77 - year - old Forester said :
But there it was , the motorist invented the bike lane system .
And they invented it for their own convenience on the excuse that cyclists were too dumb .
Did you know that straddling a bicycle destroys your brains , it turns you into children that do n’t know how to drive ?
Then comes the environmental group – and they believe all this stuff that the motorists have been telling them about being incapable of riding in traffic .
And they say oh , these bikeways were n’t invented to shove us aside – keep us out of the way of motorists .
They were invented to make cycling safe for beginners .
Here I am , watching Mr. Forester speak , and I can’t help think to myself “ If only more motorists would push for more bike infrastructure ” .
That would save cyclists the hassle of the tireless advocacy that we have had to endure just to give us a couple metres of roadway with some white paint .
Photo by James D. Schwartz / The Urban Country
I wanted to know more about the thought process of a vehicular cyclist , so I interviewed cycling advocate and instructor Mighk Wilson , who runs the website “ Bicycling Is Better ” out of Orlando , Florida .
I first came across Mighk ’s website last October when he wrote the article “ Which Cycling Politics : Doom or Possilbity ” – an essay that explores the false perception of danger in cycling .
Mighk subscribes to this vehicular cycling theory and teaches the skills of vehicular cycling to his students .
In his defence , he does claim that he is n’t against bicycle facilities per say – he just feels that they have been poorly conceived and executed .
Mighk also claims that even the best designed bike facilities will never replace the need for vehicular cycling skills and knowledge – which is true .
My biggest struggle with the theory of vehicular cycling is the fact that in densely populated urban areas , cyclists are n’t able to freely move past gridlocked traffic – there just is n’t enough space .
So I asked Mighk how he expects cyclists to bypass automobile congestion without proper infrastructure .
Surprisingly , Mighk does n’t support rewarding cyclists by helping them move to the front of the queue .
I used to be in that camp that said “ We should reward cyclists ( because they ’re more environmentally and socially responsible ) by helping them move to the front of the queue . ”
No more .
( I am not against queue - jumping per se , if the cyclist A ) understands the conflicts to watch out for and B ) it will not result in the passed motorists having to pass the cyclist again in a tight roadway . )
I support bicycle queue jumping in the same way I support HOV ( high occupancy vehicle ) lanes , bus lanes , and right - of - way streetcar lanes .
This encourages people to get out of their single - occupancy automobiles by carpooling with a friend , taking a bus , or riding a bike .
I asked Mighk whether his end goal is to increase the rate of utility cycling – after all , how can we increase cycling if we do n’t give cyclists sufficient space on our urban streets ?
Without a doubt , Mighk ’s goal is to increase the rate of cycling .
But he does n’t believe bicycle facilities will take us very far down that path ( pun intentional ) .
He notes :
The Orlando metro area had about a 0.5 % bicycle commute rate in the 1990 census with virtually zero miles of bikeways .
In 2000 it was essentially the same rate , but with about 60 miles of trails and a couple hundred miles of bike lanes and paved shoulders .
I do n’t expect it to be much over 1 % in the 2010 census , in spite of over 90 miles of trails and over 400 miles of bike lanes and paved shoulders .
So in Orlando , bike infrastructure has done very little to improve the rate of cycling .
Could this be a deficiency in our North American culture ?
Or are the bike paths primarily designed for recreation instead of commuting ?
Mighk has a simple explanation : Gas prices .
When gasoline prices make their inevitable climb , we will see the increases in cycling .
I imagine the bikeway system we have will help facilitate that somewhat .
But making people comfortable with ( and competent on ) the existing roadway system is the most cost - effective way to get more people on bikes .
Mighk also pointed out that parking is free in most places around Orlando .
Although Mighk and I may not agree on the the value proposition of bike infrastructure , I have enjoyed our occasional e-mail conversations on the topic of cycling – a topic in which he is well versed .
Our friend John Forester is another story entirely .
While speaking to those bicycle - friendly Google employee in 2007 , he was asked if there was anything wrong with the network of bikeways in the Netherlands .
Forester ’s response included a tray of rubbish with a sprinkle of gibberish ( Scroll to 34:26 in the video to watch Forester ’s full answer )
He downplayed ( or blatantly ignored ) whether bike infrastructure had anything to do with the popularity of cycling in the Netherlands , and went on to say that the rural bike paths in the Netherlands are “ wonderful for touring , but are n’t used by the people they were designed for ” .
Forester also noted that the population density in the Netherlands affords short cycling commutes , but my blogger friend David Hembrow who lives in Assen Netherlands can assure you that it is much more than population density that makes cycling popular in the Netherlands .
James D. Schwartz is the editor of The Urban Country .
You can contact James at james.schwartz@theurbancountry.com .
Check out these related articles :
Greg Sargent reminds us of the exact words used by Eric Cantor earlier today when he claimed his office had been the target of a shooting incident :
" Just recently I have been directly threatened .
A bullet was shot through the window of my campaign office in Richmond this week . "
Compare what Cantor claimed happened to this statement ( also posted by Greg ) from the Richmond Police Department :
The Richmond Police Department is investigating an act of vandalism at the Reagan Building , 25 E. Main St. , Richmond , Virginia .
A first floor window was struck by a bullet at approximately 1 a.m. on Tuesday , March 23 .
The building , which has several tenants including an office used by Congressman Eric Cantor , was unoccupied at the time .
A Richmond Police detective was assigned to the case .
A preliminary investigation shows that a bullet was fired into the air and struck the window in a downward direction , landing on the floor about a foot from the window .
The round struck with enough force to break the windowpane but did not penetrate the window blinds .
There was no other damage to the room , which is used occasionally for meetings by the congressman .
The Richmond Police Department is sharing information about the incident with appropriate law enforcement agencies .
At this time there are no suspects .
It 's clear from the Richmond police statement that Cantor 's office was not directly targeted .
Rather , an office that he has used in the past ( but not his main campaign office ) was randomly struck by a bullet that had been fired into the sky .
I 'm not minimizing the dangers of randomly shooting bullets into the air , but for Eric Cantor to describe this as an attack targeting his campaign office is supremely dishonest , an obvious attempt to deflect attention from Republican Party 's violent and extreme rhetoric in recent days .
Next thing you know , Cantor will be claiming a backwards B was carved in his face .
CARLSTADT --
Two New York City police officers are among five people charged with robbing about $ 1 million of perfume from a New Jersey warehouse .
Federal prosecutors said Officers Richard LeBlanca and Brian Checo and the others are scheduled to appear in Newark 's U.S. courthouse at 2 p.m .
A third defendant , Orlando Garcia , was a former New York City police officer .
According to a complaint , the officers entered the warehouse on Feb. 9 , brandished guns and badges and yelled , " NYPD !
Hands up ! "
Federal prosecutors said 11 employees of In Style USA 's warehouse were held at gunpoint .
Carlstadt police arrived at the warehouse after receiving a 911 call and arrested two of the suspects and seized two trucks .
There 's no word if any of the suspects have obtained lawyers .
Philadelphia police have enlisted the FBI to help investigate whether the fatal shooting of a convicted drug dealer last July is related to an earlier incident in which the victim claimed that he was shot by former Indianapolis Colts wide receiver Marvin Harrison , ESPN has learned .
The victim , Dwight Dixon , was killed in the Fairmount section of Philadelphia on July 21 , 2009 , when a gunman approached the driver 's side of his Toyota Camry and fired four times , shot through the back window , and then fired two more times into the passenger side .
Video surveillance taken by a camera at a nearby store shows the gunman -- wearing a hooded sweatshirt , jeans and white sneakers -- fleeing with his head lowered and face obscured .
Dixon was struck in the chest , stomach and arm .
The location is a few blocks from a car wash owned by Harrison and down the street from his bar called Playmakers .
Moments after the shooting , Dixon told police who rushed to the scene that he believed the incident was related to an April 2008 assault in the same neighborhood , in which his truck was sprayed with gunfire and he suffered a bullet hole in his left hand .
Dixon , 33 , lapsed into a coma before he could be interviewed by police .
He died on Sept. 4 from the wounds .
The Philadelphia Police Department still considers the case open and active .
Harrison , a 13 - year NFL veteran , was released at his own request by the Colts at the end of the 2008 season after being asked to take a pay cut .
He did not play in 2009 .
In an exclusive interview with ESPN's " E:60 " before the July 21 shooting , Dixon went into extensive detail about a shooting on April 29 , 2008 .
He said that Harrison shot at him after the two had gotten into an altercation outside of the West Thompson Street car wash called Chuckie's .
" He raises the guns up and started shooting , " Dixon said in the interview .
" He raised both his hands up and started shooting at [ my ] truck . "
When asked how many shots were fired , Dixon said , " Too many to count . "
He said his truck was so riddled by bullets , " the tires were all shot out , the windows were shot out . "
Harrison has denied Dixon 's claims , which are also part of a pending civil suit .
Although police ballistics tests show that a gun registered to Harrison was used in the incident -- a Belgian - made semiautomatic pistol -- he insisted that he did not have it with him that day .
Through his attorney , Jerome Brown , Harrison declined to comment .
As ESPN The Magazine reported last January , a second witness , Robert Nixon , also told police that he saw Harrison fire a gun .
Nixon , who was wounded in the back by stray gunfire , filed a civil suit against Harrison last July , claiming that the ex-wide receiver " continued shooting at the other person ... as [ he ] drove past plaintiff .
In doing so , a bullet from defendant 's handgun struck plaintiff in the back with great force and violence . "
After an investigation , the Philadelphia district attorney 's office announced that it was not bringing charges in connection with that incident .
" I 'm pretty comfortable I know who fired the gun , " District Attorney Lynn Abraham , who has since left the job , said at the time .
But she added that she was could not go forward with just the statements of Nixon and Dixon .
" With these witnesses , I do n't think so , " she said .
Dixon 's death , however , has put the 2008 case back on the front burner .
In September , Philadelphia voters went to the polls and elected a new district attorney , ex-prosecutor Seth Williams .
And now , a task force of elite Philadelphia homicide investigators and the FBI is taking a fresh look at the shooting .
" We 're looking for a motive of who would want to kill Dixon , so it 's common sense to go back to that first shooting , " a law enforcement source said .
The source said that the FBI is helping to comb through old evidence and seek out new informants , one of whom has already been said to have supplied fresh information .
Shaun Assael is a senior writer for ESPN The Magazine .
Washington ratchets up war threats against Iran
By Patrick Martin
29 March 2010
The Obama administration is ratcheting up its war threats against Iran in a calculated effort to provoke a crisis with Tehran that could produce a general war in the Middle East .
In multiple venues — planted articles in the press , the release of a think tank study on military options , speeches at the pro-Israel lobby AIPAC , and congressional declarations — Washington is building a case for a new eruption of US military aggression .
The appearance of two articles in the Sunday edition of the New York Times underscored this campaign .
The paper published a front - page lead reporting CIA and State Department allegations that Iran is accelerating its nuclear development ; as well as the summary of a war game based on an Israeli air strike against Iran , published in the Week in Review section .
The lead story , written by David Sanger and William Broad , contains no evidence about Iranian nuclear development , but instead takes as its point of departure that “ international inspectors and Western intelligence agencies say they suspect that Tehran is preparing to build more sites in defiance of United Nations demands . ”
The article thus makes no pretense of objective reporting , but puts the Times in its favorite role , as the mouthpiece for the US military - intelligence apparatus , publishing their “ disclosures ” — i.e. , official Washington propaganda — even while admitting that US officials have “ no solid clues ” and were simply speculating in the absence of actual knowledge .
The Times reports that US intelligence agencies are revising their 2007 finding that Iran does not have an active nuclear weapons program — which upset the Bush White House at the time — and are now “ joining European and Israeli assessments that research and development work , if halted seven years ago , has probably resumed . ”
In its Week in Review section , the Times publishes in diagram form the findings of a war game conducted by the Saban Institute in Washington , a think tank on the Middle East founded by a major Democratic Party fundraiser .
The actual course of events outlined in the scenario is far less apocalyptic than many such exercises : an Israeli air strike on Iran leads to retaliatory attacks by Hamas and Hezbollah , and some disruption of Persian Gulf shipping , but no general war .
The likelihood of such a limited outcome can be doubted .
What is certain is that for its senior Washington correspondent , Sanger , to participate in such an exercise , even as an observer , makes the Times a direct accomplice of those who are seeking to incite a US - Israeli attack on Iran , an action that would , under international law , constitute a war crime of the same dimensions as the unprovoked US invasion of Iraq .
The two Times articles come at the end of a week of anti-Iran agitation in Washington , focused on the annual conference of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) , the principal pro-Zionist lobby , which was addressed by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and a slew of Democratic and Republican congressmen and senators .
Bipartisan groups from both houses of Congress are circulating letters calling on the Obama administration to impose “ crippling ” sanctions on Iran , language that endorses what amounts to an economic declaration of war , such as the cutoff of gasoline shipments .
The letter on the House side was originated by liberal Democrat Jesse Jackson Jr. of Illinois and conservative Republican Mike Pence of Indiana , and has already been co-signed by 214 House members , 76 Democrats and 138 Republicans .
The letter effectively condemns China and Russia , declaring , “ We cannot allow those who would oppose or delay sanctions to govern either the timing or content of our efforts . ”
It calls on Obama to “ fulfill your June 2008 pledge that you would do ‘ everything in my power to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon . ’ ”
A similar letter was drafted in the Senate by Democrat Charles Schumer of New York and Republican Lindsey Graham of South Carolina .
Both addressed the AIPAC gala dinner on Monday , with Graham making a particularly bellicose statement .
“ My belief is a military strike stopping the Iranian government from having a nuclear weapon is more effective than trying to deal with the Iranian government after they have one , ” he told AIPAC members .
“ And if military force is ever employed , it should be done in a decisive fashion .
The Iranian government ’s ability to wage conventional warfare against its neighbors and our troops in the region should not exist . ”
Given that Iran is a country of 75 million people with bitter experience in protracted military conflict in the eight - year - long Iran - Iraq War , eliminating its “ ability to wage conventional warfare ” would require either a full - scale invasion and conquest of the country or its nuclear annihilation .
Graham did not explain himself , but there have been ominous suggestions in the last few days that a nuclear first - strike against Iran is being contemplated by the Israeli government .
The Center for Strategic and International Studies ( CSIS ) , a well - connected Washington think tank , released a major study Friday by Anthony Cordesman and Abdullah Toukan , titled “ Options in Dealing with Iran ’s Nuclear Program . ”
The 208 - page report examines the military alternatives in chilling detail , considering such factors as the blast radius of various nuclear weapons believed to be in the Israeli arsenal .
After considering the scenario of a conventional air assault by Israel on Iran , the report goes on to discuss the use of tactical nuclear warheads , noting : “ Another scenario is using these warheads as a substitute for conventional weapons to attack deeply buried nuclear facilities in Iran .
Some believe that nuclear weapons are the only weapons that can destroy targets deep underground or in tunnels . ”
Such weapons could be delivered against Iranian targets by an Israeli Sea Launched Cruise Missile ( SLCM ) , with a range of 1,500 km , launched from the German - built Dolphin - class submarines that Israel acquired in the 1990s .
These vessels are already on station in the Mediterranean and Arabian Seas , and could be moved into the Persian Gulf with US naval protection .
These threats of war and open discussions of nuclear genocide are no doubt intended to browbeat the Iranian regime into complying with the demands made on it by the P5+1 group , consisting of the five permanent members of the UN Security Council and Germany .
But they also serve to prepare public opinion for impending Israeli or US military aggression .
On the diplomatic front , the G8 foreign ministers begin a two - day meeting Monday outside Ottawa , the Canadian capital , with discussion of both Iran and North Korea expected to top the agenda .
Canadian Foreign Minister Lawrence Cannon , the meeting ’s host , told Reuters , “ I will discuss with my G8 colleagues what we can do to put additional pressure on Iran to persuade it to stop its nuclear enrichment activities .
Unfortunately I believe we are left with little choice but to pursue additional sanctions against Iran , ideally through the United Nations Security Council . ”
The Obama administration has already declared its intention to seek a fourth round of UN sanctions against Iran in the next few months , if it succeeds in overcoming the opposition of China , the biggest customer for Iranian oil exports .
Since the beginning of the year , Royal Dutch Shell , the Russia - based Lukoil and three other European oil companies announced they would stop selling gasoline to Iran , leaving Iran dependent on only four sources : China , Kuwait , Malaysia and the French company Total .
In a further escalation of tensions , the US State Department last week issued a warning against travel by US citizens to Iran , particularly those of Iranian origin .
House Republican leader John Boehner long has been a fan of privatizing Social Security ; and last month , Paul Ryan , the ranking Republican on the House Budget Committee , released a plan that would slash and privatize entitlements , while exploding the deficit .
Now , Boehner is siding with the banks , against Democratic efforts to reform and regulate the architects of our ongoing financial disaster .
Pat Garofalo , of ThinkProgress :
The House of Representatives has already passed a comprehensive regulatory reform bill , and now that Dodd has given up on negotiating with recalcitrant Republicans , he is moving on an expedited timeline , with a markup scheduled for Monday .
Garofalo highlights the Boehner quote in this Marketwatch report of Boehner 's appearance before the American Bankers ' Associaton , but also note that ABA President Edward Yingling seems to think he also has an ally in yet another Republican :
" Do n't let those little punk staffers take advantage of you and stand up for yourselves , " Boehner said .
" All of us are hearing from our friends and constituents on lack of credit , you can't get a loan , the more your government takes and taxes , the more regulations you have to comply with the more cost you have there and less amount you are going to have available to loan to customers . "
Before Boehner , ABA President Edward Yingling told bankers that the longer that the Senate lawmakers can't come to an agreement on the bank - reform bill , the more leverage Sen.
Richard Shelby , R - Ala. , the banking committee 's ranking member , has to prompt concessions .
" Every day that passes gives more leverage to Shelby , " Yingling told bankers .
If you love the way and means of banks and bankers , you know who your friends are .
The rest of us know who our friends are n't .
Elect a Republican House , and John Boehner is your Speaker and Paul Ryan is your Chair of the House Banking Committee .
Elect a Republican Senate , and Richard Shelby chairs the Senate Banking Committee .
And all the abuses that led to our ongoing financial crisis will be excused , enabled , and further encouraged .
Garafalo :
That should make for some easy campaign ads :
Do you want our financial system cleaned up , or do you want government that is captive to its worst abusers ?
Let the people know that 's one of this year 's big campaign questions , and let the people decide .
The Wildlife Conservation Society has released a list of animals facing new impacts by climate change , some in strange and unexpected ways .
In a new report titled " Species Feeling the Heat : Connecting Deforestation and Climate Change , " the Wildlife Conservation Society profiles more than a dozen animal species and groups that are facing threats due to climate change impacts including : changing land and sea temperatures ; shifting rain patterns ; exposure to new pathogens and disease ; and increased threats of predation .
The Wildlife Conservation Society is issuing this report as the world gathers in Copenhagen to address climate change issues and as the United Nations launches in 2010 the International Year of Biodiversity , a UN - led effort to raise awareness to reduce the constant loss of biological diversity worldwide .
The Convention on Biodiversity , which emerged from the 1992 Rio Earth Summit , recently admitted that none of its 2010 biodiversity targets have been met , underscoring the dire situation wildlife around the world face from burgeoning threats such as climate change .
The report also highlights the huge role of deforestation in climate change .
Nearly 20 percent of greenhouse gas emissions are the result of deforestation , more than the output of all the world 's trucks , trains , cars , planes , and ships combined , so protecting the remaining swaths of the world 's forests can help put the breaks on climate change .
" The image of a forlorn looking polar bear on a tiny ice floe has become the public 's image of climate change in nature , but the impact reaches species in nearly every habitat in the world 's wild places , " said Dr. Steven E. Sanderson , President and CEO of the Wildlife Conservation Society .
" In fact , our own researchers are observing direct impacts on a wide range of species across the world . "
The report contains a cross-section of animal species around the globe , including :
Bicknell 's thrush , a bird species that breeds and nests in the higher elevations on mountains in northeastern North America .
Slight increases in temperature threaten this bird 's breeding habitat .
Flamingos , a group including several species that are threatened by climate change impacts that affect the availability and quality of wetland habitat in the Caribbean , South America , Asia , and Africa .
Irrawaddy dolphin , a coastal species that relies on the flow of fresh water from estuaries in Bangladesh and elsewhere in Southeast Asia .
Changes in freshwater flow and salinity may have an impact on the species long - term survival .
Musk ox , a species that exists in the harsh environment of the Arctic Tundra .
This Pleistocene faces a higher predation risk by grizzly bears , as more bears may move northward into the musk oxen 's tundra home .
Hawksbill turtle , an ocean - going reptile with temperature dependent biology .
Specifically , higher temperatures result in more female hatchlings , a factor that could impact the species ' long - term survival by skewing sex ratios .
" Aside from all of the current political disagreements on meteorological data , we can say with certainty that climate change is threatening our planet with significant losses to wildlife and wild places , " added Sanderson .
This area is reserved for members of the news media .
If you qualify , please update your user profile and check the box marked " Check here to register as an accredited member of the news media " .
Please include any notes in the " Supporting information for media credentials " box .
We will notify you of your status via e-mail in one business day .
Last night , after the Kari Lehtonen deal had been announced Down Goes Brown noticed something interesting about how the story had broken :
[ T] wo interesting observations about the account , other than the fact that it had the exact trade hours before anyone else : 1 . This is the only tweet the account has ever made , and 2 .
The name on the account is " dylan crawford " .
Stars coach Marc Crawford has a son named Dylan .
Now , this does n't necessarily add up to Crawford 's son leaking the trade .
After all , I 've heard people can sometimes pretend to be someone they 're not on twitter .
Crazy , but true .
Of course , where there is smoke there is sometimes fire .
Since DGB wrote that last night Bob McKenzine noted the tidbit in his latest piece for TSN as well as pointed out that the second tweet from that account gave him cause to wonder whether Pierre Gauthier was being sincere in his proclamations that he had no immediate plans to trade either goalie :
But , and you had to know there was a but coming , I do wonder a little bit .
I now wonder because there was a fellow on Twitter who yesterday correctly predicted the Kari Lehtonen trade to Dallas , right down to Ivan Vishnevskiy and a fourth - round pick going back to Atlanta .
Five hours before it actually happened .
Five hours !
Now , that same fellow is reporting Stars ' veteran goalie Marty Turco is on the block ( that 's a given ) , but that the Chicago Blackhawks and Montreal Canadiens have made inquiries .
- Bob McKenzie
It 's interesting to see the weight that Bob McKenzie gives this rumour considering the fact that before he posted that article his latest comment had been that it was nonsensical to think Montreal was trading a goalie .
Considering how quickly and vehemently McKenzie went after Falconer 's tweet last week that he had heard rumblings , from a team source he trusted , that a deal for Ilya Kovalchuk was close to being done with Los Angeles I wonder if maybe he knows something about the person behind the account .
More likely that perfect track record was enough to at least place the seed of doubt in his mind .
Of course , since last night a few interesting things have happened .
Despite DGB 's mention of both Bruce " Malkin to the Kings " Garrioch and Dan Tencer ( as well as Ben Wright of the Thrashers ) discussing the possible identity of the source only Tencer and Wright 's account still has a record of his Dylan Crawford - related tweets .
Meanwhile Bruce " Malkin to the Kings " Garrioch 's account has been scrubbed .
Incidentally , while Bruce " Malkin to the Kings " Garrioch has figured out how to block people he has not figured out how to protect his tweets .
You can see screen captures I took of the two accounts that still have a record of their conversation :
The other is that HFBoards picked up on the coincidence this morning and while they are pretty skeptical about the connection one commenter did note that there were two additional tweets made since the deal went through :
James Wisniewski joins trade block
Philly joins Chicago and Montreal in Turco Sweepstakes
Why does it matter that they captured the third tweet from that account ?
Well , turns out that the Bruce " Malkin to the Kings " Garrioch twitter feed is n't the only one that 's been scrubbed clean :
Now , as DGB pointed out , there is n't anything necessarily wrong with what happened .
If it really is Marc 's son he probably had a word with him about not sharing their father - son talks with Twitter .
I contacted Brandon Worley of SBN's Defending Big D to see if he could get a comment from the Dallas Stars ' PR office about whether it was Dylan or not and after waiting a while he has n't heard back from them yet .
If we hear from them we 'll update you but in the meantime it just looks like an embarrassing situation for the club .
“ If we tried to convert it into a Kipling museum simply because Kipling was born there , that would ruffle quite a few feathers .
In the political storm , you may find that the conservation effort would be set aside , ” said Mukund Gorashkar , who is in charge of the project for the JSW Foundation , which plans to start the renovation work next month .
Kipling was born in 1865 in the Dean ’s bungalow in the grounds of the JJ School of Art in the bustling Victorian heart of the then Bombay .
His father , John Lockwood Kipling , was the school ’s first dean .
NewsAlert
Sign up for our NewsAlert service and have the latest news in astronomy and space e-mailed direct to your desktop .
Enter your e-mail address :
Privacy note : your e-mail address will not be used for any other purpose .
Falcon 9 rocket will spend next week at launch pad
BY STEPHEN CLARK
SPACEFLIGHT NOW
Posted : February 20 , 2010
SpaceX hoisted the first Falcon 9 rocket atop its Cape Canaveral launch pad on Saturday , beginning several days of compatibility checks to be punctuated by a dramatic ground - shaking engine test next week .
Pulled by an aircraft tug normally found on airport tarmacs , the rocket and its transporter rolled 600 feet along rail tracks from the steel assembly hangar to the launch pad at Complex 40 on Friday .
The Falcon 9 rocket is put together inside a hangar at Complex 40 in early February .
Credit : SpaceX
After emerging from the hangar Friday , the 15 - story rocket was rotated vertical around midday Saturday .
A small team of technicians began methodically hooking up the transporter to the launch pad .
The transporter also functions as the mechanism to lift the rocket vertical and service the Falcon 9 and payload .
A practice countdown and engine test will follow next week , if engineers can work through the expected kinks common to new launch vehicles .
" We 're going to do a couple of quick pad checks with the rocket to pick out any high - risk items so we do n't have to find them on wet dress [ rehearsal ] day , " said Tim Buzza , SpaceX 's vice president of launch operations .
Buzza will serve as the launch director for the Falcon 9's first launch , which is now scheduled for no sooner than March 22 , according to company leaders .
But Elon Musk , SpaceX 's wealthy founder and chief architect , is reticent to discuss specific launch dates .
" I 've only talked about a date range of March - May , " Musk wrote in an e-mail to Spaceflight Now .
" It is not possible to get more accurate than that due to the unknown unknowns surrounding a new vehicle development .
What I want to avoid are a series of articles citing schedule slips when the schedule was never a firm date to begin with .
The Range date is just a placeholder for the earliest possible countdown attempt . "
Other rockets , including secret military launches , routinely announce target dates months in advance .
But Musk is closely guarding official launch dates and times for SpaceX .
" I 'd rather not specify an exact day and definitely not a time , " Musk wrote .
" That would imply greater predictive ability than is possible . "
In all likelihood , Musk said , launch would probably not occur until late April or May .
" People should not think that the rocket is going to launch on whatever the first countdown day is , " Musk said in an interview last month .
" They should n't think of any day that we have planned as launch day , but it is simply an aspiration for the first day that we will try to do a countdown . "
Friday 's rollout was the first time a flight - ready Falcon 9 rocket reached the seaside launch pad , which is situated between the homes of the expendable Atlas 5 and Delta 4 vehicles .
Working in a control center near Cape Canaveral Air Force Station 's south gate , the launch team plans to flow kerosene and liquid oxygen propellants into the Falcon 9 at the beginning of the week .
About 29 people will be on console inside the launch control center during the final countdown .
More than 100 engineers are involved in the first launch , including technicians and support crews .
Both stages of the Falcon 9 burn the same propellant , simplifying equipment on the rocket and on the ground .
Engineers will load nearly 39,000 gallons of super cold liquid oxygen and almost 25,000 gallons of kerosene fuel into the first stage tanks .
About 7,300 gallons of liquid oxygen and 4,600 gallons of kerosene will go into the second stage .
The tanking exercise will be as much practice for the launch team as a test of the rocket , according to Buzza .
The rehearsal 's " primary purpose is the ground system 's interaction with the rocket , whether it be propellants , helium , or nitrogen , and then it 's getting the timeline cadence down , " Buzza said .
" I 'm sure for the first wet dress rehearsal and the static fire , it 's going to be broken up where we start and stop and start and stop , " Buzza said .
" It 's going to be a long day since we do n't have a [ launch time ] to worry about . "
" Our goal is not to stay on the timeline , it 's to get the cadence down and talk about what we 're doing .
Once we 're through that and figure out all the ground systems , we put all that behind us and figure out how we light the first stage , " Buzza told Spaceflight Now .
The engine firing is currently scheduled for late in the week , if no serious problems arise during the tanking test .
The rocket will stay on the pad between the countdown rehearsal and the static fire , if no problems are discovered requiring a rollback , according to SpaceX .
Artist 's concept of the Falcon 9 and Dragon combo launching from Florida .
Credit : SpaceX
The nine first stage engines will fire for about four seconds , enough time for computers to gauge their health and readiness for flight .
The military - run Eastern Range , which oversees all launch operations at Cape Canaveral , will also be heavily involved with the engine test .
" That will be a combined operation with the [ Eastern Range ] , " Buzza said .
" We 're planning to use it like a mission dress rehearsal .
Both sides will get to practice everything .
We 're going to do static fire just like it 's launch day , so we 'll get the cadence between the two groups . "
Friday and Saturday 's milestones were the first steps in a series of key fit checks between the rocket , transporter and launch pad .
" It 's horizontal when it rolls out , " Buzza said .
" The first thing we do is come up and engage with two pins on the trunnions , then we engage the hydraulic actuators .
That 's step 1 and step 2 . "
After the sleek white booster was lifted upright Saturday , engineers were expected to begin checking out mechanical , plumbing , electrical and communications interfaces between the launcher and ground facilities .
Workers must manually insert a total of six pins and connect five flanges between the transporter and infrastructure at Complex 40 .
Teams carefully line up the launch tower atop the concrete flame pit at the pad .
" When we first started developing this , my biggest worry was how do you take something this large and roll it out over and over , and just stick a pin in a hole like that , " Buzza said .
Technicians will also hook up a panel of electrical , fluid and gas lines .
" When we do come out , we have to hook up about 16 electrical connectors and maybe 20 hoses , " Buzza said .
" Once all that 's connected in , and we put the rest of the pins in , the thing goes up and we lock in the front two pins and hook up those last five [ flange ] connections and we 're ready to go . "
The flanges will link the rocket with ground storage tanks containing liquid oxygen , kerosene fuel , helium , gaserous nitrogen and the first stage ignitor source called triethylaluminum - triethylborane , better known as TEA - TAB .
SpaceX fashioned the transporter in 2008 to be ready for pathfinder tests with a Falcon 9 test vehicle in January 2009 .
Engineers beefed up the structure and added cables and fluid lines throughout 2009 , culminating in a series of loads tests late in the year .
The Falcon 9 was already plugged into the transporter inside the Complex 40 hangar , a glorified steel building spanning 225 long and 75 feet wide at the southern perimeter of the pad .
Barring any problems , workers do n't expect to tinker with rocket 's plug - in ports when it is on the launch pad .
Although Complex 40 was originally designed to launch the labor - intensive Titan 4 booster , SpaceX officials transformed the pad into a " plug and play " facility capable of being ready to launch the Falcon 9 with only a handful of connections , all of which are routed through the transporter .
SpaceX says the preparation paradigm is based on the Ukrainian Zenit rocket , which was built to automatically roll to the pad and launch in less than 90 minutes .
But those lofty goals are far in the future .
For now , SpaceX is taking it slow .
The Falcon 9 rocket moved to the pad Friday stretches 154 feet long and 12 feet wide .
Its payload will be a test article of the company 's Dragon capsule being developed to carry equipment to the International Space Station for NASA .
The Dragon on the inaugural flight will stay attached to the second stage of the launcher after arriving in orbit .
I ’m not sure what to make of the recent Esquire magazine poll that showed 78 percent of “ Republican leaders ” think President Barack Obama is a socialist .
My guess is the GOP brass is posturing for political gain .
Brian P. Moore agrees .
“ The Republicans really do n’t believe he ’s a socialist , ” he said .
“ They just know calling him one gives them an edge and puts the Democrats on the defensive . ”
The s-word does n’t scare Moore .
The 66 - year - old Floridian ran for president on the Socialist Party USA ticket in 2008 .
“ Calling Obama a ‘ socialist ’ is an insult to socialists , ” he said .
“ It ’s more than an easy sound bite , it ’s an outright lie .
The fact that anybody can utter , with a straight face , ‘ President Obama ’ and ‘ socialist ’ in the same sentence is simply beyond my comprehension . ”
Moore insists neither the president nor his party is even close to socialistic .
“ Obama and the Democrats support a free market economy and for - profit corporations , ” said Moore who has stuck up for socialism on the Colbert Report and even Fox News .
“ They support capitalism , which rewards the few at the expense of the many . ”
Obama and the Democrats doubtless would disagree that they favor rich people over poor people .
But they probably would “ amen ” Moore ’s charge that Republicans are guilty of Cold War - style “ red- baiting ” and “ fear mongering ” when they diss Democrats as “ socialists . ”
“ Historically , socialism has been a working class movement .
Thus , wealthy conservatives and their political allies try hard to convince working stiffs that socialism is the same thing as communism , ” Moore said .
“ The GOP ’s entire appeal is aimed at the least informed segment of the American population — the kind of people that buy into that sort of name - calling nonsense , ” added Moore , who lives in Spring Hill , near Tampa .
“ Calling Obama and the Democrats ‘ socialists ’ is another ‘ civilized ’ way for the accusers to get into the gutter without being seen as such . ”
Moore also suspects the “ Obama ’s - a - socialist ” slur is subtly racist .
Most Republicans are conservative white folks , especially in the Red State South , a big part of the GOP ’s base .
No doubt , the Republican brass would bristle at the racism charge .
They ’d be quick to point out that Michael Steele , the Republican National Committee chairman , is black .
But if Moore ’s right , there ’s precedent for GOP bigwigs using “ socialist ” to mask racial prejudice .
In the 1950s and 1960s , white supremacist Southern Democrats — ancestors of many Republicans in the old Confederacy – equated federally - mandated integration with socialism and even communism .
Segregationists skewered the Supreme Court as “ socialist ” and “ communist ” for outlawing school segregation .
They similarly slammed Congress for passing sweeping civil rights bills that overturned Jim Crow laws and put ballots into black hands .
White supremacists claimed Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and other civil rights leaders were “ socialists ” or “ communist agitators . ”
“ Conservatives still consider ‘ socialism ’ to be an all - encompassing evil word , ” Moore explained .
Thus , tagging Obama a “ socialist ” enables covertly racist conservatives to “ to get away with bigotry , ” he added .
Anyway , millions of people in other democratic nations – including our North Atlantic Treaty Organization allies — do n’t think “ socialist ” is a dirty word .
They routinely vote democratic socialist or social democratic parties into power .
( Such parties hold the most seats in the British , Greek , Norwegian , Portuguese and Spanish parliaments .
All five countries are in NATO . )
America is the only industrial democracy without a mainstream democratic socialist or social democratic party .
Elsewhere , the Democrats would be centrist or center - right .
( Today ’s Tea Bagger - friendly GOP would be far to the right of other conservative parties , even Britain ’s Tory Party . )
Meanwhile , Moore wonders if the Republicans who trash Obama as a “ socialist ” are helping the socialist cause , however unwittingly .
“ There is so much talk about socialism that efforts at educating people about what socialism really is may be easier now and in the future , ” he said .
Moore looked into socialism after conservatives started calling him a socialist .
He liked what he found and signed up for the Socialist Party USA .
A lot of Americans might not go for the socialism Moore preaches .
But if they examine the record , they ’ll discover it ’s not totalitarian communism .
Most importantly , socialists like Moore seek change only through the ballot and the democratic process , not via the bullet , repression and bloody revolution .
Communists used all three to gain and keep power in places like the old U.S.S.R , China and North Korea .
The Socialist Party USA , according to Moore , “ seeks a classless society – one that is fairer and more egalitarian , one where the majority of citizens can benefit from a more democratic economic system , instead of a system that rewards only the select few at the top . ”
Moore knows winning many stateside hearts and minds to socialism is a long slog up a steep hill .
He only polled 6,528 votes for president .
But he insists he ’s in the fight for the duration .
He invites even skeptics to check out his Internet website .
You can email him from the site .
Berry Craig
Find the differences : the Little Mermaid
There are lots of little blog posts containing advice about various one - line options you can do in Vim .
This post falls into that category , but I 'm hoping to do a more comprehensive view into one small subsystem of Vim 's configuration : automatic line wrapping .
When programming , automatic line wrapping can be a little obnoxious because even if a piece of code is hanging past the recommended 72/80 column width line , you probably do n't want to immediately break it ; but if you 're writing a text document or an email message , that is specifically the behavior you want .
By default , vim does no automatic line wrapping for you ; turning it on is a question of being able to toggle it on and off when you want it .
Here are the configuration options you care about :
textwidth ( or tw ) : controls the wrap width you would like to use .
Use : set tw= 72 to set the wrap width ; by default it 's unset and thus disables line - wrapping .
If this value is set , you 're entirely at the whimsy of the below formatoptions , which is often filetype sensitive .
to set the wrap width ; by default it 's unset and thus disables line - wrapping .
If this value is set , you 're entirely at the whimsy of the below formatoptions , which is often filetype sensitive .
formatoptions ( or fo ) : controls whether or not automatic text wrapping is enabled , depending on whether or not the t flag is set .
Toggle the flag on with : set fo+=t , and toggle it off with : set fo-=t .
There are also a number of auxiliary format options , but they 're not as important .
flag is set .
Toggle the flag on with , and toggle it off with .
There are also a number of auxiliary format options , but they 're not as important .
wrapmargin ( or wm ) : controls when to wrap based on terminal size ; I generally find using this to be a bad idea .
Understanding the interaction between these two options is important .
Here is a short table of interactions :
tw=0 fo=cq wm=0 : No automatic wrapping , rewrapping will wrap to 80
tw=72 fo=cq wm=0 : No automatic wrapping , rewrapping will wrap to 72
tw=0 fo=cqt wm=0 : No automatic wrapping , rewrapping will wrap to 72
tw=0 fo=cqt wm=5 : Automatic wrapping at a 5 col right margin
tw=72 fo=cqt wm=0 : Automatic wrapping at col 72
Notice that to get automatic wrapping you need both fo+=t as well as tw or wm to be nonzero .
Note also that some filetype will automatically give you fo+=t , while others wo n't .
Here are the keystrokes you care about :
gq : performs a " formatting operation " , which in our universe means " rewrap the text . "
This will respect leading indent and symbolic characters , which is usually nice but a little obnoxious if you 're reflowing a bullet point ( since the text will suddenly acquire asterisks in front of everything ) .
The paragraph motions .
The big one is vip ( preceding v puts us in visual mode , for selection ) , which selects an " inner paragraph " ; this means that if you 're anywhere inside of a paragraph , you can type vip and have the entire thing instantly selected for you , possibly for you to run gq subsequently .
vap is also equivalent , although it selects a whole paragraph and is more appropriate if you want to , say , delete it .
The curly braces move you between paragraphs .
The value of format - options will drastically change the way Vim behaves , so I highly recommend keeping it displayed some where you can reference it quickly .
I use :
set statusline= ... [ %{& fo} ] ...
You probably have a statusline of your own ; just add that small snippet minus the ellipses in somewhere convenient .
For further good measure , I explicitly say set fo-=t in my vimrc , to prevent myself from being surprised ( since I do primarily coding in vim ) .
One more neat trick :
augroup vimrc_autocmds autocmd BufEnter * highlight OverLength ctermbg=darkgrey guibg=#592929 autocmd BufEnter * match OverLength /\%74v .*/ augroup END
This will highlight all characters past 74 columns ( tweak that number as desired ) in dark grey ( tweak that color as desired ) , and is a nice visual cue when auto linewrapping is n't turned on when you should think about breaking things .
When I first got this hack in the mail I immediately thought , hey this looks like something Strobist would do .
After all he did it with a PC - Sync cord .
This great mod from Mario Giambanco takes it one step further .
Instead of using a PC - Sync and a home power cable , Mario used a TTL cable with a network cable .
Simple ?
Kinda .
Genius ?
Surly .
One of the things I really like about it is the extended rage you get , up to 50 feet .
Maybe more .
Radio Poppers , right behind you :)
A couple of weeks ago , I bought an Off Camera TTL Cable for my Nikon D50 – Nice cable , but for $ 60 at a local retailer , it was n’t quite long enough for what I wanted to do .
I wanted to relocate my Nikon SB - 800 to a tripod and use it as an off camera flash .
I was paranoid about cutting into the cable ( it was n’t cheap after all ) , but I finally decided to cut into it and I ’d like to share how I did it with everyone .
Being a systems administrator / network engineer , I started looking around for spare parts / connectors to use .
The TTL cable had 6 wires in it , all the same gauge , stranded wires .
So I cut the TTL cable in half , stripped back the rubber shielding and I used 2 Cat5e network wall jacks , 1 for each end .
Cat5e cabling and jacks consist of 8 wires , so it was a perfect match for this .
The other aspect of those cables is that they are shielded – after all , they transfer high amounts of traffic .
Making sure to use the same wiring pattern on both jacks , I punched the TTL cable down as I would any other network cable .
Put the cover on and used a little electrical tape to ensure the cable would n’t rip out of the jack should it receive any tension from being connected .
It worked perfectly fine .
I ’ve tested the cable with both a 5 foot patch cable and a 50 foot network cable ( both Cat5e ) .
From what I can tell , there is no delay in the flash being triggered .
The Cat5e jacks were a good choice in my opinion because a : their relatively cheap from Home Depot or Lowes , ( 10 for $ 35 or so ) b : reliable as they normally would be caring data and c : easily replaceable .
The following are the steps and some tips to repeat the hack .
1 . Cut the cable in half – I tried to cut the cable in the middle – that way if I screwed up , I ’d have cable left over on either side to repair it .
2 . With a utility knife or razor blade , strip back the rubber shielding on one of the 2 pieces of cable to expose the wires and trim off the excess rubber shielding leaving a nice transition from the rubber to the wire .
You should strip back the rubber shielding about 1.5 to 2 inches to expose enough wire to work with .
You do not want to strip the shielding on the actual colored wires , just the rubber shielding that keeps all the wires together .
Cleanliness is the key in the following steps .
3 . Working with 1 of the pieces of cable , spread out the wires , moving 3 to the left side and 3 to the right side .
The order does n’t matter so long that they match on both cables .
4 . Place the cable into the Cat5e jack .
Looking at the jack , there are teeth on the jack .
Each of these teeth is 1 wire .
There are 4 teeth on each side .
Looking at the jack with the teeth side closest to you , I skipped the first row of teeth .
This left me room to fit the rubber from the cable into the grove of the jack .
When we put the cover on the jack , this will allow it to grip the rubber a bit and make it a bit more secure .
5 . With your finger nails , press the wires into the notches of the teeth .
You just need to line them up to the point where their not falling out .
We ’ll punch them down in a bit .
Keep the wires tight and try to route the wires as neatly as possible .
6 . Once all the wires are placed into the notches , take note of the colors .
On the side of the jack you ’ll see 2 sets of colors , 1 marked B and 1 marked A .
If we were using these jacks for networking , using B on both cables would produce a strait cable ( what we want ) .
Using 1 B and 1 A would produce a crossover cable , which we DO NOT want for this .
For our purposes , we ’ll use B .
You want to note which color wire matches to which color tooth .
We need to repeat this wiring pattern exactly on the other half of the sync cable .
They must be the same .
DISCLAIMER : crossing the wires ( i.e. not using the same color pattern on both sides ) will probably destroy your flash , and or camera .
PLEASE BE CAREFUL )
7 . If you happen to know a network engineer or happen to have a punch down tool , continue on and punch down the wires like any other network cable .
If you do not , your Cat5e jacks should have come with a small plastic punch down tool .
This tool should be gray in color , be a few inches long and have a grove in 1 end of it .
Put the grooved end into the notch of the jack .
Place the jack on a sturdy surface and push the wire into the grove fully .
Push down strait as to not to break the jack .
Not a lot of force is needed , but enough to get the wire into the jack .
8 . Do this to the rest of the wires for this jack .
Once you ’re done , you should have excess wire on the side of the jacks .
Simply cut the excess wire off with scissors .
If you used a punch down tool , such as a Fluke or others , the blade on the tool should have cut off this wire for you .
Repeat steps 2 through 8 for the other piece of Sync Cable .
9 . Once both jacks are punched down and you ’re sure all the colors match up , place the black cover that came with your jack , onto the jack .
This cover should just snap on and not require a lot of force .
This will protect the teeth , wires and keep everything secure .
Once the cover is on , as an additional precaution , I wrapped the jack and the first half inch of sync cable with electrical tape to ensure the sync cable would not rip out of the jack .
As these jacks are not in a wall but could be exposed during travel or roughed up in a camera bag , I wanted to make sure the wires were secure .
10 .
Once everything is covered and finished , simply connect a Strait Cat5e cable to the 2 jack ends .
DO NOT USE A CROSSOVER CABLE .
The word crossover , and as such , the purpose of a crossover cable is to connect 2 PC ’s together without a hub or switch .
To accomplish this , 2 of the wires have to be crossed .
In the networking world , this is perfectly fine .
Since we are not dealing with data but electricity , all be it a small pulse , we need to make sure the wires are strait so that the pulse is only produced on the wire that should transmit it .
Unless the cable was custom made , crossover cables are inherently red in color .
Stay away from red cables for this project :)
Here is an image taken with youthis extended TTL .
Since this is a Strobist Corner post , Strobist : SB800 attached to this cable is on the left to light her face , Alien Bees 400 on the right to light her hair .
Shot with a 50 mm Nikon prime lens .
Model is sitting in front of a 5 in 1 reflector with the black side showing .
Pledge $ 50 and I 'll embed an image of your choice ( subject to approval & it will only be visible at the highest zoom levels ) into one of my GigaPan images and create a snapshot with recognition of your pledge on GigaPan.org .
Less
Next week , Georgianne Nienaber departs on a 12 - day investigative research trip to Haiti where she will look to fill in gaps in the mainstream media ’s news coverage while also providing emergency medical assistance to rural Haitians .
As she works with Haitian human rights organizations to develop story ideas , she also invites LA Progressive readers to contribute their thoughts on where else she might look .
For the past year , Georgianne has provided our readers with in - depth coverage of the often overlooked human rights tragedy in Africa based on her research in South Africa , Rwanda , and the Democratic Republic of Congo from 2007 to 2009 .
She expects to complete a book on the horrific violence and human dislocation going on in eastern Congo later this year .
Accompanying Georgianne from her native Minnesota will be a doctor , who will bring drugs and useful small equipment .
Rural areas of Haiti have not seen doctors since before the devastating earthquake on January 12th , they ’re told .
An estimated quarter million Haitians died in the 7.0 earthquake , a toll the coming spring rains and the spread of infectious disease could well increase .
Georgianne is equipped to serve as a nurse and emergency medical tech as needed .
As a first investigation , she will look into reports that missionaries are requiring earthquake victims and others requiring medical aid to renounce Vodun before receiving treatment .
Georgianne will also attempt to look at the militarization of the Haitian countryside as a result of the catastrophe and the potential involvement of foreign mercenaries looking to profit from the misery of others .
We encourage you to use the “ Comments ” section below give Georgianne other story ideas you ’d like to see her pursue .
She will supply reports as often as communications facilities allow while she ’s in Haiti and then in greater detail once she returns .
Dick Price , Editor
The first rule of the iPhone developer program is :
You do not talk about the iPhone developer program .
Before you create software for the iPhone , Apple demands that you sign away a laundry list of rights , including the ability to sell rejected apps through other channels , the ability to sue Apple for more than $ 50 , and the ability to reverse - engineer or modify the iPhone or its SDK – and even the right to talk about your agreement with Apple .
The iPhone Developer Program License Agreement ( .pdf ) spells out all these requirements and more .
Previously secret , the agreement has been acquired and published with the help of the Freedom of Information Act .
The Electronic Frontier Foundation reported Monday evening that it gained access to a March 2009 version of the agreement .
EFF noticed that NASA had developed an iPhone app , so the cyber - rights foundation then used the Freedom of Information Act to obtain the agreement from NASA .
The space agency judged that the FOIA trumps the Apple agreement , so they turned the Apple document over to EFF .
The contents of the agreement are hardly surprising , The EFF 's Fred von Lohmann summed up the highlights :
A ban on public statements , forbidding developers to speak about the agreement .
Apps made with the iPhone software development kit can only be distributed through the App Store , meaning rejected apps can't be served through the underground app store Cydia , for instance .
Apple 's liability is limited to $ 50 , meaning that if a developer sues Apple , Apple 's liability to the developer is limited to $ 50 .
If Apple gets sued by a third party because of the developer 's actions , then Apple could seek to recoup all amounts from the developer .
No reverse engineering , or enabling others to reverse - engineer , the iPhone SDK .
No messing with Apple products .
That means no apps that enable modifying or hacking Apple products are allowed .
Apple can " revoke digital certification of any of Your Applications at any time . "
No surprise there : Your app can be pulled even if it 's already been approved , which we 've already seen happen a number of times .
" If Apple 's mobile devices are the future of computing , you can expect that future to be one with more limits on innovation and competition ... than the PC era that came before , " von Lohmann wrote .
" It 's frustrating to see Apple , the original pioneer in generative computing , putting shackles on the market it ( for now ) leads . "
Though the agreement may appear one - sided , Apple 's nondisclosure agreement for developers was more strict when the App Store first opened .
Apple imposed a nondisclosure agreement in 2008 forbidding developers to discuss developing for iPhone OS 2.0 .
Developers were turned off by the NDA , because it stifled them from discussing programming tips with one another .
Apple later dropped this part of the nondisclosure agreement , saying its purpose was to protect its intellectual property .
i Phone Developer Program License Agreement ( .pdf )
Photo : Jon Snyder / Wired.com
WICHITA , Kan . ( AP ) —
Those living on the virulent edge of the anti-abortion movement pinned their hopes on Scott Roeder .
Testifying in his own defense , a remorseless and resolute Roeder insisted he had committed a justified act for the defense of unborn children by killing Dr. George Tiller , one of the country ’s few physicians to offer late - term abortions .
It was a bold legal strategy that , if successful , had the potential to radically alter the debate over abortion by reducing the price for committing such an act of violence .
ADVERTISEMENT
When it failed , those who share Roeder ’s passionate , militant belief against abortion were outraged :
One said they are getting tired of being treated as a “ piece of dirt ” unable to express the reasons for such acts in court .
So while relieved at the outcome , abortion - rights advocates worry a verdict that should be a deterrent will instead further embolden those prone to violence .
“ Many of those who came here in his support will be key to making ( Roeder ) a martyr for their cause _ all in furtherance of advocating deadly violence , ” said Kathy Spillar , executive vice president of the Feminist Majority Foundation .
Roeder faces a minimum sentence of life imprisonment with the possibility of parole after 25 years in prison when he ’s sentenced March 9 , although prosecutors will ask the judge to require the 51 - year - old Kansas City , Mo. , man to serve at least 50 years behind bars before he is eligible for parole .
His attorneys plan to appeal , arguing jurors should have been allowed to consider the lesser charge of voluntary manslaughter , requiring proof that Roeder had an unreasonable but honest belief that deadly force was justified .
The Rev. Donald Spitz , of Chesapeake , Va. , who runs the Army of God Web site supporting violence against abortion providers , said the rejection of that argument has upset those who view Roeder as a hero .
“ I know there is not a lot of good feeling out there _ everybody is pretty angry , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Spitz was the spiritual adviser to Paul Hill and was with him at his 2003 execution for the killing of a Florida abortion provider and a clinic escort in 1994 , an event that led to a lull in violence at abortion clinics .
While saying he knows nothing of impending plans by others against abortion doctors , Spitz scoffed at suggestions that Roeder ’s conviction will have a similar effect .
“ Times change , ” Spitz said .
“ People are not as passive as they have been .
They are more assertive . ”
Such comments terrify abortion - rights advocates , who say they ’ll continue to press the Obama administration for deeper protections , such as buffer zones around clinics , to protect doctors against others who might follow in Roeder ’s steps .
Vicki Saporta , president of the National Abortion Federation , said her group had noticed a rise in anti-abortion violence over the past year .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We used to have members report incidents once a month _ now it ’s every day , ” Saporta said .
“ Every time , we forward it on to Justice Department task force , and they report it to FBI so nothing slips through the cracks . ”
Others are demanding a federal investigation and prosecution of what they claim is a network of extremists , citing Roeder ’s testimony that he talked to others about justifiable homicide of abortion doctors .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ To see each murder as an isolated attack by one individual misses the fact there are these connections , ” said Nancy Northup , president of the Center for Reproductive Rights .
“ It ’s of extreme concern that some anti-choice fanatics will want to see themselves martyred in similar ways .
It is a frightening possibility there will be copy cats . ”
Spitz said he has twice been subpoenaed to testify before grand juries in the past and FBI agents have been to his house several times .
He disavows the existence of any organized conspiracy .
“ We do n’t have a group , ” he said .
“ It is a belief system . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
At least one Justice Department official attended the trial , along with agents from the FBI .
Justice officials in Washington declined to comment Friday .
But in the wake of Tiller ’s death , the Justice Department increased security around women ’s health facilities and opened an ongoing investigation to try to determine if Roeder had accomplices .
Among the other spectators at the trial was Randall Terry , the founder of Operation Rescue , which organized the 1991 “ Summer of Mercy ” protests that included attempts to block Tiller ’s Wichita clinic and led to more than 2,700 arrests .
As the jury was deliberating in Wichita , Terry said he believed that no matter the outcome of Roeder ’s trial , more violence was inevitable .
“ The blood of these babies slain by Tiller is crying for vengeance , ” he said .
Bankruptcy is the most affordable , fastest working , constitutionally backed legal mechanism available for Americans in financial trouble .
Biales Delchin uses Chapter 7 and Chapter 13 bankruptcy to offer powerful protections to people that cannot be had in any other way .
Some of those protections are as follows :
1. ) Protection of Assets :
Once a bankruptcy is filed the Court protects many assets from being taken .
It also prevents garnishment of wages .
In almost all cases we are able to keep a person in their home , keep their cars , and all of their personal belongings to name just a few of the benefits .
2. ) Protection from Creditors :
Once your bankruptcy is filed , you receive a legal protection called an Automatic Stay .
This “ stay ” prevents creditors and debt collectors from making contact with or trying to collect money from you .
The automatic stay will stop foreclosure , lawsuits , wage garnishments , vehicle repossession , utility shut off , license suspensions for uninsured accident damage to another motor vehicle and more .
3. ) Discharge of Debt : Upon completion of the bankruptcy your debt is eliminated and does not ever have to be paid back .
4. ) Time to catch up on Payment :
In many cases bankruptcy filers get a chance to catch up on payments that are overdue on your home , car , or other assets .
5. ) Re-build Your Credit : Bankruptcy clears up and resolves your debt , judgments , delinquencies , foreclosure and other bad marks on your credit rating and gives you a “ fresh slate ” upon which to re-build your credit .
It also prevents creditors from coming after you years down the line for debts that are labeled “ write offs ” or “ charge offs ” by the bank on your credit report but that , unknown to most , are still collectible .
6. ) It Works Fast :
We are able to stop creditor harassment , lawsuits , foreclosures , garnishments , repossessions and a whole lot of other problems FAST with bankruptcy .
Bankruptcy is not like applying for a bank loan .
It moves fast .
The protections discussed can be used the same day we file .
Some of these protections like stopping harassing phone calls are available immediately upon giving us money down for representation .
Bankruptcy is about having peace of mind and relief now but it is also about financial planning for the future .
It is about re-establishing credit , keeping the property you have accumulated throughout life and resolving all of your current debt and bad marks on your record so that you will be in good financial standing in a few years .
It is about a fresh start in life .
EVERYONE DESERVES A FRESH START !
Even though a bankruptcy is technically public record , the fact that you are filing bankruptcy will only be known by a few people who you probably will never even come in contact with - let alone know .
It is not published in the local newspapers .
The truth is that no one really cares whether you file bankruptcy anyway .
They are too concerned with their own problems .
Many of them are in the same shoes as you .
Bankruptcy is an act of love to yourself and your family .
You do not need to live in fear of debt collectors , lawsuits , losing your home or any of the other dreaded consequences of financial problems .
You do not have deal with the unbearable anxiety of financial stress .
We cannot cure your cancer but we can cure your debt problems .
We can help you regain your peace of mind .
It is important to remind yourself that financial problems are temporary .
They come and they go .
Your health is permanent .
Do not allow yourself to lose your permanent health over your temporary financial problems .
Biales Delchin offers to start bankruptcy protection and stop bill collector harassment for only three hundred dollars down .
If you think Bankruptcy might be able to help you , please call us for a free , confidential , no obligation consultation .
Yulia Tymoshenko is refusing to go despite requests from the new president
By Dariya Merkusheva
BBC News , Ukraine
Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko withdrew her appeal case against the elections results from the Supreme Administrative court and the court has closed the case .
But she has not conceded .
She said once again that Viktor Yanukovych will never be considered Ukraine 's legitimately elected president .
This is in stark contrast to her fellow Orange Revolutionary - incumbent Ukrainian President Viktor Yushchenko .
On Saturday he finally congratulated his long - time rival , Mr Yanukovych , on a legitimate victory .
Sergei Mishchenko , an MP from Mrs Tymoshenko's party , has said their party is planning to boycott the inauguration ceremony scheduled for 25 February .
He also added Mrs Tymoshenko is not giving in , she will not recognise the elections results and she will continue to work as prime minister .
Mr Yanukovych has asked Mrs Tymoshenko to step down from her post on several occasions .
And she has said that she will not .
President - elect Yanukovich 's Regions Party might seek a new coalition
As president , Mr Yanukovych does not have the right to fire or to appoint a prime minister - that is up to Ukraine 's parliament .
At the moment Mrs Tymoshenko's party is still part of the parliamentary coalition , but negotiations are under way to form a new coalition based on Mr Yanukovych 's Regions Party .
One of the leaders of the Regions Party , Nikolai Azarov , speaking to Ukrainian TV channel Inter , said it was fantastic to even consider the possibility of Mrs Tymoshenko remaining in her post for much longer .
But no - one here in Ukraine thinks it will be an easy task to remove her .
Country in limbo Once MPs form a new coalition they are likely to vote Mrs Tymoshenko's government out , but until a new government is formed - and that can take weeks in the current political situation - Mrs Tymoshenko will remain as acting prime minister under President Yanukovych .
Analysts agree that little will be achieved in those weeks , and the country will remain in limbo .
Of course , these coalition talks depend on many factors , on internal politics and favours .
If they fail , Ukrainians will have to vote once again - in early parliamentary elections .
Either way , despite peoples ' hopes , the economic situation is not likely to improve drastically .
Last year the country 's economy shrank by 15 % .
Mr Yanukovich vowed to unite the country Mr Yanukovych has promised to improve the lives of those most disadvantaged - state workers and pensioners .
During his election campaigning he also promised to create more jobs .
But with a government run by his rival he will experience difficulties in fulfilling any of his promises .
Mrs Tymoshenko will also not be able to push any of her priorities .
The country is still living according to last year 's budget .
It is even unclear where the money for the inauguration is to come from .
Ukraine is also waiting for the much needed last tranche of the $ 16.4bn ( £ 10.6 bn ) bailout programme from the International Monetary Fund .
This payment was suspended last year - until after the presidential elections - with a specific demand from the IMF for political stability and a democratic transfer of power .
However , Mr Yanukovych will have to consider what his rival stands for .
Nearly half the country did , after all , vote for Mrs Tymoshenko , and he won by a small margin .
He promised to unite the country - the Russian - speaking east and south that backed him overwhelmingly , and the Western Ukrainian - speaking half that backed Mrs Tymoshenko .
But no - one is really certain how he will achieve that .
Just after the elections
Mr Yanukovych said he was still undecided whether to visit Russia or an EU country first , but now the Kremlin is saying Mr Yanukovych will go to Moscow in early March .
There are no announcements about a visit to a Western European capital yet .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Gardeners who are interested in heirloom and open - pollinated varieties of vegetables and flowers as well as certified organic seeds have more choices than ever .
The first article in this series mentioned eight small companies that deserve wider recognition .
Here are nine more :
The Redwood City Seed Co :
No hybrids from this California seed house , just “ good - tasting , open - pollinated , heirloom varieties . ”
Owners Craig and Sue Dremann hawk other vegetables , but their long suit is peppers : more than 100 varieties and most hot enough to knock your socks off .
Overwhelmed by the choices ?
Pick one of 15 pepper collections , such as Rarest Peppers , or Asian Varieties .
Or World ’s Hottest , capsicums certified to scorch your esophagus .
Fedco Seeds :
You need not live in Maine nor be a member to order seeds from Fedco , but you ’ll need to join with friends to get the large - order discount for any of its 971 vegetable , herb , and flower seeds , a crackerjack scramble of varieties that thrive where frostbite is common .
Over the years this civic - minded seed cooperative has added tubers , bulbs , trees , and organic supplies to its inventory .
its orders have also grown , from 98 in 1978 to more than 24,000 last year .
Select Seeds - Antique Flowers : Connecticut flower fancier Marilyn Barlow ’s roll call of seeds and plants belongs to an earlier time , when flowers had fewer ruffles , frills , and outlandish colors .
Hers is a bevy of nearly 300 heirlooms , including scores of flowers worth growing for redolence alone .
Heliotrope ‘ Marine ’ , a dark purple variety , attracts both butterflies and the nose .
Or add sweet rocket , a favorite of Marie Antoinette , to your backyard Versailles .
B & T World Seeds : B&T is the mother lode , the largest commercial seed roster in the world and the place to find rarities .
In addition to the Master Seed List of more than 35,000 different annuals , perennials , shrubs , and trees , there are hundreds of subject lists , including Paving Joint Filler Plants , Fern Spore Species , and Oriental Herbs & Vegetables .
A search engine for this French firm ’s catalog solves the needle - in - the - hay - stack dilemma posed by its gargantuan seed trove .
Ornamental Edibles : “ I feel pretty ” is the theme music for this California emporium , which is jam - packed with untreated seeds for vegetables , herbs , and edible flowers that like to look – as well as taste – good .
The no-frills catalog , which contrasts with its colorful wares , overflows with gorgeous edibles , including a superstar lineup of salad ingredients , such as arugula , tatsoi , pak choy , radicchio , frisee , escarole , mache , purslane , minutina , and mustard .
All mix well with any of the four dozen lettuces .
T’s Flowers & Things : Teresa
Daly hankers after a farm so she can grow more of her own seeds while already offering an appealing mix of tried - and - true annuals and perennial flowers , shrubs , and vines .
Ms. Daly , located in the Indiana heartland , sells inexpensive plants , too , but keen gardeners will be most interested in her perennial flower seeds , some of which come with a warning that the variety is open pollinated and the grower should expect “ a little variation . ”
D.V. Burrell Seed Growers Co. : Colorado ’s Burrell family has been growing and selling a gold mine of vegetable and flower seeds for more than a century , but its heart belongs to melons : cantaloupes , casabas , crenshaws , honeydews , muskmelons , and watermelons .
Reading only a few descriptions — “ flesh light emerald green , thick , juicy and tender ” or “ flesh thick , golden , crisp , juicy and sweet ” or “ flesh firm , sweet , salmon colored and thick ” — suggests that one might very well live by melon alone .
Abundant Life Seeds .
Devastated by fire in 2003 , nonprofit Abundant Life has joined its seed business with Territorial Seed Co. Abundant Life is primarily edibles ( all seeds are certified organic ) while the seed and plant menu at Territorial is longer and more varied .
In addition to seeds , both can supply you with ladybugs , predatory nematodes , and other natural controls to keep aphids and other pests at bay in your garden .
Sunrise Seeds :
A treasure - trove of annual , biennial , and perennial flowers ( and a few edibles ) from this family - run Indiana seed provider , including two dozen sunflowers that will have you and the birds salivating .
So will the nasturtium choices – pale yellow through orange to mahogany – and the handpicked list of morning glories — even the elusive Himalayan blue poppy .
It ’s a Meconopsis , not a Papaver , but do n’t let botanical nomenclature keep you from adding it to your garden .
( This is the second of a three - part series . )
Karan Davis
Cutler is one of eight garden writers who blog regularly at Diggin ’
It .
She 's a former magazine editor and newspaper columnist and the author of scores of garden articles and more than a dozen books , including “ Burpee - The Complete Flower Gardener ” and “ Herb Gardening for Dummies . ”
She now struggles to garden in the unyieldingly dense clay of Addison County , Vt. , on the shore of Lake Champlain , where she is working on a book about gardening to attract birds and other wildlife .
Editor ’s note :
To read more by Karan Davis Cutler , click here .
The Monitor ’s main gardening page offers articles on many gardening topics .
See also our Diggin '
It blog archive and RSS feed .
You may want to visit Gardening With the Monitor on Flickr .
Take part in the discussions and get answers to your gardening questions .
If you join the group ( it ’s free ) , you can upload your garden photos and enter our next contest .
An increase in the variability of local conditions could do more to harm biodiversity than slower shifts in climate , a new study has found .
Climate scientists predict more frequent storms , droughts , floods and heat waves as the Earth warms .
Although extreme weather would seem to challenge ecosystems , the effect of fluctuating conditions on biodiversity actually could go either way .
Species able to tolerate only a narrow range of temperatures , for example , may be eliminated , but instability in the environment can also prevent dominant species from squeezing out competitors .
" Imagine species that have different optimal temperatures for growth .
In a fluctuating world , neither can get the upper hand and the two coexist , " said Jonathan Shurin , an ecologist at the University of California , San Diego who led the project .
Ecologists have observed similar positive effects on populations of organisms as different as herbacious plants , desert rodents , and microscopic animals called zooplankton .
Now a study of zooplankton found in dozens of freshwater lakes over decades of time has revealed both effects .
Shurin and colleagues found fewer species in lakes with the most variable water chemistry .
But lakes with the greatest temperature variations harbored a greater variety of zooplankton , they report in the journal Ecology Letters January 21 .
Their study considered data from nine separate long - term ecological studies that included a total of 53 lakes in North America and Europe .
In addition to sampling zooplankton , scientists had also taken physical measurements repeatedly each season for periods ranging from 3 to 44 years .
From these data , they calculated the variability of 10 physical properties , including pH and the levels of nutrients such as organic carbon , phosphorus and nitrogen .
Temperatures and the amount of oxygen dissolved in the water at both the surface and bottom of each lake were also included .
The authors also teased apart variation based on the pace of change with year - to - year changes considered separately from changes that occurred from season - to - season or on more rapid timescales .
Zooplankton populations respond quickly to changes because they reproduces so fast .
" In a summer , you 're sampling dozens of generations , " Shurin said .
" For mammals or annual plants , you would have to watch for hundreds or thousands of years to see the same population turnover . "
At every time scale the pattern held : Ecologists found fewer species of zooplankton in lakes with fluctuating water chemistry and greater numbers of species in those with varying temperatures .
The authors noted that the temperature variations they observed remained within normal ranges for these lakes .
But some chemical measures , particularly pH and levels of phosphorus , strayed beyond normal limits due to pollution and acid rain .
Environmental variability through time could either promote or reduce biodiversity depending on the pace and range of fluctuations , the authors suggested .
" It may depend on the predictability of the environment .
If you have a lot of violent changes through time , species may not be able to program their life cycles to be active when conditions are right .
They need the ability to read the cues , to hatch out at the right time , " Shurin said .
" If the environment is very unpredictable , that may be bad for diversity , because many species just wo n't be able to match their lifecycles to that . "
Shurin's 10 co-authors include scientists from environmental agencies in Canada , and universities and research institutes in Canada , Germany , Switzerland and the United States .
The Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada supported Shurin 's work on this study .
It appears when you break down the early ratings for the Monday Night War between WWE RAW and TNA Impact , TNA Wrestling came out the big winners .
TNA wound up with the biggest boost to their audience due to the live Monday battle than the World Wrestling Entertainment .
TNA came away with new fans , more exposure , and a lot of confidence , whereas the WWE may need to think twice about future Monday Night Wars .
I do n’t like the get too much into the ratings because I think they are incredibly overblown in pro wrestling .
I like to judge the success of a pro wrestling company on the number of pay - per - view buys .
Even if 100 million people tune in and watch your free show on Monday night , if only 40,000 order your show it all means nothing at the end of the day .
So the true test will be to see how many people in this new audience translate to customers for TNA Wrestling .
Yet in the immediate battle , they are the clear winners as far as I ’m concerned .
The WWE show generated averaged a 3.6 rating overall on the show .
The final segment with Bret Hart and Vince McMahon got a big boost with a 4.4 on the overrun with no competition .
The chances are that TNA ’s viewers tuned in for the final minutes after TNA Impact went off of the air .
TNA Impact scored big with the Hulk Hogan segment .
The company made history with 2.9 million people tuning into the show to see the Hulkster , which is a record number for TNA .
The battle between Hulk Hogan and his impact ( no pun intended ) and Bret Hart on the programs is also quite interesting .
Hogan ’s segment with the N.W.O. and Eric Bischoff at 9 PM was the highest rated segment for the show , generating a 1.88 .
Once again , this was a record number for TNA Impact .
Bret Hart opened the WWE RAW program with a 3.6 rating .
The 3.6 is really not that impressive to the WWE if you take into account numbers over the last several months .
If you break it down and look at the increase in TNA viewership , the time , and the immediate decrease once Hogan left , it looks like one of a few things happened .
Either WWE fans turned their televisions on at 9 and either stumbled across TNA and stayed , friends called friends to let them know Hogan was on , or fans tuned into RAW saw Bret Hart , flipped to Spike TV to check out TNA , saw Hogan and opted to stay and see how the N.W.O. reunion was going to play out .
All in all this is tremendous news for TNA Wrestling .
TNA had many doubters including yours truly that were predicting ratings below 1.0 .
Personally , I just did n’t see Hogan having that big of an impact in 2010 to TNA .
I was wrong .
It would have been interesting to see what TNA could have done if they did more promotion on the show .
Unless you read Dixie Carter ’s Twitter or a wrestling news website , you had no idea that Jeff Hardy , the N.W.O. , Ric Flair , or any other surprises were expected .
In TNA ’s position , I do n’t think you can afford the luxury of teasing surprises .
Imagine how many fans would have tuned in if they knew for two weeks that Ric Flair , the N.W.O. , and Jeff Hardy would be joining Hulk Hogan on the show ?
It is really tough to get a read on the WWE number .
It is a nice number , but nowhere near what was expected with Bret ’s return .
It appears that while Bret did a really nice number , the audience seemed to tune out after he left and checked back in at the end .
The JeriShow vs. Degeneration X did bump up to a 4.0 , so it looks like fans were tuning in and out , with that match being the only match of interest to keep fans locked in to the show .
Yet the 3.6 rating that the show settled in with is actually below a show from last year that featured Donald Trump and a commercial - free edition of WWE RAW which did a 4.5 rating last June .
The WWE also did n’t do much to distinguish this show from any other RAW .
It was obvious that this was TNA Wrestling ’s WrestleMania as they threw everything that they possibly could against the wall to grab some new fans .
Other than Bret Hart , there was n’t really anything else promoted or done differently from most RAWs .
Kofi and Orton did n’t mean a whole lot after the way Kofi ’s been squashed lately , and JeriShow vs. DX is n’t going to do monster numbers .
In all fairness to the WWE , two of the WWE ’s biggest superstars in the Undertaker and John Cena were n’t even on the show .
This is a tremendous start for TNA Wrestling ’s new direction .
The real test for TNA will be for the next pay - per-view , and the next few weeks of television .
If the pay - per - view numbers are n’t boosted , than what does this all mean ?
It means that fans want to watch an exciting television show , but they are n’t compelled to buy anything promoted on Impact .
On the flip side , a big boost in the numbers would justify everything TNA has going for them today and prove a lot of critics wrong .
Between Jeff Hardy , Hulk Hogan , and Ric Flair , TNA better do great business because none of those guys are coming cheap .
Order the new WWE Hulk Hogan ’s Unreleased Collector ’s Series DVD collection by clicking here .
Order Hulk Hogan ’s new autobiography , My Life Outside the Ring by clicking here .
From the ring to your wall – WWE REAL .
BIG Wall Graphics on sale now at Fat Head !
( Visited 21 times , 1 visits today )
Eric G. Eric is the owner and editor - in - chief of the Camel Clutch Blog .
Eric has worked in the pro wrestling industry since 1995 as a ring announcer in ECW and a commentator / host on television , PPV , and home video .
Eric also hosted Pro Wrestling Radio on terrestrial radio from 1998 - 2009 .
Check out some of Eric 's work on his IMDB bio and Wikipedia .
Eric has an MBA from Temple University 's Fox School of Business .
More Posts - Website Follow Me :
Our Mission
" To protect endangered livestock and poultry breeds from extinction ”
Why save them ?
Many of America ’s once - common farm animals face extinction if we do not take action now .
Rare farm animals represent an irreplaceable piece of earth ’s biodiversity and offer incredible variety that may be needed for future farms - robust health , mothering instincts , foraging , and the ability to thrive in a changing climate .
These farm animals are a vital part of ensuring food security for our planet – now and for the future .
How you can help ...
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Monday 15 March 2010
Claus von Stauffenberg was shot for his failed attempt to assassinate Hitler and remove the Nazi party from power in 1944 , not hanged as we say below .
Germany 's state broadcaster is locked in a row with the Church of Scientology which wants to block an upcoming feature film that depicts the controversial organisation as totalitarian and unethical .
Bis Nichts Mehr Bleibt , or Until Nothing Remains , dramatises the account of a German family torn apart by its associations with Scientology .
A young married couple joins the organisation but as the wife gets sucked ever more deeply into the group , her husband , who has donated much of his money to it , decides to leave .
In the process he loses contact with his young daughter who , like his wife , is being educated by Scientology instructors .
Scientology leaders have accused Germany 's primary public TV network , ARD , of creating in top secret a piece of propaganda that sets out to undermine the group , and have demanded to see it before it is broadcast .
The 90 - minute film reflects an unease in Germany about the organisation , which boasts several thousand members across the country and has its headquarters in central Berlin .
The church is considered anti-constitutional by its critics .
Tension reached its peak during the making of Valkyrie , the 2008 film about the plot to assassinate Hitler , when opponents said Scientology leaders had engineered the placing of Tom Cruise , its most prominent member , in the role as Nazi resistance fighter Claus von Stauffenberg , in order to win German supporters .
The organisation dismissed the claim .
The filming of Valkyrie sparked numerous clashes between the filmmakers and the government , which initially prevented them from filming on several historical sites , including the Bendler Block where Stauffenberg was hanged , due in part to Cruise 's association with Scientology .
The ban was eventually lifted .
According to the makers of Until Nothing Remains , the € 2.5 m ( £ 2.3 m ) drama , which is due to air in a prime - time slot at the end of March , is based on the true story of Heiner von Rönns , who left Scientology and suffered the subsequent break - up of his family .
Scientology officials have said the film is false and intolerant .
At a preview screening in Hamburg members distributed flyers in which the filmmakers were accused of seeking to " create a mood of intolerance and discrimination against a religious community " .
Jürg Stettler , a spokesman for Scientology in Germany said : " The truth is precisely the opposite of that which the ARD is showing . "
The organisation is investigating legal means to prevent the programme from being broadcast .
Stettler said the organisation was planning its own film to " spread our own side of the story " .
ARD 's programme director Volker Herres has dismissed the accusations , saying the aim of the drama is to reveal the truth about the organisation .
" We 're not dealing here with a religion , rather with an organisation that has completely different motives , " he said .
" Scientology is about power , business , and building up a network .
Its lessons are pure science fiction , it 's no religion , no church , no sect . "
The film team said it had been " bombarded " with phone calls and emails from the organisation during production .
The head of the Southwest German broadcasting organisation , Carl Bergengruen who was involved in the project , said Scientology had " tried via various means to discover details about the film " and that the film crew was even tailed by a Scientology representative .
" We are fearful that the organisation will try to use all legal means to try to stop the film being shown , " he said .
Pulled pork ( in the oven ) recipe
Pulled pork is the litmus test we use for barbecue and is a favorite to serve for large get togethers .
Using a smoker is traditional , but buying a large dedicated device is n't necessary to have excellent results .
We use a dutch oven which makes this recipe completely apartment friendly .
It 's so good your guests will be looking for your smoker in the backyard .
Pulled pork can be made with different cuts , but we use pork shoulder / boston butt ( the same cut used in our carnitas recipe ) .
It 's fatty , has tons of flavor and is usually easy to find and reasonable in cost .
Bone in is best , but boneless is n't a deal breaker .
This pork is great as - is , but we like to serve as BBQ pork sliders -- toss with a little barbecue sauce and serve on a small roll with pickles .
Like many of our recipes , this is more of a technique than something very specific to follow .
Feel free to experiment , it 's hard to mess up pork shoulder .
The general method we 're using is a spice rub followed by a long and slow cooking inside of a dutch oven with high humidity .
Recipe
Dry rub ingredients
( The proportion is what 's important , scale to your needs depending on the amount of meat you 're using ) 1 tablespoon brown sugar
1 tablespoon paprika
2 teaspoons kosher salt
1 teaspoon black pepper
1 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1 teaspoon mustard powder Ingredients 1 bone - in pork shoulder ( sometimes called Boston butt ) , 5 - 10LBs
Several drops Liquid Smoke
1/2 cup Apple juice or water Technique Rub pork thoroughly with dry rub , coating all size .
It 's a big piece of meat , do n't be shy with seasoning .
You can do this up to a day in advance or as little as an hour before hand .
Pre -heat oven to 275ºF
Combine the Apple juice with liquid smoke in a small ramekin , place in the dutch oven
Put the pork in the dutch oven being careful to not spill the liquid .
Cover tightly and place in oven .
Check for tenderness after 5 - 6 hours , larger shoulders may take longer .
The meat should be fall apart tender with the bone pulling out easily without meat attached .
Evacuate to a cutting board and allow to cool until you 're able to comfortably shred the meat with your fingers or two forms .
Discard any large sections of fat .
Posted on February 2nd 2010
Read more posts by the author of Hairy Christ ,
If anyone in Hollywood is reading I have a Da Vinci Code 2 spec script ready to go .
By Roger Harrabin
Environment analyst , BBC News
Professor Jones says he regrets not sharing raw data
Q&A : Phil Jones Phil Jones , the professor behind the " Climategate " affair , has admitted some of his decades - old weather data was not well enough organised .
He said this contributed to his refusal to share raw data with critics - a decision he says he regretted .
But Professor Jones said he had not cheated over the data , or unfairly influenced the scientific process .
He said he stood by the view that recent climate warming was most likely predominantly man-made .
But he agreed that two periods in recent times had experienced similar warming .
And he agreed that the debate had not been settled over whether the Medieval Warm Period was warmer than the current period .
These statements are likely to be welcomed by people sceptical of man-made climate change who have felt insulted to be labelled by government ministers as flat - earthers and deniers .
' Bunker mentality ' Professor Jones agreed that scientists on both sides of the debate could suffer sometimes from a " bunker mentality " .
He said " sceptics " who doubted his climate record should compile their own dataset from material publicly available in the US .
" The major datasets mostly agree , " he said .
" If some of our critics spent less time criticising us and prepared a dataset of their own , that would be much more constructive . "
His colleagues said that keeping a paper trail was not one of Professor Jones ' strong points .
Professor Jones told BBC
News : " There is some truth in that .
" We do have a trail of where the ( weather ) stations have come from but it 's probably not as good as it should be , " he admitted .
" That 's similar with the American datasets .
There were technical reasons for this , with changing data from different countries .
There 's a continual updating of the dataset .
Keeping track of everything is difficult .
Some countries will do lots of checking on their data then issue improved data so it can be very difficult .
We have improved but we have to improve more . "
Professor Jones clarified later that when he had told me that his paper trail was insufficient he meant data trail .
He insisted that he had not lost any original data , but that the sources of some of the data may have been insufficiently clear .
His account is the most revealing so far about his decision to block repeated requests from people demanding to see raw data behind records showing an unprecedented warming in the late 20th Century .
Professor Jones said climate scientists needed to do more to communicate the reasons behind their conclusion that humans were driving recent climate change .
They also needed to be more transparent with data - although he said this process had already begun .
He strongly defended references in his emails to using a " trick " to " hide the decline " in temperatures .
These phrases had been deliberately taken out of context and " spun " by sceptics keen to derail the Copenhagen climate conference , he said .
And he denied any attempt to influence climate data : " I have no agenda , " he said .
" I 'm a scientist trying to measure temperature .
If I registered that the climate has been cooling I 'd say so .
But it has n't until recently - and then barely at all .
The trend is a warming trend . "
He said many people had been made sceptical about climate change by the snow in the northern hemisphere - but they did n't realise that the satellite record from the University of Alabama in Huntsville showed it had been the warmest January since records began in 1979 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Frozen water fell from the sky today , therefore thousands of scientists the world over are liars .
Just go with it .
That ’s the narrative coming from Fox News in their coverage of the heavy snow blanketing the eastern coast of the United States this winter .
Thankfully , there ’s Bill Nye the Science Guy , ready to explain the complexities of climate science in terms easy enough for even a child to digest .
ADVERTISEMENT
Nye , however , jacked his assessment of meteorology into the realm of partisanship , scoffing on MSNBC’s The Rachel Maddow Show on Wednesday night that climate change deniers are “ unpatriotic ” in parroting simple minded , anti-science propaganda .
“ [ We ] remind you that global warming was the first term for this phenomenon that we now call can climate change , ” he said .
“ So it ‘s very reasonable that a snowstorm in Washington that ‘s this severe is a result of climate change . ”
“ There ‘s more energy in the atmosphere , and this is stirring things up , ” Nye continued .
“ If you want to get serious about it , these guys claiming that the snow in Washington disproves climate change are almost unpatriotic .
It ’s really , they ’re denying science . ”
Nye , who once hosted a popular children ’s show , explained that as an educator he ’s noticed a sharp divide between older and younger people when it comes to accepting the science of climate change .
“ This is anecdotal for me , ” Nye said .
“ Older people just have a much harder time grasping the idea that you have many billions of people on the planet with a very , very thin atmosphere , you ‘re able to affect its climate .
It ’s younger people are able to sort of embrace it , understand the evidence and move forward . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Weather , he noted , is day - to - day .
The average global climate on a year - to - year basis , however , is something else entirely .
NASA scientists announced toward the end of January that the last 10 years were the hottest decade in over 2,000 years , with 2009 being the second warmest on record .
“ This thing of denying science , you know , science has done so much to make this country what it is : A technological leader , ” Nye said .
“ It ’s improved the quality of life for so many people , here and around the world .
To deny what scientists or scientific evidence is showing , is inappropriate .
And as I said earlier …
It ’s unpatriotic . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
His words did not sit easily with conservative blog Hot Air , which retaliated in a Thursday post .
“ Maybe Nye is an expert on patriotism ? ” writer Ed Morrissey rhetorically asked .
“ Er , no . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Demanding unquestioning acceptance of recent scientific claims as gospel amounts to a forced belief system , and our Constitution actually has an explicit prohibition against religious tests for office , ” he continued .
“ Is the Constitution unpatriotic as well ?
Maybe
Nye should stick to classroom demonstrations of basic science and leave AGW and the measurement of patriotism to those more intellectually capable of discernment . ”
This video is from MSNBC’s The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast Feb. 11 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
With the PokéWalker , you send Pokémon over to the bit of hardware in order to raise them .
However , when you select the Pokémon to send over , you also have to select a course .
There are a total of 27 PokéWalker courses for you to choose from , all of which are unlocked at various points including some events .
Below is the list of all the courses as well as the Pokémon and items findable within
When you transfer your Pokémon to PokéWalker , the game selects one Pokémon from each of three groups on the course , depending on how much you 've done on that course .
While that Pokémon is in the PokéWalker , you can only get one Pokémon of those three Groups .
To try for another Pokémon , you need to remove the Pokémon and put it back in .
If you put in a Pokémon of one of the three listed types , the steps required for the Pokémon and items is reduced by 25 % .
In addition to that , after you send a Pokémon back and are still in the route , there is a slim chance that a Group C Pokémon will randomly join you .
Please note , the item rarities are rounded up to the nearest whole number .
As there are just over two dozen courses , please use the menu to go to the anchor for each course on this page .
PokéWalker Courses Refreshing Field Noisy Forest Rugged Road Beautiful Beach Suburban Area Dim Cave Blue Lake Town Outskirts Hoenn Field Warm Beach Volcano Path Treehouse Scary Cave Sinnoh Field Icy Mountain Rd. Big Forest White Lake Stormy Beach Resort Quiet Cave Beyond the Sea Night Skys Edge Yellow Forest Rally Sightseeing Winner 's Path Amity Meadow
Refreshing Field
さわやかのはら Location
Johto Special Types :
Fire , Bug , Flying
Unlock Criterea
Beginning
A wonderfully refreshing field for a Stroll .
You can meet many kinds of Pokémon here .
Wild Pokémon
Items
Noisy Forest
ざわざわもり Location
Johto Special Types :
Fire , Ice , Flying
Unlock Criterea
Beginning
A large natural forest that has been allowed to grow .
Many Pokémon live deep in the forest .
Wild Pokémon
Items
Rugged Road
ごつごつみち Location
Johto Special Types :
Water , Fighting , Ground
Unlock Criterea
50 Watts
A hilly , rugged mountain road .
The view from atop the mountain is very beautiful .
Wild Pokémon
Items
Beautiful Beach
きれいうみべ Location
Johto Special Types :
Grass , Electric , Dragon
Unlock Criterea
200 Watts
This beautiful sea is a popular place for a Stroll .
You can meet many Water - type Pokémon .
Wild Pokémon
Items
Suburban Area
じゅうたくち Location
Johto Special Types :
Fighting , Normal , Psychic
Unlock Criterea
500 Watts
A residential area somewhere .
Even when you take a Stroll here , you can meet Pokémon .
Wild Pokémon
Items
Dim Cave
くらいどうくつ Location
Johto Special Types :
Water , Dark , Rock
Unlock Criterea
1000 Watts
A dark cave sometimes used as a test of courage .
Look closely , and you 'll find many Pokémon .
Wild Pokémon
Items
Blue Lake
あおいみずうみ Location
Johto Special Types :
Grass , Electric , Dragon
Unlock Criterea
2000 Watts
A deep , blue lake .
It 's said that some rare Pokémon live at the bottom of this lake .
Wild Pokémon
Items
Town Outskirts
まちのはずれ Location
Johto Special Types :
Fighting , Ghost , Normal
Unlock Criterea
3000 Watts
The outskirts of a town .
Where people have moved away , Pokémon have moved in .
Wild Pokémon
Items
Hoenn Field
ホウエンのはら Location
Hoenn Special Types :
Fire , Bug , Flying
Unlock Criterea
5000 Watts
A Route that goes deep into the Hoenn region .
You can meet many Pokémon not in Johto or Kanto .
Wild Pokémon
Items
Warm Beach
あったかビーチ Location
Hoenn Special Types :
Grass , Electric , Dragon
Unlock Criterea
7500 Watts
A very warm beach in the Hoenn region .
You can meet many Pokémon not in Johto or Kanto .
Wild Pokémon
Items
Volcano Path
かざんのこみち Location
Hoenn Special Types :
Water , Fighting , Rock
Unlock Criterea
10000 Watts
A path through a currently active volcano .
Very fiery and rare Pokémon live here .
Wild Pokémon
Items
Treehouse
ツリーハウス Location
Hoenn Special Types :
Fire , Ice , Flying
Unlock Criterea
15000 Watts
A path that works with the trees of the forest .
Pokémon here are always changing .
Wild Pokémon
Items
Scary Cave
こわいどうくつ Location
Hoenn Special Types :
Dark , Ghost , Rock
Unlock Criterea
20000 Watts
A pitch - black cave that seems haunted .
It 's said that many Pokémon live deep inside .
Wild Pokémon
Items
Sinnoh Field
シンオウのはら Location
Sinnoh Special Types :
Fire , Ice , Flying
Unlock Criterea
25000 Watts
A Route through the Sinnoh region , far from Johto and Kanto .
Rare Pokémon live here .
Wild Pokémon
Items
Icy Mountain Rd .
さむいやまみち Location
Sinnoh Special Types :
Fire , Ice , Ground
Unlock Criterea
30000 Watts
A snow - covered road where a misstep could result in a fall -- it tests your trust in Pokémon .
Wild Pokémon
Items
Big Forest
おおきなもり Location
Sinnoh Special Types :
Fire , Ice , Flying
Unlock Criterea
40000 Watts
A forest surrounded by many old trees since the olden days .
Many Pokémon live here .
Wild Pokémon
Items
White Lake
しろいみずうみ Location
Sinnoh Special Types :
Grass , Electric , Dragon
Unlock Criterea
50000 Watts
A lake concealed in white mist .
It lends a very mysterious feel to the area .
Wild Pokémon
Items
Stormy Beach
あれたうみべ Location
Sinnoh Special Types :
Grass , Electric , Dragon
Unlock Criterea
65000 Watts
Strong waves wash onto this beach .
Because people do n't visit , rare Pokémon live here .
Wild Pokémon
Items
Resort
リゾートち Location
Sinnoh Special Types :
Fighting , Normal , Psychic
Unlock Criterea
80000 Watts
A high - class resort everyone wants to visit , famous for the cute Pokémon living here .
Wild Pokémon
Items
Quiet Cave
しずかどうくつ Location
Sinnoh Special Types :
Dark , Psychic , Ghost
Unlock Criterea
100000 Watts
A quiet , deep , and empty cave .
If you look carefully , you 'll find some rare Pokémon .
Wild Pokémon
Items
Beyond the Sea
うみのむこう Location
Sinnoh Special Types :
Grass , Electric , Dragon
Unlock Criterea
Do an International Trade in the GTS
A small island far away on the horizon .
If you look to the sea , you can see Pokémon swimming .
Wild Pokémon
Items
Night Skys Edge
よぞらのはて Location
Miscellaneous Special Types :
Water , Fighting , Ground
Unlock Criterea
Trade Jirachi to HGSS
A dark mountain path that gives you the feeling you 've traveled through time back to the past .
Wild Pokémon
Items
Yellow Forest
きいろのもり Location
Miscellaneous Special Types :
Ground , Electric , Grass
Unlock Criterea
Wi -Fi Event
Many PIKACHU live in harmony in this forest .
Walk through here frequently , and try to find one !
Wild Pokémon
Items
Rally
Location
Miscellaneous Special Types :
Ground , Psychic , Ice
Unlock Criterea
Event
A fun Route to play with your Pokéwalker .
Take a Stroll and visit the many places !
Wild Pokémon
Items
Sightseeing
おかいもの Location
Miscellaneous Special Types :
Water , Electric , Fighting
Unlock Criterea
Event
You can find many Pokémon on this Route .
Take a long walk and see if you can find them all !
Wild Pokémon
Items
Winner 's Path
チャンプのみち Location
Miscellaneous Special Types :
Dark , Electric , Fighting
Unlock Criterea
Event
If you 're aiming to be Champion , you 'll want to walk this Route !
You 'll meet strong Pokémon !
Wild Pokémon
Items
Amity Meadow
Location
Miscellaneous Special Types :
Fighting , Ground , Fire
Unlock Criterea
Event
You can meet cute Pokémon that evolve through friendship and find items to evolve Pokémon !
Wild Pokémon
The new law hopes to better protect those who face harassment online Ministers in Scotland are considering a new law which would help stop people stalking and harassing their victims by text or online .
Currently those who behave in such a way face a breach of the peace charge .
Justice Secretary Kenny MacAskill wants a new offence outlawing " threatening , alarming or distressing behaviour " .
The government will seek to change this by lodging an amendment to the Criminal Justice and Licensing ( Scotland ) Bill , which is going through parliament .
Once the new powers are enshrined in law they will give prosecutors the ability to act against stalkers who send threatening messages via email , text , phone calls and on internet sites such as Facebook .
' No escape ' Mr MacAskill said : " Stalking can be a deeply frightening crime for victims and we want to ensure that the small minority of perpetrators who engage in this criminal activity are brought to justice .
" We want to send out the message loud and clear that if you carry out this offence , there will be no escape , there will be no wriggle room to exploit and you will be met with by the full force of law . "
A government spokesman said the proposed offence would cover not only the sending of threatening or harassing emails , text messages or phone calls , but also persistent following , pursuing or spying on someone .
He added that the new offence would also ensure that prosecutors can take action in other areas , such as incidents of domestic abuse that take place in isolated locations .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Vesicular stomatitis virus , or VSV , has long been a model system for studying and understanding the life cycle of negative - strand RNA viruses , which include viruses that cause influenza , measles and rabies .
More importantly , research has shown that VSV has the potential to be genetically modified to serve as an anti-cancer agent , exercising high selectivity in killing cancer cells while sparing healthy cells , and as a potent vaccine against HIV .
For such modifications to occur , however , scientists must have an accurate picture of the virus 's structure .
While three - dimensional structural information of VSV 's characteristic bullet shape and its assembly process has been sought for decades , efforts have been hampered by technological and methodological limitations .
Now , researchers at UCLA 's California NanoSystems Institute and the UCLA Department of Microbiology , Immunology and Molecular Genetics and colleagues have not only revealed the 3 - D structure of the trunk section of VSV but have further deduced the architectural organization of the entire bullet - shaped virion through cryo-electron microscopy and an integrated use of image - processing methods .
Their research findings appear this month in the journal Science .
" Structures of individual rhabdovirus proteins have been reported in Science and other high - profile journals , but until now , how they are organized into a bullet shape has remained unclear , " said study author Z. Hong Zhou , UCLA professor of microbiology , immunology and molecular genetics and a member of the CNSI .
" The special shape of VSV -- a bullet head with a short , helical trunk -- has lent to its evasion from three - dimensional structural studies . "
Based on their research into the structure of VSV , the team proposed a model for the assembly of the virus , with its origin at the bullet tip .
Their data suggest that VSV assembles through the alternating use of several possible interaction interfaces coded in viral protein sequences to wind its protein and RNA chain into the characteristic bullet shape .
advertisement
" Our structure provides the first direct visualization of the N and M proteins inside the VSV virion at 10.6 - Å resolution .
Surprisingly , our data clearly demonstrated that VSV is a highly ordered particle , with the nucleocapsid surrounded by , instead of surrounding , a matrix of M proteins , " said lead study author Peng Ge , a visiting graduate student at UCLA from Baylor College of Medicine .
" To our amusement , the sequence in assembling viral protein and RNA molecules into the virus appears to rhyme with the first several measures of Mozart 's piano sonata in C - Major , K.545 . "
( This musical correlation is illustrated in the paper 's supplementary movie 2 . )
The findings could help lead to advances in the development of VSV - based vaccines for HIV and other deadly viruses , according to the researchers .
" Our structure provides some of the first clues for understanding VSV - derived vaccine pseudotypes and for optimizing therapeutic VSV variants , " Zhou said .
" This work moves our understanding of the biology of this large and medically important class of viruses ahead in a dramatic way .
The next stage of research for our team will be to reveal the details of molecular interactions at the atomic scale using advanced imaging instruments now available at CNSI . "
The Electron Imaging Center for Nanomachines ( EICN ) lab at the CNSI has Cryo - EM instrumentation , including the Titan Krios microscope , which makes atomically precise 3 - D computer reconstructions of biological samples and produces the highest - resolution images available of viruses , which may lead to better vaccines and new treatments for disease .
In addition to Z. Hong Zhou and Peng Ge , the research team included colleagues from the laboratory of Ming Luo , professor of microbiology at the University of Alabama at Birmingham , and Stan Schein , UCLA professor of psychology .
The research was supported by the National Institutes of Health .
SAN FRANCISCO ( AFP ) – IBM researchers on Tuesday said they have discovered a way to make Earth - friendly plastic from plants that could replace petroleum - based products tough on the environment .
The breakthrough promises biodegradable plastics made in a way that saves on energy , according to Chandrasekhar “ Spike ” Narayan , a manager of science and technology at IBM ’s Almaden Research Center in Northern California .
ADVERTISEMENT
Almaden and Stanford University researchers said the discovery could herald an era of sustainability for a plastics industry rife with seemingly eternal products notorious for cramming landfills and littering the planet .
“ This discovery and new approach using organic catalysts could lead to well - defined , biodegradable molecules made from renewable resources in an environmentally responsible way , ” IBM said in a release .
The “ green chemistry ” breakthrough using “ organic catalysts ” results in plastics that could be repeatedly recycled , instead of only once as is the case with petroleum - based plastic made using metal oxide catalysts .
Plant plastics could also be made “ biocompatible ” to improve the targeting of drugs in bodies , such as cancer medicines aimed at killing cancer cells but sparing healthy ones , according to IBM .
“ We ’re exploring new methods of applying technology and our expertise in materials science to creating a sustainable , environmentally sound future , ” said Almaden lab research director Josephine Cheng .
ADVERTISEMENT
IBM is working with scientists at King Abdulaziz City for Science and Technology in Saudi Arabia to put the discovery to work in the recycling of plastics used in food and beverage containers .
“ We are really starting to scratch the surface of what we can do with it , ” Narayan said of the process that has been demonstrated in the lab .
Plant plastics for things such as car parts could be made at lower costs than petroleum - based plastics while materials of soda bottle quality are “ competitive , ” according to Narayan .
ADVERTISEMENT
Details of the work are in a paper published this week in the American Chemical Society journal Macromolecules .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Haitian President Rene Preval has said thousands of people are feared dead following a huge quake which has devastated the country 's capital .
Mr Preval said the UN mission chief in Haiti was among the dead , but the UN cannot confirm this .
It said 14 other UN staff had died and 56 were injured .
The 7.0 - magnitude quake , Haiti's worst in two centuries , struck on Tuesday .
Prime Minister Jean - Max Bellerive told US network CNN he believed more than 100,000 people had died .
The Red Cross says up to three million people are affected .
The capital 's Catholic archbishop , Monsignor Joseph Serge Miot , is also among those killed .
In his first interview since the earthquake , President Preval told the Miami Herald newspaper in the US he feared thousands of his people had died .
Describing the scene in the capital as " unimaginable " , he said : " Parliament has collapsed .
The tax office has collapsed .
Schools have collapsed .
Hospitals have collapsed .
Parliament has collapsed .
The tax office has collapsed .
Schools have collapsed .
Hospitals have collapsed
Haitian President Rene Preval
Haiti : LIVE NEWS
In pictures : Haitian earthquake Worst of places for a quake Haiti : How to help " There are a lot of schools that have a lot of dead people in them . "
Mr Preval later said that Hedi Annabi , the Tunisian head of the UN stabilisation mission in Haiti ( Minustah ) , had died after the UN HQ building was destroyed .
The UN said it could not confirm the news but that Mr Annabi had been in the building at the time and was likely to be under the rubble , along with many others .
The main prison in Port - au - Prince has also collapsed , with a UN humanitarian spokeswoman saying there had been reports of escaped inmates .
A number of nations , including the US , UK and Venezuela , are gearing up to send aid .
Speaking in Washington , US President Barack Obama vowed " unwavering support " for Haiti after what he called a " cruel and incomprehensible " disaster .
He said he had ordered " a swift , co-ordinated and aggressive effort to save lives " and that the first US rescue teams would arrive later on Wednesday .
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton announced that she was cutting short a trip to the Pacific in order to return to Washington because of the earthquake .
A US Navy aircraft carrier is expected to reach Haiti in a couple of days and a number of smaller vessels are already in the area , US defence officials said .
Rajiv Shah , of the US Agency for International Development ( USAID ) , said US teams were on their way to Haiti with specialised rescue equipment and that some efforts were already under way on the ground .
International effort
The quake , which struck about 15 km ( 10 miles ) south - west of Port - au - Prince , was quickly followed by two aftershocks of 5.9 and 5.5 magnitude .
The first tremor had hit at 1653 local time ( 2153 GMT ) on Tuesday , the US Geological Survey said .
Phone lines to the country failed shortly afterwards .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
UN officials said at least 14 people had died when the UN 's five - storey headquarters and two smaller buildings in Port - au - Prince collapsed .
Around 100 were still thought to be missing , many feared to be under the rubble .
Ten Brazilians , three Jordanians and one Haitian had been confirmed killed , a senior UN official said , adding that the number was likely to rise .
Stressing a major international relief effort would be needed , UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon said the UN would immediately release $ 10 m ( £ 6.15 m ) from its emergency response fund .
He said aerial reconnaissance showed Port - au - Prince had been " devastated " by the quake , although other areas were largely unaffected .
The airport in Port - au - Prince is operational despite the collapse of the control tower , the UN said , allowing aid to start arriving soon .
The Brazilian army , which has the biggest UN contingent in Haiti , has said a large number of its peacekeepers are missing .
China has indicated in reports in state media that eight of its peacekeepers are dead , with another 10 unaccounted for .
Objects were falling from shelves , there was debris crashing all around .
I clung on to the babies and shielded them as best I could
Susan Westwood
Nurse , Port - au - Prince orphanage
Haiti Earthquake : Your stories UK fire crews aid rescue A spokesman for medical charity Medecins sans Frontieres ( MSF ) said it was able only to offer basic care to the " massive influx " of survivors seeking help because all its buildings had been destroyed .
" Unfortunately what we are seeing is a large number of patients in critical condition , " he said .
There were some reports of looting overnight .
Haiti is the poorest country in the western hemisphere and has suffered a number of recent disasters , including four hurricanes and storms in 2008 that killed hundreds .
With communications destroyed by the earthquake , it is not yet possible to confirm the extent of the destruction , although there were reports on Wednesday of many bodies piled in the streets .
People in the capital were lifting sheets on bodies to try to identify loved ones .
ANALYSIS Gary Duffy , BBC News , Sao Paulo Given Brazil 's central role in leading the military side of the UN peacekeeping mission in Haiti the earthquake has caused a lot of concern and shock here .
The authorities here say 11 soldiers have died and there have been several injuries , and there are fears this number could rise .
It has also been confirmed that Zilda Arns , a prominent Brazilian aid worker and paediatrician , has been killed .
She was a sister of the retired Cardinal Paulo Arns , a major figure in the Catholic Church here .
Some soldiers have managed to make contact to reassure relatives , but given the damage to infrastructure at Brazilian bases , communication is proving difficult , even for the government .
Damage has also been reported in the towns of Jacmel and Carrefour , near Port - au - Prince .
Guido Cornale , a representative of the UN children 's agency Unicef , in Jacmel , said it estimated more than a fifth of buildings there had been destroyed .
The Red Cross is dispatching a relief team from Geneva and the UN's World Food Programme is flying in two planes with emergency food aid .
The Inter - American Development Bank said it was immediately approving a $ 200,000 grant for emergency aid .
The head of the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) said it would co-ordinate with other international agencies to offer help as swiftly as possible .
The World Bank also said it was sending a team to assess the damage and plan recovery .
It said its offices in Port - au - Prince had been destroyed but that most staff were accounted for .
The UK said it was mobilising help and was " ready to provide whatever humanitarian assistance may be required " .
HAITI COUNTRY PROFILE
Half of Caribbean island of Hispaniola History of violence , instability and dictatorship Population of 10 million people Most live on less than $ 2 a day Democratic rule restored in 2006 Economy in ruins and unemployment is chronic UN peacekeepers deployed - foreign aid seen as vital Massive deforestation has left just 2 % forest Storms and hurricanes in 2008 left almost 800 dead
Country profile : Haiti World 's Haiti aid effort Canada , Australia , France and a number of Latin American nations have also said they are mobilising their aid response .
Pope Benedict XVI has called for a generous response to the " tragic situation " in Haiti .
Emmet Murphy , who works for a non-governmental organisation in Haiti , told the BBC : " I was driving through the mountains on my way home to Jacmel when the car started to shake .
It was like a very strong wind was blowing and I nearly lost control of the car .
" I drove further and found the road totally blocked by a massive landslide on the road .
I just knew that if I had reached that spot five minutes earlier , I would have been killed . "
Blogger Troy Livesay , in Port - au - Prince , wrote : " Thousands of people are currently trapped .
To guess at a number would be like guessing at raindrops in the ocean .
Precious lives hang in the balance .
" When pulled from the rubble there is no place to take them for care .
I cannot imagine what the next few weeks and months will be like . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
How To Set Up A Load - Balanced MySQL Cluster
Version 1.0
Author : Falko Timme
This tutorial shows how to configure a MySQL 5 cluster with three nodes : two storage nodes and one management node .
This cluster is load - balanced by a high - availability load balancer that in fact has two nodes that use the Ultra Monkey package which provides heartbeat ( for checking if the other node is still alive ) and ldirectord ( to split up the requests to the nodes of the MySQL cluster ) .
In this document I use Debian Sarge for all nodes .
Therefore the setup might differ a bit for other distributions .
The MySQL version I use in this setup is 5.0.19 .
If you do not want to use MySQL 5 , you can use MySQL 4.1 as well , although I have n't tested it .
This howto is meant as a practical guide ; it does not cover the theoretical backgrounds .
They are treated in a lot of other documents in the web .
This document comes without warranty of any kind !
I want to say that this is not the only way of setting up such a system .
There are many ways of achieving this goal but this is the way I take .
I do not issue any guarantee that this will work for you !
1 My Servers
I use the following Debian servers that are all in the same network ( 192.168.0.x in this example ) :
sql1.example.com : 192.168.0.101 MySQL cluster node 1
: MySQL cluster node 1 sql2.example.com : 192.168.0.102 MySQL cluster node 2
: MySQL cluster node 2 loadb1.example.com : 192.168.0.103 Load Balancer 1 / MySQL cluster management server
: Load Balancer 1 / MySQL cluster management server loadb2.example.com : 192.168.0.104 Load Balancer 2
In addition to that we need a virtual IP address : 192.168.0.105 .
It will be assigned to the MySQL cluster by the load balancer so that applications have a single IP address to access the cluster .
Although we want to have two MySQL cluster nodes in our MySQL cluster , we still need a third node , the MySQL cluster management server , for mainly one reason : if one of the two MySQL cluster nodes fails , and the management server is not running , then the data on the two cluster nodes will become inconsistent ( " split brain " ) .
We also need it for configuring the MySQL cluster .
So normally we would need five machines for our setup :
2 MySQL cluster nodes + 1 cluster management server + 2 Load Balancers = 5
As the MySQL cluster management server does not use many resources , and the system would just sit there doing nothing , we can put our first load balancer on the same machine , which saves us one machine , so we end up with four machines .
2 Set Up The MySQL Cluster Management Server
First we have to download MySQL 5.0.19 ( the max version ! ) and install the cluster management server ( ndb_mgmd ) and the cluster management client ( ndb_mgm - it can be used to monitor what 's going on in the cluster ) .
The following steps are carried out on loadb1.example.com ( 192.168.0.103 ) :
loadb1.example.com :
mkdir /usr / src/mysql-mgm
cd /usr/src/mysql-mgm
wget http://dev.mysql.com/get/Downloads/MySQL-5.0/mysql-max-5.0.19-linux-i686-\
glibc23.tar.gz/from/http://www.mirrorservice.org/sites/ftp.mysql.com/
tar xvfz mysql-max -5.0.19-linux-i686-glibc23.tar.gz
cd mysql-max-5.0.19 -linux-i686-glibc23
mv bin/ndb_mgm /usr/bin
mv bin/ndb_mgmd /usr/bin
chmod 755 /usr/bin/ndb_mg *
cd /usr / src
rm - rf /usr / src/mysql-mgm
Next , we must create the cluster configuration file , / var/lib/ mysql-cluster /config.ini :
loadb1.example.com :
mkdir / var / lib / mysql-cluster
cd /var/lib/ mysql-cluster
vi config.ini
[ NDBD DEFAULT ]
NoOfReplicas=2
[ MYSQLD DEFAULT ]
[ NDB_MGMD DEFAULT ]
[ TCP DEFAULT ]
# Section for the cluster management node
[ NDB_MGMD ]
# IP address of the management node ( this system )
HostName=192.168.0.103
# Section for the storage nodes
[ NDBD ]
# IP address of the first storage node
HostName=192.168.0.101
DataDir= / var / lib / mysql-cluster
[ NDBD ]
# IP address of the second storage node
HostName=192.168.0.102
DataDir=/ var/lib/mysql-cluster
# one [ MYSQLD ] per storage node
[ MYSQLD ]
[ MYSQLD ]
Please replace the IP addresses in the file appropriately .
Then we start the cluster management server : AdvertisementAdvertisement
loadb1.example.com :
ndb_mgmd -f /var/lib/mysql-cluster/config.ini
It makes sense to automatically start the management server at system boot time , so we create a very simple init script and the appropriate startup links :
loadb1.example.com :
echo ' ndb_mgmd -f /var/lib/mysql-cluster/config.ini ' >
/etc/init.d/ndb_mgmd
chmod 755 /etc/init.d/ndb_mgmd
update - rc.d ndb_mgmd defaults
