Alejandro Valverde 's suspension by CONI means he 'll likely miss the Tour de France this year .
( Image credit : Fotoreporter Sirotti )
Spanish sports minister Jaime Lissavetzky believes " there are a number of doubts and questions " over Alejandro Valverde 's suspension from racing in Italy by the Italian Olympic Committee ( CONI ) and has questioned the fairness of the decision .
CONI imposed the two - year sanction on Valverde in response to his alleged involvement in the Operación Puerto affair and the fact that samples taken from him after stage 14 of last year 's Tour de France matched one of those found in the clinic of disgraced Spanish doctor Eufemiano Fuentes .
The International Cycling Union ( UCI ) has not yet decided whether to extend the sanction to all competition , although Lissavetzky is unsure of whether it will be extensible or not .
Additionally , the French sports minister has declared that the current Spanish national champion is not welcome at this year 's Tour de France .
According to news agency Europa Press Lissavetzky said in an interview to Spanish national radio , " there are a number of doubts and questions " regarding whether the Italian authorities have overstepped their line of responsibility , calling into question the justice of the sanction .
He added that the decision of the Court of Arbitration for Sport ( CAS ) is the one true barometer of Valverde 's innocence in the matter .
Spanish authorities have long defended Valverde 's role in any possible association with Fuentes , and Lissavetzky maintained this stance , declaring that Valverde was not included in the list submitted by the Spanish judge who oversaw the associated Operación Puerto proceedings in court , adding that the Spanish rider was never a part of Operación Puerto " from a judicial point of view " .
When Spanish sports authorities requested that all relevant files on those cyclists implicated in Operación Puerto be opened , the judge at the centre of Spanish investigations refused , citing that the case was for alleged crimes against public health and not sporting fraud .
Subsequently , CONI 's decision to suspend Valverde from racing in Italy for a period of two years caused friction between those in the Spanish judicial system who presided over the case and the Italian authorities .
Despite causing massive upheaval in the short - term however , Lissavetzky believes that over time Operación Puerto will be viewed as a positive outcome for the sport and a " clear message " in the fight against doping .
He called for " prevention " , " control " and " tightening " in sanctions meted out to athletes in an attempt to dissuade potential cheats whilst simultaneously preventing unfair decision , emphasising that the fight against doping is worthwhile to " preserve the health of athletes , whether professional or not .
It 's a problem that affects society , not just top - level sport , " he explained .
HOUSTON ( Reuters ) - Space shuttle astronauts plucked the Hubble Space Telescope from orbit on Wednesday and tucked the observatory into their ship ’s cargo bay for a long - overdue overhaul .
Speeding through space , commander Scott Altman maneuvered the shuttle Atlantis to within about 35 feet of the telescope as crewmate Megan McArthur used the ship ’s robot arm to latch on to the telescope at 1:14 p.m. EDT ( 1714 GMT ) as the spacecraft soared far above Australia .
“ Houston , Atlantis .
Hubble has arrived onboard Atlantis , ” Altman radioed to Mission Control .
NASA last visited Hubble in 2002 and had planned to return for a fifth servicing call a couple of years later , but the destruction of the shuttle Columbia as it re-entered the Earth ’s atmosphere in 2003 derailed those plans .
The mission was restored after engineers came up with a rescue plan in case Atlantis suffered damage during launch like that blamed for the Columbia disaster , which killed its seven crew members .
A second shuttle is poised for liftoff from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida in case the astronauts need another ride home , as Atlantis is flying too far from the International Space Station for the crew to seek refuge there in case of an emergency .
Atlantis sustained no serious damage during its launch on Monday .
Scratches across four heat shield tiles on the right wing that were discovered during an in - flight inspection on Tuesday are not considered a danger .
Slideshow ( 13 images )
NASA said no additional inspections of the area would be needed , freeing the seven - member Atlantis crew to focus on the primary goal of their mission -- fixing up Hubble .
Three of the telescope ’s five science instruments are broken and it is using its last set of positioning gyroscopes , a backup computer for formatting data to relay to the ground and 19 - year - old batteries that can only hold half a charge .
Without an upgrade , NASA would be hard - pressed to justify continuing telescope operations , project scientist David Leckrone said .
Astronauts plan five consecutive days of spacewalks to outfit Hubble with new imagers and other gear and to fix two of its broken cameras .
Telescope operators also hope to resurrect an infrared camera after Hubble is released back into orbit .
If the refurbishments are successful , Hubble should be back in service in two to three months with an observation program even more ambitious than what it has accomplished since its debut in 1990 .
Hubble has provided evidence of how planets are formed and contributed to the still - unexplained realization that the universe is expanding at an increasingly faster rate .
It also gave astronomers a front - row seat for watching a comet smash into Jupiter and made the first measurements of gases in the atmosphere of a planet in another solar system .
NASA hopes the improvements will keep Hubble operational until at least 2014 so it can work in tandem with its replacement , the James Webb Space Telescope .
The first spacewalk is scheduled for Thursday .
The rise of the sun is seen at a 2,300 - year - old structure in Peru , between Tower 1 and Cerro Mucho Malo at the June solstice , 2003 , viewed from the western solar observatory .
The sunrise position at the solstice has shifted to the right approximately 0.3° from the year 300 BC .
If you 've been waiting for the chance to get more done during the day , Sunday is your day , but only by a fraction of a second .
Like a giant timepiece , Earth and sun are configured for the summer solstice once again .
This year it happens June 21 , the longest day of the year in the Northern Hemisphere .
The sun will be up a fraction of a second longer than the day prior or the day after .
( The length of the full day , including night , does not change , of course . )
To grasp how it works , one must understand Earth 's cockeyed leanings and some celestial configurations that even the ancients knew something about .
Our planet is tilted 23.5 degrees on its spin axis .
On June 21 this year ( some years it 's June 20 ) , the North Pole is pointing toward the sun as much as is possible .
Imagine Earth as an apple sitting on one side of a table , with the stem being the North Pole .
Tilt the apple 23.5 degrees so the stem points toward a candle ( the sun ) at the center of the table .
That 's summer for the top half of the apple .
Now keep the stem pointing in the same direction but move the apple to the other side of the table :
Now the stem points away from the candle , and it 's winter on the top half of the fruit .
The setup at June solstice puts the sun as high in our sky as it can go .
Scientists put the exact moment of the solstice at 1:45 a.m. ET , which is 05:45 Universal Time ( keep in mind that the sun is always up somewhere , and the gods do n't favor any time zone ) .
As long ago as the fourth century B.C. , ancient peoples in the Americas understood enough of this that they could create giant calendars driven by sunlight .
They built observatories of stone to mark the solstices and other times important for planting or harvesting crops .
Shrines and even tombs were also designed with the sun in mind .
The sun comes up each day ( except at the poles ) because our planet rotates once on its axis every 24 hours or so .
It is Earth 's tilt , and our 365 - day orbit around the sun , that explain much about how our world changes during the year .
Seasons :
As Earth orbits the sun , the orientation of the planet 's axis , in relation to the sun , changes constantly .
A quarter of the way around in the orbit , fall sets in .
By winter , we 'll be on the other side of the sun , with the North Pole pointing away from the sun .
That winter solstice , around Dec. 21 each year , will be the Northern Hemisphere 's shortest day , and researchers in Antarctica will be basking in 24 - hour sunlight .
Shifting stars :
As we orbit the sun , the part of the night sky that 's in our view changes .
A given star sets about 4 minutes earlier each night .
Over a month , this amounts to two hours .
In winter , this all means that we 're looking at stars that during the summer were in our daytime sky , overwhelmed of course by the glare of the sun .
Since we complete a circle every year , the stars of summer , such as the Big Dipper , are always the stars of summer .
Endless summer :
At the North Pole , the sun rises once a year , around March 19 .
It rises until the summer solstice , then sinks but does not truly set until around Sept. 24 .
During summer on the top half of Earth , our planet is actually farther from the sun than during winter , a fact owing to our non-circular orbit around the sun .
The difference is about 3 million miles ( 5 million kilometers ) , and it makes a difference in radiant heat received by the entire Earth of nearly 7 percent .
But the difference is more than made up for by the longer days in the Northern Hemisphere summer with the sun higher in the sky .
Which brings up a common question :
If the June solstice is the longest day of the year , why are the dog days of August typically hotter ?
It takes a while for the oceans to warm up , and a lot of weather on land is driven by the heat of the oceans .
Jim Devine said he had no knowledge of any irregularities Jim Devine has become the fifth Labour MP to be barred from standing at the next election over his expenses claims .
Labour 's National Executive Committee dropped the MP for Livingston after reports he claimed for work on his home from a non-existent firm .
Mr Devine has denied any wrongdoing and has asked the police to investigate .
The move comes as Parliament said it would publish the details of all MPs ' expenses , the subject of a recent Daily Telegraph investigation , on Thursday .
' Highest standards '
Parliament had been due to publish the expenses claims of all 646 MPs dating back to 2004 in July .
However , this all changed when the Daily Telegraph started publishing details of claims by individual MPs in early May .
The paper 's expose has led to nearly a dozen MPs announcing plans to step down , more than £ 300,000 in money repaid , and calls from across the political spectrum for root and branch reform of Parliament .
The Telegraph said its disclosures were in the public interest as key information showing how some MPs had maximised their allowances by changing the designation of their main and second homes - a process known as " flipping " - would have been excluded from the official release .
Mr Devine 's fate was decided by the NEC's Special Endorsements Panel - dubbed the Star Chamber - which has been scrutinising all claims considered questionable .
As both Gordon Brown and the National Executive Committee have made clear , the Labour Party demands the very highest standard of its MPs
Labour Party spokesman
MP accused of bogus claim A Labour Party spokesman said the decision to prevent Mr Devine - reported to have submitted receipts for £ 2,000 in electrical work from a firm which did not exist - from standing again had been unanimous .
" As both Gordon Brown and the National Executive Committee have made clear , the Labour Party demands the very highest standard of its MPs , " he said .
Mr Devine , who succeeded Robin Cook as MP for Livingston in 2005 , could still stand as an independent .
However , none of the other four de-selected Labour MPs - Eliot Morley , Margaret Moran , David Chaytor and Ian Gibson - have said they will still contest their seat , in any form , at the next election .
Mr Gibson resigned with immediate effect earlier this month , triggering a likely by - election in his Norwich North constituency later this year .
Mr Devine 's de-selection came on the day that the Committee on Standards in Public Life began its investigation into MPs expenses and pay , hearing evidence from Deputy Leader Harriet Harman among others .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It is possible to install residential solar power systems which produce electricity for use at home .
These can be used surprisingly far north or south of the equator , as solar cells and solar panels have become much more efficient .
They even produce some electricity on days when it ’s cloudy , although obviously less than when the sunshine is direct .
Recent improvements in the design of solar technology has made it a much more interesting and affordable option for those who want to reduce their electricity bills and carbon footprint .
Economies of scale have helped this , as far more cells are being produced , and the technology has improved as well .
Since 2002 , the production of solar cells for solar powered electricity has been increasing by an average of 50 % every year .
In addition , installation has become not only far more efficient , but much cheaper .
Staff at the safari park said they had no idea the camel was pregnant
The birth of an endangered camel was an " unexpected " arrival on Merseyside after its mother 's long hair concealed the pregnancy for more than a year .
The yet unnamed Bactrian camel calf was born at Knowsley Safari Park in Prescot , weighing about 88lbs .
Staff were surprised by the new arrival after discovering his mother Wendy was pregnant only six weeks ago .
A normal gestation period is 15 months .
There are only about 1,000 Bactrian camels left living in the wild .
It was only when the camel began to shed her hair that zoo keepers realised the impending birth
Penny Boyd , Knowsley Safari Park Penny
Boyd from the safari park said : " We are absolutely delighted .
It was very unexpected .
" We did not think we would get any new arrivals for the camels until next year .
" The father , Douglas , is very young .
He was only three years old when he mated with the female .
The camels normally reach maturity at around four or five years . "
Ms Boyd added that the pregnancy went unnoticed due to the large amount of hair on the animal .
" Their coats are also shedding at the moment and they are very long coated so it 's difficult to see what 's happening beneath the coat .
" It was only when the camel began to shed her hair that zoo keepers realised the impending birth , " she said .
The camel was born on Sunday in the park 's grounds and was taken into a covered enclosure .
His arrival was announced to the press five days later .
He will join his father and five females when he returns to the park in a few days , said a spokesman for the zoo .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It did n't take long before one of the biggest E3 rumors was confirmed .
GamingConsoleNetwork noticed that the PSP
Go made an appearance in an early release of the Sony video series Qore .
And then it was described in detail .
Soon after that , Eurogamer got a hold of a series of pictures of the hardware , which reveals everything in beautiful detail .
The system is real , it is small , and it has no UMD drive .
The video is being pulled from YouTube just as soon as it's being uploaded , but a quick search or two should turn up a copy of the video if you 'd like to see the hardware in action .
Here 's what we know about the hardware so far ... it seems like the Mole was right about many of the details .
Image : Eurogamer
The hardware will not take the place of the current PSP - 3000 on store shelves — they will be sold side - by - side .
The PSP
Go hardware is significantly lighter , with 43 percent less weight to hold in your hand .
The screen is 3.8 inches , the unit will come with 16GB of memory and a memory card slot for expanded storage , and it will feature bluetooth support .
The screen slides to reveal the buttons , and the placement of the analog stick does not look comfortable .
Hopefully , we 'll be able to get our hands on the system at E3 to give you some more details on how comfortable — or not — the system is .
Games were also discussed : Jak and Daxter , and the long - awaited Gran Turismo PSP that was discussed at the launch of the original PSP .
A new Metal Gear Solid title was also mentioned .
No price was confirmed , although the video revealed that we 'll be seeing the system released this fall .
This flood of information and images must have taken the wind out of Sony 's sails , as the company now has one less big reveal for its E3 press conference .
A portable gaming system with no physical media is big news , although those who upgrade from their existing PSP systems wo n't be able to play their old games ... that 's going to put a dent in the system 's sales .
Nintendo has proven that gamers are willing to upgrade to newer hardware again and again , but cutting off support for old games is an interesting move .
Of course , Sony is probably more than happy to re-sell you older content via its online store , just as Nintendo can now sell gamers classic Game Boy Advance content for the DSi ; that system likewise removed support for some older physical game media .
There will be more information coming out of E3 , that is certain .
Until then , we must be content with one of the biggest stories of the show coming to us early .
Listing image by Eurogamer
The Pentagon after the collapse of the impacted wall .
Official Account of 9/11 : “ Terribly Flawed , ” “ Laced with Contradictions , ” “ a Joke , ” “ a Cover-u p ”
More than 40 U.S. Counter - Terrorism and Intelligence Agency veterans have severely criticized the official account of 9/11 and most have called for a new investigation .
It is outrageous that most Americans are entirely unaware of their publicly stated concerns — a direct result of the refusal of national print and broadcast news organizations to cover this extremely important issue .
There is no denying the credibility of these individuals or their loyalty to their country as demonstrated by their years of service collecting and analyzing information and planning and carrying out operations critical to the national security of the United States .
These 41 individuals formerly served in the U.S. State Department , the National Security Agency , the Central Intelligence Agency , the Federal Bureau of Investigation , the Federal Aviation Administration , U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the branches of the U.S. Military .
They are listed below by their branch of service .
[ To read their individual statements and full complementary information , see attached document " Counterterrorism Veterans " ] .
U.S. State Department
Terrell E. Arnold , MA - Former Deputy Director of Counter - Terrorism and Emergency Planning , U.S. State Department .
Mr. Arnold is a leading expert on terrorism and counter - terrorism and the author of several books on the subjects .
Angelo Codevilla , PhD - Former U.S. State Department Foreign Service officer specializing in U.S. intelligence operations in Western Europe .
Member of President - elect Ronald Reagan ’s State Department transition team and principal author of the team ’s report on intelligence .
Former Staff Member , U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee dealing with oversight of the intelligence services 1977 - 1985 .
Former U.S. Navy officer .
Currently Vice Chairman of the U.S. Army War College Board of Visitors .
Edward Peck – Former Deputy Coordinator , Covert Intelligence Programs , U.S. State Department .
He later served as Deputy Director of the White House Task Force on Terrorism under President Ronald Reagan .
Mr. Peck , a 32 - year veteran of the U.S. Foreign Service , also served as U.S. Ambassador and Chief of Mission in Iraq 1977 - 1980 .
National Security Agency
Lt. Col. Karen Kwiatkowski - A Pentagon eye - witness and a former member of the staff of the Director of the National Security Agency , Lt. Col. Karen Kwiatkowski , PhD , U.S. Air Force ( ret ) .
Maj . John M. Newman , PhD - U.S. Army ( ret ) .
Former Executive Assistant to the Director of the National Security Agency .
Central Intelligence Agency
Raymond McGovern - A 27 - year veteran of the CIA , who chaired National Intelligence Estimates during the 1970’s
William Christison - A 29 - year CIA veteran , former National Intelligence Officer ( NIO ) and former Director of the CIA ’s Office of Regional and Political Analysis .
Melvin Goodman , PhD - Former senior CIA official who served as Division Chief of the CIA ’s Office of Soviet Affairs and Senior Analyst from 1966 - 1990 .
He also served as Professor of International Security at the National War College 1986 - 2004 .
Robert Baer - A 21 - year CIA veteran and specialist in the Middle East , he was awarded the Career Intelligence Medal upon his retirement in 1997 .
Robert David Steele -
Is currently the CEO of OSS.net , a proponent of Open Source Intelligence .
He has 25 years of combined service in the CIA and the U.S. Marine Corps .
He also served as the second ranking civilian ( GS - 14 ) in U.S. Marine Corps Intelligence from 1988 - 1992 and was a member of the adjunct faculty of Marine Corps University .
David MacMichael , PhD – Former Senior Estimates Officer at the CIA with special responsibility for western hemisphere affairs at the CIA ’s National Intelligence Council .
Prior to that , he served as a U.S. Marine Corps officer for ten years and for four years as a counter - insurgency advisor to the government .
Lynne Larkin – Former CIA Operations
Officer who served in several CIA foreign stations before being assigned to the CIA ’s Counter - Intelligence Center where she co-chaired a multiagency task force for coordinating intelligence efforts among the many intelligence and law enforcement agencies .
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Edward J. Costello , Jr. - Former Special Agent , Counterespionage , FBI .
Former Judge pro tem. , Los Angeles , CA .
John M. Cole – Former Intelligence Operations Specialist , in the FBI ’s Counterintelligence Division .
In charge of FBI ’s foreign intelligence investigations covering India , Pakistan and Afghanistan .
18 - year FBI career .
Mr. Cole currently works as a senior counterintelligence analyst .
Sibel D. Edmonds – Witness before the 9/11 Commission .
Former Language Translation Specialist , performing translations for counterterrorism and counterintelligence operations , FBI .
She is founder and president of the National Security Whistleblowers Coalition .
Rosemary N. Dew – Former Supervisory Special Agent , Counterterrorism and Counterintelligence , FBI .
Former member of The President ’s National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee ( NSTAC ) and the Electronic Commerce / Cyber Crime Working Group. 13 - year FBI career .
Gilbert M. Graham – Retired Special Agent , who served in the FBI ’s Washington Field Office Counterintelligence Division .
24 - year FBI career .
Behrooz Sarshar – Witness before the 9/11 Commission .
Retired Language Translation Specialist , performing Farsi translations for counterterrorism and counterintelligence operations dealing with Iran and Afghanistan , FBI .
Jane A. Turner – Retired Special Agent , FBI . 24 - year FBI career .
John B. Vincent – Retired Special Agent , Counterterrorism , FBI . 27 - year FBI career .
Fred Whitehurst , JD , PhD – Retired Supervisory Special Agent / Laboratory Forensic Examiner , FBI . 16 - year FBI career .
Former U.S. Army Intelligence Officer .
Coleen Rowley – Former Special Agent and Minneapolis Division Counsel , FBI. 24 - year FBI career .
Agent Rowley was selected one of Time Magazine ’s three 2002 Persons of the Year for revealing FBI headquarters ’ efforts to “ throw up roadblocks and undermine ” FBI field investigations of al - Qaida operatives in the four weeks prior to 9/11 .
Robert G. Wright , Jr. – Special Agent , International Terrorism Unit , FBI .
The only FBI agent to seize terrorist funds ( over $ 1.4 million ) from U.S. - based Middle Eastern terrorists using federal civil forfeiture statutes , prior to 9/11 .
17 - year FBI veteran .
Federal Aviation Administration
Bogdan Dzakovic – Witness before the 9/11 Commission .
14 - year Counter - terrorism expert in the Security Division of the Federal Aviation Administration .
Team leader of the FAA ’s Red ( Terrorism ) Team , which conducted undercover tests on airport security through simulated terrorist attacks .
Former team leader in the Federal Air Marshal program .
Former Coast Guard officer .
Steve Elson – Former Special Agent with the U.S. Navy , DEA and FAA .
Specialist in Counterterrorism , Intelligence , and Security .
Twenty - two years military experience , primarily in Naval Special Warfare .
Retired Navy SEAL .
Nine years service with the FAA and DEA .
Mr. Elson holds a Masters Degree in National Security Affairs / Naval Intelligence with a focus on terrorism .
Lt. Col. Brian F. Sullivan - U.S. Army Military Police ( ret ) .
Former Special Agent for the FAA ’s New England Region Security Division , where he was a Risk Program Management Specialist .
A graduate of the U.S. Army Command and General Staff College .
U.S. Customs and Border Protection
Mark Conrad , JD – Retired Agent in Charge , Internal Affairs , U.S. Customs , responsible for the internal integrity and security for areas encompassing nine states and two foreign locations .
Former Federal Sky Marshall. 27 - year U.S. Customs career .
Raymond Ciccolilli – Former U.S. Sky Marshal and Senior U.S. Customs Inspector , retired after 33 years .
Department of Defense and U.S. Military Intelligence Veterans
Major General Albert Stubblebine - U.S. Army ( ret ) .
Former Commanding General of U.S. Army Intelligence and Security Command ( INSCOM ) .
Morton Goulder ( 1921 – 2008 ) - was appointed Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Warning under President Richard Nixon and continued in that capacity under Presidents Gerald Ford and Jimmy Carter .
In World War II , he served as a Lt. Commander in the U.S. Navy .
He was a cofounder of Sanders Associates , a large defense contractor .
Senator Mike Gravel – Former U.S. Army officer , serving as the Adjutant in the Communications Intelligence Service in Germany and as a Special Agent in the Counter Intelligence Corps in France .
Former U.S. Senator from Alaska , best known for entering over 4,000 pages of the Pentagon Papers into the U.S. Senate record , thus making public the secret official study that revealed the lies and manipulations of successive U.S. administrations that misled the country into the Vietnam War .
Wayne Madsen – Former U.S. Navy
Intelligence officer , specialist in electronic surveillance and security .
Formerly assigned to the National Security Agency and the State Department .
Currently , investigative journalist , nationally distributed columnist , and author .
Senior Fellow , Electronic Privacy Information Center ( EPIC ) , a non-partisan privacy public advocacy group in Washington , DC .
John Loftus – Former U.S. Army Intelligence officer .
Former Federal Prosecutor , Office of Special Investigations , U.S. Justice Department under Presidents Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan .
Lt. Col. Anthony Shaffer - former Chief of the Army ’s Controlled HUMINT ( Human Intelligence ) Program , overseeing Army Intelligence and Security Command ’s global controlled HUMINT efforts .
A 23 - year military intelligence veteran , Lt. Col .
Shaffer was recently awarded the Bronze Star for bravery in Afghanistan .
Capt . Scott J. Phillpott - U.S. Navy , former head of the Able Danger data mining program that targeted al - Qaida ’s global structure and former Commanding Officer of the guided - missile cruiser USS Leyte Gulf .
Maj . Scott Ritter – Former U.S. Marine Corps Intelligence officer who also served as Chief Weapons Inspector for the United Nations Special Commission in Iraq 1991 - 1998 .
Capt . Eric H. May – Former U.S. Army Intelligence officer who also served as an inspector and interpreter for the Intermediate Nuclear Forces Treaty team .
Capt .
Gregory M. Zeigler , PhD – Former U.S. Army Intelligence officer .
William G. Weaver , JD , PhD – Former U.S. Army Signals Intelligence officer .
Currently Director of Academic Programs , Institute for Policy and Economic Development , University of Texas , El Paso , specializing in executive branch secrecy policy , governmental abuse , and law and bureaucracy .
Commander Larry J. Tortorich - U.S. Navy ( ret ) ; 24 - year Navy career in the fields of aviation and counterterrorism .
Former Deputy Program Manager for Logistics – Tomahawk Cruise Missiles .
Two years as a federal employee with DHS / TSA in the fields of security and counterterrorism .
Theodore J. Pahle – Former Senior Intelligence Officer with the Defense Intelligence Agency .
His 37 - year intelligence career was exclusively as a HUMINT ( Human Intelligence ) operations officer with DIA , Office of Naval Intelligence and U.S. Army Intelligence .
He is a Middle East and Latin American operations specialist .
Today , he continues to support the HUMINT effort as a contract instructor .
Statements questioning the official account of 9/11 and calls for a new investigation by over 1,000 credible individuals can be found at the author ’s website :
http://PatriotsQuestion911.com.
Digital Television is an advanced broadcasting technology that has transformed the television viewing experience .
DTV enables broadcasters to offer television with better picture and sound quality , and multiple channels of programming .
Since June 13 , 2009 , full - power television stations nationwide have been required to broadcast exclusively in a digital format .
The switch from analog to digital broadcast television is known as the Digital Television Transition .
In 1996 , Congress authorized the distribution of an additional broadcast channel to every full - power TV station so that each station could launch a digital broadcast channel while simultaneously continuing analog broadcasting .
Later , Congress set June 12 , 2009 as the deadline for full power television stations to stop broadcasting analog signals .
An important benefit of the switch to all - digital broadcasting is that parts of the valuable broadcast spectrum have been freed up for public safety communications by groups such as police , fire departments and rescue squads .
Also , some of the spectrum has been auctioned to companies that will be able to provide consumers with advanced wireless services , such as wireless broadband .
Consumer Resources
Consumer Guides :
The Iranian government employs foreigners as anti-riot police and Palestinian Hamas members and Lebanese Hezbollah militiamen are currently assisting the regime in its attempt to crush massive street protests in the streets of Tehran .
According to Voice of America and Der Spiegel , there are as many as 5,000 Lebanese Hezbollah militiamen in Iran , being used to control the protesters .
These militiamen are often easily identified by their screams in Arabic .
One protester in Tehran said , “ my brother had his ribs beaten in by those Palestinian animals .
Taking our people ’s money is not enough – they are thirsty for our blood too . ”
When asked if these militia fighters could have been mistaken for Lebanese Shiites , sent by Hezbollah , he rejected the idea .
“ Ask anyone , they will tell you the same thing .
They [ Palestinian extremists ] are out beating Iranians in the streets …
The more we gave this arrogant race , the more they want …
We will not let them push us around in our own country . ”
One newspaper said eight Palestinians with Jordanian passports were Hamas activists trained by Iranians and Hezbollah in Lebanon .
They were reported for bashing protesters and killing one person .
A high ranking Palestinian security official in the West Bank said that , according to Palestinian intelligence sources , Iranian intelligence arrested about 20 militia volunteers , including eight Palestinians
A senior Hamas representative in Gaza denied Hamas involvement in these developments in Iran .
Hamas formally welcomed Ahmadinejad ’s victory , which was expected , because they receive arms , training and funding from Iran .
It has been long reported that Iran trains Hamas in terror tactics and weapons manufacture .
As yet unsubstantiated reports say Venezuela also sent anti-riot troops to Tehran to help Ahmadinejad .
Royal Mail says productivity in some offices is 10 % worse than the average .
Thousands of postal workers in London are to strike .
Up to 10,000 Communication Workers Union ( CWU ) members will walk out for 24 hours on 19 June causing disruption to mail deliveries across the city .
They claim " arbitrary " job cuts will affect about 1,600 workers and that staff may be downgraded into part - time positions , threatening services .
The Royal Mail disputes the job cut figure and said a fall in mail volumes meant fewer jobs were needed .
CWU deputy general secretary Dave Ward said : " Royal Mail is blocking modernisation by refusing to negotiate change with the CWU .
Productivity ' lagging '
" We have offered a moratorium on all strike action if Royal Mail will suspend executive action and enter into meaningful negotiations . "
Mr Ward added : " The future of the business must be safeguarded through careful planning , not shooting from the hip . "
But a Royal Mail spokesman said : " A strike will not modernise Royal Mail - it will simply disrupt the service to which customers are entitled , lead to an even greater loss of business and leave Royal Mail far less able to protect full time jobs .
" Productivity in Royal Mail offices in London already lags behind the rest of the UK with the productivity in parts of London now 10 % worse than the UK average . "
He added : " We are only putting in place changes which are already agreed with the CWU as part of the 2007 deal . "
Happily , the home ham picture began to brighten a few years ago .
I recently tasted dry-cured hams from Virginia , Kentucky , Tennessee and Iowa , and some rival Europe ’s best .
Their makers are variously determined to revive country ham and to develop American versions of European classics .
They have made significant progress by rediscovering the ingredients that made dry - cured ham so good in the first place , when pigs were fattened on the autumn harvest and their meat preserved for scarcer times .
Image ADD SALT S. Wallace Edwards & Sons sells ham in Virginia .
Credit ... Jay Paul for The New York Times
Above all there ’s the pig , which should be mature , well fed and free to run around .
Muscles of such an animal are packed with the raw materials for creating flavor , enzymes that will catalyze the first stage of that creation , and fat to lend tenderness and moistness .
Then there ’s time .
It takes many months for muscle enzymes to break down flavorless proteins into savory amino acids , odorless fats into aromatic fragments , and for all these chemical bits and pieces to interact and generate new layers of flavor .
And it takes months for meat to lose moisture and develop a density of flavor and texture .
A century ago , American country ham makers had the pigs and took the time .
A Virginian named Samuel Wallace Edwards once wrote that when he began his career in 1910 , he worked with mature hogs “ that roamed the woods and fields of southern Virginia , gleaning the acorns , roots , peanuts and corn ” after the fall harvest .
After a salting in the winter and cold - smoking in the spring , the hams hung for up to a year in wood buildings that were as hot or cold as the weather outside .
Summer temperatures reached the 90s and accelerated the chemical reactions that create flavor .
But by 1962 , when Mr. Edwards penned his recollection , in the local newspaper , most hogs were confined , fed growth - stimulating antibiotics and slaughtered at a young 5 or 6 months , all in the name of “ progress , speed and the American dollar . ”
Now most country hams are made from confined fast - growing pigs , cured for not much longer than the legal minimum of 70 days , and just are n’t very flavorful .
previous entry | main | next entry
The Boys At Talk - Polywell Have Struck Paydirt
The boys at Talk Polywell have uncovered the details of the WB - 8 contract [ pdf ] .
Those details can give us some insight into how WB - 7 has gone .
From the looks of things - rather well .
The current effort will build on what has been completed under these previous contracts as well as requirements to provide the Navy with data for potential applications of AGEE with a delivered item , wiffleball 8 ( WB8 ) and options for a modified wiffleball 8 ( WB8.1 ) and modified ion gun .
The objective of this procurement is validation of the basic physics of the AGEE concept as well as requirements to provide the Navy with data for potential applications of AGEE .
It builds upon previous concept - demonstration bench top versions of plasma wiffleballs .
As such , it comes under the FAR 35.001 definition of applied research .
The contract will be for a wiffleball 8 with 2 options for modifications to the wiffleball based upon it 's success .
OK .
They are going into deeper validation .
Which means WB - 7 went OK .
3.1.1 The Contractor shall construct and test a small - scale MG Insulated , Wiffleball Polyhedral Device , WB8 .
WB8 shall be built based on results of WB7 ( built under contract N68936 - 03 - C-0031 ) and shall utilize design and performance knowledge gained from test of prior WB machines .
3.1.2
The design shall use circular coils around each main face cusp axis .
The device shall use emitter electron gun arrays and an ion beam drive .
The machine will be operated in magnetic fields with pulsed currents .
WB8 shall be operated at a magnetic field strength of approximately 0.8 Tesla , which represents an increase of 8 times the magnetic field strength of previous WB machines .
Improvements over previous WB machines in WB confinement , ion energy and fusion reactivity are expected as a result of these changes to WB machine design .
3.1.3 Within 20 days of completion of testing of the WB8 , the contractor shall deliver a report detailing the results of the experimental testing of this MG Insulated , Wiffleball Polyhedral Device , WB8 .
The report shall provide sufficient information to guide programmatic and design decisions about further , refined design efforts for similar devices .
The report shall address the plasma dynamics of WB devices , and shall address the scaling laws that apply to polywell fusion .
( A001 ) Circular coils means that there will be no significant change in geometry .
That is good .
Apples to apples comparisons .
An increase of field strength by a factor of 8 means - if the scaling laws hold a factor of about 4,000 increase in power out .
If WB - 7 was similar to WB - 6 it means an increase from 3 neutrons a shot to 12,000 .
A real countable number i.e the error bars will be much lower .
A count of 3 can actually be considered a count of 3 +/- 2 .
That is a big error bar .
For 12,000 the error bar is on the order of +/-100 about 1 % .
That makes improvements or degradations of 5 % easily detectable .
Where as in the first situation ( WB - 6/7 ) changes that doubled or halved the output rate would be hard to detect .
3.1.4 Within 30 days of build and test of WB8 , the contractor shall provide a predictive model of WB behavior including data points for detailed 2D / 3D profile measurements of plasma density , ion energy and WB magnetic field structure during follow - on tests to validate the scientific basis for a Polywell fusion power reactor , and guide further research .
The contractor shall coordinate with the Government for a program review meeting at the contractor 's facilities to be held no later than 40 days after the testing of the WB8 and shall provide the detailed predictive model and data points at this program review meeting .
3.1.5
The contractor shall deliver a periodic progress report specifying status information of the experimental testing of the MG Insulated , Wiffleball Polyhedral Device , WB8 .
( A002 ) The magnetic profile of an operating device is critical for knowing how the device actually operates .
Without that it is very difficult if not impossible to design in improvements .
3.1.6
The contractor shall deliver a conceptual design for a follow - on fusion demonstration device , WB - 9 .
Conceptual studies will focus on the feasibility of extending the WB - 8 results to this device and determining the suitability of this concept as a fusion reactor .
This design will be delivered at the end of the contract .
So the program is starting to take on a life of its own .
A WB - 9 device is already under consideration even before experiments on WB - 8 are even completed .
This indicates a fair amount of confidence in the forthcoming results .
Excellent .
OK .
They are going into deeper validation .
Which means WB - 7 went OK .
Circular coils means that there will be no significant change in geometry .
That is good .
Apples to apples comparisons .
An increase of field strength by a factor of 8 means - if the scaling laws hold a factor of about 4,000 increase in power out .
If WB - 7 was similar to WB - 6 it means an increase from 3 neutrons a shot to 12,000 .
A real countable number i.e the error bars will be much lower .
A count of 3 can actually be considered a count of 3 +/- 2 .
That is a big error bar .
For 12,000 the error bar is on the order of +/-100 about 1 % .
That makes improvements or degradations of 5 % easily detectable .
Where as in the first situation ( WB - 6/7 ) changes that doubled or halved the output rate would be hard to detect .
The magnetic profile of an operating device is critical for knowing how the device actually operates .
Without that it is very difficult if not impossible to design in improvements .
So the program is starting to take on a life of its own .
A WB - 9 device is already under consideration even before experiments on WB - 8 are even completed .
This indicates a fair amount of confidence in the forthcoming results .
Excellent .
Now here comes what I consider the most critical requirement of WB - 8testing .
3.2.1 Enhanced Ion Drive with PB11 ( proton / boron 11 ) : Based on the results of WB8 testing , and the availability of government funds the contractor shall develop a WB machine ( WB8.1 ) which incorporates the knowledge and improvements gained in WB8 .
It is expected that higher ion drive capabilities will be added , and that a " PB11 " reaction will be demonstrated .
The contractor shall investigate and validate the plasma scaling laws with respect to B - field , voltage and reactor size .
The contractor shall investigate the feasibility of a neutron - free fusion power reaction using a polywell WB machine .
It is anticipated that improvements in WB confinement , ion energy , and fusion reactivity will be demonstrated in WB8.1 .
Improvements over the WB8 predictive , computational model are expected , which should yield a better understanding of the WB fusion reaction thus allowing optimization of the WB machine .
3.2.2
The contractor shall deliver a report detailing the results of the experimental testing of WB8.1 .
The report shall provide sufficient information to guide programmatic and design decisions about further , refined design efforts for similar devices .
The report shall address the plasma dynamics of WB devices , and shall address the scaling laws that apply to polywell fusion , and the feasibility of the PB11 reaction .
The report shall address the conceptual requirements for a polywell fusion reactor capable of generating approximately 100 mW .
( A0001 ) 3.2.3 Within 30 days of testing , the contractor shall update the predictive computer model of WB behavior created under paragraph 3.1.4 using the PB11 reaction and shall deliver the model within 30 days of completion of initial tests specified in paragraph 3.2.1 .
The fact that they are contemplating work on the pB11 reaction is very encouraging .
That fuel is one of the most difficult to burn in a fusion reactor .
Which means testing with lesser fuels ( or simulated fuels ) has gone very well indeed .
The fact that they are contemplating work on the pB11 reaction is very encouraging .
That fuel is one of the most difficult to burn in a fusion reactor .
Which means testing with lesser fuels ( or simulated fuels ) has gone very well indeed .
At 100 milliwatts for a follow on reactor they are starting to get into the power range .
If they can get that kind of power with .3 m dia .
coils and .8
T fields , then a reactor with 3 m coils and 10 T fields should produce about 2.5 Mega Watts if the scaling laws hold .
And just as a little kicker : 3.3.1
The contractor shall develop an enhanced ion drive system that is compatible with Wiffleball 8.1 and projected future wiffleballs .
The ion drive system shall be capable of injecting protons ( ionized Hydrogen ) , and ionized Boron 11 .
The ion drive system shall be capable of generating ions in sufficient quantity to fully fuel the wiffleball fusion machines .
If they are going to fuel even a small machine the ion guns are going to have to be capable of multi amp currents - each .
If they are going to fuel even a small machine the ion guns are going to have to be capable of multi amp currents - each .
Well that is my first cut at digesting the news .
If you want to figure out more a look at all the links at Talk Polywell will be helpful .
I especially liked this inventory [ pdf ] of items purchased since about 1999 .
All in all the new contract has a lot of good news .
To sum up :
What it means about past work : it went well .
What it means for the future : verifying engineering rules
More : there is a plan to test the Hydrogen / Boron 11 fuel combination
More :
They must be confident of results since they are planning a WB - 9
You can learn the basics of fusion energy by reading Principles of Fusion Energy : An Introduction to Fusion Energy for Students of Science and Engineering Polywell is a little more complicated .
You can learn more about Polywell and its potential at : Bussard 's IEC Fusion Technology ( Polywell Fusion ) Explained The American Thinker has a good article up with the basics .
Why has n't Polywell Fusion been fully funded by the Obama administration ?
Cross Posted at Power and Control Welcome Instapundit readers .
For something completely different may I suggest Michael Totten On Iran ?
posted by Simon on 06.16.09 at 09:03 PM
Comments
Changes in America ’s policy toward the Middle East conflict are sending positive vibrations throughout the small and struggling pro-Palestinian advocacy community .
Image by Courtesy of ATFP Ghaith Al - Omari
Activists for the Palestinian cause , who are now describing President Obama ’s outreach speech to the Muslim world as “ brilliant ” and “ brave , ” are feeling emboldened by a new sense of openness within the administration .
Some even have the satisfaction of having had input in the process of preparing the speech itself .
A pro-Palestinian organization was among those invited to take part in a group meeting with White House staff to prepare the June 4 speech .
Other activists spoke of their feeling that Washington is taking a real interest in them for the first time in years .
After Obama ’s inauguration , “ There was definitely a change in the manner in which public discourse in Washington is being conducted , ” said Kareem Shora , national executive director of the American - Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee .
Shora said he and his colleagues feel the administration is “ adding seats around the table ” and is willing to listen to more views on Middle East policy .
Shora himself recently experienced this openness when Secretary Janet Napolitano appointed him member of the homeland security advisory council .
The difficulties facing pro-Palestinian advocates are demonstrated in a recent Zogby International poll gauging American public opinion toward key Middle East players .
The poll found that only 25 % of Americans view Palestinians favorably , whereas positive views of Israelis are shared by 71 % .
While almost half the respondents in the poll said they wanted to see Obama steer a middle course when dealing with the conflict , a third preferred he lean toward Israel , and only 9 % would like to see him lean toward the Palestinians .
Despite this unwelcoming backdrop , Maen Areikat , the new top Palestinian representative in Washington , believes that the new administration ’s approach could make his mission easier .
“ I have encountered no difficulties reaching out and communicating our message .
We have good ties with people in the administration , ” said Areikat , head of the Palestine Liberation Organization ’s mission to the United States , in an interview with the Forward .
Areikat , 48 , comes to the post after nurturing strong ties to American officials during his previous positions with the PLO negotiating team .
He is also considered to be close to Palestine ’s president , Mahmoud Abbas .
The Palestinians had no representative in Washington for the past year , since former ambassador Afif Safieh ’s term ended .
Born in Jericho to a family deeply involved in Palestinian politics , Areikat became active at an early age and spent two short terms in Israeli prisons as a teenager .
The PLO delegation did not provide any details relating to this .
Educated at American universities , Areikat has ties with America that tightened upon returning home , when he joined the international department of the Orient House , the PLO ’s headquarters in East Jerusalem .
There , Areikat was in charge of relations with English - speaking countries , working under Faisal Husseini , the former head of the PLO office in East Jerusalem , who was known for his pragmatic approach to peacemaking and was at times at odds with Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat .
Edward Abington , a former Washington lobbyist for the Palestinian Authority , noted that Areikat has “ extensive contacts ” on Capitol Hill , in the State Department and National Security Council , and with Washington think tanks and the media .
These ties were forged in Areikat ’s numerous trips to the United States while representing the Palestinian negotiating team in the Middle East peace process and serving de facto as one of several young English speakers seen as the P.A. ’s face in America .
Areikat admits he faces “ a daunting task ” as the chief Palestinian diplomat in Washington , but he said he senses willingness both in the administration and in Congress to listen to the Palestinian point of view and to discuss ways of solving the conflict .
“ I do n’t believe they will close the door in the face of people like me , who want to advance our mutual interests , ” he said .
Obama ’s Cairo speech , in which he spoke emphatically about the Palestinian right for statehood , as well as his insistence on an Israeli settlement freeze , has made pro-Palestinian activists believe that change is in the air .
Yet , surprisingly , the sudden success in getting the Palestinian message through has many in the pro-Palestinian advocacy community concerned .
“ The Palestinians should not sour U.S. –Israeli relations .
That will not help anyone , ” said Ghaith Al - Omari , advocacy director for the American Task Force on Palestine , a group now seen as the leading pro-Palestinian voice in Washington .
He warned against Arab groups “ gloating , ” and expressed concern that one - sided pressure could lead to an “ adversarial approach . ”
Al - Omari , a former Palestinian peace negotiator , recently participated in White House discussions in preparation of the Cairo speech .
He stressed that it would be a mistake for the administration and Congress to be seen as anti-Israeli .
“ It ’s one thing for Congress to support a settlement freeze , but it will be a whole different story if the administration will be portrayed as leaning too strong on Israel . ”
Areikat agrees .
“ I do n’t like the word ‘ pressure , ’ ” he said .
“ This wo n’t help with either side . ”
The senior Palestinian representative cautioned that balance is needed in the administration ’s approach to the conflict .
“ It wo n’t work if one side gets all its demands at the expense of the other side , ” Areikat said .
This view seems at odds with statements by Abbas , who , in a May 29 interview with The Washington Post , said he believes that the Palestinians now need to sit and wait while the Obama administration pressures Israel to freeze settlement activity .
Privately , advocates for the P.A. voice aggravation with the interview ’s fallout .
Concerns within the pro-Palestinian community over the possibility of counterproductive administration pressure on Israel may stem from a surprising source : a little - known rapprochement process taking place between pro-Palestinian groups and Jewish organizations .
Palestinian activists have made a concerted effort to reach out to American Jews and to seek cooperation in promoting a two - state solution .
While most of their outreach has focused on dovish Jewish organizations , Palestinians also have been trying to work with mainstream Jewish groups and with the pro-Israel lobby .
Together with Ziad Asali , president and founder of the American Task Force on Palestine , Al - Omari attended the May 4 gala dinner of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee , an event seen as the annual show of force for pro-Israel advocacy .
ATFP also holds regular meetings with AIPAC staff members .
In December 2008 , while he was serving on the PLO negotiating team , Areikat led a group of Palestinian officials who met with AIPAC board members in Washington .
The AIPAC board members were later hosted by PLO officials in Ramallah .
Areikat believes that a new spirit in the Washington and Palestinian outreach efforts will help sway American public opinion toward more understanding of the Palestinian cause .
“ Americans are open - minded .
They want to see the Palestinians treated justly while Israel remains protected , ” he said .
Graeme Bannerman , adjunct scholar at the Washington - based Middle East Institute and a veteran observer of America ’s Middle East policy , remains skeptical .
Bannerman , whose former lobbying firm used to represent Palestinian interests in Washington , believes that at the end of the day , Palestinian interests will always come second to those of Israel in the Washington scene .
“ Any staffer dealing with foreign policy on the Hill will tell you that 70 % of the e-mails he gets are about the Middle East and 90 % of them are pro-Israel , ” Bannerman said .
“ So eventually , the discussion will always be on what concerns the Israelis , not the Palestinians . ”
Contact Nathan Guttman at guttman@forward.com
Serving officers convicted of assault , burglary and dishonesty , according to data obtained under freedom of information law
More than 1,000 serving police have criminal convictions ranging from assault to burglary , according to figures obtained under the Freedom of Information Act .
The data , obtained by the Liberal Democrats , showed 1,063 officers with criminal records , including 59 for assault , 36 for theft and 96 for dishonesty .
Other offences include battery , fraud , perverting the course of justice and forgery .
Chris Huhne , the Lib Dem home affairs spokesman , said the figures showed that some officers who committed violent offences while serving or were proved dishonest were being allowed to keep their jobs .
He said police chiefs needed to " get tough on bad apples " in their teams .
" It is staggering that so many of the people entrusted to protect us from crime have criminal convictions themselves .
It is even more worrying that so many police officers convicted of serious crimes involving dishonesty or violence have been allowed to keep their jobs .
The public entrust the police with the use of legal force precisely because they are self - disciplined and restrained , which is why anyone convicted of a violent offence should be dismissed .
I cannot see how a police officer convicted of dishonesty can perform their duty effectively .
" The trust that is absolutely vital in policing is seriously undermined when police officers are being convicted of crimes of dishonesty .
Allowing police officers convicted of offences of violence or dishonesty to continue serving merely brings the vast majority of law - abiding and diligent officers into disrepute . "
Although there were vetting procedures for dealing with new applicants , there was no Home Office guidance for dealing with officers committing offences while serving , Huhne said .
" There is a disturbing lack of consistency in how police forces deal with officers who are convicted of crimes .
The Home Office recognises this decisive problem for applicants but not for serving officers . "
According to the data , obtained from 41 of 52 forces , a further 210 officers have resigned or been dismissed from their jobs since 2004 because of their convictions .
Only 37 have been dismissed for dishonesty .
The Association of Chief Police Officers ( Acpo ) said officers convicted of crimes would not automatically lose their jobs .
Peter Fahy , the Chief Constable of Greater Manchester and head of workforce development for Acpo , said : " The police service expects good conduct and probity from its officers and staff at all times .
Where wrongdoing is alleged , police officers are investigated and action taken as appropriate to each case .
" It should be remembered that there are just over 140,000 police officers in the country .
It is very rare that a person with a criminal conviction will be recruited into the police service .
" Where an officer has committed misconduct , which can include a criminal offence , a range of disciplinary actions can be taken .
Each case is judged on its merit .
The force concerned will then take action depending on a range of factors including the severity of the offence and its impact on an officer 's ability to carry out their duties . "
According to the figures , the forces with the highest number of police with convictions are the Metropolitan police with 274 , West Midlands with 121 and Strathclyde , 107 .
Merseyside has 82 , while Manchester and Kent have 44 .
Grampian has 34 and South Wales 31 .
The forces with the highest percentage of officers with criminal convictions are Merseyside and West Midlands , followed by the Met and South Wales police .
The Minnesota Supreme Court convened today at 9 AM CT for the oral arguments associated with Norm Coleman 's election appeal .
The proceedings lasted approximately 69 minutes ; upon their conclusion , each candidate 's representation addressed the media on the second floor of the Minnesota Judicial Building .
The unabridged oral arguments follow as publicly provided by the Minnesota Judicial Branch and Twin Cities Public Television ; low bandwidth audio from within the chamber is also available :
Video : . WMV , 01:08:47 , 78.1 MB
[ Mirror : TPT.org ]
Audio :
All files are .
WAV , Part 1 , Part 2 , Part 3
Coleman 's lead attorney , Joseph Friedberg began the hearing with what was supposed to be a ten minute introduction .
Ten minutes turned into thirty as the five judge panel peppered Coleman 's representation with questions and critiques .
Despite the barrage of questions , the most telling exchanged occurred in the opening moments of the hearing :
Justice Page :
We have one case for argument this morning , in the matter of the contest of general election held on November 4 , 2008 for the purpose of electing a United States Senator from the State of Minnesota .
Mr. Friedberg I see you have reserved 10 minutes for rebuttal .
Joseph Friedberg [ Coleman ] :
With the court 's permission your honor .
Justice Page :
You may proceed when you are ready .
Mr. Friedberg : Morning and may it please this court ; my name is Joe Friedberg , I represent [ Norm Coleman ] .
Let me begin by saying that Minnesota is quite different from many states .
We have problems within our institutions and when we do , we deal with them candidly and openly , we do n't minimize them or sweep 'em under the rug to be discovered later by a federal court during 1983 litigation .
That 's why finding of fact 47 of the trial court is so surprising .
Announcing that we are proud of rejecting only 0.5 % of our total ballots cast in November is misleading at best .
The only ballots that get rejected are absentee ballots ; and our officials rejected 4 % of them ; 12,000 citizens who made good faith efforts to vote were disenfranchised for a variety --. Justice Page : Did these 12,000 citizens comply with the absentee ballot voter requirements .
Mr. Friedberg : Many of them did substantially your honor , many of them did .
Justice Page : Substantially ?
What does that mean ?
Source : Minnesota Judicial Branch [ Mirror : TPT.org ]
The remainder of Mr. Friedberg 's opening address revolved around Justice Page 's seemingly rhetorical , yet legally unanswered question quoted above .
The arguments meandered from justice to justice as Friedberg attempted to answer each question .
Justice Anderson , Dietzen , Gildea and Meyer each took issue with the Coleman campaign 's lack of evidentiary support with regard to their inconsistent application of the strict vs. substantial compliance argument .
Justice Meyer prominently entered the fray with this exchange toward the end of Mr. Friedberg 's initial rebuttal :
Justice Meyer :
Where is evidence from the overwhelming majority of the counties and cities ?
Mr. Friedberg : Every auditor we called , as I recall , made exceptions [ to the admittance of absentee ballots ] .
Now I think we only called 26 or 27 --. Justice Meyer :
And we have 87 counties , we are reviewing the work of a panel of three trial court judges here and they took evidence .
Where is the evidence ?
Even as you called , as you said , you did n't even call witnesses from a majority of Minnesota 's counties .
You are asking us to presume , based on the testimony from a sampling of counties that that practice is applied to a majority of the counties .
Source : Minnesota Judicial Branch [ Mirror : TPT.org ]
Friedberg responded by hesitantly referencing the assumed equality of populations within Bush vs .
Gore to compare the " relaxed standard in Brower County with the unrelaxed standard in Palm Beach . "
Friedberg would then go on to state that " we have made our case " when " Plymouth kicks out 75 for signature mismatches and 31 counties in the state kick out none . "
I think Friedberg has a valid point from a mathematical standpoint if true ; the Plymouth scenario presents a significant outlier and the aforementioned sampling of " 26 or 27 " counties represent a statistically sound sampling of all 87 counties .
An inconsistent application of absentee ballot compliance in " 26 or 27 " counties would indicate to me , although devoid of legal rigor , that a problem existed , regardless of the remaining 50 or so counties .
Whether the Coleman campaign adequately provided evidence to support this claim is vague at best .
Mr. Friedberg 's time expired and Marc Elias , Franken 's lead attorney , stepped up to the podium whereupon stating his name received his first question from Justice Page :
Justice Page : Council , before you get to that finding of fact , let me ask you a question .
Hopefully council for the other side will be able to respond to this on the rebuttal .
To the extent that the United States Senate will make the ultimate decision here , and the extent that they do n't have to follow what we do .
How do we issue an opinion , without it being an advisory opinion ?
In essence , do we have authority to do anything here ?
Marc Elias [ Franken ] : Your Honor , this question was raised with the district court as to whether the court had jurisdiction .
The court found , and we believe appropriately so , that the court had jurisdiction to determine who received the most lawful votes , even though the Senate has within its jurisdiction to decide who is seated .
Source : Minnesota Judicial Branch [ Mirror : TPT.org ]
Elias would then go onto quote a South Dakota case involving Tom Daschle from his days as a Congressman .
The referenced case was eventually linked to a Supreme Court decision stating that so long as the state process does not impede the US Senate , the state court is not " deprived of jurisdiction . "
The MNSC clearly has the power to declare a winner under Minnesota Statute , but the US Senate is under no obligation to act in accordance with any decision .
The issuance of an election certificate for the sole purpose of full representation is irrelevant to the Supreme Court 's present responsibility ; an election certificate will apparently only be issued upon the thorough completion of the appeals process .
The sole duty of the MN Supreme Court is to determine the candidate who received the largest number of legally cast votes , not to ensure federal representation or for any other purpose .
Elias would then go on to perform a small bit of math in the hopes of illustrating the futility of the Appellants ' case :
Mr. Elias : From the March 31st order of the trial court , in which [ the Coleman campaign ] held that of all the rejected absentee ballots , the parties proved registration for approximately 650 ; 650 of all of the ballots presented to the court .
That 's voter registration , that 's not all of the other requirements that appellants now have complaints about .
But this is the most fundamental requirement , that the voter be registered .
Of those 650 , 351 were opened and counted .
So the universe of ballots , properly plead and about which this trial took place , stands at 299 .
Now , obviously the margin separating the two candidates is 312 .
As a result , even if everyone of the three - hundred or so ballots , for which voter registration was proven , does n't mean the witness was registered , does n't mean that the certificate was completed , it does n't mean that they only cast one ballot , but that they were at least registered .
Even if all three - hundred of those were for the appellant , and even if all three - hundred met all other requirements , it would still be impossible for the appellants to make up the difference .
Source : Minnesota Judicial Branch [ Mirror : TPT.org ]
The remainder of Elias ' time was spent discussing the finer points of due process and equal protection .
Elias contended that the discrepancies between each county served to " grease the joints " of election reporting .
He later defended any breach of due process or equal protection on the grounds that the inconsistencies were not intentional or systematic and could therefore not be classified as in bad faith or fraudulent as required within Bush vs. Gore .
Elias concluded his presentation by stating that election officials used " the different tools , available to them in the different jurisdictions " to " administer a fair election " within the confines of the law .
Mr. Friedberg then returned to the podium for the final fifteen minute stint and made three main assertions before the court adjourned .
He first presented the varying processes by which each county voided an invalid ballot , thus potentially creating cases where the voter was registered , but their vote was not counted due to a failure to comply with another statutory requirement .
Friedberg then reasoned that these registered voters should have their vote counted based upon the application of substantial compliance .
Justice
Page then questioned the lack of evidence presented by the Coleman campaign specifically relating to these uniquely registered and rejected voters .
Friedberg countered by stating that the ECC would not accept the evidence despite his effort , to the point of " test[ing ] the trial court 's patience . "
Justice Anderson then explicitly asked Friedberg if their were any instances of fraud .
Friedberg responded by simply stating " absolutely not " and added that there was no fraud of any kind ; election , voter or otherwise .
During Elias ' statement , Justice Deitzen began to muddle through the messy statute associated with the challenging of ballots ; Deitzen would later finished his line of questioning with Friedberg at the helm .
Although the statute is not definitive , the application , as implement by the Attorney General during the recount , precluded either campaign from challenging the inclusion of any absentee ballot .
This meant that once an absentee ballot was included by an election official for any reason , it would be opened and counted .
This practice differed from the in -person portion of the recount in which the campaigns were allowed to challenge the election officials ' ruling .
Upon conclusion of the hearing , Norm Coleman and Joseph Friedberg jointly addressed the media :
Video : . WMV , 09:37 , 158MB
The general gist of Coleman 's address was that there are voters who have not had their vote counted , and are therefore disenfranchised ; until they are enfranchised the campaign will continue to represent the interests of these 4,400 voters .
This statement seems to align with Friedberg 's opening remarks .
Mr. Friedberg cited Minnesota 's Judicial history of addressing all problems before they reach the federal level .
Drawing from this prior statement it seems logical to conclude that if the MNSC does not address all of the problems , the Coleman campaign will seek federal relief .
Marc Elias then addressed the media after the Coleman procession exited the foyer :
Video : . WMV , 04:19 , 71.1MB
Marc Elias ' brief address was followed up by a few soft questions from the media .
Elias basically reiterated that he was confident of a Franken victory , but that he had no specific timeline in mind for a Supreme Court decision .
If I had to guess at a timeline I would say by July 4th , but I really have no idea ; the whole ordeal could drag out even further depending on what the MNSC concludes .
Coleman 's best case scenario is for the ECC to resume the trial with different rules and Franken 's best case scenario is an outright win .
Its also possible for this to end up in federal court as discussed above .
I doubt very much will happen within the next two weeks .
I also stopped by the Ramsey County Court House to obtain some other court documents that I 'll hopefully be able to post sooner rather than later .
Black Francis , lead singer of the Pixies , and incredibly prolific solo artist as Frank Black , gave the Village Voice an interview on his creative process .
A lot of it is very specific to songwriting , but I thought this snippet was universally valuable .
Beware , if you view your creativity is a fragile flower with magical inspiration from another realm , his method might seem a little mechanical .
All I can say is that I have used this exact method before and it works .
Sometimes , you have an idea in your head and it ’s just looking for a connection to bring it into the real world .
Looking at random things can help it to take shape and connect it to reality more quickly .
Plus , you ’ll get to surprise yourself .
In the case of Svn Fngrs I had no idea what I was going to write about , but I was really up to the gut to try to go above and beyond the call of duty .
And so I was under the gun and I was like , ‘ Okay , what the hell am I going to write about here ?
What am I going to write about ? ’
And I literally just started doing the random article search function on Wikipedia .
And I did this for quite a long time late one evening in a very tired state , and somehow I stumbled upon the article for demigods .
And I was like , ‘ Oh , demigods . ’
And then , of course , ‘ Okay , well what is a demigod ?
And who was a demigod ?
What do they mean by demigod ? ’
And , of course , on something like Wikipedia one article has other links in it and suddenly you ’re off , you know .
So the Internet has become a really great resource for me because I ’m not a deep researcher .
I just want to have an impression .
I just need to find out some facts .
I ’ve already got my little concept going .
My little concept is already in place , but I just need some facts so when I rhyme “ phone ” with “ zone ” my couplet – well , hopefully it has some artistic merit on its own , regardless of what it ’s about or if it ’s about anything – but if it happens to be about something , it ’d be nice if it was sort of backing up some cool fact about the subject .
It ’s satisfying , I think , for the listener and it ’s satisfying for me .
( CNN ) -- A man " angered " by Manchester United 's defeat to Barcelona in the final of the Champions League killed four people when he drove a minibus into a crowd celebrating the Spanish side 's victory , police in Nigeria have told CNN .
Barcelona fans celebrate in the city 's Las Ramblas thoroughfare early Thursday morning .
Ten people were also injured in the incident in the town of Ogbo , where the driver was subsequently arrested , a Port Harcourt Police spokesperson said .
" He was displaying his anger at his team losing the match .
The driver had passed the crowd then made a U - turn and ran into them , " spokesperson Rita Inomey - Abbey said .
Both Manchester United and Barcelona have a large fan base across the African continent , with millions tuning in to watch European football on a weekly basis .
Meanwhile , more than 100 people were arrested in Barcelona city center in the early hours of Thursday morning following the Catalan team 's 2 - 0 victory in Rome in the final of Europe 's top club competition .
Police arrested 119 young people after violence flared at a special celebration party in Place de Catalunya near the Las Ramblas thoroughfare , while 238 people suffered minor injuries .
City officials estimated the damage at up to 100,000 euros ( $ 140,000 ) as the youths attacked police with bottles and damaged shops , parks and public utilities such as lamp - posts .
The trouble took some of the gloss off the achievement of Barcelona , who became the first team to win the Champions League , Spanish League and Spanish Cup titles in one season .
Manager Josep Guardiola led the club to glory in his first season in charge , ending a period of three years without a trophy .
All About FC Barcelona • Manchester United FC • Champions League Football • European Football
If you want to understand the Commission to Inquire into Child Abuse Report it ’s spelled out in the section on Letterfrack industrial school .
Reporting on a conversation between the head of the industrial school and a Christian Brother who “ did not punish the boys severely enough for the head ’s taste ” the head said , hundreds of times , “ never to spare them . "
What are they but “ illegitimates and pure dirt ” ?
That was the mindset , inherited from the Famine of 1845 - 50 .
Nobody wanted an ‘ unwanted ’ child and woe to the woman ( not the man ! ) who had one .
The formation of Brothers , some as young as 12 or 13 , emphasised this : the boys ( and girls ) were “ illegitimate and pure dirt ” .
The Christian Brothers – many of them , anyway – did n’t see children as quite human .
They were a significantly lesser breed .
Oh , they saw them as human when they were raping them .
Presumably , that was the entire point unless the perpetrator desired bestiality .
The perception passed however and outrageous beatings and floggings ensued .
There are two accounts ( one in Artane industrial school and the other in Letterfrack ) of boys being made to eat human excrement .
There is an account too of the horsewhipping of a boy .
Mind you , early in the 20th century , the use of a horsewhip was outlawed even in criminal establishments .
It cleaved not only the Brothers but also the wider Letterfrack community .
It was the subject of gossip in the workshops and in the village too .
However , there was no record of any action being taken against the head of Letterfrack .
He remained as manager until the following year when his six - year tenure expired .
This was in spite of the fact that the head – and the Brothers who administered the horsewhip thrashing – were breaking the law .
I ’m reminded of a story told about Stewart ’s garage beside Salthill industrial school in the 1950s .
The son of the owner was looking over the wall and he saw a Brother break a boy ’s arm .
The son went and told his father who called into the industrial school next door .
He insisted that the boy , whose arm was indeed broken , should be treated in hospital .
He was .
Then the father went to a solicitor .
When he complained he was told that “ there is not a single solicitor in Galway – indeed Ireland – who would be prepared to take a case against the Brothers ” .
The power of Rome was greater than any power in Ireland .
That is the cost of going with the [ Holy ] Roman Empire .
The British Empire had been in Ireland too long anyway .
It perpetrated the unevenly applied but still hideous Penal Laws against Popery ( i.e. the Catholic religion ) .
The British Empire had been in power throughout the Famine and , when the population of Ireland was just above 1.5 million , had presided over the wiping out of an estimated 30 percent ( 500,000 ) of the Catholic population during Cromwell ’s campaign .
It was natural to go with Rome .
But Rome had been founded as an Empire and the Catholic Church followed suit .
It learned from the Caesars and it was only in the fourth century that Christianity became the official religion of classical Rome .
One of the more unusual aspects of the Roman Empire was the number of slaves it kept .
It ’s estimated that of six million people living in ( present day ) Italy that two million were slaves .
What ’s more , unspeakable cruelties were regularly perpetrated against slaves .
When the Catholic Church came to Ireland in the 19th century , it needed slaves .
Slavery was outlawed ( even in the United States ) but the Catholic Church targeted women and children .
These would make the money while the nuns , priests and Brothers looked on .
Women were incarcerated in Magdalen laundries and mother and baby homes .
Very few children were not sold by the nuns – often to the United States , which , in the 1950s , was hugely wealthier than Ireland .
The children were dispatched to industrial schools .
There they made the money for the Brothers and nuns .
One Letterfrack man , Brother McHugh , lamented the fact that schools had n’t always the maximum number of boys .
It ’s a national disgrace but little Ireland , like Poland ( caught between Germany and Russia ) was caught between the British Empire and the Roman one .
Brothers , nuns and priests were loyal to Rome – they had to be ; they had taken a vow of obedience .
The Pope was their boss and we are still waiting on an intervention from him .
Ireland with its six million people ( the Republic and the North ) , including more than a million Protestants , is small beer .
G.K. Chesterton , writing on " Christendom in Dublin : Essays in Memory of the Eucharistic Congress " noted that “ the national flag of England is the Cross of St. George , and that , oddly enough , was splashed from one end of Dublin to the other ” .
G.K. was wrong however .
It ’s the same flag given by the sole English Pope Adrian IV ( Nicholas Breakspear ) in 1155 placing Ireland under the lordship of the king of England , Henry II .
It is , in fact , a crusader ’s flag : a red cross on a white background .
The Papacy , whenever it suited its purposes , continued to uphold English title to Ireland .
That is seldom said in Ireland either .
Statement by Socialist Resistance ( Britain )
June 14 , 2009 -- The European election results are not good reading for the workers ’ movement .
Across Europe the turnout was only 43.2 % and the main winner was the centre right .
Centre - right governments in France , Italy , Germany and Poland all made gains to one degree or another as they did in Austria and Hungary .
On the other hand social - democratic parties , particularly those in government in Britain , Spain and Portugal were in full retreat .
In Britain — where there was toxic mix of economic crisis and political crisis around MPs ’ expenses corruption — the turnout was even lower at 34.4 % , and the results were disastrous for the Labour Party .
Its share of the poll collapsed to 15.8 % , its worst result for 99 years .
It came third after the UK Independence Party ( UKIP ) — which stood on a dangerous nationalist and anti-migrant ticket — and was beaten by the Tories in Wales .
The implications of this for new Labour can hardly be exaggerated , and it now faces near inevitable defeat at the hands of the Tories in a general election .
In Germany the Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) vote collapsed to just 21 % and the vote for the Socialist Party ( SP ) in France was also sharply down .
In Denmark the vote for the Social Democratic Party went down by 11 % .
The surprising aspect of all this is the gains made by centre - right parties which are in government — given that parties in government normally suffer unpopularity in a recession .
Particularly since most of them have an approach to the crisis which is even more pro-market , and anti-working class , than the parties of the centre left .
Populist and nationalistic
A key factor behind this is their populist and nationalistic response to the crisis and the way they successfully played the protectionist card , particularly over jobs , whilst stealing the interventionist clothes of the centre left .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel pointedly defends German jobs at the expense of others and Sarkozy blames the “ Anglo Saxons ” for the crisis .
In fact there is a generally nationalistic response to the crisis , which has played into the hands of the right .
This includes sections of the workers ’ movement — [ British trade union leader ] Derek Simpson is a prime example .
He calls for the defence of British jobs and British manufacturing , rather than defending jobs full stop and building a class - based fightback .
The gains made by the centre right go alongside dangerous developments in the vote for far - right and populist parties .
In Britain the fascist British National Party ( BNP ) increased its vote and made a major breakthrough with two members of the European Parliament ( MEPs ) .
The BNP had British jobs for British workers at the centre of their campaign .
This vote is even more dangerous when taken alongside the UKIP vote of 16.5 % , which is not fascist of course , but has a range of overlapping features .
The English Democrats also nearly doubled it vote ( to 1.8 % ) and its candidate was elected mayor of Doncaster on an anti-gay ticket .
In Holland the far - right Islamophobic party of Geert Wilders won 16.4 % of the vote and four MEPs .
In Austria , Hungary , Finland and Greece the far - right also made gains .
The collapse of the social - democratic vote opened up a space for a range of forces from the Greens to the radical left in a number of countries .
The Greens made gains across Europe in these elections with their representation in the European Parliament rising to nearly 60 MEPs .
The radical left also made important gains — most notably the Left Bloc in Portugal which increased its MEPs from two to three in something of a breakthrough result .
The Socialist Party in Ireland won a seat .
Die Linke in Germany made further gains .
Syriza in Greece won a seat , though this was below its expectation of three .
The Partito della Rifondazione Comunista ( PCR ) in Italy won 3.2 % of the vote and the Nouveau Parti Anticapitaliste ( NPA ) in France won a solid 4.86 % but failed to win a seat .
Greens advance
In Britain the Green party was the biggest left recipient of the votes lost to the main parties , in particular Labour .
It increased its vote from 6 % to 8.6 % ( 1,303,748 votes ) , though due to the electoral system this did not add to its two MEPs .
The Greens came within a whisker of winning a third seat — and keeping Nick Griffin of the BNP out of the European Parliament at the same time — in the North West , where its candidate , Peter Cranie , a socialist and anti-racist campaigner , was supported by Respect and others for that reason .
Radical left
The dog which hardly barked in Britain was the radical left , which paid the price for years of division .
No2EU received 1 % , which five years ago would have been a reasonable result .
Respect at that time polled 1.5 % ( without standing in Scotland ) .
This time , however , with new Labour falling apart , and all the major parties hit by corruption resulting in the biggest transfer of votes ever from the major parties to the small parties , there was a much greater opportunity for the left .
From this point of view the No2EU result was not so good , and demonstrated that the radical left was unable to adequately capitalise on the opportunity presented .
This potential was reflected rather more in the Socialist Labour Party ’s 1.1 % .
The name itself , despite the moribund nature of the party , the lack of a campaign , and the destructive way it operates , projected it as a socialist alternative to new Labour .
The radical left have to see these elections as a massive wake - up call for reorganisation and unity in advance of the general election .
It 's clear enough what the agenda of a Tory government will be if it gets a clear mandate .
They are already saying it will be a massive austerity program designed to make the working class pay for the crisis and a huge attack on public spending and public services .
The chances of Labour Prime Minister Gordon Brown bringing about a new agenda , which would revive or renew new Labour ’s fortunes by next year , are remote and the opportunity for the left , which presented itself in the European elections , is likely to continue into the general election despite the first - past - the - post electoral system .
The task now , therefore , is to build the broadest possible unity for the general election .
This will not be easy after the events of recent years but it is an imperative of the first order .
Fortunately there have already been several initiatives in this direction .
Salma Yaqoob has made an appeal for unity as the leader of Respect , and Bob Crow has made an appeal to unite against the BNP .
Very significantly , given recent history , the Socialist Workers Party ( SWP ) has also put out an appeal for electoral unity .
We strongly welcome this appeal along with its suggestion of a conference of the left to discuss the way forward .
The left has to clear the decks and factional reactions need to be put to one side .
What kind of practical unity is possible before the general election will not be clear until discussions begin .
But the minimum has to be a common framework for the election even if that cannot be at the present time a common organisation .
The basis for such unity has to be discussed .
But it should be based on a plan to defend the working class after the general election .
Whoever wins — but especially if David Cameron and the Tories are elected — there will be an unprecedented austerity drive launched .
Any new initiative will have to demand that the bankers and the employers pay for the crisis — since they are responsible for it , not the working class .
An election campaign will need to be based on the defence of jobs ; the nationalisation of firms declaring redundancies ; the full nationalisation of the banks to force them to make credit available .
It will need to demand large scale public works to create millions of jobs — especially a massive program of carbon neutral public housing and investment into sustainable development , including in energy and transport .
Time to talk
A new campaign will have to defend public services .
It will need to build community campaigns , linked to the trade unions , against rent and council tax rises and evictions and benefit cuts .
It will need to defend democratic rights .
It will need to defend the rights of women and ethnic and religious minorities against attack .
It will need to build joint action against racism , nationalism , and xenophobia , for international solidarity of working people .
Socialist Resistance supporters inside Respect will work for the maximum unity between Respect and any new initiative , which emerges on this basis — though we would fight to ensure that the gains made by Respect over the past five years and carried forward and preserved and not lost in the process .
We therefore urge the SWP leadership to make a direct approach to Respect for discussions about a joint approach to the general election next year .
Equally we urge the leaders of No2EU to respond positively to the SWP initiative and enter into discussions .
A common framework with the Green Party is not possible since the political basis does not exist at the moment .
But what should be entirely possible is an electoral arrangement to avoid damaging clashes in key constituencies between the Greens and other sections of the left .
The Greens have always resisted this in the past but the time has come for a more serious and united approach .
Co-operation of this kind , across the left , must be the minimum target for the general election in 2010 .
A rightwing radio host set out to prove that waterboarding is n’t torture .
Things did n’t exactly go accordingly to plan :
And so it went Friday morning when WLS radio host Erich “ Mancow ” Muller decided to subject himself to the controversial practice of waterboarding live on his show .
Mancow decided to tackle the divisive issue head on — actually it was head down , while restrained and reclining .
“ I want to find out if it ’s torture , ” Mancow told his listeners Friday morning , adding that he hoped his on - air test would help prove that waterboarding did not , in fact , constitute torture …
“ It is way worse than I thought it would be , and that ’s no joke , ” Mancow said , likening it to a time when he nearly drowned as a child .
“ It is such an odd feeling to have water poured down your nose with your head back …
It was instantaneous … and I do n’t want to say this : absolutely torture . ”
“ I wanted to prove it was n’t torture , ” Mancow said .
“ They cut off our heads , we put water on their face … I got voted to do this but I really thought ‘ I ’m going to laugh this off . ’ “ Last year , Vanity Fair writer Christopher Hitchens endured the same experiment — and came to a similar conclusion .
The conservative writer said he found the treatment terrifying , and was haunted by it for months afterward .
“ Well , then , if waterboarding does not constitute torture , then there is no such thing as torture , ” Hitchens concluded in the article .
This from a guy who was described as a younger version of Rush Limbaugh .
Here ’s the video :
Now if only Sean Hannity would live up to his word …
Update : John Cole reacts :
ATLANTA ( Reuters ) - South Carolina Governor Mark Sanford tearfully admitted on Wednesday he had been unfaithful to his wife , likely ending any chance he might be a Republican contender for the U.S. presidency in 2012 .
Sanford resigned as chairman of the Republican Governors ’ Association and was replaced by Mississippi Governor Haley Barbour , another possible 2012 candidate .
“ Any aspirations for 2012 , if he had any , are certainly out of the question , ” said Robert Oldendick , a political scientist at the University of South Carolina .
Sanford ’s confession at a tumultuous news conference ended days of speculation over his whereabouts .
After he disappeared last week , his staff first said he was hiking on the Appalachian Trail .
It later emerged he had traveled to Argentina to be with his lover , leaving his family over Father ’s Day weekend .
“ I spent the last five days of my life crying in Argentina , ” he said .
Shedding tears , Sanford apologized to his wife Jenny , his family , friends and staff when he made the shock announcement after returning on Wednesday from Buenos Aires .
Sanford ’s wife Jenny said she and her husband had been undergoing a trial separation and she regretted his actions and the damage it had done to their children .
But she added in a statement : “ I remain willing to forgive Mark completely his indiscretions and to welcome him back . ”
Sanford explained how he had “ developed a relationship ” with a “ dear friend ” from Argentina .
“ It began very innocently ... in just a casual e-mail back and forth , ” he said .
“ But here recently over this last year it developed into something much more than that .
And as a consequence , I hurt her .
I hurt you all .
I hurt my wife .
I hurt my boys .
I hurt friends ... I hurt a lot of different folks . ”
With his tearful admission and groveling apologies , Sanford became the latest member of a fast - growing club of U.S. politicians who have confessed their sexual indiscretions before a public audience .
Sanford was one of several Republican governors seen as possible 2012 presidential candidates .
Others include Alaska Governor Sarah Palin , Minnesota ’s Tim Pawlenty , and Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
REPUBLICAN FORTUNES AT LOW EBB
As chairman of the governors ’ association Sanford has been one of the party ’s most visible spokesmen when its fortunes are at a low ebb .
Last week , Senator John Ensign , another potential Republican presidential contender in 2012 , announced he had an affair and resigned from the Senate leadership .
Apologizing for his “ selfishness , ” Sanford asked for “ a zone of privacy ” for his wife and their four sons .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
He did not identify the woman in the affair , whom he said was separated from her husband and had two boys .
South Carolina senator Lindsey Graham offered his support to his fellow Republican : “ I hope Mark will reconcile with his family and can continue serving as governor , ” he said in a statement .
Sanford ’s final term as governor ends in 2011 .
But raising pressure on Sanford , The State , South Carolina ’s main newspaper , published excerpts of e-mails it said were between the governor and the woman in which he professed love for her .
Sanford ’s office did not dispute the authenticity of the e-mails , the newspaper said .
Sanford wrote in passionate terms to his lover , describing the physical and intellectual delight he found with her .
When U.S. media reported Sanford ’s whereabouts were unknown since last Thursday , and that even his wife did not know where he was , his aides had said he was hiking on the Appalachian Trail in the eastern United States .
They said he needed a break after a tough state legislative session .
During his absence , some South Carolina politicians accused him of abdicating responsibility in state affairs .
Sanford flew back from Argentina to Atlanta early on Wednesday .
He initially told a reporter he had changed earlier plans and decided at the last minute to go to Argentina and drive along its coastline .
Sanford gained prominence this year by opposing Democratic President Barack Obama ’s economic stimulus bill and rejecting $ 700 million of South Carolina ’s portion of the funds on grounds it would undermine the state ’s fiscal stability .
The state ’s Supreme Court ruled this month that the federal cash must be accepted .
Kiss a live - action look at spectacularly dystopian future goodbye .
The live action remake of manga classic Akira is dead .
Sad :
We so wanted to see The Capsules , or at least the jacket , in real life .
Advertisement
The movie was rumored to take the six - book original series by Katsuhiro Otomo and translate it into two feature films .
Ruairi Robinson was attached to direct the project .
Bloody Disgusting is now reporting that the film is dead in the water .
Sad news comes in this weekend as we have learned that not only has Robinson left the project , but Tetsuo and Kaneda 's adventure is " dead as a doornail , " a report we 've confirmed with two separate sources .
Advertisement
You guys speculated that the project sounded rushed , and that such an undertaking probably could n't be done , in a manner worthy to the series in time , for a 2010 release .
So maybe it's all for the best , and maybe this it will have another life in the future — the far future where there are psychics , sex slaves , floating chairs , and we live in a Neo - City .
After nine centuries of keeping women on dry land , Venice broke with tradition today by approving its first female gondolier .
Giorgia Boscolo , 23 , a mother of two , came through a gruelling course , which included 400 hours of instruction , to enter an all - male club that has resisted admitting women .
" I am immensely happy and proud , but today my day starts like every other , taking the children to school , " she said .
" I 've always loved gondolas and unlike my three sisters I preferred to row with my father instead of going out with my friends . "
She denied that she would not have the physical strength to manoeuvre ­gondolas , saying : " Childbirth is much more difficult . "
Venice introduced a gondoliering course in 2007 after centuries during which the trade was handed down from father to son .
Boscolo's father Dante , also a gondolier , said he still had reservations about his daughter ferrying tourists up the grand canal .
" I still think being a gondolier is a man 's job , but I am sure that with experience Giorgia will be able to do it easily , " he said .
During the six - month course , students learn how to steer their gondolas and must show a perfect knowledge of Venice 's canals .
Another woman taking the course , German - American Alexandra Hai , did not pass muster , despite having spent the last 12 years trying to become a gondolier .
Even before the launch of the official course , she took the gondoliers ' test four times , blaming examiners for being " overly strict " when she failed .
Hai , 42 , won a court battle to be able to ferry hotel guests , despite having no official licence , and was employed by a hotel in Venice .
By Detector | 20 March 2009
According to Digitimes and Economic Daily News , this year Linux pre-installed netbooks will fall to only 10 % compared to last year .
The Percentage is not negligible , but it represents a huge drop compared to the previous year .
In 2008 , Linux netbooks has a 70 % market share compared to Windows , but this share began to decline rapidly after presenting a netbook with Windows XP .
Buyers that are using Windows on their computers are not ready for platform change becouse the netbook is purchased mainly as a second computer .
According to the same analysis , in 2007 300,000 netbooks was delivered , and in 2008 the number climbed to 11.21 million .
This year expected sales are 23.2 million netbook units .
Tags | Business , Linux , Netbook
Our wilderness therapy treatment program can help you get the help you need .
RedCliff Ascent helps troubled teens ages 13 –17 .
Some teens fail to manage their home , school , and social life in an age - appropriate way .
When community and at - home treatment options fail , RedCliff Ascent can help .
Founded in 1993 , RedCliff Ascent has helped thousands of families .
Our campus covers an area of approximately 1,000 square miles .
It is not a boot camp , adventure camp , or any other kind of camp .
We are a Wilderness Therapy Program .
We lead the way in helping families and troubled / struggling teens when other options have not worked .
They 're late in coming , but the iPhone 3GS 's Voice Control commands , which support calling , music playback , and other device functions , look fantastic , assuming they work as advertised .
More info at our full iPhone 3GS guide .
Enlarge By Kevork Djansezian , AP Queen Alexandra 's birdwing is one of the largest and rarest of butterflies .
It has a wingspan up to 1 foot and is found flying above the rainforest in Papua New Guinea .
The male is luminous green and blue , the female pale brown .
Digg
del.icio.us
Newsvine
Reddit
Facebook LOS ANGELES 
The suspect lived in a white stucco building on the western edge of town .
Small and dark , his apartment contained no pictures , no food , few personal effects .
Just slim plastic boxes , dozens of them , piled high in cupboards and on shelves and in the refrigerator .
And a smell .
Faint and rancid , it permeated everything , clinging to the walls and the bathroom and the bed , clinging even to the suspect himself .
To undercover agent Ed Newcomer the smell was unmistakable .
The apartment reeked of dead insects .
Inside , the suspect grinned excitedly as he opened a container and gently poked the contents .
Dozens of slimy white grubs slithered in the dirt .
Another box revealed a dead black beetle the size of a fist , its long rhinoceros - like horn protruding in front .
" Dynastes hercules , " the suspect said , his voice high - pitched and shrill .
His fingernails were long and black .
Newcomer shuddered .
Even as a child , bugs had always creeped him out .
But he smiled affably , the wide - eyed neophyte being inducted by the master .
It was a role that Newcomer , a special agent with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , had been perfecting for two weeks .
He was becoming familiar with the names : Dynastes satanus , Teinopalpus aureus , Ornithoptera croesus .
He was becoming familiar with the smell .
The suspect opened another box , this one filled with dead butterflies , wings spread in iridescent glory — golds and greens and shimmering azures .
Like fairy dust , Newcomer thought .
Then he snapped back to reality .
Newcomer 's tape recorder had accidentally shut off .
His cellphone was broken .
His backup agent had lost him in traffic .
If the backup could n't make contact soon , he would call the police .
It was Newcomer 's first undercover case .
He had won the trust of the world 's most notorious butterfly smuggler , a man who made hundreds of thousands of dollars trading in endangered insects .
He had been invited into the suspect 's home .
Yet if he did n't leave in minutes his cover could be blown .
Butterfly king
In the cutthroat world of butterfly poaching , Hisayoshi Kojima was king .
He bragged he was the Indiana Jones of butterfly smugglers , that he commanded a network of poachers around the globe .
From Jamaica he could get the giant swallowtail Papilio homerus , whose velvety black and gold wings are depicted on the country 's $ 1,000 bank note .
From the Philippines he could get the Luzon peacock swallowtail or Papilio chikae .
And from Papua New Guinea he could get what many dealers had never even seen : the prized Queen Alexandra 's birdwing .
All are endangered , protected by international and U.S. wildlife laws .
It is illegal to catch , kill or import them .
Kojima always found a way .
Legitimate dealers had complained about him for years .
And for years , U.S. Fish and Wildlife agents had investigated him .
But Kojima , a Japanese native who lived in Los Angeles and Kyoto , always eluded capture .
Kojima boasted openly about his narrow escapes , how he was once stopped by customs in Mexico with a briefcase full of live beetles ( he pretended to be working for National Geographic magazine ) , how agents had once searched his house in Los Angeles .
" He was a known bad guy , " said supervising agent Marie Palladini , who ran the Los Angeles office .
" But he was also very paranoid , and clever . "
When an informant tipped her that Kojima would be attending the annual insect fair at Los Angeles County Museum of Natural History in May 2003 , she gave the case to Newcomer .
" Go for it , " she told him .
At 37 , Newcomer had just joined the service after working for the attorneys general of Colorado and Washington state .
He knew nothing about butterflies .
But he knew the law .
And under the law a Queen Alexandra is as protected as a rare snow leopard .
Butterfly trade " I can show you how to make money on butterflies . "
It was the first day of the insect fair , and Kojima had been easy to spot .
In the cavernous exhibition hall , where thousands of collectors swarmed among booths filled with everything from gold scarab beetles to red - backed spiders , Kojima ran the busiest stall .
" He 's no Indiana Jones , " Newcomer thought , sizing up the stocky 53 - year - old with the pudgy face , narrow eyes and bushy black eyebrows .
Kojima 's English was poor , his manner nervous and excitable .
But his butterflies were the finest at the fair .
Newcomer is trim and athletic , with sandy hair and hazel eyes and an easygoing manner .
He had left behind his gun , his badge and his wedding band .
He had assumed a false name .
And he had honed his story : how , bored by the marine business he had inherited from his father , he was looking for a hobby that could also become an investment .
The informant played his part , luring Kojima into conversation about a species of beetle from Bolivia that Kojima had on display .
Newcomer wondered what the beetle looked like alive .
Kojima 's eyes darted around the hall .
He motioned Newcomer to the back of his booth .
From a small cage , he pulled out an enormous horned live beetle .
" Wow , " Newcomer exclaimed .
" How much ? " $ 10,000 alive .
Is that legal ?
Newcomer asked .
Kojima shrugged .
" It is illegal ... but 99.99 % it is safe .
Sometimes we pay under the table . "
At the end of the day Kojima handed Newcomer a cardboard box .
Inside , were 23 dead butterflies .
They were not rare , he said .
But they would be enough to start Newcomer 's collection .
Newcomer thanked Kojima profusely .
Then he drove to his office , photographed the butterflies and marked the box — Evidence Seizure Tag # 608372 .
Insect mafias
Butterfly collecting has come a long way since the Victorian caricature of ruddy - faced Englishmen in khaki shorts bounding across the countryside with enormous nets .
These days the worldwide illegal trade in endangered species is worth an estimated $ 10 billion to $ 15 billion a year , according to law enforcement reports .
It can be as perilous as it is lucrative .
" We 've been bushwhacked and waylaid and run out of villages by guys with bows and arrows and spears , " said Joshua Lewallen of Insects International in Fort Davis , Texas .
Lewallen sells more than 11,000 species of insects , including 3,500 species of butterflies .
Like other legitimate dealers , he follows rainy seasons and collect insects freshly hatched .
Lewallen has heard the tales — of insect " mafias " in Thailand , and poaching gangs in Central Asia and daring helicopter rides to mountaintop butterflies in Russia .
" Collectors want rare things , " Lewallen said .
" And if people are willing to pay , others are willing to go to great lengths to provide the commodity . "
Into this world , Newcomer immersed himself .
He read about rare butterflies and the insect trade , clicked on websites , talked to experts .
He studied the " material " , as dealers call their insects .
Mourning whites and Cloudless Sulphers and El Segundo Blues .
There are about 18,000 known species of butterfly .
Newcomer started learning their names , their markings , the prices that rare ones bring .
At work Newcomer became known as " the butterfly agent . "
Undercover , he was becoming " Yoshi's friend . "
They met for coffee at Starbucks on a Venice boulevard .
They went to Kojima 's favorite Korean barbecue restaurant .
They shared personal details , each spinning tales , each cautiously probing for more .
Kojima fabricated a wife and son in Japan .
Newcomer invented a father and girlfriends .
Kojima boasted how he had raised Siamese betta fighting fish and how he had once owned a butterfly farm in Costa Rica .
Always Newcomer listened and marveled and coaxed him for more .
Always he wore a wire .
Kojima showed Newcomer how to fold butterflies in wax paper for shipping .
He taught him the delicate art of moistening the wings of dead butterflies so they could be unfolded and pinned precisely to mounting boards .
Kojima shrugged off the law .
Under the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora ( CITES ) special permits are required to transport endangered animals across borders .
CITES also bans the worldwide trade of species that are on the verge of extinction .
It was n't like he was dealing in drugs , Kojima said .
Kojima suggested that the two men start an eBay account together : Kojima would provide the specimens and Newcomer would run the Internet side .
As part of the deal Kojima gave Newcomer a disc containing photographs of his entire collection .
On July 7 , 2003 , Kojima returned to Japan , promising to send samples .
Newcomer alerted U.S. Customs .
Then he served subpoenas for Kojima 's U.S. bank accounts .
' Shame on you '
Nearly four months had passed and Newcomer was beginning to feel like a teenager , constantly waiting by the phone .
He had given Kojima a fake home address and a special cellphone number .
He e-mailed .
He called .
Nothing .
The undercover agent was baffled .
Did Kojima suspect him ?
Finally , he saw his chance .
Trolling the chat rooms of insectnet.com , he noticed other dealers complaining that Kojima was untrustworthy .
Newcomer jumped in .
He could vouch for " Yoshi , " he wrote .
He was working with him and could get anything from his collection .
Four dealers contacted Newcomer immediately .
Proudly , Newcomer e-mailed Kojima , telling him he'd found new customers and asking for specimens — from Morpho helena , named after Helen of Troy , to Ornithoptera goliath , the world 's second largest butterfly .
But instead of being pleased , Kojima got mad , berating Newcomer , warning him not to trust people he had not developed a relationship with .
They could be undercover agents , Kojima said .
It would be seven months before Kojima resumed contact .
Newcomer played the waiting game until eventually his patience wore thin .
He decided to set up a decoy eBay account .
He would use butterfly photographs from the disc that Kojima had given him and rig auctions so that the specimens would go for exorbitant prices to other undercover officers .
He would prove to Kojima , once and for all , that he was serious about making money in the butterfly business .
Once again , the plan backfired .
Once again the butterfly smuggler became furious .
If Newcomer offered a pair of Goliath samson on eBay , Kojima would instantly post Goliaths on his website at a cheaper price .
If Newcomer offered a Morpho cypris , Kojima would undercut him .
Kojima told other dealers that his specimens were superior to Newcomer's .
He wrote angry notes to Newcomer accusing him of stealing his photographs .
" Shame on you , " Kojima wrote in an e-mail on June 17 , 2004 .
" Comming soon big trable .
Not your friend , Yoshi . "
Newcomer could hardly believe it .
His case was falling apart .
And then the local game warden 's office called and told him about a tip it had received from a Japanese insect dealer who mistakenly thought he was contacting Fish and Wildlife .
Newcomer listened , stunned .
Kojima had turned him in .
Queen Alexandra Palladini was reassuring .
" He 'll he back , " she said .
" Just wait it out . "
For two years Newcomer turned to other cases , tracking dead hawks and illegal piranha .
But he could n't get the butterfly smuggler out of his head .
Then in May 2006 , he was tipped that Kojima was at the Los Angeles bug fair .
Newcomer had nothing to lose .
He took off his wedding band , put on his wire , and headed to the Los Angeles Museum of Natural History .
To his astonishment , Kojima hailed him warmly .
He had had open heart surgery , Kojima explained , which is why he had been out of touch .
And he had moved back permanently to Japan .
In no time they were lunching on Korean barbecue and talking deals .
Kojima 's latest scheme was highly illegal : poaching the Papilio indra kaibabensis — native black and white swallowtails from Grand Canyon National Park .
Japanese collectors , he said , would pay $ 500 for an American indra .
For his part , Newcomer pretended to have built up a trusted base of customers , including one who would pay top dollar for a Queen Alexandra .
" I can get you Alexandra , " Kojima said .
Newcomer held his breath .
This was what he'd waited so long to hear .
Kojima suggested setting up accounts with Skype , an Internet phone service .
Using his webcamera , Kojima would show specimens from Japan that Newcomer could purchase and sell to his customers .
" Time to get some buy money , " Newcomer thought , as Kojima headed back to Japan .
Newcomer 's heart was pounding .
He was staring at a grainy image of Kojima on his computer screen .
Breathlessly the butterfly smuggler was explaining how he could get two of the biggest Alexandra ever .
But Newcomer had to pay now .
How much ?
$ 8,500 .
It was mid-July .
After a month of Skype exchanges Newcomer had already spent about $ 6,000 on butterflies , including $ 1,800 for Ornithoptera croesus helios .
A pair of Queens was all he needed to bring Kojima down .
Newcomer feigned nervousness about the price .
He would pay half now , he said , and the rest when Kojima came to Los Angeles .
The package arrived by express mail a few days later .
Buried beneath a dozen common butterflies , were two Queen Alexandras , folded but still breathtaking .
Carefully , Newcomer unwrapped them .
He gazed at them for a long time .
He wondered about what else was being lost when delicate creatures like these were being hunted into extinction .
He wondered about Kojima .
Their many Skype calls made Newcomer increasingly repulsed by the butterfly smuggler 's world .
During one exchange Kojima had stopped in mid-conversation , leaping up to pluck a butterfly as it emerged from its chrysalis .
Though he could n't see what happened next , Newcomer presumed the smuggler killed it immediately by pinching its abdomen .
A butterfly that never flies has perfect wings .
But things had taken another turn .
Kojima 's conversations had become more and more personal .
It became clear that he was n't just interested in butterflies .
He was interested in Newcomer .
The agent played it coy , suggesting that they discuss their relationship when Kojima came back to Los Angeles .
Kojima promised to come right away .
It was the end of July .
Newcomer had spent $ 14,997 on 42 butterflies .
He 'd carefully recorded all specimens Kojima had offered him — including one rare hybrid for $ 30,000 — and the estimated black market value of everything , sold and offered , amounted to as much as $ 294,000 .
Newcomer had all the proof he needed .
Kojima would be arrested as soon as he returned to the United States .
Tracked down
On July 23 , Kojima called on Skype from his Kyoto apartment and said he was in the airport about to board a plane to Los Angeles .
" No you 're not , Yoshi , " Newcomer blurted out .
" I can see you . "
Kojima slammed down the phone .
Newcomer could have kicked himself .
He knew Kojima always lied about his travel plans .
What if he canceled his trip ?
Next Newcomer got a tip that Kojima was collecting swallowtails on the north rim of the Grand Canyon where indra kaibabensis flutter over rock parsley .
But when park rangers dashed to the scene , they found no trace .
Where the heck was Kojima ?
Had he outfoxed them one more time ?
Finally , on July 31 , Newcomer learned from a Customs agent that Kojima was about to land in Los Angeles .
The undercover agent raced to the airport .
From behind a pillar , he watched .
The butterfly smuggler walked through customs carrying a slim wooden box filled with butterflies .
He told officers who arrested him that it was a gift for Newcomer .
When he saw Newcomer , Kojima at first seemed relieved , as though his friend had come to bail him out .
Then he spotted Newcomer 's badge — and his wedding band .
Were you " Fish and Wild " since the first day we met ?
Kojima asked .
Yes , Newcomer replied .
And you 're married ?
Yes .
Kojima pleaded guilty to 17 charges related to the sale and smuggling of endangered butterflies .
This April , he was sentenced to 21 months in prison and fined $ 38,731 .
He declined a request to discuss the case .
Butterfly agent
At his office , Newcomer displays boxes of butterflies of every size and color .
Dazzling electric blue morphos and blazing yellow and green paradesia .
He holds up a framed pair , their wings as big as those of small birds ' .
The Queen Alexandras .
Eventually , they will be donated to a museum .
For now , Newcomer has a rare chance to admire a butterfly that most people have never seen .
Newcomer shies away from being labeled the " butterfly agent " but he acknowledges a new appreciation for the species .
On a recent hike he spotted a little grey butterfly with orange spots whose wings were caught in a spider web .
Strymon melinus , also known as the Common Hairstreak .
Gently , Newcomer freed it and watched it fly away .
Copyright 2007 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Share this story : Digg del.icio.us Newsvine Reddit Facebook Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
( CNN ) -- California corrections officials released a startling new prison mug shot of Grammy - winning music legend Phil Spector , convicted last month of second - degree murder and serving 19 years to life in prison .
Phil Spector 's prison mug shot , taken June 5 , shows him without a hairpiece .
Spector , 69 , is being held at North Kern State Prison , where he is being evaluated before receiving a permanent prison assignment , corrections spokesman Gordon Hinkle said .
The process could take up to 70 days .
The mug shot , which shows a bald - pated Spector , was taken on June 5 as part of the routine intake process .
California prison inmates are not permitted to wear wigs under Title 15 , Article 5 , Section 3062 of the state 's prison regulations , which addresses inmate hygiene .
Corrections officials also are concerned that wigs can be used to hide contraband .
A judge in Los Angeles sentenced Spector last month to the maximum sentence for second - degree murder in the February 2003 shooting death of actress Lana Clarkson .
Spector , 69 , wo n't be eligible for parole until he is 88 years old .
Clarkson , 40 , was found dead , slumped in a chair in the foyer of Spector 's Alhambra mansion with a gunshot wound through the roof of her mouth .
View a timeline of the case »
Spector 's retrial began in October and ended in April .
It took jurors 30 hours to convict him .
His first murder trial in 2007 ended in a mistrial when the jury deadlocked 10 to 2 in favor of conviction after 15 days of deliberations .
Clarkson starred in the 1985 B - movie " Barbarian Queen " and appeared in many other films , including " Deathstalker , " " Blind Date , " " Scarface , " " Fast Times at Ridgemont High " and the spoof " Amazon Women on the Moon . "
She was working as a VIP hostess at Hollywood 's House of Blues at the time of her death .
At both trials , Spector 's attorneys argued Clarkson was depressed over a recent breakup and her flagging Hollywood career .
They said she grabbed a .38 - caliber pistol and killed herself while at Spector 's home .
But prosecution witnesses painted Spector as a gun-toting menace .
Five women took the stand and testified he threatened them with firearms .
His driver testified he heard a loud noise and saw Spector leave the home , pistol in hand , saying , " I think I killed somebody . "
Spector 's professional trademark was the " Wall of Sound , " the layering of instrumental tracks and percussion that underpinned a string of hits on his Philles label , named for Spector and his business partner , Lester Sill , in the early 1960s .
CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this story .
All About Phil Spector • Lana Clarkson
Civil liberties groups are demanding a more thorough investigation after it emerged a Queensland man who died during an arrest last week may have been tasered by police more than 20 times .
Queensland Police initially told the media the Taser was used up to three times when officers tried to arrest Antonio Galeano during a violent struggle at Brandon , south of Townsville , last Friday .
The 39 - year - old collapsed and died a short time after being stunned by the 50,000 volt gun .
Data collected from the weapon reveals it was fired 28 times .
The data does not reveal the target .
Further testing is being done but the police union is standing by the officer who fired the weapon .
On Monday , Police Minister Neil Roberts and Commissioner Bob Atkinson suspended any further rollout of the Tasers and ordered the Crime and Misconduct Commission ( CMC ) to review the use of the gun .
Queensland police say the investigation into the man 's death will be completed within a month .
Investigation
The Deputy Commissioner of Queensland Police , Ian Stewart , says it is not clear how many times Mr Galeano was stunned .
He told ABC Radio's AM program that police are trying to work out just how the Taser was activated each time .
" Whether or not they were in probe mode - where the weapon is actually fired and the probes are ejected from the weapon , or whether it was in stun drive mode - where the weapon is placed against a person or an object , " he said .
He says there is an ongoing investigation into all of the circumstances involved in the incident .
" I am not going to talk about the specifics of that investigation , only to say that as a result of further information that came to hand from that investigation the review into Tasers has been commenced , " he said .
" That is an independent review in terms of our ethical standards and jointly with the CMC in Queensland undertaking a review of our policies , training and monitoring of the use of our Tasers .
" The review is expected to be completed within four weeks and then obviously there is issues to do with the inquiry being conducted by the coroner , but the information that can be released will be released to the public . "
Deputy Commissioner Stewart would not comment on whether Mr Galeano was handcuffed when he was tasered .
He says there are significant policies surrounding the use of Tasers and they are used only in serious matters .
" It is a serious use of force option which we make available , next only to the use of a service firearm , and the reality is that the use of Tasers actually saves lives , " he said .
He says there is policy in relation to the number of times a Taser can be fired at someone .
" We do have policy in relation to this but it 's situational , meaning that we ask our officers to reassess constantly their use of any force option available to them and that includes Tasers . "
' Baffling data '
Queensland Police Union acting president Ian Leavers says it is hard to know exactly what happened during the arrest at Brandon last Friday .
" The reported results of the gun 's data are baffling , concerning , and I believe are at odds with a number of other crucial pieces of evidence , " he said .
" It should be remembered that there are a number of other crucial testing results that will shed more light on the likely cause of death . "
Mr Leavers says Mr Galeano was extremely aggressive , armed with an iron bar and broken glass , and had harmed himself before officers tried to arrest him .
He says he is confident the officers involved have been honest and frank during the investigation .
" I 've spoken to them at length - I spoke to them in Ayr - and I 'm confident they told the truth , " Mr Leavers said .
Mr Leavers has called on the State Government to immediately free up funds to install camera attachments on all Tasers .
" I believe at this point in time it is imperative that we have cameras attached to all Tasers because that will record each and every movement everything that happens - than there can be no doubt , " he said .
Meanwhile , Queensland Opposition Leader John - Paul Langbroek says the Liberal National Party ( LNP ) is in favour of Tasers .
" We 've always supported the police using Tasers , but clearly there 's an investigation into the particular incident and I await that investigation with interest , the outcomes , " he said .
" But clearly the police need to have non-lethal methods to use on offenders . "
An excellent opportunity for architecture students in China has just been shared with us .
The Mad Traveling Fellowship was established to provide the opportunity for young architecture students in China to research a special aspect of architecture that requires international travel .
The international trip will give students the opportunity to discover a new culture , and provide a new environment for ideas .
More information about fellowship after the break .
To be eligible to participate in this fellowship , the applicant must be either in a BA or MA program in the architecture schools in mainland China , excluding those who are expected to graduate by the summer of 2009 .
To apply , applicants must include a 300 - word proposal , stating one ’s study interest , objective for the trip and the relationship between them .
A portfolio of 1 - 2 previous design works in support of the proposal must be included .
All applicant material must be sent as an A4 - size pdf file less than 4 MB to travel@i-mad.com .
Please note name , date of birth , name of the school , grade , and contact information .
The deadline for the Mad Traveling Fellowship is June 30 , 2009 .
The results will be announced July 10 , 2009 .
Five selected students will receive a round - trip ticket and 7 - 10 days ’ accommodations for their international stay .
Jury : Ma Yansong Sponsor of the 2009 Mad Travel Fellowship : VERTU
For more information .
By politics.co.uk staff
A hundred Romanians have had to spend the night in a church hall after suffering a series of racist attacks in Northern Ireland .
The group consisted of 20 different families and included a five - year - old girl .
The attacks , which have gone on for a week now , occurred in the Lisburn road area of Belfast .
The council is set to meet with police and social services later to discuss the situation .
Deputy first minister Martin McGuinness called it a " totally shameful episode " .
" We need a collective effort to face down this criminals in society who are quite clearly intent on preying on vulnerable women and children , " he said .
Most of the families do not wish to return to the area and will stay at a leisure centre tonight in south Belfast .
" They have a right to be in Belfast they are part of the fabric of this city .
I want to see them treated with the respect and dignity that I would demand for any other citizen , " said Lord Mayor Naomi Long .
" This is a small number of people who are engaged in this violence .
I understand this is cold comfort to the people affected by it . "
Malcolm Morgan , pastor at the church , said he intended to prove to the families that Belfast was not composed entirely of the type of people who attacked them .
" It 's a sad indictment of our society , but hopefully we can show them a different side to Northern Ireland and a caring side of Northern Ireland , " he said .
A spokeswoman for the police service of Northern Ireland said : " Police in the south Belfast area assisted several organisations in the temporary relocation of a number of families following consultation with community representatives .
" Families moved to a near - by church and they are being cared for by the appropriate agencies . "
Police are now looking at CCTV footage of the incidents .
Here are some pics of a topless Megan Fox from the set of her new movie “ Jennifer ’s Body ” .
From what I can tell from these pics of Megan , “ Jennifer ’s Body ” is about a hot girl who frolics around topless in a lake .
However , and this is were it gets interesting , this hot girl does not have any nipples and / or likes to wear flesh colored tape on her breasts .
I do n’t want to speak to soon , but I see an Oscar in Megan ’s future for this performance .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The UK has the ability to launch cyber attacks but does not use it for industrial espionage like some other countries , minister Lord West has said .
He refused to be drawn on whether it was used for military purposes .
He was speaking as the government launched a new cyber security strategy aimed at combating online attacks .
He told BBC Radio 4's PM programme the UK faced coordinated cyber attacks " on a regular basis " from other countries including Russia and China .
And he confirmed that the British government had approached the Russian and Chinese governments to ask them to stop the attacks .
" We have had a dialogue with them in the past and I would n't want to go into what goes on in terms of debate at the moment , " he told the BBC .
' Talented people '
Pressed on whether Britain used cyber attacks itself , he said : " We do not go and attack other nations to try and find from them their industrial secrets . "
But he added : " I think it would be very silly of any nation not to have an ability to use cyber space for the safety and security of its nation . "
Pressed further on Britain 's cyber warfare capabilities , he said : " We have an ability to do things and we have got very good and very talented people who have worked on this . "
FROM THE PM PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from PM
Asked how the UK could criticise other countries for using electronic espionage , when it used such tactics itself , he said : " I think that coordinated attacks on a regular basis to try and get industrial information from a nation is wrong . "
He also hit back at Tory claims the government has been slow off the mark in setting up a cyber strategy , saying it had been working on the issue for some time but needed a more coordinated approach as the attacks had become " cleverer " .
He claimed the UK was ahead of the rest of the world in its cyber security strategy .
Launching the strategy earlier Lord West , who has been appointed as the UK 's first cyber security minister , said the government had recruited a team of former hackers for its new Cyber Security Operations Centre , based at the government 's secret listening post GCHQ , in Cheltenham , to help it fight back .
Future targets
They had not employed any " ultra , ultra criminals " but needed the expertise of former " naughty boys " , he added .
" You need youngsters who are deep into this stuff ...
If they have been slightly naughty boys , very often they really enjoy stopping other naughty boys , " he said .
He also confirmed that the government had developed the capability to strike back at cyber attacks , although he declined to say whether it had ever been used .
The cyber security strategy uses broad , undefined terms that risk creating panic among the public and a demand for further government powers
Tom Brake , Lib Dem home affairs spokesman
Cyber - security strategy launched " It would be silly to say that we do n't have any capability to do offensive work from Cheltenham , and I do n't think I should say any more than that . "
The biggest threat was from " state actors , " said Lord West , but the threat from terrorists was also growing and he warned that future targets could include key businesses , the national power grid , financial markets and Whitehall departments .
He denied that hackers had successfully broken into government systems and stolen secret information .
' Missed opportunity ' Lord West joined Prime Minister Gordon Brown and Home Secretary Alan Johnson for a visit to Detica , a London consultancy dedicated to tackling the cyber threat .
Mr Brown said : " I think everybody knows the internet has expanded massively , information is flowing around the world , citizens are in danger of being victims of organised crime , there are potentially terrorist attacks on our community , so we are stepping up this strategic unit to look at cyber security . "
But Dame Pauline Neville - Jones , for the Conservatives , said the strategy was a " missed opportunity " .
" It is impossible to know how significant these announcements are because we do not know what funding will be made available to enhance our ability to tackle cyber threats .
It is also not clear how these new cyber security structures fit into the existing national security machinery . "
Her colleague in the Commons , Crispin Blunt , called it a " pale imitation " of an initiative launched by US President Barack Obama .
Ethics panel Lib Dem home affairs spokesman Tom Brake said : " This new cyber security strategy could lead to an extension of the government 's invasive counter - terrorism powers which already pose significant threats to our civil liberties .
" The cyber security strategy uses broad , undefined terms that risk creating panic among the public and a demand for further government powers .
We must not retreat into a Cold War mentality . "
He demanded reassurances from Home Office minister John Hanson that the new unit , which will start work in September and be paid for out of existing budgets , will not be used to spy on ordinary people 's internet use .
Mr Hanson said a special ethics panel would be set up to monitor the new unit and the government would work with civil liberties groups , although he declined to say which ones .
" This is about defending civil liberties and ensuring that we protect the liberties of people to enjoy their lives free of crime and free of the terrorist threat , " he told MPs .
Mr Brake and Mr Blunt also asked why news of the new unit appeared to have been leaked to the media - prompting Mr Hanson to admit that it had been issued two days early in error and some newspapers had broken an embargo .
Tom Watson , until earlier this month a Cabinet Office minister in charge of digital engagement , said the opposition were missing the point : " There is state - sponsored hacking of key UK information networks on an industrial scale and we have to transform GCHQ into a spy school for geeks who are more cunning than their Chinese counterparts . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The leader of the controversial Church of Scientology routinely physically attacked members of his management team , according to former executives , a Florida newspaper has reported .
Defectors from the controversial organisation who spoke to the St Petersburg Times told the paper that David Miscavige was " constantly denigrating and beating on people " .
Mike Rinder , the church 's spokesman for decades , said he was attacked by Miscavige some 50 times .
" It was random and whimsical , " he told the St Petersburg Times .
" It could be the look on your face .
Or not answering a question quickly .
But it always was a punishment . "
Rinder and Marty Rathburn were the two highest - ranking executives to leave the church .
Rathburn said he saw Rinder " get beat up at least a dozen times just in those last four years … some of them were pretty gruesome " .
Church officials denied the allegations and told the St Petersburg Times that Miscavige had never hit a church staffer .
Tom De Vocht , who oversaw the church 's spiritual headquarters in Clearwater , Florida , estimated that from 2003 to 2005 , he saw Miscavige strike staffers as many as 100 times .
" If it was n't the answer he wanted to hear , he 'd lose it , " De Vocht told the paper .
" If it was contrary to how he thought , he 'd lose it .
If he found it to be smart aleck , or it was a better answer than he had , he would lose it . "
Amy Scobee , who helped create the group 's celebrity network , said she saw many attacks , including an incident when Miscavige choked Rinder until his face turned purple .
Rathburn , Rinder and De Vocht admitted in the St Petersburg Times that they hit others .
Rathburn claimed a number of the attacks he carried out were on Miscavige 's orders , while De Vocht said he " punched a couple of guys " out of a " survival instinct .
If I do n't attack I 'm going to be attacked , " he said .
The defectors also alleged that there was a system of " ecclesiastical justice " that included publicly confessing sins and crimes to a group of peers , and being ordered to jump into a pool fully clothed .
But some of the incidents allegedly seen by the defectors were denied by the people they identified as witnesses .
The Church of Scientology said the defectors had all failed within the organisation and were " ethically suspect " .
The St Petersburg Times reported that it first asked for an interview with Miscavige on 13 May but was told he was not available for interview before July .
When it published the story , part of a three - part series about Scientology , Miscavige wrote to the paper and said he had " uncontrovertible proof that your sources are lying .
I am at a loss to comprehend how the St Petersburg Times can publish a story about me and the religion I lead without accepting the offer to speak with me . "
Research co-led by an academic at the University of Hertfordshire , concludes that cognitive behavioural therapy ( CBT ) is of no value in schizophrenia and has limited effect on depression .
Professor Keith Laws , at the University 's School of Psychology , is one of the lead authors on a paper entitled : Cognitive behavioural therapy for major psychiatric disorder : does it really work ?
A meta-analytical review of well - controlled trials , which has just been published online in the journal Psychological Medicine .
The paper reviews the use of CBT in schizophrenia , bipolar disorder and major depression .
The results of the review suggest that not only is CBT ineffective in treating schizophrenia and in preventing relapse , it is also ineffective in preventing relapses in bipolar disorder .
The review also suggests that CBT has only a weak effect in treating depression , but it has a greater effect in preventing relapses in this disorder .
The authors focused particularly on methodologically rigorous trials that compared CBT to a ‘ psychological placebo ' and also investigated the impact of ‘ blinding ' , i.e. whether or not the people who assessed the patients knew if they were receiving active treatment or not .
Both factors are considered essential before a drug treatment is approved for use in psychiatric disorders .
The authors noted that not a single trial employing both blinding and psychological placebo has found CBT to be effective in schizophrenia and surprisingly few well - controlled studies of CBT in depression .
" The results of this review are important because in March NICE re-approved CBT for use in all people with schizophrenia .
The Government is also investing millions of pounds to provide CBT for depression and anxiety in 250 dedicated therapy centres across England , " said Professor Laws .
" Yet the evidence here is that the effectiveness of this form of therapy may be less than previously thought , to the point of being non-existent in schizophrenia . "
The other authors of the paper are Professor Peter McKenna , Benito Menni Complex Assistencial en Salut Mental , Barcelona and Dr Damian Lynch , University of Glasgow .
( Update at the end of post ) Member of German parliament Jörg Tauss today joined the German Pirate Party .
Tauss had announced yesterday ( in German ) that he left the Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) .
In a video interview ( in German ) he now confirmed he has joined the party and cited ( in German ) the SPD ’s recent approval to a highly controversial new law regarding control of Internet communication as the main reason or his change of mind : „ Bit by bit the SPD developed from a civil rights party that bravely fought for freedom and justice into a party that only sucks up to the interests of the Union ( the Christian Democratic Party ) “ .
The chairman of a group of SPD members of parliament of the state of Baden - Wurttemberg , Tauss ’s home state , Christian Lange , demanded ( in German ) Tauss return his parliamentary mandate to the SPD : „ He ca n’t just capture the mandate “ .
Update ( June 22 ) : A reader commented „ should it not be mentioned in this context that Mr. Tauss is currently under investigation for allegedly having downloaded child pornography ? “
Of course .
I just wanted to provide some quick info in English when it happened because at the time there was nothing else available .
Now there is .
Shoppers in the future will be able to ‘ harvest ’ fruits and vegetables from supermarket shelves
Supermarket shoppers in the next decade will be able to pick fruit and vegetables from plants still growing on the shelves , according to a report into the future of retailing .
Instead of buying pre-packaged packs of tomatoes or strawberries , they will be able to “ harvest ” as much or as little as they like – introducing the concept of “ harvest by ” dates rather than “ best before ” dates .
The idea has been proposed by Futurelab , a company that helps businesses predict trends of the future , and was part of a report commissioned by Sainsbury , the supermarket chain .
Lucy MacLennan , Sainsbury ’s technical manager , said : “ This would completely change how we sell produce to our customers .
It would get rid of best before dates and allow shoppers to buy the freshest possible fruit and vegetables . ”
Currently , produce out of season takes about three or four days to travel from field to supermarket shelf , but under the futuristic plan the plants would be grown in hydroponic pods .
These are special mini greenhouses that allow plants to grow without the need for soil ; they grow in a special nutrient - enriched solution , cutting down on pesticides .
The pods would be very light and would allow the farmer to transport the plant from his farm to the supermarket while it is still growing .
Ms MacLennan said that shoppers picking their own crops in - store would , realistically , not happen for another ten years at least .
“ It could cut right down on wastage and packaging .
It would make not just environmental sense , but economic sense too so we are looking at it seriously , ” she said .
The produce most likely to be sold this way would be light - weight crops such as peppers , strawberries , raspberries , beans , peas , tomatoes and mushrooms .
Via Telegraph
Photoshop is one of the most popular graphic editing software in the world .
Sources of Photoshop work files are automatically saved in PSD format , and we usually need Photoshop program itself to open and edit PSD files .
However , sometimes we may not have Photoshop installed in our computer .
Paint .
NET is an alternative software that helps you open and edit PSD files without Photoshop .
Download Paint .NET here .
Paint.NET does n’t need any introduction .
It is highly modified version of Microsoft paint .
Paint.NET has lot of options which are similar to Adobe Photoshop .
It can work with layers , apply affects , operate with different colors , image profiles etc .
We cannot convert PSD file fully in manner to work with Paint.
NET , but it can operate basic editing functions and save the resulting file to any other format supported by Paint .
NET .
Download Paint.NET addon to open and edit PSD files .
Medicare and Medicaid savings that are key to achieving scoreable savings over the medium term but that by themselves would be unlikely to generate substantial long - term efficiency improvements in the health system , and " game - changers " that are unlikely to generate significant scoreable savings in the medium term but that are crucial to moving toward a health system that addresses the issues discussed in Atul Gawande ’s compelling New Yorker article .
( These game changers include , among other steps , items such as patient - centered quality research and re-orienting financial incentives through bundling and payment for quality rather than quantity of services delivered .
After attending innumerable meetings of the Institute of Medicine and other gatherings of health policy types , I believe we are aggressively pursuing virtually all the game changers that have been put on the table by analysts .
If anyone has ideas for what we ’re not doing that could be done , please let me know !
I also believe that since health care constantly evolves , it is impossible to specify today all the steps that will be necessary to reduce cost growth in a sustainable manner over the long term .
Instead , cost containment must be a dynamic process , in which different processes are employed in an ongoing effort to make the system more efficient . )
What should not be overlooked in all these discussions of cost containment measures , however , are the backstop fiscal constraints we are demanding of a plan in the short to medium term :
We are insisting that health reform be deficit neutral even over the next five to 10 years , through scoreable offsets such as savings within Medicare and Medicaid and ( as necessary ) additional revenue .
This belt - and - suspenders approach means we are not just banking on the long - term impact from the game changers to protect the budget .
We also are demanding quantifiable cuts , efficiencies , and revenue - raisers so that the budget is not adversely impacted in the medium - term .
That is to say , if the long - term savings from the game - changers materialize as expected , we wind up with a more efficient health care system and a better fiscal position .
If they do n’t , then at worst , we have a deficit - neutral plan that will not worsen our fiscal situation .
This is n’t the " voodoo economics " of supply - side tax cuts – not only because of the weak empirical basis for the claims behind such tax cuts , but also because proponents of supply - side economics were not willing to offset the cost of tax cuts through hard , verifiable offsets in the medium - term .
Our approach , by contrast , not only attempts to address the key forces behind inefficiencies and rising costs in our health care system , but is also backstopped by hard - headed budget accounting and clear - eyed fiscal discipline .
The insurance lobby has had multiple tactics for stopping the public option idea , which they despise because they know if regular folks have choice to go to a public option , insurance companies wo n't have the same ability to treat their customers like garbage when they get sick .
The first tactic was just to try to kill the public option outright , and the good news is that they appear to have failed at that .
This so - called trigger proposal is the second tactic : the idea is to write a " trigger " that will allow for a public option only under certain conditions , but write the legislation so that those conditions would never get met in the real world .
It 's a classic DC tactic , right up there with calling for a commission to study something .
Olympia
Snowe is carrying the insurance industry water on their trigger proposal , proposing triggers that would only get tripped in some fairyland none of us have ever visited .
The great thing for the insurance companies in a tactic like this is that it gives " centrist " Senators ( centrist in Washington , DC usually means those who have taken massive amounts of campaign contributions from the affected industry ) an excuse to help the insurance industry while looking like they are open to the public option that their constituents have been demanding .
Barack Obama and Democrats in Congress have gotten some good things done so far , and are building real momentum in getting us moving in the right direction on health care .
But if conservative Democrats force the adoption of the trigger , it will destroy Democratic unity and doom health care reform , because progressives will start attacking Democrats rather than insurance companies .
We really are at a critical moment .
The only committee seriously considering the trigger turkey is the Senate Finance Committee , whose members average several hundred thousand a piece in insurance industry contributions .
If you care about getting true health care reform , now is the time to make your voice heard : call the Senate Finance Committee members and tell them " NO to a trigger . "
Rick Scott is one pissed off , angry , right - wing sociopath -- and he 's all over my TV .
I do n't watch much but every time I turn on CNN on come the transparent distortions from Rick Scott 's swiftboat operation , CPR , the acronym for a Republican Party front group calling itself Conservatives for Patients Rights .
But if recent history is any clue to what they arefor it's clearly one thing : cheating Americans out of health care reform -- and they 're spending millions of dollars in the attempt .
The ads purport to show a series of horror stories about people living in countries with universal health care .
I 've lived and worked in both Canada and England and used the health care system in both .
As a former corporate president I have pretty sterling health insurance here in the U.S. I found the U.K. systembetter .
Scott 's TV ads paint the U.K. system so that it sounds nearly as bad as the system everyone in America actually does hate .
Oddly , in each vignette his ads highlight , there 's a portayal that sounds as though it 's a story we 've all heard a dozen times from friends , family and co-workers about the private insurance everyone detests .
And know one knows more about this inadequate system than Rick Scott himself , who has been one of the pre-eminent creators of a health care company widely acknowledged to be the McDonald 's of medical care .
And that brings us back to why Scott is so pissed off , so angry and a dangerous sociopath .
He build his hellish empire , Columbia Health Care , and was caught cheating , lying , stealing , fined $ 1.7 billion and forced to resign .
Watch this short film that explains exactly who Rick Scott is and think about it next time you see one of those swiftboat ads he 's running : Yesterday Rasmussen released a poll that shows 62 % of Americans still believe that our ongoing economic problems were caused by the Bush Regime .
Public trust in the Obama Administration to do the right thing is still running very high .
And there 's no one inside the administration who I trust more on health care than OMB Director Peter Orszag , who has been tasked with making sure Obama 's reforms are within the boundaries of fiscal discipline .
Yesterday he talked about how the administration 's cost containment falls into two categories : I can't help but wonder , though , what all the reasonableness is going to mean up against corporate shill like Chuck Grassley ( R - IA ) , Mitch McConnell ( R- KY ) , Jon Kyl ( R - AZ ) , John Cornyn ( R - TX ) , Richard Burr ( R-NC ) , Max Baucus ( D - MT ) , Ben Nelson ( D - NE ) , Arlen Specter ( R - D - PA ) , and the two kooks each from Oklahoma , Idaho , Wyoming , Alabama , Mississippi , Louisiana , Georgia , Utah and Arkansas who are not thinking about anything that benefits their constituents , only about how to serve the special interests who have bankrolled their careers in politics .
Rachel Maddow explained Rick Scott 's role in the health care battle a couple weeks ago .
Hard to imagine Obama and the Democrats would let the Insurance Industry roll over them on the # 1 issue in America -- but , as much as it pains me to say so , the Democrats really are as useless and craven as the Republicans .
Mike Lux , author ofunderstands better than most what a catastrophe this would be for the progressive cause .
He explains over atwhat the GOP front groups are up to and how the Insurance Industry plans to win the existential battle over health care reform .
The fate of the entire health care debate rests on a debate raging in the incredibly corrupt Senate over a so - called " trigger mechanism " for having a public option in health care insurance .
Labels : health insurance , Rick Scott , universal health care
It 's the OS that wo n't go away , despite many enterprises ' avowed distaste and Apple 's own public disinclination to support enterprise usage .
And yet , the newest Mac OS -- Mac OS X 10.6 Snow Leopard , due to be released in September -- has two major changes aimed directly at business users and the IT staff that supports them .
Despite that mutual disinterest , metrics from both IDC and Gartner show that Mac OS has held steady in U.S. market share , hovering between 7 and 8 percent ( with a share of about 4 percent in business ) .
And , according to a Technology Intelligence survey , nearly a quarter of businesses have at least 30 Macs .
As for Mac OS 's showing among those connected to the Internet , NetApplications has Mac OS X at 9.8 percent .
Even if IT does n't like the Mac 's presence , and even if Apple does n't care to commit to enterprise support , Macs are now better business clients than ever .
[ Get the full details on the new Mac OS in the Mac OS X Snow Leopard Bible by InfoWorld 's Galen Gruman and Macworld U.K.'s Mark Hattersley . ]
Native Exchange support on a Mac
You could easily argue that Apple 's public lack of interest in business users masks a stealth strategy to worm its way into the enterprise without being held accountable .
A year ago , the iPhone added native Exchange support via Microsoft 's ActiveSync , including remote kill capabilities and other management features via Exchange .
The new iPhone OS 3.0 due out this summer is said to extend the business - oriented security features even further .
And Mac OS X Snow Leopard will come with native Exchange support via ActiveSync as well , so you can use Apple 's Mail client or Microsoft 's Entourage client with Exchange 2007 Server natively -- no longer are you restricted to using IMAP .
But note the requirement to use Exchange 2007 for native access , though there 's no need for an Exchange client license on the Mac .
In business , using ActiveSync at first appears to be a nonevent .
It 's simply there , enabling Microsoft 's Entourage ( 2004 or 2008 ) to keep synced with your Exchange server , updating your folders regardless of whether you open them .
Connecting to an Exchange 2003 Server via Apple 's Mail is done via IMAP , which Snow Leopard 's Mail 4.0 calls IMAP Exchange and Leopard 's Mail calls simply Exchange .
In other words , ActiveSync does n't do anything ; Mail continues to synchronize based on the schedule you 've chosen , and as with the iPhone , folder mail is updated only when the folder is opened .
Connected to an Exchange 2007 Server , however , Mail acts like Entourage -- persistantly synced .
Using Exchange 2007 has subtle implications for Mail .
For example , if you set up Mail with an Exchange 2007 account , deleted messages are moved to the server 's Trash folder automatically , not kept locally .
You can also set up an Exchange root path .
Mac OS X Snow Leopard adds native Exchange 2007 support to more than just Mail .
Address Book and iCal can both be set to sync directly with Exchange 2007 -- no more of error - prone synchronization through Mac OS X's Sync Services .
As with the iPhone , you can select which services you want Mac OS X Snow Leopard to sync , enabling business users to maintain personal calendars in iCal and / or personal contacts in Address Book , while keeping their business information in Exchange .
iCal has an integrated view of both Exchange calendars and personal calendars , just as Address Book shows an integrated view of Exchange contacts and local contacts .
And if you 've set up iCal and Address Book to sync with Exchange 2007 , dragging an Address Book contact onto iCal sets up an appointment via Exchange .
If you use meeting room locations in Exchange , iCal can look for next available time in a meeting room and reschedule meeting automatically .
[ Find out how to manage Mac OS X in your business .
| Learn how to bring the iPhone into your enterprise . ]
What this means to IT is that your Mac users now interact with Exchange like Windows users , and the process is more invisible for them -- if you use Exchange 2007 .
There are some non-obvious benefits as well .
For example , if you equip your business users with BlackBerrys and use the BlackBerry Enterprise Server to sync the mobile devices with Exchange , you can ensure that Entourage ( or Mail , iCal , and Address Book ) are automatically synced as well , without having to use Sync Services and a third - party tool such as PocketMac SyncManager .
Of course , the same advantages apply if your business users have iPhones or other Exchange - compatible devices .
Good riddance to AppleTalk
Beyond adding native ActiveSync support , Mac OS X Snow Leopard kills a technology IT has long hated : AppleTalk .
Ever since it introduced Mac OS X nearly a decade ago , Apple has methodically shifted more and more of the Mac 's networking to IP .
Mac OS X Snow Leopard completes that transition , removing the AppleTalk protocol completely .
Mac OS X is now IP - based .
This is another nearly invisible change .
The AppleTalk pane goes away in the Network system preference settings for Ethernet and Wi-Fi connections .
But it means the chatty AppleTalk protocol simply cannot be used by Macs running Snow Leopard , so you no longer need to support it , nor worry about it clogging your network bandwidth .
What else has changed
In many respects , based on what Apple has shown at WWDC 2009 , using Snow Leopard is likely to be a nonevent for users and IT , outside the newfound ActiveSync and Exchange 2007 support .
The really big changes are under the hood : a sped - up Java processor ; a new parallel - processing architecture called Grand Central , to support multicore - enabled applications ; the ability to steal processing capability from graphics cards when you 're not playing games ; and a faster video engine in the revamped QuickTime X engine .
Optimized apps will thus run faster on Snow Leopard due to processor optimization , and Web , video , and animation should run faster , period .
The UI is nearly identical to Mac OS X 10.5 Leopard , so there should be almost no learning curve for either IT or users .
( An updated Safari 4 has the most notable UI changes . )
But there are a few small changes to be aware of both as a user and as someone supporting users :
In the Dock , if you click and hold on an app 's icon , you see images all the windows open for that application ( something Windows 7 will also do when it ships in October ) .
The Stacks feature in the Dock now lets you drill into subfolders .
In Icon view in the Finder , there 's now a magnificiation slider , and the icons are live previews , so you can play movies , page through PDFs , and so on .
Other Finder changes include the ability to access folder actions in the main contextual menu , rather than in the More submenu .
Folder action creation and deletion is also simplified .
And you can now set in Finder preferences the default search scope for Spotlight : the entire Mac , the current folder , or the previously used search scope .
And when users right - click or Control - click an item in the Trash , the new Put Back option in the contextual menu returns the deleted item to its original location .
Security - oriented changes include a new option to set a delay between when the screen saver begins and a password is required to access the Mac .
This change may not be to IT ’s liking , as it lets users create a “ dead time ” in which the Mac is still accessible without a password .
The Firewall settings in the Security system preference have been overhauled to be simpler , and you can now shield the Mac from responding to ICMP requests , as well as determine firewall options on a per-application basis .
The Sharing system preference now offers the option to share scanners with other Mac users , much as you already do with printers .
The Keyboard & Mouse system preference has been split into two system preferences : Keyboard and Mouse .
Keyboard adds new controls over shortcuts , including controls over which system services are displayed , as well as cleaner controls over user - defined shortcuts .
With Snow Leopard , you can also set up Bluetooth keyboards in the Keyboard system preference .
The Date & Time system preference now has an option to autodetect the current time zone , which should be a boon to laptop users .
Taking an iPhone capability , users can enter Chinese characters via gestures on the recent MacBooks ' Multi-Touch trackpad .
( And Apple has opened its Multi - Touch trackpad for access by developers , so expect more applications to take advantage of it . )
The system preference that controls language access has been renamed from International to Languages & Text , and adds new controls over word breaks .
And the formerly separate Kana palette for inputting Japanese characters is now part of the Character palette .
There are likely to be a raft of similar - scale enhancements in the final version when it ships later this year ( upgrades start at $ 29 per user ) .
The latest Mac OS fits that much easier into business IT
Despite its public diffidence about enterprise adoption , Apple has made Snow Leopard an easier fit for the enterprise .
ActiveSync support , the death of AppleTalk , and various security enhancements are of little use to the consumer audience that Apple formally targets .
Ironically , the lack of fundamental changes that could break applications or require user retraining should also appeal to enterprises -- especially those whose mixed environments will soon require significant resources to accommodate the coming shift from Windows XP to Windows 7 .
Either way , organizations that use Macs will be able to ease their Mac management , and those that are considering Mac adoption now have a few more obstacles removed .
By Eugene Robinson - May 26 , 2009
WASHINGTON --
Which reality do you inhabit , Obama World or Cheney World ?
If it 's the latter , remember that storm clouds are always gathering .
Do n't forget your umbrella .
In Obama World , it 's always morning .
The sun is shining , the birds are chirping and the pollen count is low .
In Cheney World , it 's perpetual twilight .
Somewhere in the distance , a lone wolf howls at the rising moon .
In Obama World , human beings are flawed but essentially decent and rational .
Most will behave in a way consistent with enlightened self - interest .
In Cheney World , humanity 's defects are indelible and irredeemable .
Absent evidence to the contrary , evil should be assumed to lurk in every heart .
Better to do unto others before they have a chance to do unto you .
In Obama World , choices are artifacts of reasoning and thus are only as valid as the logic underlying them .
Security and freedom , for example , do not have to be seen as an either - or proposition .
The nation never came to a fork in the road with one path labeled " torture " and the other labeled " disaster . "
In Cheney World , choices are binary and absolute .
There 's no wiggle room , no gray area , no time for second thoughts and no debate about how our options are framed .
It 's my way or the highway , citizen .
In Obama World , objective fact matters .
The failure to find any weapons of mass destruction in Iraq is significant .
The absence of any link whatsoever between Iraq and the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks is relevant .
In Cheney World , facts are based more on conviction than evidence .
If it 's possible to imagine " nuclear - armed terrorists , " as Cheney did in his speech the other day , then they " exist " at least as a concept -- and this conceptual existence justifies torture , among other abuses .
In Obama World , some " threats " can be recognized as no threat at all .
Since there has never been an escape from the federal " supermax " prison in Colorado , and since it already houses plenty of terrorists , spies and other miscreants , there 's no real reason to be concerned about transferring any of the Guantanamo inmates , even the worst of the lot , there .
But in Cheney World , no threat , however remote , can be definitively ruled out -- especially if there 's political hay to be made .
And anyway , it 's fun to scare people .
Obama World buzzes with information overload -- hundreds of cable channels , zillions of Web sites , constant " tweets " from Twitter .
In Cheney World , it 's pretty much Fox News and Rush Limbaugh , all day , every day .
It 's like the saying , " I like both kinds of music -- country and western . "
In Obama World , Americans have a sense of community and shared purpose .
Those upon whom fortune has smiled -- through accident of birth , educational opportunity , career - enhancing connections or any other kind of " right place , right time " serendipity -- recognize that extending a hand to those who do not enjoy such advantages is not just morally right , but ultimately beneficial to all .
They believe that Henry Ford was right to pay his workers the shockingly high sum of $ 5 a day -- so they could afford to buy the cars they were making .
In Cheney World , sharing is for saps .
Obtaining great wealth and power has nothing to do with being " fortunate , " whatever that means .
It 's all about preparation , focus and hard work .
The idea that luck or connections could possibly have anything to do with , say , becoming the lavishly compensated chairman and chief executive of a mega- corporation such as Halliburton ?
Preposterous and un-American .
In Obama World , America exerts its leadership not just through force but through example .
Our nation 's exceptionalism lies in its ideals of freedom , justice and opportunity for all , in its decency and generosity , in its commitment to the rule of law and its zeal for self - improvement , in its willingness to examine its own flaws and work to correct them .
These intangibles are backed up by the world 's most powerful military , but it 's the ideals that matter most .
When we lose sight of them , we head down the path of inevitable decline .
In Cheney World , ideals are nice and all that , but might makes right .
We do what we want .
Because we can .
You got a problem with that ?
Obama
World is an exciting place to live right now -- not perfect , to be sure , but full of energy and hope .
If Dick Cheney wants to stay in his bunker , that 's his business .
Others might want to come up for some fresh air .
Tehran University looked as calm as any summer campus .
So much for the latest rumours of a bloodbath .
Another piece of Iranian fiction , served up on YouTube .
Scarved female students were moving through the university 's great black iron gates .
I asked my driver , Ali , to drop me off at the corner so I could prowl the college bookshops on Engelob Street , I was looking for a volume of modern Persian poetry for a friend .
I did not at first hear the man at the cash desk , motioning out the door .
I peered out .
The gates of the university were now shut .
Behind them was a crowd of hundreds of young men and women , many wearing scarves over their mouths .
I crossed the road .
And the banners behind those forbidding gates told a frightening story .
" Today is a day of mourning , " one of them read .
" Dignified students are mourners today . "
" Police , shame on you , shame on you . "
" Tell my mother – she does n't have a son any more . "
I walked up to the gate .
Young female students were crying .
So were some of the young men .
" We do n't want a government by coup , " another poster read .
" Tehran University dormitory has been coloured with students ' blood , " another said .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
It was difficult to hear over the cries and screaming .
But a student began shouting at me in English through those grim black gates .
" There was a massacre , " he bellowed .
" The Basiji and the police came into our student dorms .
It all started after the violence last Saturday .
The people in the street had been throwing stones , so many of us fled from the campus to our homes .
We came back yesterday and it seemed quiet .
Then all these armed men burst into the dorms , shooting . "
One girl spoke of five dead , another of seven .
A student suggested the dead men were not students .
Were they hiding on campus ?
It was n't clear .
Within hours , photographs of blood appeared on the internet .
Who were these mysterious victims – for dead men there surely were .
The crowds began to run in panic and behind them I spotted the familiar glint of steel helmets .
I 've now learned how to deal with these gentlemen .
You never , ever run .
You saunter towards them and if a single one moves his baton towards you , you click your finger so that he thinks that you have a right to be there .
Then you stand just behind them , nodding in a friendly way when they look at you .
One of the cops turned round with a cynical smile .
" Welcome to our country , " he said .
A couple of officers waved me away but I waved back my press card and they lost interest .
Did these cops know what had happened here ?
Did they have any idea how much these students hated them ?
A big plain - clothes man walked up and pointed his finger across the road .
More of the same kind were waiting on the other pavement .
" Papers ? " one asked .
He spent five minutes staring at my press card .
Behind him I could see the cops had climbed into the campus .
Two had seized a young man , struggling between them , terrified , before the first baton came down on his head .
I did n't hear the crack as the stick hit the student .
My driver was petrified .
He has no journalistic papers .
He had to be protected .
So we left .
As usual , the SMS system was down , the mobile phones were cut , the internet took half an hour to send a single message .
No calls to London or New York or Paris ...
Whenever the communications collapse here , you know that something is afoot .
Could it be that the police know when they are doing something wrong ?
Campus power : Student demonstrations hold key
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
By Adrian Hamilton
* A co-ordinated series of demonstrations by students in all the major cities of Iran throughout 1978 were instrumental in bringing down the Shah in early 1979 .
It is difficult to know whether they will be able to keep up their resistance this time , but their position could prove pivotal .
Iran is a young country with half its population under 25 .
It is also unique in its proportion of women in higher education , at 60 per cent .
For the last four years , it has been Iran 's campuses that have raised the standard of rebellion , demanding freedom of expression and relief from conservative rules on dress and behaviour , only to be put down with increasing severity and considerable bloodshed .
Demonstrations were held in 20 centres last summer , while Tehran students held a series of protests directly attacking President Ahmadinejad as a " tyrant " last autumn in which there were several deaths .
The protests have already started again in Tehran 's huge campus , but the authorities will be especially concerned if this starts spreading – as it seemed to be doing last summer – at which time Isfahan and Ahwaz were particular hotspots .
If rumours of student deaths and violent suppression start spreading , an uprising could be difficult to control .
Who Drives Better : Drunks or Stoners ?
Scientists have built a high - tech simulator to lay this important question to rest
Pngcrush [ DOWNLOAD ] [ CHANGELOG ]
Pngcrush is an optimizer for PNG ( Portable Network Graphics ) files .
It can be run from a commandline in an MSDOS window , or from a UNIX or LINUX commandline .
Its main purpose is to reduce the size of the PNG IDAT datastream by trying various compression levels and PNG filter methods .
It also can be used to remove unwanted ancillary chunks , or to add certain chunks including gAMA , tRNS , iCCP , and textual chunks .
Pngcrush , when statically linked to the supplied zlib code , is believed to be immune to the zlib - 1.1.3 " double - free " bug , since by default it detects and rejects any " double - free " attempt .
It merely generates a " Decompression Error " message and rejects the file .
Pngcrush is open source and may be used , modified , and redistributed by anyone without paying a fee .
The license , embedded in the file pngcrush.c , is equivalent but not identical to the libpng license found in the libpng file png.h .
The current version of pngcrush is identified here .
The source code for pngcrush is here .
The source code for pngcrush can also be found in the " pmt " git repository .
You can access it by cloning from git.code.sf.net/p/pmt/code or github.com/glennrp/libpng " .
At present , the pngcrush source is located in the " pngcrush " branch .
Binary executables are here .
Pngcrush uses libpng and zlib , both of which are included in this pngcrush source distribution .
They are slightly modified : libpng 's pngconf.h is modified to " #include pngcrush.h " which is used to " #define out " unused parts of the library # define PNG_SETJMP_NOT_SUPPORTED # define PNG_ABORT ( ) to set the IDAT buffer size to a large value , and
zlib is modified to set the TOO_FAR macro to 32767 in deflate . c
High resolution PNGCRUSH_TIMERS are included in pngread.c and pngwutil.c .
pngwutil.c is modified to avoid evaluating ADLER32 checksums while writing trial outputs .
If you prefer , you can compile only pngcrush .c from the pngcrush source distribution and run it with the stock libpng and zlib , which can be found at the PNG web site , www.libpng.org/pub/png/.
If you do this , The iTXt chunk will not be supported if your version of libpng does not support it .
Libpng will start supporting the iTXt chunk by default with version 1.4.0 .
pngcrush will be vulnerable to various overflow conditions that were fixed in August 2004 , if you use an unpatched libpng version earlier than version 1.2.7/1.0.17 .
pngcrush will be vulnerable to the zlib - 1.1.3 double - free bug , if you link pngcrush with zlib - 1.1.3 and a version of libpng such as any 1.0.x that does not have PNG_USER_MEM_SUPPORTED enabled .
TOO_FAR will be 4096 instead of 32767 in deflate.c , which will result in slightly larger files and slightly faster execution .
Execution will be a little slower because the ADLER32 checksum is always evaluated .
Some high resolution timing detailed results will not be reported .
also , you will be unable to read erroneous PNG files with " Too many IDAT's " .
Precompiled binaries for Windows ( runs in MSDOS window ) are here A fork of pngcrush development exists , by Cosmin Truta , with a slightly different feature set and search space .
See http://www.cs.toronto.edu/~cosmin/pngtech/optipng/ "
Pngcrush is a commandline application .
If you prefer a draggity - droppity GUI , several are available , including these which embed pngcrush along with other commandline image compressors / optimizers : ImageOptim for Macs , free , GPL v2 license
Trimage for Linux , Windows , Mac , free , MIT license Apple distributes a modified version of pngcrush .
It claims to be the real pngcrush and does not inform the user of the changes as the pngcrush license requires .
It creates files that are not valid PNG datastreams , since they begin with the CgBI chunk instead of the IHDR chunk .
The Apple - modified pngcrush is capable of reverting the " iPhone optimizations " ( except for unavoidable loss of precision in the underlying color values of non-opaque pixels ) .
There are also third - party applications such as the public domain , open source pngdefry application that can be found on the net .
I am required to note that Apple and iPhone are registered trademarks of Apple , Inc .
Links to translations of this page , or older versions of it , are available .
The author of pngcrush is Glenn Randers - Pehrson , glennrp@users.sf.net
[ HOME ]
For more on this story , read Sunday 's edition of The Flint Journal
FLINT , Michigan -- Ronald Higgerson has elaborate plans for the city of Flint , and most of them revolve around medical marijuana .
The write - in candidate for Flint mayor said he wants to make the city a center for the medical cannabis and hemp industry .
" The people voted , " he said today .
" Let 's regulate it , tax it and educate . "
Higgerson , 46 , is a fourth - generation Flint resident .
The former truck driver is now a struggling artist .
Higgerson knows he has less than a slim chance of winning the mayoral election as a relatively unknown write - in candidate -- let alone a write - in candidate with some of the out - there ideas he 's suggesting .
Nevertheless , he believes Flint can lead the way in " open and honest " scientific cannabis research , which would lead to more jobs for Flint residents , he said .
" Even if I had a million dollars and a name , it 's a slim chance , " he said .
" I know my ideas are controversial .
But I always knew this is the issue I really would push . "
The mayoral election is Aug .
4 . Candidates Dayne Walling and county Commissioner Brenda Clack will be on the ballot .
I Hate Blogging
Yes , this was a reality for me .
And the biggest fact is yet to come .
“ It came early . ”
Most importantly , as much as 95 % of bloggers go through this phase .
I was also one of them .
If you are also one of those who have uttered , I Hate Blogging and want to give up blogging , then read on as there ’s a lot for you in this post .
So , is it that blogging is not worth pursuing ?
Should you not start a blog ?
Or ,
Success in the Blogging world is hard ?
Is blogging an utter waste of time and efforts ?
Well , at this point I must share with you one small fact of life .
Great things never come easy .
And this also holds good for blogging , as well .
There are thousands of bloggers who are successful , and all have toiled hard to make their career in blogging .
They are successful because they have done the right things at the right time and continued to blog .
So , if you are too in the mood of putting your pen down and think it ’s time for you to quit blogging , just hold on .
Yes ,
JUST HOLD ON .
Let me tell you that blogging is rewarding .
It rewards those who persist .
And , this should be the beginning for you to rethink your decision to quit blogging .
I Hate Blogging
But why ?
Let me share my story with you .
After seeing a lot of successful blogs , I also thought to start a blog .
I thought my blog can make me popular and will make me earn a lot .
After a lot of research , I started a new blog .
I started writing regularly but after few days I found I am short of topic and writing was not a great pleasure experience for me .
I did not find it interesting to write regularly .
It is very boring to write .
Moreover , I am not a writer and I have not taken any formal education in writing .
I am not able to understand on which topic I should write because of that I hated blogging .
This can be the problem of many bloggers .
10 Blogging Mistakes Most of the Bloggers Make
Many blogs die soon after their launch .
Why those blog dies when there is some good post .
There are lots of question on this problem like , how to write regularly , how to love blogging , how to write a good blog post , how to get an idea for my next post and many more questions .
There are many new bloggers who are inspired and read other blogs like Problogger , Copyblogger , etc. , and I must say they are the best blog , and every blogger must learn from them .
Even after reading an inspiring post on those blogs bloggers are not able to love blogging .
Obviously , there are reasons that make you hate blogging .
It happened with me , but I persisted .
If there is a problem , you should look for solutions .
Giving it up would not lead you anywhere .
So , first , you should be determined to succeed .
Let us put in few minutes to explore this problem .
I will also share various points about how you can be a successful blogger .
I will tell you what I did to make my blog a successful one .
But , first , let us see why this happens ?
Reasons Why Some New Bloggers Give up
1. Without Focus – Without Any Goals
Let me tell you upfront .
If you are blogging without focus and without any goals , you will soon be saying , I Hate Blogging .
So , you must first set up goals for your blog .
You have to set up goals and then start working to achieve them .
Let me illustrate this with an example .
Suppose you want to rank high on the first page of SERPs for one of your posts .
Write your goal clearly .
“ I want to top the SERPs for my post . ”
Then start working towards it .
Create quality content .
Build relationships with top bloggers .
Build back - links for your post .
Use Social Media Networks to popularize and promote your post .
Use Social Bookmarking .
Do Paid Advertising .
Subscribe to do follow blogs .
So set up goals , stay focused and work consistently to achieve them .
This is the only way to succeed in the blogosphere .
2. Lack of Knowledge
There ’s no point diving when you do not know swimming .
Same goes with blogging .
So , whichever niche you choose for your blog , you should possess in - depth knowledge of it .
A Little Knowledge will lead you nowhere .
You can begin blogging , but soon you will say , I Hate Blogging .
The big thing is that you should know your interest areas .
Gather more knowledge and do the proper market study .
Follow popular blogs in your niche .
Study them and come up with interesting ideas that you think will go viral with your readers .
People have problems and questions .
They look for a solution .
If you have the knowledge and know how to share it with your audience , then it ’s perfect ace .
So , be focused on providing new solutions to your readers that hold them long to your blog .
This way they will recognize you as an expert in your field and will come back to your blog over and over again .
Keep exploring and go on increasing your knowledge of your chosen niche .
It will help you to play a long innings in the blogosphere .
How to Write on a Topic You Do n’t Know ?
3. Lack of Time
Remember one thing .
Failures always come up with excuses .
So , do n’t fall into that trap .
It may happen that if you are not getting success in the blogosphere you might say , “ I Want to Give Up Blogging . ”
You might start blogging with great passion and enthusiasm , and then quit it because of lack of time .
So , the crux is to manage your time intelligently .
Schedule and plan your work in advance and spare at least two to three hours for blogging .
If you allocate time to your blog and make proper blogging efforts , things will shine for you .
But , this does not happen automatically .
If you do not have enough time for
blogging , then it is better not start on a project .
Blogging demands continuous efforts on your part .
For this , you to take out time from your busy schedule .
Lack of time is an utterly silly excuse to quit blogging .
4. Do n’t have Writing Skills
It is a false notion to think that a blogosphere is a place meant only for good writers .
Moreover , many newbie bloggers get frustrated by their writing skills and decide to quit blogging .
However , the crux should be to continue writing .
Blogging is all about learning things and casting it into your words .
At first , you may find writing articles tough .
That ’s pretty ok !
It is nothing to be bogged down .
You should take your own time .
Research well and learn before writing your blog post .
Slowly , you will show improvements in your writing skills .
Nobody is a born writer .
You can pick out top blogs in your niche and can learn how they communicate with their readers .
It would be better if you develop your style .
It is not necessary to write down a post at one go .
You can complete it in two or three sittings .
So , find your comfort zone .
After all , you have to deliver your best to your readers .
You will soon find that you are making fewer mistakes as compared to your early days .
Rather than hating writing , inculcate love for writing .
That ’s the way to grow and succeed in the blogging world .
20 Types of Blog Posts For Creating Successful Blog
5. No Planning
Most bloggers fail because they do not make a long - term plan for their blog .
Blogging is more than just creating a blog on WordPress or Tumblr .
It needs all the planning effort as you would do for your business enterprise .
Without proper planning , your blog will soon fall .
So , you need to come up with detailed planning for your blog .
You need to know where you want to take your blog in the next year or so .
Then , you need to adopt proper execution methodology and need to devote time and resources .
So , you should chart out a detailed planning map for your blog before you start on your blogging journey .
6. Giving it up Early
Blogging is not a quick earning scheme .
It is a persistent phenomenon which requires hard work and dedicated efforts .
However , most newbie bloggers think otherwise .
They think they will be able to make quick and big sums of money out of blogging .
That ’s where they go wrong .
When they find that they are not making enough money , they decide to say goodbye to blogging .
It has been a tendency with newbie bloggers that they quit blogging in first 90 days .
Well , friends , I must say that never quit .
You have to realize that blogging demands much effort and time .
If you are willing to devote time and efforts , then blogosphere is for you .
Otherwise , it is not a quick earning scheme .
7. Lack of Promotion
Basically , blogging involves two things .
That is Writing Quality Content and Promotion .
You have to promote your content continuously till you get the desired traffic to your blog posts .
However , it is not always easy to find the best promotional techniques for your niche .
That ’s why many newbie bloggers quit blogging .
They fail to find ways to promote their blog and end up quitting blogging .
8. Run out of Ideas
Usually , many newbie bloggers show early enthusiasm in blogging .
However , they soon run out of ideas .
They begin by writing as much as five posts per week , but soon this number falls to 1 post per week , and eventually they stop writing .
This happens because they do not devote time to learning and expanding their knowledge .
They do not read other blogs in their niche .
Lack of research is the primary reason why most bloggers do not come up with innovative posts .
They are not able to create a list of future posts .
Without any post ideas , they feel frustrated and decide to quit blogging .
Having said this , there are ways which can let you transform your exclamation from I Hate Blogging to I Love Blogging .
And that ’s a good signal for you if you want to succeed in the blogosphere .
Here are some useful blogging tips for you :
How to overcome from this problem ?
1. Create a blog on a niche which you have some good knowledge and you can write on that topic for a long time .
Pick the topic on which you are passionate .
2 . It is not important to have only one niche for a blog .
If you think you can write on some other niche , then write for those topics on the same blog .
3 . Read other blogs in the same niche for which you write .
This will give you an idea for your new post .
4. Write , Write and Write .
Then you will start making love for your writing .
As much you will write you will find you love writing .
5. Read , Read and Read this will fill your mind with ideas .
When you read you get an idea for a future post , this will again help you to love writing .
6 . Do n’t think you have to write daily .
If you can write few good posts per week , then do that .
There are many popular blogs who just write a 3 - 4 post per week and those
post bring a lot of visitors per day for them .
7 . Set some small targets for your blog and always try to achieve those targets .
When you achieve some target , it will boost your confidence this will make you love your job .
So , it ’s always easy to exclaim , “ I Hate Blogging . ”
Remember the success rule – Never ever quit .
If you are persistent and show consistency in your blogging efforts , you are bound to succeed .
I also exclaimed , I Hate Blogging
Now , after my persistent and continuous efforts , I exclaim , I Love Blogging
I can say that you can too say , “ I Love Blogging ” .
Just follow the right steps and continue blogging .
Long before it became hip to shop at thrift stores for second - hand clothing , I ’ve been doing it ; I remain doing it because it ’s hip , but that ’s beside the point .
It just made sense to me : the same clothes , but cheaper , and for all intensive purposes , I fit in with my other middle - class friends just fine .
Yet Sebastian , despite buying his clothing new from Zellers ( the Walmart of the North ) , always managed to look poor .
Whether it was awkwardly - colored Camouflage shorts or Looney Tunes t- shirts , it was unmistakable : Lesson III : Poor people intentionally dress shitty .
One day , Sebastian ’s father arrived unexpectedly , and without as much of a fight , was swept away with his sister to the east coast of Canada ( which , for all you Americans , if full of poor people , fishermen and alcoholics ) , leaving their mother to live alone .
Lesson IV : Poor people have shitty families .
And are probably drunk , and maybe fishermen .
My fifth lesson came not from Sebastian , but from the family which replaced him .
Shortly after his mother moved out , a new family arrived , consisting of a single mom and two aggressive twin boys : Lesson V : All poor people are the same .
By no means is this the first time unemployment has been fashionable .
In the 70s , England was suffering through a major economic recession .
In response , unemployed and dissatisfied youths created the earliest punk scenes .
Will punk come back in America from its Bowling For Soup pop coma ?
Maybe hipster culture will fuse with early 80's punk , and Deerhunter shows will be full of spike nosed , rainbow mohawked freaks .
In this economy , anything is possible !
Maybe homelessness will become cool .
Tin cans , bindles , eating food from the garbage -- all these things will be " in . "
Remember the homeless fashion show in Zoolander ?
It 'll be like that joke , only when we watch it , we 'll be like , " what 's so funny ?
I really wear a safety cone bra . "
The hippest restaurants will start serving food " A la hobo " : half - eaten and with pigeon shit sprinkled in for decoration .
The only good thing about this would be if rich people co-opted the trend , and decided to give their money away , so they can become authentically poor .
I 'll take it !
( At that point , I wo n't be cool enough to be poor . )
However , other than that , I 'm not looking forward to seeing dirty cardboard box shirts at Urban Outfitters .
Not for $ 48 dollars anyway .
Intelligence document says extremist radicals “ stockpiling ” weapons and ammunition in fear of Obama gun ban
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Monday , April 13 , 2009
A Department of Homeland Security intelligence assessment equates gun owners with violent terrorists and states that radical extremists are “ stockpiling ” weapons in fear of an Obama administration gun ban .
This newly uncovered document is just the latest in a long sordid line of training manuals in which the federal government characterizes millions of American citizens as potentially violent terrorists who are a threat to law enforcement .
The document is entitled Rightwing Extremism : Current Economic and Political Climate Fueling Resurgence in Radicalization and Recruitment ( PDF link ) and was released just a few days ago .
The paper is labeled Law Enforcement Sensitive and states , “ No portion of the LES information should be released to the media , the general public , or over non-secure Internet servers .
Release of this information could adversely affect or jeopardize investigative activities . ”
However , probably as a result of a concerned whistleblower , the secret document has been leaked to the Internet .
Alex Jones called the numbers listed on the document and validated its authenticity .
He contacted the “ watch captain ” at the Department of Homeland Security ’s National Infrastructure Coordinating Center who confirmed the product number on the document as legitimate but would not comment further .
A call to the FBI went unanswered .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The document states that the election of an African - American president and the economic downturn have acted as “ unique drivers for rightwing radicalization and recruitment , ” adding that , “ The possible passage of new restrictions on firearms …. could lead to the emergence of terrorist groups …. capable of carrying out violent attacks . ”
The DHS is essentially claiming that people who are concerned about the Obama administration ’s plans to curtail the second amendment , and by extension anyone who owns guns or who has purchased guns in response to such a scenario , is a potential violent terrorist .
The bulk purchasing of ammunition is labeled “ stockpiling ” and “ hoarding ” to create the myth that people who buy bullets are storing them for some kind of violent revolutionary attack .
The document also claims that people who buy guns and ammunition are also rightwing extremists engaged in “ paramilitary training , ” a bizarre claim backed up with no evidence whatsoever .
The document then discusses past and current gun legislation with the implication that anyone who vehemently opposes attacks on the second amendment right to bear arms is a potential terrorist , or at best a “ rightwing extremist ” .
Expressing concern about concentration camps , illegal immigration , the economy and martial law is also characterized by implication as a potential indication of terrorist activity .
In the classic guilt - by - association method with which we are all too familiar , the threat assessment then links such people with the Oklahoma City bombing , Timothy McVeigh , pipe bombers , and right - wing extremist groups , despite the fact that such groups were found to have been controlled by the feds themselves all along .
The document also mentions the Pittsburgh cop killer , Richard Poplawski , who murdered three police officers after they came to his mother ’s house in response to a domestic disturbance related to Poplawski ’s dog urinating on the floor .
But according to the DHS , the incident did not represent a mundane but tragic domestic dispute gone horribly wrong , but a potential indication of the “ rise in rightwing extremism ” .
The DHS then throws in “ anti- government conspiracy theories ” and concerns about a “ one world government ” as another potential breeding ground for violent terrorists .
Indeed , the document characterizes concerns about the economy , unemployment , the loss of U.S. sovereignty and the move towards global government as “ rightwing extremist chatter on the Internet . ”
In reality of course , the economy is in dire straights , jobs are being cut everywhere , and top globalists themselves are openly talking of their agenda to build a world government out of the shredded sovereignty of the U.S.
But according to Homeland Security , anyone who talks about that reality could be a potential terrorist .
World Bank President and Bilderberg elitist Robert Zoellick openly admitted the plan to eliminate national sovereignty and impose a global government during a speech on the eve of the G20 summit when he stated , “ If leaders are serious about creating new global responsibilities or governance , let them start by modernising multilateralism to empower the WTO , the IMF , and the World Bank Group to monitor national policies . ”
However , according to the DHS , anyone who expresses concern about Zoellick ’s public announcement that U.S. sovereignty is to be sacrificed in return for a global government is a “ rightwing extremist ” and a potential terrorist killer .
The document concludes by talking about the Internet in the context of being a tool for rightwing terrorists to network , build bombs , and send encrypted messages to each other .
The small print at the bottom of the paper encourages any recipients of the document to “ report information concerning suspicious or criminal activity ( presumably people expressing concern about the economy , anti-second amendment legislation or the open announcement of a new world order ) to DHS and the FBI .
As we have exhaustively documented with the MIAC report and a whole host of others , the federal government apparently has very little concern for any perceived terrorist threat to America coming from the MIddle East or Al - Qaeda cells within the country , and indeed if any such threat existed we are only in more danger , because the feds have been busy training law enforcement that law - abiding American citizens who exercise their legal right to purchase firearms or who exercise their first amendment right to discuss politics , are potential terrorists who want to instigate a violent revolution .
This article was posted : Monday , April 13 , 2009 at 10:17 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
It 's fair to say that his ascension to the top seat did n't have an immediate impact , but as his first year went on , things started looking up for Microsoft .
Firstly , outside of its control , the suggested Google and Yahoo union was abandoned in November of 2008 , when Google got word that US regulators would investigate it were it to go ahead .
With its products struggling to hold market share although , granted , they still had a lot of market share it threatened to be a defining moment for Microsoft , and suggestions were rife that Ballmer had inherited something of a poisoned chalice .
Yet when Gates decided to finally leave his formal position at Microsoft twelve months ago , it was Ballmer who assumed control of the company .
But just what kind of year has he had ?
When , in a now - infamous YouTube clip , Microsoft 's Steve Ballmer ran onto a stage and started chanting " Developers , developers , developers " , sweat pouring off his head , he did n't give the impression as the natural successor to William Gates III .
The threat to Microsoft had this gone ahead was not small .
The firm and Ballmer was reportedly the driving force behind this had spent the first half of 2008 pursuing Yahoo , with an offer that was originally just shy of $ 50 billion .
With the kindness of hindsight , Microsoft must feel it had a narrow escape .
When Yahoo was eventually successful in resisting Microsoft 's overtures at the ultimate expense of its share price and chief exec Jerry Yang 's job it was placed second in the internet search market , although a country mile behind first place .
A deal with Google would have left Microsoft even further behind the competition , yet when said deal fell through , Yahoo was exposed .
And Microsoft , this time , was primed to take advantage .
Bing and Windows
At the end of May 2009 , it launched its new search engine Bing , developed at a fraction of the cost of the Yahoo deal .
And within one week , it had snatched second place from its long - time rival .
Initially , this was put down to the novelty factor , but continuing numbers have suggested that Bing may be bedding in .
According to Comscore numbers , Bing had snatched 12 per cent of the search market by the second week of June .
That said , Google was expanding market share too , yet at the very least , Bing has been damaging Yahoo , and finally giving Microsoft a platform to at least attack Google with .
Even Ballmer , however , has had to concede that it would take years to get near Google 's position .
But it 's still looking stronger than a year ago .
And Ballmer has other successes to celebrate .
For , with its Windows 7 product , Microsoft seems to have re-seized the initiative in the area of its business on which is most depends .
At the core of the warm response that Windows 7 has been getting is the openness at the heart of the product .
Keen to placate the naysayers who were underwhelmed by Windows Vista , Microsoft took the risk of allowing anyone up to a certain number to download and try a beta version of Windows 7 for free .
When that number limit was hit , the firm quickly reacted , and lifted such restrictions .
Supported Hardware
PartedMagic requires at least a 64 - bit processor with 1GB of RAM .
512MB in Live mode .
Compatible with Secure Boot Windows machines .
Runs well on Intel Macs .
Supported Storage Devices
Hard disk drives ( SATA , IDE , and SCSI ) .
Flash memory .
USB drives .
SSD ( Solid State Drives ) .
Devices with sector sizes of 512 , 1024 , 2048 , 4096 , etc .
Networking
Use the powerful Network Manager to easily set up wired and wireless connections .
Includes the Firefox web browser to surf the web .
Additional Partition Features
msdos or gpt partition tables supported .
MIB partition alignment or traditional cylinder boundaries .
Disable and enable partition flags such as hidden , boot , raid , etc .
INTEL JUST TRANSITIONED their product naming schemes from annoying to downright stupid .
The new branding schemes make no sense and will only add confusion to a line that is already almost impenetrable .
“ How could they do this ” you might ask ?
That part is easy , it likely involved lots of alcohol , a dartboard , blindfolds and a random number generator attached to a printer .
No , that set of events would lead to a hint of rationality , the new Intel branding scheme lacks even that .
Core i# logos – so far so good
What am I going on about ?
The new names for the ‘ Core ’ brand , i3 and i5 , along with a re-purposing of the current i7 name .
If you were a sane person , you might think that the older Core Number Numeral ( CNN ) way of doing things was infuriatingly opaque , and you would be right .
The new way of doing things , with Core as the brand and i7 as the top model line of core was a good step back from the older sillyness .
You would be right again if you though the new numbering scheme that followed was pretty decryptable as well .
It signified the speed of a three channel Nehalem on a socket 1366 board .
Now all Intel needs to do is add the i5 for the Lynnfield 1156 two channel parts , and i3 for the two cores with integrated graphics .
The trailing three digit number would indicate speeds and capabilities within the line .
This makes a whole lot of sense , it is clean , clear , decryptable with a little knowledge , and extensible .
Doing this would almost make up for the whole CNN fiasco inflicted upon us for the last few years .
A clean i7 > i5 > i3 branding would be welcome .
The rub ?
They did n’t do this , instead they went out of their way for no particular reason to screw up the ecosystem , confuse buyers , and make our lives pain .
How ?
Well , i7 is still the top performance brand , but it does not specify any particular chip .
It could be a Bloomfield chip , or it could be a Lynnfield on a completely different socket .
“ WFT ?!? ” hardly seems to convey enough confusion .
Same with the i5 and i3 , when you buy them , you get , well , who knows ?
If you think you are getting a hypothetical i5 850 , but misread an asterisk in the fine print , you might end up with a two core integrated graphics part that wo n’t work in your mobo instead of the Lynnfield you wanted .
OEMs and online merchants are going to love this one , I can see the returns skyrocketing , peeved customers , and in general , mass mayhem on a minor scale .
Why ?
Stupidity , there is no other reason to do this .
I ca n’t think of a single excuse at all , there simply is no valid justification .
With that , let me remind readers that AMD has had a clear and clean socket strategy for a long time .
They change sockets with memory types , and bend over backwards to make sure mobos are compatible and sockets have a long life .
This is a good thing .
What Intel is doing now is a bad thing .
A stupid bad thing .
A stupid bad thing without justification .
Am I being clear enough ?
Before you think that this is as bad as it gets , do n’t worry , it gets far worse .
The i# line is not the only ones they have , there are also Celerons and Pentiums .
The pecking order goes Celeron -> Pentium -> i3 -> i5 -> i7 , or at least it does for now .
Give it a month , if Intel marketing holds true to form , we will be seeing Celeron i5s and other bastardizations for no apparent reason .
Instead of two lines , there are now five .
For now .
Six if you include the Atom line .
This all is being done to ‘ simplify ’ the complex lineup .
I will readily concede that the older branding was silly and complex but the new line is silly , complex , infuriating , and problematic for buyers as well .
But wait it gets better .
The badge shape of Intel CPUs went from a vertical rectangle to a horizontal one .
Why ?
To put yet another rating scheme under it , stars .
As you can see , there are five stars indicating the features of the processor .
1 star is a basic vanilla CPU , 5 has all the features you want , and 12 more you did n’t know existed .
Yes , it gets needlessly dumber
In a hilarious move , the ^$# * $ #ing star system does n’t actually indicate WHAT features there are , just more or less .
More or less vs what is an open question , but it adds mindless and unneeded complexity , so toss it in .
All we need now is a color scheme to indicate something else , and …… Aaargh .
Read up on this heaping of ignominy here .
So , you will have to ask yourself if you want to buy a Core i3 583 4 * or a Core i5 442 2 * because , as you can tell , the Core i3 583 4 * has ….
has … damned if I know .
If someone like me who follows this stuff like a bored OCD patient can’t figure it out , what chance does an apathetic minimum wage sales - droid have ?
None , but buying Intel will be yet more annoying from now on .
Did I mention AMD does n’t have this problem ?
I am stunned that Intel would be this stupid .
Really .
The entire chain of marketeers that thought up , focus - grouped , approved , and put out this abomination out needs to go , now .
The only thing they can say to make this understandable is that it was implemented to sadistically inflict so much pain on the buyer that they go out and buy AMD chips , thereby getting the Japanese , Korean and EU regulators off their backs .
If you want to read the official wording , you can shake your head in disgust to the announcemement here , and the explanation here .
Knowing the people involved only makes this fiasco all the more puzzling .
Up until I read about the changes , I thought they were quite sane .
I was wrong .
Take for example the following quotes from the blog , “ Over the last year or so , Intel has been quietly working behind the scenes taking a hard look at our brand structure and exploring ways to make it more rational and easier to understand . ”
Blink .
Blink blink blink .
“ The fact of the matter is , we have a complex structure with too many platform brands , product names , and product brands , and we ’ve made things confusing for consumers and IT buyers in the process . ”
OK , this I get .
“ But overall this is a good thing , designed to make it easier and more rational over the long run ” .
I will probably not be the first to pose the question , “ Are you insane ? ”
Lest you think that I am being totally negative , there were two rational things to come out of the mind - numbing rebranding today , vPro and Centrino .
vPro goes from a separate brand to a modifier on the i5 and i7 lines intended for business .
That one makes complete sense .
Likewise , the Centrino brand goes from a platform to a brand for Intel wireless cards .
Centrino will now be a Wi -Fi or combo Wi -Fi / WiMax card .
This is likely aimed at dissuading the unwashed masses from coming in to a store and asking for the non-existent Centrino CPU .
If you take all the sensibility of the Centrino and vPro changes and add them up to the bottomless pit of stupidity and annoyance that is the other stuff , you are so far into net negative good will that it is best to pack up and start over .
With that , I will ask Intel to do just that .
Scrap this stupidity before it is too late .
There is no up side to this , only annoyance , consumer frustration , high return rates , and sales driven away .
It is not too late to change .
* HINT *.
S|A
Ed note :
We wonder when they ’ll be coming out with a GTS250 ?
Netzneutralität ist die Idee , dass Internet Service Provider wie Comcast und Verizon alle Inhalte , die durch ihre Kabel und Mobilfunkmasten fließen , gleich behandeln sollten .
Das bedeutet , dass sie nicht in der Lage sein sollten , einige Daten in „ Fast Lanes “ zu verschieben , während sie andere Materialien blockieren oder anderweitig diskriminieren .
Mit anderen Worten , diese Unternehmen sollten nicht in der Lage sein , Sie daran zu hindern , auf einen Dienst wie Skype zuzugreifen , oder Netflix oder Hulu zu verlangsamen , um Sie zu ermutigen , Ihr Kabelpaket zu behalten oder einen anderen Videostreaming - Dienst zu kaufen .
Die Federal Communications Commission verbrachte Jahre , sowohl unter der Bush - Regierung als auch unter der Obama - Regierung , mit dem Versuch , den Schutz der Netzneutralität durchzusetzen .
Nach einer Reihe von juristischen Niederlagen gegen Breitbandanbieter hat die FCC im Jahr 2015 eine umfassende Netzneutralität beschlossen .
Aber im Dezember 2017 stimmte die jetzt republikanisch kontrollierte FCC dafür , diesen Auftrag zu über Bord zu werfen und befreite Breitbandanbieter , um Inhalte zu blockieren oder zu drosseln , wie sie es für richtig halten .
Die Befürworter der Netzneutralität argumentieren seit langem , dass es für Innovationen entscheidend ist , das Internet als offenes Spielfeld zu erhalten .
Wenn Breitbandanbieter ihre Favoriten online auswählen , haben neue Unternehmen und Technologien vielleicht nie die Chance , zu wachsen .
Wenn beispielsweise Internet - Provider Mitte der 2000er Jahre das Video - Streaming blockiert oder stark eingeschränkt hätten , hätten wir heute vielleicht weder Netflix noch YouTube .
Andere Befürworter betonen die Bedeutung der Netzneutralität für die freie Meinungsäußerung : Eine Handvoll großer Telekommunikationsunternehmen dominieren den Breitbandmarkt , der ihnen eine enorme Macht in die Hand gibt , um bestimmte Ansichten zu unterdrücken oder die Online - Sprache auf diejenigen zu beschränken , die am meisten bezahlen können .
Die meisten großen Breitbandanbieter versprachen , Inhalte vor dem Urteil nicht zu blockieren oder zu drosseln , und die FCC argumentiert , dass traditionelle Kartellgesetze die Anbieter davon abhalten werden , ihre Wettbewerber zu behindern .
Aber die Netzneutralität befürchtet , dass wir schon bald schnelle Spuren im Internet sehen werden .
Ein Breitbandanbieter könnte es beispielsweise einigen Unternehmen gestatten , für eine bevorzugte Behandlung in Breitbandnetzen zu zahlen .
Die Befürchtung ist , dass im Laufe der Zeit Unternehmen und Organisationen , die sich entweder keine bevorzugte Behandlung leisten können oder einfach keinen Zugang dazu erhalten , auf der Strecke bleiben .
Die Geschichte der Netzneutralität
Der Juraprofessor der Columbia University , Tim Wu , prägte den Begriff „ Netzwerkneutralität “ in einer Arbeit über Online - Diskriminierung aus dem Jahr 2003 .
Zu der Zeit als , einige Breitband Versorger , einschließlich Comcast , Hausinternetbenutzer vom Zugreifen auf virtuelle private Netze ( VPNs ) verboten , während andere , wie AT&T , Benutzer vom Verwenden der Wi-Fi Fräser verboten .
Wu befürchtete , dass die Tendenz der Breitbandanbieter , neue Technologien einzuschränken , die Innovation langfristig beeinträchtigen würde , und forderte Antidiskriminierungsregeln .
Die FCC aus der Bush - Ära hat 2005 in einer Grundsatzerklärung einen ersten Schritt in Richtung Antidiskriminierungsvorschriften für das Internet unternommen .
Sie untersagte es Internet Service Providern , legale Inhalte zu blockieren oder Kunden daran zu hindern , die Geräte ihrer Wahl an ihre Internetverbindungen anzuschließen .
Im Rahmen dieser Politik ordnete die FCC Comcast im Jahr 2008 an , die Verlangsamung der Verbindungen zu stoppen , die die Peer - to - Peer File - Sharing - Software BitTorrent benutzten , die häufig für digitale Piraterie verwendet wurde , aber auch legitime Anwendungen hatte .
Comcast verklagte die FCC und argumentierte , dass die Agentur ihre Grenzen überschritten habe .
Ein Bundesgericht stimmte zu und entschied , dass die FCC es versäumt hatte , den Rechtsstreit zu führen , dass sie die Befugnis hatte , die Grundsatzerklärung von 2005 durchzusetzen .
Im Jahr 2010 verabschiedete die FCC aus der Obama - Ära eine detailliertere Netto- Neutralitätsverordnung , von der sie hoffte , dass sie der rechtlichen Prüfung standhalten würde .
Aber die Agentur wurde erneut verklagt , diesmal von Verizon , und 2014 entschied das gleiche Gericht , dass die Agentur nicht die Befugnis hatte , Netzneutralität auf Dienstleistungen aufzuerlegen , die nicht als “ Common Carrier “ unter Titel II des Communications
Act betrachtet wurden , wie traditionelle Telefondienste .
Später in diesem
Jahr legte die FCC einen neuen Vorschlag vor , wonach die Befürworter der Netzneutralität besorgt sind , das Internet „ Fast Lanes “ erlauben würden .
Die Idee zog den Zorn des Komikers John Oliver auf sich , der die Zuschauer seiner Sendung Last Week Tonight ermutigte , Kommentare abzugeben , um ihre Unterstützung für die Netzneutralität zum Ausdruck zu bringen .
Die Flut von Kommentaren stürzte die Website der FCC ab .
Die Agentur erhielt schließlich 21,9 Millionen Kommentare zu diesem
Thema und zerbrach damit den Rekord von Janet Jacksons 2004 Super Bowl „ Garderobenstörung “ .
Dann änderte der FCC - Vorsitzende
Wheeler schließlich seinen Kurs und entschied sich , Breitbandanbieter als Title - II - Carrier umzuklassifizieren , allerdings mit weniger Verpflichtungen als Festnetz - Telefonbetreiber .
Die FCC hat im Jahr 2015 ihre weitreichende Netzneutralität beschlossen und wurde erneut von Telekommunikationsunternehmen verklagt .
Derselbe Bundesgerichtshof , der die früheren Versuche der FCC , die Regeln der Netzneutralität durchzusetzen , abschoss , stellte sich schließlich auf die Seite der Agentur und entschied , dass die Regeln von 2015 legal seien .
Eine Industriegruppe legte gegen diese Entscheidung Berufung beim Obersten Gerichtshof ein , der den Fall noch nicht behandelt hat .
Unterdessen änderte sich die Kontrolle über die FCC infolge der Wahlen 2016 .
Im Januar 2017 ernannte Präsident Trump den republikanischen FCC - Kommissar Ajit Pai zum neuen Vorsitzenden der Agentur .
Im April kündigte er einen Plan zur Umkehrung der Netto - Neutralitätsordnung 2015 an.
Die FCC - Website wurde erneut mit Kommentaren überschwemmt .
Doch diesmal stellten Beobachter fest , dass eine Vielzahl von Kommentaren , von denen viele gegen die Netzneutralität waren , nicht von Menschen , sondern von Bots eingereicht wurden .
Das FCC - Votum vom Dezember 2017 warf die Regeln von 2015 in ihrer Gesamtheit aus dem Weg .
Die neuen Regeln der FCC lassen den Common - Carrier - Status für Breitband - Provider fallen , ebenso wie alle Beschränkungen für das Blockieren oder Drosseln von Inhalten .
Anstelle dieser Beschränkungen sehen die neuen Vorschriften lediglich vor , dass Internetdienstanbieter Informationen über ihre Netzmanagementpraktiken offen legen müssen .
Nun ist es Aufgabe der Federal Trade Commission , die Verbraucher vor vermeintlichen Netzneutralitätverletzungen zu schützen .
Aber die FTC ist nur eine Durchsetzungsbehörde :
Sie kann keine neuen Regeln schaffen .
Das bedeutet , dass es nicht viel gibt , was die Agentur dagegen tun kann , es sei denn , eine Verletzung der Netzneutralität ist auch nach den bestehenden Gesetzen des fairen Wettbewerbs illegal .
Die völlige Blockade eines Konkurrenten kann durchaus ein Kartellverstoß sein , aber die Schaffung von Schnellstraßen für Unternehmen , die für eine Sonderbehandlung extra bezahlen , ist es vielleicht nicht .
Die Zukunft der Netzneutralität
Die Zukunft der Netzneutralität liegt nun in den Händen des Kongresses und der Gerichte .
21 Generalstaatsanwälte , angeführt vom New Yorker Eric Schneiderman , verklagten die FCC im Januar , um die neuen Regeln zu blockieren und die alten wiederherzustellen .
Eine Industriegruppe , die Facebook , Google , Netflix und andere Internetfirmen vertritt , hat sich ebenfalls verpflichtet , sich an juristischen Kämpfen zur Wahrung der Netzneutralität zu beteiligen .
Rechtsexperten sagen , dass Netzneutralitätbefürworter gerade einen Fall haben konnten .
Bundesgesetz verbietet Bundesämtern , „ willkürliche oder kapriziöse “ Vorschriften zu erlassen , zum Teil , um Regeln vom Jo-Joing hin und her zu stoppen , jedes Mal , wenn die Kontrolle des Weißen Hauses Parteien wechselt .
Die Agenturen dürfen jedoch ihre Meinung ändern , und es bleibt abzuwarten , wie die Gerichte entscheiden werden .
Unterdessen erwägt der Kongress mindestens zwei Vorschläge , die sich auf die Netzneutralität beziehen .
Ein Vorschlag , der größtenteils von Demokraten unterstützt wird , würde die Entscheidung der FCC für 2017 aufheben und damit die Regeln von 2015 beibehalten .
Die andere , von der Repräsentantin Marsha Blackburn ( R - Tennessee ) vorgeschlagen , würde Breitbandanbietern das Blockieren von rechtmäßigen Inhalten verbieten , aber nicht explizit Fast Lanes verbieten , was bedeutet , dass sie hinter der Forderung nach echter Netzneutralität zurückbleibt .
Es würde auch die Befugnis der Staaten und der FCC , Internet - Provider künftig zu regulieren , stark einschränken , was die Durchsetzung strengerer Netzneutralitätsvorschriften erschweren würde .
In der Zwischenzeit können Sie davon ausgehen , dass Breitbandanbieter ihre neue Freiheit langsam nutzen werden .
Sie werden wahrscheinlich keine großen offenen Schritte unternehmen , um konkurrierende Dienste zu verlangsamen oder zu blockieren , besonders nicht , während die Gerichte immer noch über die jüngste Entscheidung der FCC beraten .
Aber Sie können erwarten , mehr von den Praktiken zu sehen , die Carrier bereits anwenden , wie z.B. das Umgehen von Datenbeschränkungen durch eigene Inhalte .
Z.B. AT&T lässt
Sie bereits seinen DirecTV jetzt videodienst aufpassen , ohne ihn gegen Ihren Datenplan zählen zu lassen , aber , Netflix oder Hulu aufpassend , kaut noch durch Ihre Begrenzung .
Select your state to browse gun classifieds
The states in bold are highly active .
If your state is not highly active , you can help get things rolling by posting a gun classifieds ad or checking out the Help Promote page .
Free Local Gun Classifieds at gunlistings.org
FFL Dealer listings are encouraged !
gunlistings.org offers free , local used and new gun classifieds ads .
List your gun classifieds now ; registration is not necessary .
Man is " the time - binding animal . "
But in the future , that simple
statement may take on meanings
that Korzybski never imagined .
. . .
" So how do you like the new job ? "
Dixie
Mae looked up from her keyboard and spotted a pimply face peering at her from over the cubicle partition .
" It beats flipping burgers , Victor , " she said .
Victor bounced up so his whole face was visible .
" Yeah ?
It ’s going to get old awfully fast . "
Actually , Dixie Mae felt the same way .
But doing customer support at Lotsa - Tech was a real job , a foot in the door at the biggest high - tech company in the world .
" Gimme a break , Victor !
This is our first day . "
Well , it was the first day not counting the six days of product familiarization classes .
" If you ca n’t take this , you ’ve got the attention span of a cricket . "
" That ’s a mark of intelligence , Dixie Mae .
I ’m smart enough to know what ’s not worth the attention of a first - rate creative mind . "
Grr .
" Then your first - rate creative mind is going to be out of its gourd by the end of the summer . "
Victor smirked .
" Good point . "
He thought a second , then continued more quietly , " But see , um , I ’m doing this to get material for my column in the Bruin .
You know , big headlines like ‘ The New Sweatshops ’ or ‘ Death by Boredom ’ .
I have n’t decided whether to play it for laughs or go for heavy social consciousness .
In any case , " –he lowered his voice another notch– " I ’m bailing out of here , um , by the end of next week , thus suffering only minimal brain damage from the whole sordid experience . "
" And you ’re not seriously helping the customers at all , huh , Victor ?
Just giving them hilarious misdirections ? "
Victor ’s eyebrows shot up .
" I ’ll have you know I ’m being articulate and seriously helpful . . . at least for another day or two . "
The weasel grin crawled back onto his face .
" I wo n’t start being Bastard Consultant from Hell till right before I quit . "
That figures .
Dixie Mae turned back to her keyboard .
" Okay , Victor .
Meantime , how about letting me do the job I ’m being paid for ? "
Silence .
Angry , insulted silence ?
No , this was more a leering , undressing - you - with - my - eyes silence .
But Dixie
Mae did not look up .
She could tolerate such silence as long as the leerer was out of arm ’s reach .
After a moment , there was the sound of Victor dropping back into his chair in the next cubicle .
Ol ’ Victor had been a pain in the neck from the get - go .
He was slick with words ; if he wanted to , he could explain things as good as anybody Dixie Mae had ever met .
At the same time , he kept rubbing it in how educated he was and what a dead - end this customer support gig was .
Mr. Johnson – the guy running the familiarization course –was a great teacher , but smart - ass Victor had tested the man ’s patience all week long .
Yeah , Victor really did n’t belong here , but not for the reasons he bragged about .
It took Dixie Mae almost an hour to finish off seven more queries .
One took some research , being a really bizarre question about Voxalot for Norwegian .
Okay , this job would get old after a few days , but there was a virtuous feeling in helping people .
And from Mr. Johnson ’s lectures , she knew that as long as she got the reply turned in by closing time this evening , she could spend the whole afternoon researching just how to make LotsaTech ’s vox program recognize Norwegian vowels .
Dixie Mae had never done customer support before this ; till she took Prof .
Reich ’s tests last week , her highest - paying job really had been flipping burgers .
But like the world and your Aunt Sally , she had often been the victim of customer support .
Dixie
Mae would buy a new book or a cute dress , and it would break or would n’t fit–and then when she wrote customer support , they would n’t reply , or had useless canned answers , or just tried to sell her something more–all the time talking about how their greatest goal was serving the customer .
But now LotsaTech was turning all that around .
Their top bosses had realized how important real humans were to helping real human customers .
They were hiring hundreds and hundreds of people like Dixie Mae .
They were n’t paying very much , and this first week had been kinda tough since they were all cooped up here during the crash intro classes .
But Dixie
Mae did n’t mind .
" Lotsa - Tech is a lot of Tech . "
Before , she ’d always thought that motto was stupid .
But LotsaTech was big ; it made IBM and Microsoft look like minnows .
She ’d been a little nervous about that , imagining that she ’d end up in a room bigger than a football field with tiny office cubicles stretching away to the horizon .
Well , Building 0994 did have tiny cubicles , but her team was just fifteen nice people –leaving Victor aside for the moment .
Their work floor had windows all the way around , a panoramic view of the Santa Monica mountains and the Los Angeles basin .
And li’l ol ’ Dixie Mae Leigh had her a desk right beside one of those wide windows !
I ’ll bet there are CEO ’s who do n’t have a view as good as mine .
Here ’s where you could see a little of what the Lotsa in LotsaTech meant .
Just outside of B0994 there were tennis courts and a swimming pool .
Dozens of similar buildings were scattered across the hillside .
A golf course covered the next hill over , and more company land lay beyond that .
These guys had the money to buy the top off Runyon Canyon and plunk themselves down on it .
And this was just the LA branch office .
Dixie Mae had grown up in Tarzana .
On a clear day in the valley , you could see the Santa Monica mountains stretching off forever into the haze .
They seemed beyond her reach , like something from a fairy tale .
And now she was up here .
Next week , she ’d bring her binoculars to work , go over on the north slope , and maybe spot where her father still lived down there .
Meanwhile , back to work .
The next six queries were easy , from people who had n’t even bothered to read the single page of directions that came with Voxalot .
Letters like those would be hard to answer politely the thousandth time she saw them .
But she would try–and today she practiced with cheerful specifics that stated the obvious and gently pointed the customers to where they could find more .
Then came a couple of brain twisters .
Damn .
She would n’t be able to finish those today .
Mr. Johnson said " finish anything you start on the same day " – but maybe he would let her work on those first thing Monday morning .
She really wanted to do well on the hard ones .
Every day , there would be the same old dumb questions .
But there would also be hard new questions .
And eventually she ’d get really , really good with Voxalot .
More important , she ’d get good about managing questions and organization .
So what that she ’d screwed the last seven years of her life and never made it through college ?
Little by little she would improve herself , till a few years from now her past stupidities would n’t matter anymore .
Some people had told her that such things were n’t possible nowadays , that you really needed the college degree .
But people had always been able to make it with hard work .
Back in the twentieth century , lots of steno pool people managed it .
Dixie
Mae figured customer support was pretty much the same kind of starting point .
Nearby , somebody gave out a low whistle .
Victor .
Dixie Mae ignored him .
" Dixie Mae , you gotta see this . "
Ignore him .
" I swear Dixie , this is a first .
How did you do it ?
I got an incoming query for you , by name !
Well , almost . "
" What !?
Forward it over here , Victor . "
" No .
Come around and take a look .
I have it right in front of me . "
Dixie Mae was too short to look over the partition .
Jeez .
Three steps took her into the corridor .
Ulysse Green poked her head out of her cubicle , an inquisitive look on her face .
Dixie Mae shrugged and rolled her eyes , and Ulysse returned to her work .
The sound of fingers on keys was like occasional raindrops ( no Voxalots allowed in cubicle - land ) .
Mr. Johnson had been around earlier , answering questions and generally making sure things were going okay .
Right now he should be back in his office on the other side of the building ; this first day , you hardly needed to worry about slackers .
Dixie
Mae felt a little guilty about making that a lie , but . . .
She popped into Victor ’s cubicle , grabbed a loose chair .
" This better be good , Victor . "
" Judge for yourself , Dixie Mae . "
He looked at his display .
" Oops , I lost the window .
Just a second . "
He dinked around with his mouse .
" So , have you been putting your name on outgoing messages ?
That ’s the only way I can imagine this happening – "
" No . I have not .
I ’ve answered twenty - two questions so far , and I ’ve been AnnetteG all the way . "
The fake signature was built into her " send " key .
Mr. Johnson said this was to protect employee privacy and give users a feeling of continuity even though follow - up questions would rarely come to the original responder .
He did n’t have to say that it was also to make sure that LotsaTech support people would be interchangeable , whether they were working out of the service center in Lahore or Londonderry–or Los Angeles .
So far , that had been one of Dixie Mae ’s few disappointments about this job ; she could never have an ongoing helpful relationship with a customer .
So what the devil was this all about ?
" Ah !
Here it is . "
Victor waved at the screen .
" What do you make of it ? "
The message had come in on the help address .
It was in the standard layout enforced by the query acceptance page .
But the " previous responder field " was not one of the house sigs .
Instead it was :
Ditzie May Lay
" Grow up , Victor . "
Victor raised his hands in mock defense , but he had seen her expression , and some of the smirk left his face .
" Hey , Dixie Mae , do n’t kill the messenger .
This is just what came in . "
" No way .
The server - side script would have rejected an invalid responder name .
You faked this . "
For a fleeting moment , Victor looked uncertain .
Hah ! thought Dixie Mae .
She had been paying attention during Mr. Johnson ’s lectures ; she knew more about what was going on here than Victor - the - great - mind .
And so his little joke had fallen flat on its rear end .
But Victor regrouped and gave a weak smile .
" It was n’t me .
How would I know about this , er , nickname of yours ? "
" Yes , " said Dixie Mae , " it takes real genius to come up with such a clever play on words . "
" Honest , Dixie Mae , it was n’t me .
Hell , I do n’t even know how to use our form editor to revise header fields . "
Now that claim had the ring of truth .
" What ’s happening ? "
They looked up , saw Ulysse standing at the entrance to the cubicle .
Victor gave her a shrug .
" It ’s Dit–Dixie Mae . Someone here at LotsaTech is jerking her around . "
Ulysse came closer and bent to read from the display .
" Yech .
So what ’s the message ? "
Dixie Mae reached across the desk and scrolled down the display .
The return address was lusting925@freemail.sg .
The topic choice was " Voice Formatting . "
They got lots on that topic ; Voxalot format control was n’t quite as intuitive as the ads would like you to believe .
But this was by golly not a follow - up on anything Dixie Mae had answered :
. . .
Hey there , Honey Chile !
I ’ll be truly grateful if you would tell me how to put the following into italics :
" Remember the Tarzanarama tree house ?
The one you set on fire ?
If you ’d like to start a much bigger fire , then figure out how I know all this .
A big clue is that 999 is 666 spelled upside down . "
I ’ve tried everything and I ca n’t set the above proposition into indented italics–leastwise without fingering .
Please help .
Aching for some of your Southron Hospitality , I remain your very bestest fiend ,
– Lusting ( for you deeply )
Ulysse ’s voice was dry : " So , Victor , you ’ve figured how to edit incoming forms . "
" God damn it , I ’m innocent ! "
" Sure you are . "
Ulysse ’s white teeth flashed in her black face .
The three little words held a world of disdain .
Dixie Mae held up her hand , waving them both to silence .
" I . . . do n’t know .
There ’s something real strange about this mail . "
She stared at the message body for several seconds .
A big ugly chill was growing in her middle .
Mom and Dad had built her that tree house when she was seven years old .
Dixie Mae had loved it .
For two years she was Tarzana of Tarzana .
But the name of the tree house–Tarzanarama–had been a secret .
Dixie Mae had been nine years old when she torched that marvelous tree house .
It had been a terrible accident .
Well , a world - class temper tantrum , actually .
But she had never meant the fire to get so far out of control .
The fire had darn near burned down their real house , too .
She had been a scarifyingly well - behaved little girl for almost two years after that incident .
Ulysse was giving the mail a careful read .
She patted Dixie Mae on the shoulder .
" Whoever this is , he certainly does n’t sound friendly . "
Dixie Mae nodded .
" This weasel is pushing every button I ’ve got . "
Including her curiosity .
Dad was the only living person that knew who had started the fire , but it was going on four years since he ’d had any address for his daughter–and Daddy would never have taken this sex - creep , disrespecting tone .
Victor glanced back and forth between them , maybe feeling hurt that he was no longer the object of suspicion .
" So who do you think it is ? "
Don Williams craned his head over the next partition .
" Who is what ? "
Given another few minutes , and they ’d have everyone on the floor with some bodily part stuck into Victor ’s cubicle .
Ulysse said , " Unless you ’re deaf , you know most of it , Don. Someone is messing with us . "
" Well then , report it to Johnson .
This is our first day , people .
It ’s not a good day to get sidetracked . "
That brought Ulysse down to earth .
Like Dixie Mae , she regarded this LotsaTech job as her last real chance to break into a profession .
" Look , " said Don .
" It ’s already lunch time . " – Dixie Mae glanced at her watch .
It really was !
–" We can talk about this in the cafeteria , then come back and give Great Lotsa a solid afternoon of work .
And then we ’ll be done with our first week ! "
Williams had been planning a party down at his folks ’ place for tonight .
It would be their first time off the LotsaTech campus since they took the job .
" Yeah ! " said Ulysse .
" Dixie Mae , you ’ll have the whole weekend to figure out who ’s doing this –and plot your revenge . "
Dixie Mae looked again at the impossible " previous responder field . "
" I . . . do n’t know .
This looks like it ’s something happening right here on the LotsaTech campus . "
She stared out Victor ’s picture window .
It was the same view as from her cubicle , of course–but now she was seeing everything with a different mind set .
Somewhere in the beautiful country - club buildings , there was a real sleaze ball .
And he was playing guessing games with her .
Everybody was quiet for a second .
Maybe that helped –Dixie
Mae realized just what she was looking at : the next lodge down the hill .
From here you could only see the top of its second story .
Like all the buildings on the campus , it had a four - digit identification number made of gold on every corner .
That one was Building 0999 .
A big clue is that 999 is just 666 spelled upside down .
" Jeez , Ulysse . Look : 999 . " Dixie Mae pointed down the hillside .
" It could be a coincidence . "
" No , it ’s too pat . "
She glanced at Victor .
This really was the sort of thing someone like him would set up .
But whoever wrote that letter just knew too much .
" Look , I ’m going to skip lunch today and take a little walk around the campus . "
" That ’s crazy , " said Don . " LotsaTech is an open place , but we ’re not supposed to be wandering into other project buildings . "
" Then they can turn me back . "
" Yeah , what a great way to start out with the new job , " said Don .
" I do n’t think you three realize what a good deal we have here .
I know that none of you have worked a customer support job before . "
He looked around challengingly .
" Well I have .
This is heaven .
We ’ve got our own friggin ’ offices , onsite tennis courts and health club .
We ’re being treated like million - dollar system designers .
We ’re being given all the time we need to give top - notch advice to the customers .
What LotsaTech is trying to do here is revolutionary !
And you dips are just going to piss it away . "
Another all - around glare .
" Well , do what you want , but I ’m going to lunch . "
There was a moment of embarrassed silence .
Ulysse stepped out of the cubicle and watched Don and others trickle away toward the stairs .
Then she was back .
" I ’ll come with you , Dixie Mae , but . . . have you thought Don may be right ?
Maybe you could just postpone this till next week ? "
Unhappiness was written all over her face .
Ulysse was a lot like Dixie Mae , just more sensible .
Dixie Mae shook her head .
She figured it would be at least fifteen minutes before her common sense could put on the brakes .
" I ’ll come , Dixie Mae , " said Victor .
" Yeah . . . .
This could be an interesting story . "
Dixie Mae smiled at Ulysse and reached out her hand .
" It ’s okay , Ulysse .
You should go to lunch . "
The other looked uncertain .
" Really .
If Mr. Johnson asks about me missing lunch , it would help if you were there to set him right about what a steady person I am . "
" Okay , Dixie Mae . I ’ll do that . "
She was n’t fooled , but this way it really was okay .
Once she was gone , Dixie Mae turned back to Victor .
" And you .
I want a printed copy of that freakin’ email . "
They went out a side door .
There was a soft - drink and candy machine on the porch .
Victor loaded up on " expeditionary supplies " and the two started down the hill .
" Hot day , " said Victor , mumbling around a mouth full of chocolate bar .
" Yeah . "
The early part of the week had been all June Gloom .
But the usual overcast had broken , and today was hot and sunny–and Dixie Mae suddenly realized how pleasantly air - conditioned life had been in the LotsaTech " sweatshop . "
Common sense had n’t yet reached the brakes , but it was getting closer .
Victor washed the chocolate down with a Dr. Fizzz and flipped the can behind the oleanders that hung close along the path .
" So who do you think is behind that letter ?
Really ? "
" I do n’t know , Victor !
Why do you think I ’m risking my job to find out ? "
Victor laughed .
" Do n’t worry about losing the job , Dixie Mae .
Heh .
There ’s no way it could have lasted even through the summer . "
He gave his usual superior - knowledge grin .
" You ’re an idiot , Victor .
Doing customer support right will be a billion dollar winner . "
" Oh , maybe . . . if you ’re on the right side of it . "
He paused as if wondering what to tell her .
" But for you , look : support costs money .
Long ago , the Public Spoke about how much they were willing to pay . "
He paused , like he was trying to put together a story that she could understand .
" Yeah . . . and even if you ’re right , your vision of the project is doomed .
You know why ? "
Dixie Mae did n’t reply .
His reason would be something about the crappy quality of the people who had been hired .
Sure enough , Victor continued : " I ’ll tell you why .
And this is the surprise kink that ’s going to make my articles for the Bruin really shine : Maybe LotsaTech has its corporate heart in the right place .
That would be surprising considering how they brutalized Microsoft .
But maybe they ’ve let this bizarre idealism go too far .
Heh .
For anything long - term , they ’ve picked the wrong employees . "
Dixie Mae kept her cool .
" We took all sorts of psych tests .
You do n’t think Professor Reich knows what he ’s doing ? "
" Oh , I bet he knows what he ’s doing .
But what if LotsaTech is n’t using his results ?
Look at us .
There are some–such as yours truly –who are way over - educated .
I ’m closing in on a master ’s degree in journalism ; it ’s clear I wo n’t be around for long .
Then there ’s people like Don and Ulysse .
They have the right level of education for customer support , but they ’re too smart .
Yes , Ulysse talks about doing this job so well that her talent is recognized , and she is a diligent sort .
But I ’ll bet that even she could n’t last a summer .
As for some of the others . . . well , may I be frank , Dixie Mae ? "
What saved him from a fist in the face was that Dixie Mae had never managed to be really angry about more than one thing at once .
" Please do be frank , Victor . "
" You talk the same game plan as Ulysse–but I ’ll bet your multiphasic shows you have the steadiness of mercury fulminate .
Without this interesting email from Mr. Lusting , you might be good for a week , but sooner or later you ’d run into something so infuriating that direct action was required –and you ’d be bang out on your rear . "
Dixie Mae pretended to mull this over .
" Well , yes , " she said .
" After all , you ’re still going to be here next week , right ? "
He laughed .
" I rest my case .
But seriously , Dixie Mae , this is what I mean about the personnel situation here .
We have a bunch of bright and motivated people , but their motivations are all over the map , and most of their enthusiasm ca n’t be sustained for any realistic span of time .
Heh .
So I guess the only rational explanation–and frankly , I do n’t think it would work–is that LotsaTech figures . . . "
He droned on with some theory about how LotsaTech was just looking for some quick publicity and a demonstration that high - quality customer support could win back customers in a big way .
Then after they flushed all these unreliable new hires , they could throttle back into something cheaper for the long term .
But Dixie Mae ’s attention was far away .
On her left was the familiar view of Los Angeles .
To her right , the ridgeline was just a few hundred yards away .
From the crest you could probably see down into the valley , even pick out streets in Tarzana .
Someday , it would be nice to go back there , maybe prove to Dad that she could keep her temper and make something of herself .
All my life , I ’ve been screwing up like today .
But that letter from " Lusting " was like finding a burglar in your bedroom .
The guy knew too much about her that he should n’t have known , and he had mocked her background and her family .
Dixie Mae had grown up in Southern California , but she ’d been born in Georgia–and she was proud of her roots .
Maybe Daddy never realized that , since she was running around rebelling most of the time .
He and Mom always said she ’d eventually settle down .
But then she fell in love with the wrong kind of person–and it was her folks who ’d gone ballistic .
Words Were Spoken .
And even though things had n’t worked out with her new love , there was no way she could go back .
By then Mom had died .
Now , I swear I ’m not going back to Daddy till I can show I ’ve made something of myself .
So why was she throwing away her best job in ages ?
She slowed to a stop , and just stood there in the middle of the walkway ; common sense had finally gotten to the brakes .
But they had walked almost all the way to 0999 .
Much of the building was hidden behind twisty junipers , but you could see down a short flight of stairs to the ground level entrance .
We should go back .
She pulled the " Lusting " email out of her pocket and glared at it for a second .
Later .
You can follow up on this later .
She read the mail again .
The letters blurred behind tears of rage , and she dithered in the hot summer sunlight .
Victor made an impatient noise .
" Let ’s go , kiddo . "
He pushed a chocolate bar into her hand .
" Get your blood sugar out of the basement . "
They went down the concrete steps to B0999 ’s entrance .
Just a quick look , Dixie Mae had decided .
Beneath the trees and the overhang , all was cool and shady .
They peered through the ground floor windows , into empty rooms .
Victor pushed open the door .
The layout looked about the same as in their own building , except that B0999 was n’t really finished :
There was the smell of Carpenter Nail in the air , and the lights and wireless nodes sat naked on the walls .
The place was occupied .
She could hear people talking up on the main floor , what was cubicle - city back in B0994 .
She took a quick hop up the stairs , peeked in –no cubicles here .
As a result , the place looked cavernous .
Six or eight tables had been pushed together in the middle of the room .
A dozen people looked up at their entrance .
" Aha ! " boomed one of them .
" More warm bodies .
Welcome , welcome ! "
They walked toward the tables .
Don and Ulysse had worried about violating corporate rules and project secrecy .
They need n’t have bothered .
These people looked almost like squatters .
Three of them had their legs propped up on the tables .
Junk food and soda cans littered the tables .
" Programmers ? " Dixie Mae muttered to Victor .
" Heh .
No , these look more like . . . graduate students . "
The loud one had red hair snatched back in a pony tail .
He gave Dixie Mae a broad grin .
" We ’ve got a couple of extra display flats .
Grab some seating . "
He jerked a thumb toward the wall and a stack of folding chairs .
" With you two , we may actually be able to finish today ! "
Dixie
Mae looked uncertainly at the display and keyboard that he had just lit up .
" But what – "
" Cognitive Science 301 .
The final exam .
A hundred dollars a question , but we have 107 bluebooks to grade , and Gerry asked mainly essay questions . "
Victor laughed .
" You ’re getting a hundred dollars for each bluebook ? "
" For each question in each bluebook , man .
But do n’t tell .
I think Gerry is funding this out of money that LotsaTech thinks he ’s spending on research . "
He waved at the nearly empty room , in this nearly completed building .
Dixie
Mae leaned down to look at the display , the white letters on a blue background .
It was a standard bluebook , just like at Valley Community College .
Only here the questions were complete nonsense , such as :
7. Compare and contrast cognitive dissonance in operant conditioning with Minsky - Loève attention maintenance .
Outline an algorithm for constructing the associated isomorphism .
" So , " said Dixie Mae , " what ’s cognitive science ? "
The grin disappeared from the other ’s face .
" Oh , Christ .
You ’re not here to help with the grading ? "
Dixie Mae shook her head .
Victor said , " It should n’t be too hard .
I ’ve had some grad courses in psych . "
The redhead did not look encouraged .
" Does anyone know this guy ? "
" I do , " said a girl at the far end of all the tables .
" That ’s Victor Smaley .
He ’s a journalism grad , and not very good at that . "
Victor looked across the tables .
" Hey , Mouse !
How ya doing ? "
The redhead looked beseechingly at the ceiling .
" I do not need these distractions ! "
His gaze came down to the visitors .
" Will you two just please go away ? "
" No way , " said Dixie Mae .
" I came here for a reason .
Someone–probably someone here in Building 0999 – is messing with our work in Customer Support .
I ’m going to find out who . "
And give them some free dental work .
" Look .
If we do n’t finish grading the exam today , Gerry Reich ’s going to make us come back tomorrow and – "
" I do n’t think that ’s true , Graham , " said a guy sitting across the table .
" Prof . Reich ’s whole point was that we should not feel time pressure .
This is an experiment , comparing time - bounded grading with complete individualization . "
" Yes ! " said Graham the redhead .
" That ’s exactly why Reich would lie about it .
‘ Take it easy , make good money , ’ he says .
But I ’ll bet that if we do n’t finish today , he ’ll screw us into losing the weekend . "
He glared at Dixie Mae .
She glared back .
Graham was going to find out just what stubborn and willful really meant .
There was a moment of silence and then –
" I ’ll talk to them , Graham . "
It was the woman at the far end of the tables .
" Argh .
Okay , but not here ! "
" Sure , we ’ll go out on the porch . "
She beckoned Dixie Mae and Victor to follow her out the side door .
" And hey , " called Graham as they walked out , " do n’t take all day , Ellen .
We need you here . "
The porch on 0999 had a bigger junk - food machine than back at Customer Support .
Dixie
Mae did n’t think that made up for no cafeteria , but Ellen Garcia did n’t seem to mind .
" We ’re only going to be here this one day .
I ’m not coming back on Saturday . "
Dixie
Mae bought herself a sandwich and soda and they all sat down on some beat - up lawn furniture .
" So what do you want to know ? " said Ellen .
" See , Mouse , we ’re following up on the weirdest – "
Ellen waved Victor silent , her expression pretty much the same as all Victor ’s female acquaintances .
She looked expectantly at Dixie Mae .
" Well , my name is Dixie Mae Leigh .
This morning we got this email at our customer support address .
It looks like a fake .
And there are things about it that – " she handed over the hard copy .
Ellen ’s gaze scanned down .
" Kind of fishy dates , " she said to herself .
Then she stopped , seeing the " To : " header .
She glanced up at Dixie Mae .
" Yeah , this is abuse .
I used to see this kind of thing when I was a Teaching Assistant .
Some guy would start hitting on a girl in my class . "
She eyed Victor speculatively .
" Why does everybody suspect me ? " he said .
" You should be proud , Victor .
You have such a reliable reputation . "
She shrugged .
" But actually , this is n’t quite your style . "
She read on .
" The rest is smirky lascivious , but otherwise it does n’t mean anything to me . "
" It means a lot to me , " said Dixie Mae .
" This guy is talking about things that nobody should know . "
" Oh ? " She went back to the beginning and stared at the printout some more .
" I do n’t know about secrets in the message body , but one of my hobbies is rfc9822 headers .
You ’re right that this is all scammed up .
The message number and ident strings are too long ; I think they may carry added content . "
She handed back the email .
" There ’s not much more I can tell you .
If you want to give me a copy , I could crunch on those header strings over the weekend . "
" Oh. . . .
Okay , thanks . "
It was more solid help than anyone had offered so far , but –" Look Ellen , the main thing I was hoping for was some clues here in Building 0999 .
The letter pointed me here .
I run into . . . abusers sometimes , myself .
I do n’t let them get away with it !
I ’d bet money that whoever this is , he ’s one of those graders . "
And he ’s probably laughing at us right now .
Ellen thought a second and then shook her head .
" I ’m sorry , Dixie Mae .
I know these people pretty well .
Some of them are a little strange , but they ’re not bent like this .
Besides , we did n’t know we ’d be here till yesterday afternoon .
And today we have n’t had time for mischief . "
" Okay , " Dixie Mae forced a smile .
" I appreciate your help . "
She would give Ellen a copy of the letter and go back to Customer Support , just slightly better off than if she had behaved sensibly in the first place .
Dixie Mae started to get up , but Victor leaned forward and set his notepad on the table between them .
" That email had to come from somewhere .
Has anyone here been acting strange , Mousy ? "
Ellen glared at him , and after a second he said , " I mean ‘ Ellen . ’
You know I ’m just trying to help out Dixie Mae here .
Oh yeah , and maybe get a good story for the Bruin . "
Ellen shrugged .
" Graham told you ; we ’re grading on the side for Gerry Reich . "
" Huh . " Victor leaned back .
" Ever since I ’ve been at UCLA , Reich has had a reputation for being an operator .
He ’s got big government contracts and all this consulting at LotsaTech .
He tries to come across as a one - man supergenius , but actually it ’s just money , um , buying lots and lots of peons .
So what do you think he ’s up to ? "
Ellen shrugged .
" Technically , I bet Gerry is misusing his contacts with LotsaTech .
But I doubt if they care ; they really like him . "
She brightened .
" And I approve of what Prof .
Reich is doing with this grading project .
When I was a TA , I wished there was some way that I could make a day - long project out of reading each student ’s exam .
That was an impossible wish ; there was just never enough time .
But with his contacts here at LotsaTech , Gerry Reich has come close to doing it .
He ’s paying some pretty sharp grad students very good money to grade and comment on every single essay question .
Time is no object , he ’s telling us .
The students in these classes are going to get really great feedback . "
" This guy Reich keeps popping up , " said Dixie Mae .
" He was behind the testing program that selected Victor and me and the others for customer support . "
" Well , Victor ’s right about him .
Reich is a manipulator .
I know he ’s been running tests all this week .
He grabbed all of Olson Hall for the operation .
We did n’t know what it was for until afterwards .
He nailed Graham and the rest of our gang for this one - day grading job .
It looks like he has all sorts of projects . "
" Yeah , we took our tests at Olson Hall , too . "
There had been a small up - front payment , and hints of job prospects .
. . .
And Dixie Mae had ended up with maybe the best job offer she ’d ever had .
" But we did that last week . "
" It ca n’t be the same place .
Olson Hall is a gym . "
" Yes , that ’s what it looked like to me . "
" It was used for the NCAA eliminations last week . "
Victor reached for his notepad .
" Whatever .
We gotta be going , Mouse . "
" Do n’t ‘ Mouse ’ me , Victor !
The NCAA elims were the week of 4 June .
I did Gerry ’s questionnaire yesterday , which was Thursday , 14 June . "
" I ’m sorry , Ellen , " said Dixie Mae .
" Yesterday was Thursday , but it was the 21st of June . "
Victor made a calming gesture .
" It ’s not a big deal . "
Ellen frowned , but suddenly she was n’t arguing .
She glanced at her watch .
" Let ’s see your notepad , Victor .
What date does it say ? "
" It says , June . . . huh .
It says June 15 . "
Dixie Mae looked at her own watch .
The digits were so precise , and a week wrong : Fri Jun 15 12:31:18 PDT 2012 .
" Ellen , I looked at my watch before we walked over here .
It said June 22nd . "
Ellen leaned on the table and took a close look at Victor ’s notepad .
" I ’ll bet it did .
But both your watch and the notepad get their time off the building utilities .
Here you ’re getting set by our local clock–and you ’re getting the truth . "
Now Dixie Mae was getting mad .
" Look , Ellen .
Whatever the time service says , I would not have made up a whole extra week of my life . "
All those product - familiarization classes .
" No , you would n’t . "
Ellen brought her heels back on the edge of her chair .
For a long moment , she did n’t say anything , just stared through the haze at the city below .
Finally she said : " You know , Victor , you should be pleased . "
" Why is that ? " suspiciously .
" You may have stumbled into a real , world - class news story .
Tell me .
During this extra week of life you ’ve enjoyed , how often have you used your phone ? "
Dixie Mae said , " Not at all .
Mr. Johnson–he ’s our instructor–said that we ’re deadzoned till we get through the first week . "
Ellen nodded .
" So I guess they did n’t expect the scam to last more than a week .
See , we are not deadzoned here .
LotsaTech has a pretty broad embargo on web access , but I made a couple of phone calls this morning . "
Victor gave her a sharp look .
" So where do you think the extra week came from ? "
Ellen hesitated .
" I think Gerry Reich has gone beyond where the UCLA human subjects committee would ever let him go .
You guys probably spent one night in drugged sleep , being pumped chock full of LotsaTech product trivia . "
" Oh !
You mean . . . Just - in - Time Training ? "
Victor tapped away at his notepad .
" I thought that was years away . "
" It is if you play by the FDA ’s rules .
But there are meds and treatments that can speed up learning .
Just read the journals and you ’ll see that in another year or two , they ’ll be a scandal as big as sports drugs ever were .
I think Gerry has just jumped the gun with something that is very , very effective .
You have no side - effects .
You have all sorts of new , specialized knowledge–even if it ’s about a throwaway topic .
And apparently you have detailed memories of life experience that never happened . "
Dixie
Mae thought back over the last week .
There had been no strangeness about her experience at Olson Hall : the exams , the job interview .
True , the johns were fantastically clean –like a hospital , now that she thought about it .
She had only visited them once , right after she accepted the job offer .
And then she had . . . done what ?
Taken a bus directly out to LotsaTech . . . without even going back to her apartment ?
After that , everything was clear again .
She could remember jokes in the Voxalot classes .
She could remember meals , and late night talks with Ulysse about what they might do with this great opportunity .
" It ’s brainwashing , " she finally said .
Ellen nodded .
" It looks like Gerry has gone way , way too far on this one . "
" And he ’s stupid , too .
Our team is going to a party tonight , downtown .
All of a sudden , there ’ll be sixteen people who ’ll know what ’s been done to them .
We ’ll be mad as– " Dixie Mae noticed Ellen ’s pitying look .
" Oh . "
So tonight instead of partying , their customer support team would be in a drugged stupor , unremembering the week that never was .
" We wo n’t remember a thing , will we ? "
Ellen nodded .
" My guess is you ’ll be well - paid , with memories of some one - day temp job here at LotsaTech . "
" Well , that ’s not going to happen , " said Victor .
" I ’ve got a story and I ’ve got a grudge .
I ’m not going back . "
" We have to warn the others . "
Victor shook his head .
" Too risky . "
Dixie Mae gave him a glare .
Ellen Garcia hugged her knees for a moment .
" If this were just you , Victor , I ’d be sure you were putting me on . "
She looked at Dixie Mae for a second .
" Let me see that email again . "
She spread it out on the table .
" LotsaTech has its share of defense and security contracts .
I ’d hate to think that they might try to shut us up if they knew we were onto them . "
She whistled an ominous tune .
" Paranoia rages .
. . .
Have you thought that this email might be someone trying to tip you off about what ’s going on ? "
Victor frowned .
" Who , Ellen ? "
When she did n’t answer , he said , " So what do you think we should do ? "
Ellen did n’t look up from the printout .
" Mainly , try not to act like idiots .
All we really know is that someone has played serious games with your heads .
Our first priority is to get us all out of LotsaTech , with you guys free of medical side effects .
Our second priority is to blow the whistle on Gerry or . . . "
She was reading the mail headers again , " . . . or whoever is behind this . "
Dixie Mae said , " I do n’t think we know enough not to act like idiots . "
" Good point .
Okay , I ’ll make a phone call , an innocuous message that should mean something to the police if things go really bad .
Then I ’ll talk to the others in our grading team .
We wo n’t say anything while we ’re still at LotsaTech , but once away from here we ’ll scream long and loud .
You two . . . it might be safest if you just lie low till after dark and we graders get back into town . "
Victor was nodding .
Dixie Mae pointed at the mystery email .
" What was it you just noticed , Ellen ? "
" Just a coincidence , I think .
Without a large sample , you start seeing phantoms . "
" Speak . "
" Well , the mailing address , ‘ lusting925@freemail.sg ’ .
Building 0925 is on the hill crest thataway . "
" You ca n’t see that from where we started . "
" Right .
It ’s like ‘ Lusting ’ had to get you here first .
And that ’s the other thing .
Prof. Reich has a senior graduate student named Rob Lusk . "
Lusk ?
Lusting ?
The connection seemed weak to Dixie Mae .
" What kind of a guy is he ? "
" Rob ’s not a particularly friendly fellow , but he ’s about two sigmas smarter than the average grad student .
He ’s the reason Gerry has the big reputation for hardware .
Gerry has been using him for five or six years now , and I bet Rob is getting desperate to graduate . "
She broke off .
" Look .
I ’m going to go inside and tell Graham and the others about this .
Then we ’ll find a place for you to hide for the rest of the day . "
She started toward the door .
" I ’m not going to hide out , " said Dixie Mae .
Ellen hesitated .
" Just till closing time .
You ’ve seen the rent - a - cops at the main gate .
This is not a place you can simply stroll out of .
But my group will have no trouble going home this evening .
As soon as we ’re off - site , we ’ll raise such a stink that the press and police will be back here .
You ’ll be safe at home in no time . "
Victor was nodding .
" Ellen ’s right .
In fact , it would be even better if we do n’t spread the story to the other graders .
There ’s no telling – "
" I ’m not going to hide out ! " Dixie Mae looked up the hill .
" I ’m going to check out 0925 . "
" That ’s crazy , Dixie Mae !
You ’re guaranteed safe if you just hide till the end of the work day–and then the cops can do better investigating than anything you could manage .
You do what Ellen says ! "
" No one tells me what to do , Victor ! " said Dixie Mae , while inside she was thinking , Yeah , what I ’m doing is a little bit like the plot of a cheap game : teenagers enter haunted house , and then split up to be murdered in pieces . . .
But Ellen Garcia was making assumptions , too .
Dixie Mae glared at both of them .
" I ’m following up on this email . "
Ellen gave her a long look .
Whether it was contemptuous or thoughtful was n’t clear .
" Just wait for me to tell Graham , okay ? "
Twenty minutes later , the three of them were outdoors again , walking up the long grade toward Building 0925 .
Graham the Red might be a smart guy , but he turned out to be a fool , too .
He was sure that the calendar mystery was just a scam cooked up by Dixie Mae and Victor .
Ellen was n’t that good at talking to him–and the two customer support winkies were beneath his contempt .
Fortunately , most of the other graders had been willing to listen .
One of them also poked an unpleasant hole in all their assumptions : " So if it ’s that serious , would n’t Gerry have these two under surveillance ?
You know , the Conspiracy Gestapo could arrive any second . "
There ’d been a moment of apprehensive silence as everyone waited the arrival of bad guys with clubs .
In the end , everyone including Graham had agreed to keep their mouths shut till after work .
Several of them had friends they made cryptic phone calls to , just in case .
Dixie
Mae could tell that most of them tilted toward Ellen ’s point of view , but however smart they were , they really did n’t want to cross Graham .
Ellen , on the other hand , was persona non grata for trying to mess up Graham ’s schedule .
She finally lost her temper with the redheaded jerk .
So now Ellen , Victor , and Dixie Mae were on the yellow brick road–in this case , the asphalt econo - cart walkway–leading to Building 0925 .
The LotsaTech campus was new and underpopulated , but there were other people around .
Just outside of 0999 , they ran into a trio of big guys wearing gray blazers like the cops at the main entrance .
Victor grabbed Dixie Mae ’s arm .
" Just act natural , " he whispered .
They ambled past , Victor giving a gracious nod .
The three hardly seemed to notice .
Victor released Dixie Mae ’s arm .
" See ?
You just have to be cool . "
Ellen had been walking ahead .
She dropped back so they were three abreast .
" Either we ’re being toyed with , " she said , " or they have n’t caught on to us . "
Dixie Mae touched the email in her pocket .
" Well , somebody is toying with us . "
" You know , that ’s the biggest clue we have .
I still think it could be somebody trying to – "
Ellen fell silent as a couple of management types came walking the other way .
These paid them even less attention than the company cops had .
" –it could be somebody trying to help us . "
" I guess , " said Dixie Mae .
" More likely it ’s some sadist using stuff they learned while I was drugged up . "
" Ug. Yeah . "
They batted around the possibilities .
It was strange .
Ellen Garcia was as much fun to talk to as Ulysse , even though she had to be about five times smarter than either Ulysse or Dixie Mae .
Now they were close enough to see the lower windows of 0925 .
This place was a double - sized version of 0999 or 0994 .
There was a catering truck pulled up at the ground level .
Beyond a green - tinted windbreak they could see couples playing tennis on the courts south of the building .
Victor squinted .
" Strange .
They ’ve got some kind of blackout on the windows . "
" Yeah .
We should at least be able to see the strip lights in the ceiling . "
They drifted off the main path and walked around to where they would n’t be seen from the catering truck .
Even up close , down under the overhang , the windows looked just like those on the other buildings .
But it was n’t just dark inside .
There was nothing but blackness .
The inside of the glass was covered with black plastic like they put on closed storefronts .
Victor whipped out his notepad .
" No phone calls , Victor . "
" I want to send out a live report , just in case someone gets really mad about us being here . "
" I told you , they ’ve got web access embargoed .
Besides , just calling from here would trigger 911 locator logic . "
" Just a short call , to – "
He looked up and saw that the two women were standing close .
" –ah , okay .
I ’ll just use it as a local cam . "
Dixie Mae held out her hand .
" Give me the notepad , Victor .
We ’ll take the pictures . "
For a moment it looked like he was going refuse .
Then he saw how her other hand was clenched into a fist .
And maybe he remembered the lunchtime stories she had told during the week .
The week that never was ?
Whatever the reason , he handed the notepad over to her .
" You think I ’m working for the bad guys ? " he said .
" No , " Dixie Mae said ( 65 percent truthfully , but declining ) , " I just do n’t think you ’ll always do what Ellen suggests .
This way we ’ll get the pictures , but safely . "
Because of my superior self control .
Yeah .
She started to hand the notepad to Ellen , but the other shook her head .
" Just keep a record , Dixie Mae .
You ’ll get it back later , Victor . "
" Oh. Okay , but I want first xmit rights . "
He brightened .
" You ’ll be my cameragirl , Dixie .
Just come back on me anytime I have something important to say . "
" Will do , Victor . "
She panned the notepad camera in a long sweep , away from him .
No one bothered them as they walked halfway around the ground floor .
The blackout job was very thorough , but just as at buildings 0994 and 0999 , there was an ordinary door with an old - fashioned card swipe .
Ellen took a closer look .
" We disabled the locks on 0999 just for the fun of it .
Somehow I do n’t think these black - plastic guys are that easygoing . "
" I guess this is as far as we go , " said Victor .
Dixie
Mae stepped close to the door and gave it push .
There was no error beep , no alarms .
The door just swung open .
Looks of amazement were exchanged .
Five seconds later they were still standing at the open doorway .
What little they could see looked like your typical LotsaTech ground floor .
" We should shut the door and go back , " said Victor .
" We ’ll be caught red - handed standing here . "
" Good point . "
Ellen stepped inside , followed perforce by Victor , and then Dixie Mae taking local video .
" Wait !
Keep the door open , Dixie Mae . "
" Jeez . "
" This is like an airlock ! "
They were in a tiny room .
Above waist height , its walls were clear glass .
There was another door on the far end of the little room .
Ellen walked forward .
" I had a summer job at Livermore last year .
They have catch boxes like this .
You walk inside easy enough–and then there are armed guards all around , politely asking you if you ’re lost . "
There were no guards visible here .
Ellen pressed on the inner door .
Locked .
She reached up to the latch mechanism .
It looked like cheap plastic .
" This should not work , " she said , even as she fiddled at it .
They could hear voices , but from upstairs .
Down here , there was no one to be seen .
Some of the layout was familiar , though .
If this had been Building 0994 , the hallway on the right would lead to restrooms , a small cafeteria , and a temporary dormitory .
Ellen hesitated and stood listening .
She looked back at them .
" That ’s strange .
That sounds like . . . Graham ! "
" Can you just break the latch , Ellen ? "
We should go upstairs and strangle the two - faced weasel with his own ponytail .
Another sound .
A door opening !
Dixie Mae looked past Ellen and saw a guy coming out of the men ’s room .
Dixie Mae managed to grab Victor , and the two of them dropped behind the lower section of the holding cell .
" Hey , Ellen , " said the stranger , " you look a bit peaked .
Is Graham getting on your nerves , too ? "
Ellen gave a squeaky laugh .
" Y - yeah . . . so what else is new ? "
Dixie
Mae twisted the notepad and held it so the camera eye looked through the glass .
In the tiny screen , she could see that the stranger was smiling .
He was dressed in tee - shirt and knee - pants and he had some kind of glittering badge on a loop around his neck .
Ellen ’s mouth opened and shut a couple of times , but nothing came out .
She does n’t know this guy from Adam .
The stranger was still clueless , but – " Hey , where ’s your badge ? "
" Oh . . . damn .
I must have left in the john , " said Ellen .
" And now I ’ve locked myself out . "
" You know the rules , " he said , but his tone was not threatening .
He did something on his side of the door .
It opened and Ellen stepped through , blocking the guy ’s view of what was behind her .
" I ’m sorry .
I , uh , I got flustered . "
" That ’s okay .
Graham will eventually shut up .
I just wish he ’d pay more attention to what the professionals are asking of him . "
Ellen nodded .
" Yeah , I hear you ! "
Like she was really , really agreeing with him .
" Y’see , Graham ’s not splitting the topics properly .
The idea is to be both broad and deep . "
Ellen continued to make understanding noises .
The talkative stranger was full of details about some sort of a NSA project , but he was totally ignorant of the three intruders .
There were light footsteps on the stairs , and a familiar voice .
" Michael , how long are you going to be ?
I want to – "
The voice cut off in a surprised squeak .
On the notepad display , Dixie Mae could see two brown - haired girls staring at each other with identical expressions of amazement .
They sidled around each other for a moment , exchanging light slaps .
It was n’t fighting . . . it was as if each thought the other was some kind of trick video .
Ellen Garcia , meet Ellen Garcia .
The stranger –Michael ? –stared with equal astonishment , first at one Ellen and then the other .
The Ellens made inarticulate noises just loud enough to interrupt each other and make them even more upset .
Finally Michael said , " I take it you do n’t have a twin sister , Ellen ? "
" No ! " said both .
" So one of you is an impostor .
But you ’ve spun around so often now that I can’t tell who is the original .
Ha . "
He pointed at one of the Ellens .
" Another good reason for having security badges . "
But Ellen and Ellen were ignoring everyone except themselves .
Except for their chorus of " No ! " , their words were just mutual interruptions , unintelligible .
Finally , they hesitated and gave each other a nasty smile .
Each reached into her pocket .
One came out with a dollar coin , and the other came out empty .
" Ha !
I ’ve got the token .
Deadlock broken . "
The other grinned and nodded .
Dollar - coin Ellen turned to Michael .
" Look , we ’re both real .
And we ’re both only - children . "
Michael looked from one to the other .
" You ’re certainly not clones , either . "
" Obviously , " said the token holder .
She looked at the other Ellen and asked , " Fridge - rot ? "
The other nodded and said , " In April I made that worse . "
And both of them laughed .
Token holder : " Gerry ’s exam in Olson Hall ? "
" Yup . "
Token holder : " Michael ? "
" After that , " the other replied , and then she blushed .
After a second the token holder blushed , too .
Michael said dryly , " And you ’re not perfectly identical . "
Token holder Ellen gave him a crooked smile .
" True .
I ’ve never seen you before in my life . "
She turned and tossed the dollar coin to the other Ellen , left hand to left hand .
And now that Ellen had the floor .
She was also the version wearing a security badge .
Call her NSA Ellen .
" As far as I–we–can tell , we had the same stream of consciousness up through the day we took Gerry Reich ’s recruitment exam .
Since then , we ’ve had our own lives .
We ’ve even got our own new friends . "
She was looking in the direction of Dixie Mae ’s camera .
Grader Ellen turned to follow her gaze .
" Come on out , guys .
We can see your camera lens . "
Victor and Dixie Mae stood and walked out of the security cell .
" A right invasion you are , " said Michael , and he did not seem to be joking .
NSA Ellen put her hand on his arm .
" Michael , I do n’t think we ’re in Kansas anymore . "
" Indeed !
I ’m simply dreaming . "
" Probably .
But if not– " she exchanged glances with grader Ellen " –maybe we should find out what ’s been done to us .
Is the meeting room clear ? "
" Last I looked .
Yes , we ’re not likely to be bothered in there . "
He led them down a hallway toward what was simply a janitor ’s closet back in Building 0994 .
Michael Lee and NSA Ellen were working on still another of Professor Reich ’s projects .
" Y’see , " said Michael , " Professor Reich has a contract with my colleagues to compare our surveillance software with what intense human analysis might accomplish . "
" Yes , " said NSA Ellen , " the big problem with surveillance has always been the enormous amount of stuff there is to look at .
The spook agencies use lots of automation and have lots of great specialists –people like Michael here –but they ’re just overwhelmed .
Anyway , Gerry had the idea that even though that problem ca n’t be solved , maybe a team of spooks and graduate students could at least estimate how much the NSA programs are missing . "
Michael Lee nodded .
" We ’re spending the entire summer looking at 1300 to 1400UTC 10 June 2012 , backwards and forwards and up and down , but on just three narrow topic areas . "
Grader Ellen interrupted him .
" And this is your first day on the job , right ? "
" Oh , no .
We ’ve been at this for almost a month now . "
He gave a little smile .
" My whole career has been the study of contemporary China .
Yet this is the first assignment where I ’ve had enough time to look at the data I ’m supposed to pontificate upon .
It would be a real pleasure if we did n’t have to enforce security on these rambunctious graduate students . "
NSA Ellen patted him on the shoulder .
" But if it were n’t for Michael here , I ’d be as frazzled as poor Graham .
One month down and two months to go . "
" You think it ’s August ? " said Dixie Mae .
" Yes , indeed . "
He glanced at his watch .
" The 10 August it is . "
Grader Ellen smiled and told him the various dates the rest of them thought today was .
" It ’s some kind of drug hallucination thing , " said Victor .
" Before we thought it was just Gerry Reich ’s doing .
Now I think it ’s the government torquing our brains . "
Both Ellens look at him ; you could tell they both knew Victor from way back .
But they seemed to take what he was saying seriously .
" Could be , " they both said .
" Sorry , " grader Ellen said to NSA Ellen .
" You ’ve got the dollar . "
" You could be right , Victor .
But cognition is my–our–specialty .
We two are something way beyond normal dreaming or hallucinations . "
" Except that could be illusion , too , " said Victor .
" Stuff it , Victor , " said Dixie Mae .
" If it ’s all a dream , we might as well give up . "
She looked at Michael Lee .
" What is the government up to ? "
Michael shrugged .
" The details are classified , but it ’s just a post hoc survey .
The isolation rules seem to be something that Professor Reich has worked out with my agency . "
NSA Ellen flicked a glance at her double .
The two had a brief and strange conversation , mostly half - completed words and phrases .
Then NSA Ellen continued , " Mr. Renaissance Man Gerry Reich seems to be at the center of everything .
He used some standard personality tests to pick out articulate , motivated people for the customer support job .
I bet they do a very good job on their first day . "
Yeah .
Dixie Mae thought of Ulysse .
And of herself .
NSA Ellen continued , " Gerry filtered out another group–graduate students in just the specialty for grading all his various exams and projects . "
" We only worked on one exam , " said grader Ellen .
But she was n’t objecting .
There was an odd smile on her face , the look of someone who has cleverly figured out some very bad news .
" And then he got a bunch of government spooks and CS grads for this surveillance project that Michael and I are on . "
Michael looked mystified .
Victor looked vaguely sullen , his own theories lying trampled somewhere in the dust .
" But , " said Dixie Mae , " your surveillance group has been going for a month you say . . . "
Victor : " And the graders do have phone contact with the outside ! "
" I ’ve been thinking about that , " said grader Ellen .
" I made three phone calls today .
The third was after you and Dixie Mae showed up .
That was voicemail to a friend of mine at MIT .
I was cryptic , but I tried to say enough that my friend would raise hell if I disappeared .
The others calls were – "
" Voicemail , too ? " asked NSA Ellen .
" One was voicemail .
The other call was to Bill Richardson .
We had a nice chat about the party he ’s having Saturday .
But Bill – "
" Bill took Reich ’s ‘ job test ’ along with the rest of us ! "
" Right . "
Where this was heading was worse than Victor ’s dream theory .
" S - so what has been done to us ? " said Dixie Mae .
Michael ’s eyes were wide , though he managed a tone of dry understatement : " Pardon a backward Han language specialist .
You ’re thinking we ’re just personality uploads ?
I thought that was science fiction . "
Both Ellens laughed .
One said , " Oh , it is science fiction , and not just the latest Kywrack episode .
The genre goes back almost a century . "
The other : " There ’s Sturgeon ’s ‘ Microcosmic God ’ . "
The first : " That would be rich ; Gerry beware then !
But there ’s also Pohl ’s ‘ Tunnel Under the World ’ . "
" Cripes .
We ’re toast if that ’s the scenario . "
" Okay , but how about Varley ’s ‘ Overdrawn at the Memory Bank ’ ? "
" How about Wilson ’s Darwinia ? "
" Or Moravec ’s ‘ Pigs in Cyberspace ’ ? "
" Or Galouye ’s Simulacron - 3 ? "
" Or Vinge ’s deathcubes ? "
Now that the ‘ twins ’ were not in perfect synch , their words were a building , rapid - fire chorus , climaxing with :
" Brin ’s ‘ Stones of Significance ’ ! "
" Or Kiln People ! "
" No , it could n’t be that . "
Abruptly they stopped , and nodded at each other .
A little bit grimly , Dixie Mae thought .
In all , the conversation was just as inscrutable as their earlier self - interrupted spasms .
Fortunately , Victor was there to rescue pedestrian minds .
" It does n’t matter .
The fact is , uploading is only sci-fi .
It ’s worse that faster - than - light travel .
There ’s not even a theoretical basis for uploads . "
Each Ellen raised her left hand and made a faffling gesture .
" Not exactly , Victor . "
The token holder continued , " I ’d say there is a theoretical basis for saying that uploads are theoretically possible . "
They gave a lopsided smile .
" And guess who is responsible for that ?
Gerry Reich .
Back in 2005 , way before he was famous as a multi - threat genius , he had a couple of papers about upload mechanisms .
The theory was borderline kookiness and even the simplest demo would take far more processing power than any supercomputer of the time . "
" Just for a one - personality upload . "
" So Gerry and his Reich Method were something of a laughingstock . "
" After that , Gerry dropped the idea–just what you ’d expect , considering the showman he is .
But now he ’s suddenly world - famous , successful in half a dozen different fields .
I think something happened .
Somebody solved his hardware problem for him . "
Dixie Mae stared at her email .
" Rob Lusk , " she said , quietly .
" Yup , " said grader Ellen .
She explained about the mail .
Michael was unconvinced .
" I do n’t know , E - Ellen .
Granted , we have an extraordinary miracle here– " gesturing at both of them , " –but speculating about cause seems to me a bit like a sparrow understanding the 405 Freeway . "
" No , " said Dixie Mae , and they all looked back her way .
She felt so frightened and so angry–but of the two , angry was better : " Somebody has set us up !
It started in those superclean restrooms in Olson Hall – "
" Olson Hall , " said Michael .
" You were there too ?
The lavs smelled like a hospital !
I remember thinking that just as I went in , but–hey , the next thing I remember is being on the bus , coming up here . "
Like a hospital .
Dixie Mae felt rising panic .
" M - maybe we ’re all that ’s left . "
She looked at the twins .
" This uploading thing , does it kill the originals ? "
It was kind of a showstopper question ; for a moment everyone was silent .
Then the token holder said , " I–do n’t think so , but Gerry ’s papers were mostly theoretical . "
Dixie
Mae beat down the panic ; rage did have its uses .
What can we know from here on the inside ?
" So far we know more than thirty of us who took the Olson Hall exams and ended up here .
If we were all murdered , that ’d be hard to cover up .
Let ’s suppose we still have a life . "
Inspiration : " And maybe there are things we can figure !
We have three of Reich ’s experiments to compare .
There are differences , and they tell us things . "
She looked at the twins .
" You ’ve already figured this out , have n’t you ?
The Ellen we met first is grading papers–just a one - day job , she ’s told .
But I ’ll bet that every night , when they think they ’re going home –Lusk or Reich or whoever is doing this just turns them off , and cycles them back to do some other ‘ one - day ’ job . "
" Same with our customer support , " said Victor , a grudging agreement .
" Almost .
We had six days of product familiarization , and then our first day on the job .
We were all so enthusiastic .
You ’re right , Ellen , on our first day we are great ! "
Poor Ulysse , poor me ; we thought we were going somewhere with our lives .
" I ’ll bet we disappear tonight , too . "
Grader Ellen was nodding .
" Customer - support - in - a - box , restarted and restarted , so it ’s always fresh . "
" But there are still problems , " said the other one .
" Eventually , the lag in dates would tip you off . "
" Maybe , or maybe the mail headers are automatically forged . "
" But internal context could contradict – "
" Or maybe Gerry has solved the cognitive haze problem – "
The two were off into their semi-private language .
Michael interrupted them .
" Not everybody is recycled .
The point of our net - tracking project is that we spend the entire summer studying just one hour of network traffic . "
The twins smiled .
" So you think , " said the token holder .
" Yes , in this building we ’re not rebooted after every imaginary day .
Instead , they run us the whole ‘ summer ’–minutes of computer time instead of seconds ?– to analyze one hour of network traffic .
And then they run us again , on a different hour .
And so on and on . "
Michael said , " I ca n’t imagine technology that powerful . "
The token holder said , " Neither can I really , but – "
Victor interrupted with , " Maybe this is the Darwinia scenario .
You know : we ’re just the toys of some superadvanced intelligence . "
" No ! " said Dixie Mae .
" Not superadvanced .
Customer support and net surveillance are valuable things in our own real world .
Whoever ’s doing this is just getting slave labor , run really , really fast . "
Grader Ellen glowered .
" And grading his exams for him !
That ’s the sort of thing that shows me it ’s really Gerry behind this .
He ’s making chumps of all of us , and rerunning us before we catch on or get seriously bored . "
NSA Ellen had the same expression , but a different complaint : " We have been seriously bored here . "
Michael nodded .
" Those from the government side are a patient lot ; we ’ve kept the graduate students in line .
We can last three months .
But it does . . . rankle . . . to learn that the reward for our patience is that we get to do it all over again .
Damn .
I ’m sorry , Ellen . "
" But now we know ! " said Dixie Mae .
" And what good does it do you ? "
Victor laughed .
" So you guessed this time .
But at the end of the microsecond day , poof , it ’s reboot time and everything you ’ve learned is gone . "
" Not this time . "
Dixie Mae looked away from him , down at her email .
The cheap paper was crumpled and stained .
A digital fake , but so are we .
" I do n’t think we ’re the only people who ’ve figured things out . "
She slid the printout across the table , toward grader Ellen .
" You thought it meant Rob Lusk was in this building . "
" Yeah , I did . "
" Who ’s Rob Lusk ? " said Michael .
" A weirdo , " NSA Ellen said absently .
" Gerry ’s best grad student . "
Both Ellens were staring at the email .
" The 0999 reference led Dixie Mae to my grading team .
Then I pointed out the source address . "
" lusting925@freemail.sg ? "
" Yes .
And that got us here . "
" But there ’s no Rob Lusk here , " said NSA Ellen .
" Huh !
I like these fake mail headers . "
" Yeah .
They ’re longer than the whole message body ! "
Michael had stood to look over the Ellens ’ shoulders .
Now he reached between them to tap the message .
" See there , in the middle of the second header ?
That looks like Pinyin with the tone marks written in - line . "
" So what does it say ? "
" Well , if it ’s Mandarin , it would be the number ‘ nine hundred and seventeen ’ . "
Victor was leaning forward on his elbows .
" That has to be coincidence .
How could Lusting know just who we ’d encounter ? "
" Anybody know of a Building 0917 ? " said Dixie Mae .
" I do n’t , " said Michael .
" We do n’t go out of our building except to the pool and tennis courts . "
The twins shook their heads .
" I have n’t seen it . . . and right now I do n’t want to risk an intranet query . "
Dixie
Mae thought back to the Lotsa - Tech map that had been in the welcome - aboard brochures .
" If there is such a place , it would be farther up the hill , maybe right at the top .
I say we go up there . "
" But– " said Victor .
" Do n’t give me that garbage about waiting for the police , Victor , or about not being idiots .
This is n’t Kansas anymore , and this email is the only clue we have . "
" What should we tell the people here ? " said Michael .
" Do n’t tell them anything !
We just sneak off .
We want the operation here to go on normally , so Gerry or whoever does n’t suspect . "
The two Ellens looked at each other , a strange , sad expression on their faces .
Suddenly they both started singing " Home on the Range , " but with weird lyrics :
" Oh , give me a clone
Of my own flesh and bone
With – "
They paused and simultaneously blushed .
" What a dirty mind that man Garrett had . "
" Dirty but deep . "
NSA Ellen turned to Michael , and she seemed to blush even more .
" Never mind , Michael .
I think . . . you and I should stay here .
" No , wait , " said Dixie Mae .
" Where we ’re going we may have to convince someone that this crazy story is true .
You Ellens are the best evidence we have . "
The argument went round and round .
At one point , Dixie Mae noticed with wonder that the two Ellens actually seemed to be arguing against each other .
" We do n’t know enough to decide , " Victor kept whining .
" We have to do something , Victor .
We know what happens to you and me if we sit things out till closing time this afternoon . "
In the end Michael did stay behind .
He was more likely to be believed by his government teammates .
If the Ellens and Dixie Mae and Victor could bring back some real information , maybe the NSA group could do some good .
" We ’ll be a network of people trying to break this wheel of time . "
Michael was trying to sound wryly amused , but once he said the words he was silent , and none of the others could think of anything better to say .
Up near the hilltop , there were not nearly as many buildings , and the ones that Dixie Mae saw were single story , as though they were just entrances to something under the hills .
The trees were stunted and the grass yellower .
Victor had an explanation .
" It ’s the wind .
You see this in lots of exposed land near the coast .
Or maybe they just do n’t water very much up here . "
An Ellen–from behind , Dixie Mae could n’t tell which one–said , " Either way , the fabrication is awesome . "
Right .
A fabrication .
" That ’s something I do n’t understand , " said Dixie Mae .
" The best movie fx do n’t come close to this .
How can their computers be this good ? "
" Well for one thing , " said the other Ellen , " cheating is a lot easier when you ’re also simulating the observers . "
" Us . "
" Yup .
Everywhere you look , you see detail , but it ’s always at the center of your focus .
We humans do n’t keep everything we ’ve seen and everything we know all in mind at the same time .
We have millions of years of evolution invested in ignoring almost everything , and conjuring sense out of nonsense . "
Dixie Mae looked southward into the haze .
It was all so real : the dry hot breeze , the glint of aircraft sliding down the sky toward LAX , the bulk of the Empire State Building looming up from the skyscrapers at the center of downtown .
" There are probably dozens of omissions and contradictions around us every second , but unless they ’re brought together in our attention all at once we do n’t notice them . "
" Like the time discrepancy , " said Dixie Mae .
" Right !
In fact , the biggest problem with all our theories is not how we could be individually duped , but how the fraud could work with many communicating individuals all at once .
That takes hardware beyond anything that exists , maybe a hundred liters of Bose condensate . "
" Some kind of quantum computer breakthrough , " said Victor .
Both Ellens turned to look at him , eyebrows raised .
" Hey , I ’m a journalist .
I read it in the Bruin science section . "
The twins ’ reply was something more than a monologue and less than a conversation :
" Well . . . even so , you have a point .
In fact , there were rumors this spring that Gerry had managed to scale Gershenfeld ’s coffee cup coherence scheme . "
" Yeah , how he had five hundred liters of Bose condensate at room temperature . "
" But those stories started way after he had already become Mr. Renaissance Man .
It does n’t make sense . "
We ’re not the first people hijacked .
" Maybe , " said Dixie Mae , " maybe he started out with something simple , like a single superspeed human .
Could Gerry run a single upload with the kind of supercomputers we have nowadays ? "
" Well , that ’s more conceivable than this . . . oh .
Okay , so an isolated genius was used to do a century or so of genius work on quantum computing .
That sounds like the deathcube scenario .
If it were me , after a hundred years of being screwed like that , I ’d give Gerry one hell of a surprise . "
" Yeah , like instead of a cure for cancer , he ’d get airborne rabies targeted on the proteome of scumbag middle - aged male CS profs . "
The twins sounded as bloody - minded as Dixie Mae .
They walked another couple of hundred yards .
The lawn degenerated into islands of crabgrass in bare dirt .
The breeze was a hot whistling along the ridgeline .
The twins stopped every few paces to look closely , now at the vegetation , now at a guide sign along the walkway .
They were mumbling at each other about the details of what they were seeing , as if they were trying to detect inconsistencies :
" . . . really , really good .
We agree on everything we see . "
" Maybe Gerry is saving cycles , running us as cognitive subthreads off the same process . "
" Ha !
No wonder we ’re still so much in synch . "
Mumble , mumble .
" There ’s really a lot we can infer – "
" –once we accept the insane premise of all this . "
There was still no " Building 0917 , " but what buildings they did see had lower and lower numbers : 0933 , 0921 . . . .
A loud group of people crossed their path just ahead .
They were singing .
They looked like programmers .
" Just be cool , " an Ellen said softly .
" That conga line is straight out of the LotsaTech employee motivation program .
The programmers have onsite parties when they reach project milestones . "
" More victims ? " said Victor .
" Or AIs ? "
" They might be victims .
But I ’ll bet all the people we ’ve seen along this path are just low - level scenery .
There ’s nothing in Reich ’s theories that would make true AIs possible . "
Dixie Mae watched the singers as they drifted down the hillside .
This was the third time they had seen something - like - people on the walkway .
" It does n’t make sense , Ellen .
We think we ’re just – "
" Simulation processes . "
" Yeah , simulation processes , inside some sort of super super - computer .
But if that ’s true , then whoever is behind this should be able to spy on us better than any Big Brother ever could in the real world .
We should ’ve been caught and rebooted the minute we began to get suspicious . "
Both Ellens started to answer .
They stopped , then interrupted each other again .
" Back to who ’s - got - the - token , " one said , holding up the dollar coin .
" Dixie Mae , that is a mystery , but not as big as it seems .
If Reich is using the sort of upload and simulation techniques I know about , then what goes on inside our minds ca n’t be interpreted directly .
Thoughts are just too idiosyncratic , too scattered .
If we are simulations in a large quantum computer , even environment probes would be hard to run . "
" You mean things like spy cameras ? "
" Yes .
They would be hard to implement , since in fact they would be snooping on the state of our internal imagery .
All this is complicated by the fact that we ’re probably running thousands of times faster than real time .
There are maybe three ways that Gerry could snoop : he could just watch team output , and if it falls off , he ’d know that something had gone wrong–and he might reboot on general principles . "
Suddenly Dixie
Mae was very glad that they had n’t taken more volunteers on this hike .
" The second snoop method is just to look at things we write or the output of software we explicitly run .
I ’ll bet that anything that we perceive as linear text is capable of outside interpretation . "
She looked at Victor .
" That ’s why no note - taking . "
Dixie Mae still had his notepad .
" It ’s kinda stupid , " said Victor .
" First it was no pictures and now not even notes .
" Hey , look ! " said the Ellens .
" B0917 ! " But it was n’t a building , just a small sign wedged among the rocks .
They scrambled off the asphalt onto a dirt path that led directly up the hillside .
Now they were so near the hill crest that the horizon was just a few yards away .
Dixie Mae could n’t see any land beyond .
She remembered a movie where poor slobs like themselves got to the edge of the simulation . . . and found the wall at the end of their universe .
But they took a few more steps and she could see over the top .
There was a vista of further , lower hills , dropping down into the San Fernando Valley .
Not quite hidden in the haze she could see the familiar snakey line of Highway 101 .
Tarzana .
Ellen and Ellen and Victor were not taking in the view .
They were staring at the sign at the side of the path .
Fifteen feet beyond that was a construction dig .
There were building supplies piled neatly along the edge of the cut , and a robo - Cat parked on the far side .
It might have been the beginning of the construction of a standard - model LotsaTech building . . . except that in the far side of the pit , almost hidden in shadows , there was a circular metal plug , like a bank vault door in some old movie .
" I have this theory , " said the token holder .
" If we get through that door , we may find out what your email is all about . "
" Yup . "
The twins bounced down a steeply cut treadway into the pit .
Dixie Mae and Victor scrambled after them , Victor clumsily bumping into her on the way down .
The bottom of the pit was like nothing before .
There were no windows , no card swipe .
And up close , Dixie Mae could see that the vault door was pitted and scratched .
" They ’re mixing metaphors , " said the token holder .
" This entrance looks older than the pit . "
" It looks old as the hills , " Dixie Mae said , running her hand over the uneven metal–and half expecting to feel weirdo runes .
" Somebody is trying to give us clues . . . or somebody is a big sadist .
So what do we do ?
Knock a magic knock ? "
" Why not ? "
The two Ellens took her tattered email and laid it out flat on the metal of the door .
They studied the mail headers for a minute , mumbling to each other .
The token holder tapped on the metal , then pushed .
" Together , " they said , and tapped out a random something , but perfectly in synch .
That had all the effect you ’d expect of tapping your fingers on ten tons of dead steel .
The token holder handed the email back to Dixie Mae .
" You try something . "
But what ?
Dixie Mae stepped to the door .
She stood there , feeling clueless .
Off to the side , almost hidden by the curve of the metal plug , Victor had turned away .
He had the notepad .
" Hey ! "
She slammed him into the side of the pit .
Victor pushed her away , but by then the Ellens were on him .
There was a mad scramble as the twins tried to do all the same things to Victor .
Maybe that confused him .
Anyway , it gave Dixie Mae a chance to come back and punch him in the face .
" I got it ! "
One of the twins jumped back from the fighting .
She had the notepad in her hands .
They stepped away from Victor .
He was n’t going to get his notepad back .
" So , Ellen , " said Dixie Mae , not taking her eyes off the sprawled figure , " what was that third method for snooping on us ? "
" I think you ’ve already guessed .
Gerry could fool some idiot into uploading as a spy . "
She was looking over her twin ’s shoulder at the notepad screen .
Victor picked himself up .
For a moment he looked sullen , and then the old superior smile percolated across his features .
" You ’re crazy .
I just want to break this story back in the real world .
Do n’t you think that if Reich were using spies , he ’d just upload himself ? "
" That depends . "
The one holding the notepad read aloud : " You just typed in : ‘ 925 999 994 know . reboot ’.
That does n’t sound like journalism to me , Victor . "
" Hey , I was being dramatic . "
He thought for a second , and then laughed .
" It does n’t matter anymore !
I got the warning out .
You wo n’t remember any of this after you ’re rebooted . "
Dixie Mae stepped toward him .
" And you wo n’t remember that I broke your neck . "
Victor tried to look suave and jump backwards at the same time .
" In fact , I will remember , Dixie Mae .
See , once you ’re gone , I ’ll be merged back into my body in Doc Reich ’s lab . "
" And we ’ll be dead again ! "
Ellen held up the notepad .
" Maybe not as soon as Victor thinks .
I notice he never got past the first line of his message ; he never pressed return .
Now , depending on how faithfully this old notepad ’s hardware is being emulated , his treason is still trapped in a local cache–and Reich is still clueless about us . "
For a moment , Victor looked worried .
Then he shrugged .
" So you get to live the rest of this run , maybe corrupt some other projects–ones a lot more important than you .
On the other hand , I did learn about the email .
When I get back and tell Doc Reich , he ’ll know what to do .
You wo n’t be going rogue in the future . "
Everyone was silent for a second .
The wind whistled across the yellow - blue sky above the pit .
And then the twins gave Victor the sort of smile he had bestowed on them so often .
The token holder said , " I think your mouth is smarter than you are , Victor .
You asked the right question a second ago :
Why does n’t Gerry Reich upload himself to be the spy ?
Why does he have to use you ? "
" Well , " Victor frowned .
" Hey , Doc Reich is an important man .
He does n’t have time to waste with security work like this . "
" Really , Victor ?
He ca n’t spare even a copy of himself ? "
Dixie Mae got the point .
She closed in on Victor .
" So how many times have you been merged back into your original ? "
" This is my first time here ! " Everybody but Victor laughed , and he rushed on , " But I ’ve seen the merge done ! "
" Then why wo n’t Reich do it for us ? "
" Merging is too expensive to waste on work threads like you , " but now Victor was not even convincing himself .
The Ellens laughed again .
" Are you really a UCLA journalism grad , Victor ?
I thought they were smarter than this .
So Gerry showed you a re-merge , did he ?
I bet that what you actually saw was a lot of equipment and someone going through very dramatic convulsions .
And then the ‘ subject ’ told you a nice story about all the things he ’d seen in our little upload world .
And all the time they were laughing at you behind their hands .
See , Reich ’s upload theory depends on having a completely regular target .
I know that theory : the merge problem–loading onto an existing mind–is exponential in the neuron count .
There ’s no way back , Victor . "
Victor was backing away from them .
His expression flickered between superior sneer and stark panic .
" What you think does n’t matter .
You ’re just going to be rebooted at 5 p.m .
And you do n’t know everything . "
He began fiddling with the fly zipper on his pants .
" You see , I–I can escape ! "
" Get him ! "
Dixie Mae was closest .
It did n’t matter .
There was no hazy glow , no sudden popping noise .
She simply fell through thin air , right where Victor had been standing .
She picked herself up and stared at the ground .
Some smudged footprints were the only sign Victor had been there .
She turned back to the twins .
" So he could re-merge after all ? "
" Not likely , " said the token holder .
" Victor ’s zipper was probably a thread self - terminate mechanism . "
" His pants zipper ? "
They shrugged .
" I dunno .
To leak out ?
Gerry has a perverse sense of humor . "
But neither twin looked amused .
They circled the spot where Victor had left and kicked unhappily at the dirt .
The token holder said , " Cripes .
Nothing in Victor ’s life became him like the leaving it .
I do n’t think we have even till ‘ 5 p.m. ’ now .
A thread terminate signal is just the sort of thing that would be easy to detect from the outside .
So Gerry wo n’t know the details , but he – "
" –or his equipment – "
" –will soon know there is a problem and – "
" –that it ’s probably a security problem . "
" So how long do we have before we lose the day ? " said Dixie Mae .
" If an emergency reboot has to be done manually , we ’ll probably hit 5 p.m. first .
If it ’s automatic , well , I know you wo n’t feel insulted if the world ends in the middle of a syllable . "
" Whatever it is , I ’m going to use the time . "
Dixie Mae picked her email up from where it lay by the vault entrance .
She waved the paper at the impassive steel .
" I ’m not going back !
I ’m here and I want some explanations ! "
Nothing .
The two Ellens stood there , out of ideas and looking unhappy–or maybe that amounted to the same thing .
" I ’m not giving up , " Dixie Mae said to them , and pounded on the metal .
" No , I do n’t think you are , " said the token holder .
But now they were looking at her strangely .
" I think we–you at least–must have been through this before . "
" Yeah .
And I must have messed up every time . "
" No . . . I do n’t think so . "
They pointed at the email that she held crumpled in her hand .
" Where do you think all those nasty secrets come from , Dixie Mae ? "
" How the freakin’ heck do I know ?
That ’s the whole reason I– " and then she felt smart and stupid at the same time .
She leaned her head against the shadowed metal .
" Oh . Oh oh oh ! "
She looked down at the email hardcopy .
The bottom part was torn , smeared , almost illegible .
No matter ; that part she had memorized .
The Ellens had gone over the headers one by one .
But now we should n’t be looking for technical secrets or grad student inside jokes .
Maybe we should be looking for numbers that mean something to Dixie Mae Leigh .
" If there were uploaded souls guarding the door , what you two have already done ought to be enough .
I think you ’re right .
It ’s some pattern I ’m supposed to tap on the door . "
If it did n’t work , she ’d try something else , and keep trying till 5 p.m. or whenever she was suddenly back in Building 0994 , so happy to have a job with potential .
. . .
The tree house in Tarzana .
Dixie Mae had been into secret codes then .
Her childish idea of crypto .
She and her little friends used a tap code for sending numbers .
It had n’t lasted long , because Dixie Mae was the only one with the patience to use it .
But–
" That number , ‘ 7474 ’ , " she said .
" Yeah ?
Right in the middle of the fake message number ? "
" Yes .
Once upon a time , I used that as a password challenge .
You know , like ‘ Who goes there ’ in combat games .
The rest of the string could be the response . "
The Ellens looked at each .
" Looks too short to be significant , " they said .
Then they both shook their heads , disagreeing with themselves .
" Try it , Dixie Mae . "
Her " numbers to taps " scheme had been simple , but for a moment she could n’t remember it .
She held the paper against the vault and glared at the numbers .
Ah. Carefully , carefully , she began tapping out the digits that came after " 7474 . "
The string was much longer than anything her childhood friends would have put up with .
It was longer than anything she herself would have used .
" Cool , " said the token holder .
" Some kind of hex gray code ? "
Huh ?
" What do you expect , Ellen ?
I was only eight years old . "
They watched the door .
Nothing .
" Okay , on to Plan B , " and then to C and D and E , etc , until our time ends .
There was the sound of something very old breaking apart .
The vault door shifted under Dixie Mae ’s hand and she jumped back .
The curved plug slowly turned , and turned , and turned .
After some seconds , the metal plug thudded to the ground beside the entrance . . . and they were looking down an empty corridor that stretched off into the depths .
For the first quarter mile , no one was home .
The interior decor was not LotsaTech standard .
Gone were the warm redwood veneers and glow strips .
Here fluorescent tube lights were mounted in the acoustic tile ceiling , and the walls were institutional beige .
" This reminds me of the basement labs in Norman Hall , " said one Ellen .
" But there are people in Norman Hall , " said the other .
They were both whispering .
And here there were stairways that led only down .
And down and down .
Dixie Mae said , " Do you get the feeling that whoever is here is in for the long haul ? "
" Huh ? "
" Well , the graders in B0999 were in for a day , and they thought they had real phone access to the outside .
My group in Customer Support had six days of classes and then probably just one more day , where we answered queries–and we had no other contact with the outside . "
" Yes , " said NSA Ellen .
" My group had been running for a month , and we were probably not going to expire for another two .
We were officially isolated .
No phones , no email , no weekends off .
The longer the cycle time , the more isolation .
Otherwise , the poor suckers would figure things out . "
Dixie Mae thought for a second .
" Victor really did n’t want us to get this far .
Maybe– " Maybe , somehow , we can make a difference .
They passed a cross corridor , then a second one .
A half - opened door showed them an apparent dormitory room .
Fresh bedding sat neatly folded on a mattress .
Somebody was just moving in ?
Ahead there was another doorway , and from it they could hear voices , argument .
They crept along , not even whispering .
The voices were making words : " –is a year enough time , Rob ? "
The other speaker sounded angry .
" Well , it ’s got to be .
After that , Gerry is out of money and I ’m out of time . "
The Ellens waved Dixie Mae back as she started for the door .
Maybe they wanted to eavesdrop for a while .
But how long do we have before time ends ?
Dixie Mae brushed past them and walked into the room .
There were two guys there , one sitting by an ordinary data display .
" Jesus !
Who are you ? "
" Dixie Mae Leigh . "
As you must certainly know .
The one sitting by the terminal gave her a broad grin , " Rob , I thought we were isolated ? "
" That ’s what Gerry said . "
This one –Rob Lusk ? –looked to be in his late twenties .
He was tall and thin and had kind of a desperate look to him .
" Okay , Miss Leigh .
What are you here for ? "
" That ’s what you ’re going to tell me , Rob . "
Dixie
Mae pulled the email from her pocket and waived the tattered scrap of paper in his face .
" I want some explanations ! "
Rob ’s expression clouded over , a no - one - tells - me - what - to - do look .
Dixie Mae glared back at him .
Rob Lusk was a mite too big to punch out , but she was heating up to it .
The twins chose that moment to make their entrance .
" Hi there , " one of them said cheerily .
Lusk ’s eyes flickered from one to the other and then to the NSA ID badge .
" Hello .
I ’ve seen you around the department .
You ’re Ellen , um , Gomez ? "
" Garcia , " corrected NSA Ellen .
" Yup .
That ’s me . "
She patted grader Ellen on the shoulder .
" This is my sister , Sonya . "
She glanced at Dixie Mae .
Play along , her eyes seemed to say .
" Gerry sent us . "
" He did ? "
The fellow by the computer display was grinning even more .
" See , I told you , Rob .
Gerry can be brutal , but he ’d never leave us without assistants for a whole year .
Welcome , girls ! "
" Shut up , Danny . "
Rob looked at them hopefully , but unlike Danny - boy , he seemed quite serious .
" Gerry told you this will be a year - long project ? "
The three of them nodded .
" We ’ve got plenty of bunk rooms , and separate . . . um , facilities . "
He sounded . . .
Lord , he sounded embarrassed .
" What are your specialties ? "
The token holder said , " Sonya and I are second - year grads , working on cognitive patterning . "
Some of the hope drained from Rob ’s expression .
" I know that ’s Gerry ’s big thing , but we ’re mostly doing hardware here . "
He looked at Dixie Mae .
" I ’m into– " go for it " –Bose condensates . "
Well , she knew how to pronounce the words .
There were worried looks from the Ellens .
But one of them piped up with , " She ’s on Satya ’s team at Georgia Tech . "
It was wonderful what the smile did to Rob ’s face .
His angry expression of a minute before was transformed into the look of a happy little boy on his way to Disneyland .
" Really ?
I ca n’t tell you what this means to us !
I knew it had to be someone like Satya behind the new formulations .
Were you in on that ? "
" Oh , yeah .
Some of it , anyway . "
Dixie
Mae figured that she could n’t say more than twenty words without blowing it .
But what the heck –how many more minutes did the masquerade have to last , anyway ?
Little Victor and his self - terminating thread . . .
" That ’s great .
We do n’t have budget for real equipment here , just simulators – "
Out of the corner of her eye , she saw the Ellens exchange a fer sure look .
" –so anyone who can explain the theory to me will be so welcome .
I ca n’t imagine how Satya managed to do so much , so fast , and without us knowing . "
" Well , I ’d be happy to explain everything I know about it . "
Rob waved Danny - boy away from the data display .
" Sit down , sit down .
I ’ve got so many questions ! "
Dixie Mae sauntered over to the desk and plunked herself down .
For maybe thirty seconds , this guy would think she was brilliant .
The Ellens circled in to save her .
" Actually , I ’d like to know more about who we ’re working with , " one of them said .
Rob looked up , distracted , but Danny was more than happy to do some intros .
" It ’s just the two of us .
You already know Rob Lusk .
I ’m Dan Eastland . "
He reached around , genially shaking hands .
" I ’m not from UCLA .
I work for LotsaTech , in quantum chemistry .
But you know Gerry Reich .
He ’s got pull everywhere –and I do n’t mind being shanghaied for a year .
I need to , um , stay out of sight for a while . "
" Oh ! " Dixie Mae had read about this guy in Newsweek .
And it had nothing to do with chemistry .
" But you ’re – " Dead .
Not a good sign at all , at all .
Danny did n’t notice her distraction .
" Rob ’s the guy with the real problem .
Ever since I can remember , Gerry has used Rob as his personal hardware research department .
Hey , I ’m sorry , Rob .
You know it ’s true . "
Lusk waved him away .
" Yes !
So tell them how you ’re an even bigger fool ! "
He really wanted to get back to grilling Dixie Mae .
Danny shrugged .
" But now , Rob is just one year short of hitting his seven year limit .
Do you have that at Georgia Tech , Dixie Mae ?
If you have n’t completed the doctorate in seven years , you get kicked out ? "
" No , ca n’t say as I ’ve heard of that . "
" Give thanks then , because since 2006 , it ’s been an unbendable rule at UCLA .
So when Gerry told Rob about this secret hardware contract he ’s got with LotsaTech–and promised that Ph.D. in return for some new results –Rob jumped right in . "
" Yeah , Danny .
But he never told me how far Satya had gone .
If I ca n’t figure this stuff out , I ’m screwed .
Now let me talk to Dixie Mae ! "
He bent over the keyboard and brought up the most beautiful screen saver .
Then Dixie Mae noticed little numbers in the colored contours and realized that maybe this was what she was supposed to be an expert on .
Rob said , " I have plenty of documentation , Dixie Mae–too much .
If you can just give me an idea how you scaled up the coherence . "
He waved at the picture .
" That ’s almost a thousand liters of condensate , a trillion effective qubits .
Even more fantastic , your group can keep it coherent for almost fifty seconds at a time . "
NSA Ellen gave a whistle of pretended surprise .
" Wow .
What use could you have for all that power ? "
Danny pointed at Ellen ’s badge .
" You ’re the NSA wonk , Ellen , what do you think ?
Crypto , the final frontier of supercomputing !
With even the weakest form of the Schor - Gershenfeld algorithm , Gerry can crack a ten kilobyte key in less than a millisecond .
And I ’ll bet that ’s why he ca n’t spare us any time on the real equipment .
Night and day he ’s breaking keys and sucking in government money . "
Grader Ellen–Sonya , that is–puckered up a naive expression .
" What more does Gerry want ? "
Danny spread his hands .
" Some of it we do n’t even understand yet .
Some of it is about what you ’d expect :
He wants a thousand thousand times more of everything .
He wants to scale the operation by qulink so he can run arrays of thousand - liter bottles . "
" And we ’ve got just a year to improve on your results , Dixie Mae .
But your solution is years ahead of the state of the art . "
Rob was pleading .
Danny ’s glib impress - the - girls manner faltered .
For an instant , he looked a little sad and embarrassed .
" We ’ll get something , Rob .
Do n’t worry . "
" So , how long have you been here , Rob ? " said Dixie Mae .
He looked up , maybe surprised by the tone of her voice .
" We just started .
This is our first day . "
Ah yes , that famous first day .
In her twenty - four years , Dixie Mae had occasionally wondered whether there could be rage more intense than the red haze she saw when she started breaking things .
Until today , she had never known .
But yes , beyond the berserker - breaker there was something else .
She did not sweep the display off the table , or bury her fist in anyone ’s face .
She just sat there for a moment , feeling empty .
She looked across at the twins .
" I wanted some villains , but these guys are just victims .
Worse , they ’re totally clueless !
We ’re back where we started this morning . "
Where we ’ll be again real soon now .
" Hmmm .
Maybe not . "
Speaking together , the twins sounded like some kind of perfect chorus .
They looked around the room , eyeing the decor .
Then their gazes snapped back to Rob .
" You ’d think LotsaTech would do better than this for you , Rob . "
Lusk was staring at Dixie Mae .
He gave an angry shrug .
" This is the old Homeland Security lab under Norman Hall .
Do n’t worry –we ’re isolated , but we have good lab and computer services . "
" I ’ll bet .
And what is your starting work date ? "
" I just told you : today . "
" No , I mean the calendar date . "
Danny looked back and forth between them .
" Geeze , are all you kids so literal minded ?
It ’s Monday , September 12 , 2011 . "
Nine months .
Nine real months .
And maybe there was a good reason why this was the first day .
Dixie Mae reached out to touch Rob ’s sleeve .
" The Georgia Tech people did n’t invent the new hardware , " she said softly .
" Then just who did make the breakthrough ? "
She raised her hand . . . and tapped Rob deliberately on the chest .
Rob just looked more angry , but Danny ’s eyes widened .
Danny got the point .
She remembered that Newsweek article about him .
Danny Eastland had been an all - around talented guy .
He had blown the whistle on the biggest business espionage case of the decade .
But he was dumb as dirt in some ways .
If he had n’t been so eager to get laid , he would n’t have snuck away from his Witness Protection bodyguards and gotten himself murdered .
" You guys are too much into hardware , " said NSA Ellen .
" Forget about crypto applications .
Think about personality uploads .
Given what you know about Gerry ’s current hardware , how many Reich Method uploads do you think the condensate could support ? "
" How should I know ?
The ‘ Reich Method ’ was baloney .
If he had n’t messed with the reviewers , those papers would never have been published . "
But the question stopped him .
He thought for a moment .
" Okay , if his bogus method really worked , then a trillion qubit simulation could support about ten thousand uploads . "
The Ellens gave him a slow smile .
A slow , identical smile .
For once they made no effort to separate their identities .
Their words came out simultaneously , the same pacing , the same pitch , a weird humming chorus : " Oh , a good deal less than ten thousand –if you have to support a decent enclosing reality . "
Each reached out her left hand with inhumanly synchronized precision , the precision of digital duplicates , to wave at the room and the hallway beyond .
" Of course , some resources can be saved by using the same base pattern to drive separate threads– " and each pointed at herself .
Both men just stared at them for a second .
Then Rob stumbled back into the other chair .
" Oh . . . my . . . God . "
Danny stared at the two for another few seconds .
" All these years , we thought Gerry ’s theories were just a brilliant scam . "
The Ellens stood with their eyes closed for a second .
Then they seemed to startle awake .
They looked at each other and Dixie Mae could tell the perfect synch had been broken .
NSA
Ellen took the dollar coin out of her pocket and gave it to the other .
The token holder smiled at Rob .
" Oh , it was , only more brilliant and more of a scam than you ever dreamed . "
" I wonder if Danny and I ever figure it out . "
" Somebody figured it out , " said Dixie Mae , and waved what was left of her email .
The token holder was more specific : " Gerry is running us all like stateless servers .
Some are on very short cycles .
We think you ’re on a one - year cycle , probably running longer than anyone .
You ’re making the discoveries that let Gerry create bigger and bigger systems . "
" Okay , " said Lusk , " suppose one of us victims guesses the secret ?
What can we do ?
We ’ll just get rebooted at the end of our run . "
Danny Eastland was quicker .
" There is something we could do .
There has to be information passed between runs , at least if Gerry is using you and me to build on our earlier solutions .
If in that data we could hide what we ’ve secretly learned – "
The twins smiled .
" Right !
Cookies .
If you could recover them reliably , then on each rev , you could plan more and more elaborate countermeasures . "
Rob Lusk still looked dazed .
" We ’d want to tip off the next generation early in their run . "
" Yes , like the very first day ! "
Danny was looking at the three women and nodding to himself .
" Only I still do n’t see how we managed that . "
Rob pointed at Dixie Mae ’s email .
" May I take a look at that ? "
He laid it on the table , and he and Danny examined the message .
The token holder said , " That email has turned out to have more clues than a bad detective story .
Every time we ’re in a jam , we find the next hidden solution . "
" That figures , " said Eastland .
" I ’ll bet it ’s been refined over many revs . . . "
" But we may have a special problem this time– " and Dixie Mae told them about Victor .
" Damn , " said Danny .
Rob just shrugged .
" Nothing we can do about that till we figure this out . "
He and Danny studied the headers .
The token holder explained the parts that had already seen use .
Finally , Rob leaned back in his chair .
" The second - longest header looks like the tags on one of the raw data files that Gerry gave us . "
" Yes , " sang the twins .
" What ’s really your own research from the last time around . "
" Most of the files have to be what Gerry thinks , or else he ’d catch onto us .
But that one raw data file . . . assume it ’s really a cookie .
Then this email header might be a crypto key . "
Danny shook his head .
" That ’s not credible , Rob .
Gerry could do the same analysis . "
The token holder laughed .
" Only if he knew what to analyze .
Maybe that ’s why you guys winkled it out to us .
The message goes to Dixie Mae–an unrelated person in an unrelated part of the simulation . "
" But how did we do it the first time ? "
Rob did n’t seem to be paying attention .
He was typing in the header string from Dixie Mae ’s email .
" Let ’s try it on the data file .
. . . "
He paused , checked his keyboard entry , and pressed return .
They stared at the screen .
Seconds passed .
The Ellens chatted back and forth .
They seemed to be worried about executing any sort of text program ; like Victor ’s notepad , it might be readable to the outside world .
" That ’s a real risk unless earlier Robs knew the cacheing strategy . "
Dixie Mae was only half - listening .
If this worked at all , it was pretty good proof that earlier Robs and Dannys had done things right .
If this works at all .
Even after all that had happened , even after seeing Victor disappear into thin air , Dixie Mae still felt like a little girl waiting for magic she did n’t quite believe in .
Danny gave a nervous laugh .
" How big is this cookie ? "
Rob leaned his elbows onto the table .
" Yea
IT WAS formally one election to a single body , the European Parliament .
Yet in truth what took place between June 4th and June 7th were 27 separate polls , as both campaigners and voters focused mainly on national issues , not European ones .
The dream of a European demos nourishing a pan-European democracy based on Europe - wide parties is more distant than ever .
Even so , voters from Nuorgam in northern Finland to Tarifa in southern Spain seemed to share some ideas — and they are not reassuring for the European Union .
The first was indifference .
The average EU - wide turnout was 43 % , the lowest since the first direct elections to the European Parliament in 1979 .
The pattern is not universal : turnout actually rose in seven countries , and it was lower in eastern than in western Europe .
But almost everywhere turnout was far below levels in national elections .
Thirty years on , that should worry not only new MEPs in Strasbourg , but also the leaders in Brussels and national capitals who steer the EU .
A second common element was a harsh judgment on the mainstream left .
Most governments of the left suffered heavy defeats ( as in Britain , Hungary , Portugal and Spain ) .
But the left did badly even where it is in opposition ( France and Italy ) or in coalition with the mainstream right ( Germany , the Netherlands and Austria ) .
The umbrella Socialist group in the European Parliament lost as many as a quarter of its seats , leaving the mainstream centre - right group , the European People 's Party , more dominant than before , despite the imminent departure of British Conservatives who plan to form a new anti-federalist centre - right group ( see article ) .
At first blush the woes of the mainstream left are surprising .
Most of the EU is in deep recession , unemployment is rising and talk is of a crisis of capitalism — fertile ground for centre - left parties that favour higher taxes and more regulated markets .
Yet the left 's appeal is waning .
One reason is a string of unimpressive leaders who have offered little to take the place of globalisation .
But it also reflects the ability of some on the centre - right , especially Germany 's Angela Merkel and France 's Nicolas Sarkozy , to steal the left 's clothes , with policies such as a bigger state and tougher regulation , and to persuade voters that the economic crisis came from abroad .
Voters in Britain , Spain and Ireland , who saw their governments as responsible for their economic problems , punished them .
The worrying antis
The third feature of the elections was a sour and negative mood , shown not merely in a low turnout but also in wide support for a ragbag of far - right , populist , anti-EU or plain nutty parties .
These ranged from the eccentric United Kingdom Independence Party and Geert Wilders 's Freedom Party in the Netherlands , which both came second in their national polls , to Hungary 's anti-gypsy Jobbik party and the Pirate Party in Sweden .
Some of this was protest voting .
But a chunk reflects views deeply antithetical to all that the EU stands for .
Why should it matter if mavericks give the EU a good kicking from time to time ?
True , the parliament has powers over EU legislation that will be further increased if the Lisbon treaty is ratified , but for the most part its loonier fringes can be safely ignored by their saner colleagues .
Brussels has got around such trifles as negative opinion polls and even lost referendums : witness the unwanted EU constitution , now cross-dressed as the somewhat - less - awful Lisbon treaty .
Indeed , from a liberal point of view , the freshly kicked Eurocrats might be less inclined to impose yet more unwanted bureaucracy on a continent already mired in red tape .
But once you look at some of the things that the kickers want to introduce , the picture is less reassuring .
Protectionism and nationalism threaten the foundations of free - market economics .
The single market is already under attack from several governments , as is the notion of admitting Turkey to the club .
Attacks on immigration and minorities slide too easily into xenophobia , racism and homophobia .
Extremist parties across Europe must be resisted because they are a danger not just to the EU but to basic civil liberties .
And is it so helpful to smash the institutions of the EU ?
Bodies such as the European Commission and the European Central Bank do not have the longevity or legitimacy that attach to their national counterparts .
Yet some parts of the commission have been the doughtiest fighters for both free trade and enlargement .
The ECB is one of Europe 's successes : as our special report in this issue argues , the euro has proved a haven in the economic crisis — so much so that no country seriously wants to leave it and plenty want to join .
But the ECB was recently attacked by Mrs Merkel , supposedly the guardian of its independence .
If European institutions operate without firm political support , it is fanciful to hope that they will remain strong enough to take sometimes unpopular decisions .
And many of the causes that may suffer will be liberal ones .
It is not hard to see why so many Europeans chose to boycott these elections .
But they may come to regret that choice .
It was predictable , ruthless , alarming , intended to put the fear of God – yes , God indeed – into his enemies .
" The time for competition is over , " the Supreme Leader told us .
" If street protests do n't stop , there will be other consequences ...
They will be held accountable for all the violence and blood and rioting ...
There will be a reaction . "
It was a threat .
Enough is enough .
Or else .
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei was Thomas Cromwell yesterday , praising those he loathed with just enough directness for the recipient to know that a Supreme Leader 's anger will embrace a senior cleric or two .
When he expressed his admiration for Ali Akbar Rafsanjani 's revolutionary credentials and added that " nobody has accused this gentleman of corruption " – who said they had ?
– you knew exactly what he meant .
Think profits from pistachio nuts and the Tehran Metro .
And when Khamenei said that " those who voted for these four candidates will have their rewards from God Almighty " , you knew that most would not be rewarded with the president of their choice .
If it had n't been so frightening , the Friday prayers sermon at Tehran University might have contained a perverse humour .
" The Islamic establishment , " Khamenei solemnly announced , " will never manipulate people 's votes . "
If the margin between Ahmadinejad and Mousavi had been 100,000 or 200,000 votes , perhaps one might believe it , he explained .
" But when the difference is 11 million votes , how can vote - rigging happen ? "
But that was just the point , was n't it ?
That Ahmadinejad 's awesome majority did indeed cast the whole shebang into doubt .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
And our favourite divine went on .
Of course the vote was fair – because the turnout ( 85 per cent ? ) was so high .
This was religious democracy , not the corrupt Western version .
" Some people wanted to show the election as a national defeat , but it was the highest turnout in the world . "
And of course , if the people did rashly take to the streets once more , " terrorists " – it 's always good to hear Iran 's religious elite use the West 's favourite cliché – " might be hiding among the masses " .
It was a sliding scale from there .
Perhaps some of these people were working for foreign espionage services , for the Zionists , for that " most treacherous enemy " , the British .
Obama got short shrift , but his Cairo speech had clearly allowed us Brits to take over as Great Satan .
The Supreme Leader did n't like all the pre-election television debates – one felt a twinge of warmth towards this eminent man of the cloth when he admitted he had nonetheless enjoyed them ( we all did ) – but where does this leave Mirhossein Mousavi and his allies and the million Iranians who marched through Tehran on Sunday ?
They were about to become enemies of the people , enemies of the revolution .
It 's one thing to say – as Mousavi 's loyalists have done consistently – that their protest is only against a fraudulent vote and the awful Ahmadinejad , not against the Supreme Leader .
But now this Islamic Thomas Becket has set himself up alongside Ahmadinejad , the demonstrators have found themselves confronting the power of the Islamic Republic , a pretty unsatisfactory state of affairs .
But the Supreme Leader is not a stupid man .
So why did he glue himself to Ahmadinejad ?
Could it be he is worried about another very powerful clergyman who lives in the golden - domed city of Qom , a certain Ayatollah Yazdi who has long feted and praised the aforesaid Mahmoud Ahmadinejad ?
And is it possible – it is , by the way – that Ayatollah Yazdi would very much like to be the next Supreme Leader ?
Good reason then for Khamenei to stand by the President who insisted a halo shone around his head when he addressed the UN .
Because the fundamental conflict in Iran is being fought not on the streets of Tehran – a mere tragic , brutal sideshow that could soon become a bloodbath – but beneath the cupolas and minarets and pale blue tiles of the mosques of Qom .
The Gerbz , who is co-founder of today 's Toronto Freedom Festival , has an extensive background in the music and club industry .
Nneka is a singer with the band Gryffyn , which is performing in the festival 's songwriters ' circle .
Abi is the owner of Roach - O - Rama , the fun spot for hemp fashion in Toronto at 191A Baldwin St. in Kensington Market .
None of the three uses a surname .
All of them wear hemp .
And they 're at Queen 's Park today for the freedom festival , this city 's third annual instalment .
It runs from noon to 8 p.m. but the big attraction is the 11th annual Global Marijuana March at 2 p.m .
The march takes place in more than 200 cities worldwide and last year 's Toronto version attracted at least 20,000 supporters .
The festival celebrates freedom through seven areas showcasing musicians , deejays , filmmakers , poets , vendors , artists , exhibitors and representatives from various medical , charitable and political organizations .
But back to Roach - O - Rama and hemp fashion .
It is not just about Woody Harrelson riding a bike while wearing a scratchy shirt .
Hemp does have sandpapery properties if it comes from Thailand .
But Romanian hemp is soft and cuddly .
The Gerbz sports a hemp hat ; Nneka stocks up on totes here ; and Abi is wearing an LBD made out of hemp from her shop .
" It 's $ 90 , " Abi says .
" They came in and flew out the door .
It looks great with a jean jacket and at night with leopard skin tights and emu feathers in my hair .
I can go from hippie to high fashion in black hemp . "
Abi also stocks candy and features a cafe , the Hot Box , at the back – because shopping can work up an appetite – but figures that 20 per cent of the sales is clothing .
She carries hemp wear for kids , men and women : hoodies , tees , shirts , sweaters , pants , trench coats , even hemp shoes with recycled tire treads for soles .
" Pony and Adidas make hemp shoes , " she points out .
The shop carries both men's and women's hemp shoes , the shoe styles ranging from $ 50 flip flops to $ 150 wedge sandals with cork heels .
The flip flops also have recycled tire treads on the bottom .
" They last forever , " Abi claims .
There are no local manufacturers for the hemp fabric , she says .
The hemp comes from Romania , Thailand and China but there are Canadian companies such as Effort 's and American ones such as Ecolution that design and make the clothing .
Her demographic is all over the place : From senior citizens and aging hippies to the young , hip skater kids .
" I have graphic tees for kids and I have nice cardigans and cute clothes my mom wears .
There is a lot of street and casual wear out there but there are n't that many companies that make exciting fashion in hemp .
Four years ago , Ralph Lauren did a collection of hemp suits . "
Nneka loves an Effort 's trim navy trench coat , priced at $ 70 .
" It breaks out of the boring Gap style , " Abi says .
" There are a couple of knit tops I like a lot , " Nneka adds .
" I like the breathability of hemp .
I would definitely wear it performing . "
Says Gerbz : " All the stuff I tried on ( for the Star photographer ) I would wear .
The jacket I tried on is like a Don Johnson Miami Vice - wannabe jacket . "
It is only $ 90 .
The prices are reasonable .
A striped cotton tunic reflecting this season 's hot boho trend is $ 30 .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" The knit hemp sweaters are $ 100 , fairly on par with a sweater at The Bay , " Abi says .
" A men 's button - up shirt is $ 80 .
Nepalese hemp from Thailand is less .
A Thai hemp jacket runs $ 90 . "
Ecolution 's hemp comes from Romania and is fine , almost like linen .
Ecolution 's men's shirts are $ 100 .
Hoodies by Effort 's are a blend of Chinese hemp and cotton and cost $ 50 .
A Michelle Obama - esque sleeveless shift dress in a Chinese hemp / cotton blend is under $ 100 .
Abi also carries hemp hats , ball caps , tote bags , passport - size bags , purses and 50 - kilo burlap laundry bags that are only $ 10 .
They are dandy for curtains , she says .
She opened Roach - O - Rama in 2000 when she was only 20 .
" I'm entrepreneurial , " she explains .
" When I was 14 years old , I made beaded jewellery and sold it at Queen and Soho .
" A woman taught me to make hemp jewellery and it sold like hotcakes .
Then the city gave me a fine and kicked me off the street .
I went to a Santana concert that night and I had my jewellery with me ; I sold off all my jewellery in 20 minutes .
" I did that for years , trading and bartering .
It 's all about marketing – whether it is selling crack on the corner or high - end Gucci shoes . "
Roach - O - Rama is a major sponsor of Toronto Freedom Festival .
" It 's my target market , " Abi says .
" It 's all about artwork , fashion , music , events .
I like to support people with what I do .
I worked at Chapters when I was 17 and I took things away from that .
I 'm open 363 days a year and it's always busy ; it 's a real tourist haunt in the summer .
People are buying hemp shirts and pipes . "
But no alcohol ; Roach - O - Rama is not licensed .
" There are a million and one bars out there but only one Hot Box .
We serve sandwiches , salads , smoothies , espresso and good munchies .
It 's healthy , well - balanced food .
I 'm from Israel , so I 'm all about cheese and veggies . "
The Gerbz encourages people to order from the menu of hemp .
The freedom festival 's goal , he says , is reflected in clothing choices .
" People should be themselves as long as they are not infringing on other people 's space , " he explains .
" We can enjoy our freedom to express ourselves and clothing is a form of expression .
" With environmentally conscious clothing like hemp , you can express yourself in style and also make a green decision . "
Read more about :
A prehistoric complex including two 6,000 - year - old tombs representing some of the earliest monuments built in Britain has been discovered by a team led by a Kingston University archaeologist .
Dr Helen Wickstead and her colleagues were stunned and delighted to find the previously undiscovered Neolithic tombs , also known as long barrows , at a site at Damerham , Hampshire .
Some artefacts , including fragments of pottery and flint and stone tools , have already been recovered and later in the summer a team of volunteers will make a systematic survey of the site , recovering and recording any artefacts that have been brought to the surface by ploughing .
Dr Wickstead said that further work would help to reveal more about the Neolithic era .
“ We hope that scientific methods will allow us to record these sites before they are completely eroded , ” she said .
“ If we can excavate , we ’ll be able to say a lot more about Neolithic people in that area and find out things like who was buried there , what kinds of lives they led , and what the environment was like six thousand years ago . ”
She said the find was particularly rare because it was close to Cranborne Chase , one of the most thoroughly researched prehistoric areas in Europe .
“ I was really excited .
It ’s rare to find sites of this kind and the tombs are likely to be of national importance , ” said Dr Wickstead .
” What ’s really extraordinary is the location – it ’s one of the most famous prehistoric landscapes , a mecca for prehistorians , and you would have thought the archaeological world would have gone over it with a fine tooth comb . ”
Dr Wickstead , a visiting researcher in the Faculty of Science , is also project manager of Damerham Archaeology Project , an educational body set up last year to discover more about the archaeology of the area around Damerham village .
The importance of the site at Damerham first emerged in 2003 when English Heritage spotted crop marks – which can indicate buried archaeological sites - on aerial photographs of the area .
Dr Wickstead volunteered to begin geophysical tests of the area and it was while her team was planning the work that Martyn Barber , a member of the Damerham Archaeology Project , looked at a Windows Live Map of the area to find the car park where he was due to meet his colleagues and was astonished to see another tomb a few hundred metres from the first .
“ To find any new monuments of this date still visible as humps on the ground is unusual , ” said Dr Wickstead , “ But to find two is fantastic – we were flabbergasted . ”
Work on the site is in its early stages but Dr Wickstead said the tombs may contain human bones , while nearby there are cropmark traces of some larger circular enclosures which may have been built at the same time as the prehistoric monument at Stonehenge , which is 15 miles away .
In Neolithic times , a ritual burial involved leaving a body out so the flesh would decay .
Some of the bones were later put in a tomb , or relatives may even have kept some bones as a special talisman .
” We do n’t know whether these sites contained chambers with bones in them - some long barrows never contained bones at all , rather like cenotaphs today .
We may also find that any chambers have been destroyed by ploughing – only by excavating could we find out for sure , ” said Dr Wickstead .
She said her team were sensitive to the emotions stirred by discovering human remains .
“ The recovery of ancient human remains is always handled sensitively , ” said Dr Wickstead .
“ We feel respect for the dead people we study , and we treat their remains , with care . ”
BEIJING 
There was a time when the story of the 21 - year - old waitress who fatally stabbed a Communist Party official as he tried to force himself on her would have never left the rural byways of Hubei Province where it took place .
Instead , her arrest last month on suspicion of voluntary manslaughter erupted into an online furor that turned her into a national hero and reverberated all the way to China ’s capital , where censors ordered incendiary comments banned .
Local Hubei officials even restricted television coverage and tried to block travel to the small town where the assault occurred .
On Tuesday , a Hubei court granted the woman , Deng Yujiao , an unexpectedly swift victory , ruling that she had acted in self - defense and freeing her without criminal penalties .
The case of Ms. Deng is only the most recent and prominent of several cases in which the Internet has cracked open a channel for citizens to voice mass displeasure with official conduct , demonstrating its potential as a catalyst for social change .
I 've put some photos up of the tour , look at them with your eyes right here
Want the 50 M bps speeds that Verizon 's FiOS service can provide , but do n't want to spend $ 144.95 ( one - year contract ) or $ 164.95 ( month - to - month ) that Verizon charges in most markets ?
Earlier this month , an ISP in California called DSL Extreme announced that it would offer 50 M bps fiber access for $ 99.95 a month across 17 states .
What the company did not say in the release , but later confirmed to us , is that DSL Extreme is one of the first wholesalers of FiOS Internet service .
While federal " line - sharing " requirements in the US died some years ago , telcos still voluntarily sell all sorts of wholesale services to smaller ISPs , mostly in the form of last - mile DSL links .
Such offerings can make it difficult to be price competitive with the telco's own Internet service , but DSL Extreme is one of the largest wholesale partners for both AT&T and Verizon , so it can leverage its scale to get a better deal .
I spoke with George Mitsopoulos , the VP and general manager of the company , who said that DSL Extreme is large enough that it actually offers wholesale Internet connections of its own to hundreds of small ISPs across the country , in addition to selling its own services .
That scale means that DSL Extreme does intend to compete with Verizon on the price of fiber for its new " Fiber Extreme " product .
Its initial offerings , including 10 M bps links for $ 39.95 and 50 M bps connections for $ 99.95 — are priced at the dreaded " introductory rate , " but Mitsopoulos tells me that the rate is good for one year and will only increase by five bucks when it comes time to renew .
Compared to Verizon 's own rates , the prices are a good deal , but DSL Extreme can't offer access to Verizon 's TV or VoIP services .
Customers who want those features can still get them , but this requires a second bill directly from Verizon .
And when it comes to price , Verizon is perfectly capable of lowering its own prices , too .
It has already done so in some markets , offering 50 M bps fiber connections for $ 90 in places like New York and Virginia .
That 's why DSL Extreme also wants to compete on customer service , and on services ( it offers Exchange hosted e-mail , for instance , support for Outlook , SharePoint , and the Blackberry , and Google Apps support ) .
The company 's call centers and support operations are all based in the US , with the main call center in Los Angeles — a fact the company trumpets proudly on its website and that Mitsopoulos tells me is an excellent sales tool .
With the death of line - sharing rules , reselling Internet service has been largely a niche business when set against the size of the telcos and cable companies .
Still , if reselling wholesale FiOS can be a viable business , more power to ISPs like DSL Extreme .
They have a chance to differentiate themselves on good customer service , unique features , and ( for the moment ) price .
In today 's economy , that sounds like a better proposition than ever .
Nadir Mohamed , the chief executive of Rogers Communications Inc. , today defended the company 's wireless pricing and reiterated his focus on improving customer service as a host of new wireless competitors prepare to enter the market .
He said Rogers ' prices for wireless data services , a huge growth area for the industry , are " in sync " with what subscribers need to make use of the current generation of smartphones , including Apple Inc. 's iPhone and Research In Motion Ltd. 's line of BlackBerry devices .
" I think we are now , at this stage , pricing ahead of the curve , " Mohamed said during a keynote speech at the Canadian Telecom Summit in Toronto .
While wireless data prices have been falling in Canada over the past year , some observers suggest that the pricing tactics of Rogers and rivals Bell Canada Inc. and Telus Corp. continue to limit the widespread adoption of mobile services in this country .
Only about 70 per cent of Canadians currently own cellphones , while far fewer own high - end smartphones .
By contrast , wireless penetration rates in some European countries are over 100 per cent .
The federal government cited the need for more competition and lower prices when it designed last year 's auction of wireless airwaves — a move that resulted in the creation of several new wireless companies .
Public Mobile , Globalive Wireless and DAVE Wireless have all pledged to have services up and running by late this year or early 2010 .
The issue of wireless data pricing at Rogers exploded a year ago as the cable giant prepared to introduce the iPhone 3G in Canada .
Rogers ' initial iPhone pricing was met with harsh criticism from consumers who were concerned they would n't be able to use the device 's extensive data features .
In the face of an online petition , Rogers switched gears and created a special data package that offered prospective iPhone users 6 gigabytes of data for $ 30 a month .
While Mohamed said that Rogers " learned its lesson " during its iPhone roll out , he noted that the company 's data a year later shows that 95 per cent of iPhone subscribers use less than 500 megabytes of data while 99 per cent use less than 1 gigabyte .
As a result , he said the company intends to make use of similar promotional pricing in the future in order to allow customers to test the features of new devices without fear of incurring a hefty wireless bill .
" It 's mostly about taking away the discomfort . "
Rogers recently reintroduced its $ 30 for 6 gigabytes plan for a limited time in conjunction with release of new Google Android - powered devices and the latest version of the iPhone , which will go on sale later this month .
Mohamed painted a picture of a maturing wireless industry in Canada , saying that the future is going to be all about mobile Internet and that wireless data will increasingly become a driver of sales at Rogers .
That includes a focus on mobile commerce , with Rogers , Bell and Telus jointly launching today a service called Zoompass that will allow wireless subscribers to transfer money to one another .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" It 's the beginning of something that will revolutionize the industry . "
He also said that Rogers sees a big opportunity to improve customer service , noting that he recently put in place a policy that ties managers ' bonuses to improvements in resolving customer complaints .
Exclusive to STR
On March 7 , 2009 , during a city council meeting in Duncanville , Texas , Councilman Paul Ford stood up to protest the city 's new red light cameras .
He wanted to amend the city code to allow a jury trial for motorists who contested tickets issued by the cameras , and had previously clashed with the mayor , David Green , over the issue .
Instead of allowing Ford to have his say , Mayor Green turned off the audio on the chamber 's video recorder and ordered the police chief to remove the councilmember .
Ford was dragged from the room and had to be treated for injuries sustained in the arrest .
Elsewhere in Texas , an anonymous tipster led a Solid Waste Services officer to the doors of the warehouse of the Rhizome Collective , a nonprofit organization in Austin .
The warehouse had been built in 1952 , but because the owners had made a few modifications to the structure , the city government demanded that the building be brought up to 2009 code specifications .
Austin gave the owners one month to either sell the property , or hire contractors to assess the potential cost and apply for the permits to make repairs .
Even if the permits were granted , the owners would have a mere 60 days to fix the violations or face a daunting series of fines .
Members of the Rhizome Collective were forced to vacate the property after they were unable to meet the demands of the city .
The collective had been a community leader in training citizens how to live sustainably and self - sufficiently in an urban environment .
Then there was the raid by Texas Child Protective Services against a community of Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints members in Eldorado , Texas in April of last year .
Acting on an anonymous tip that later turned out to be a hoax , Texas police raided the compound , removed all 533 children , and placed them in state custody whether or not they had anything to do with the allegations of abuse .
While in their custody , the Texas CPS forced the children to submit to DNA tests , as well as physical and psychological examinations .
A letter sent to the prosecutor by some of the children 's mothers read , in part , ' the physical examinations were horrifying to the children .
The exposure to these conditions is traumatizing .'
After all was said and done , the Texas Supreme Court ruled that the FLDS children had been taken without due cause and ordered them returned to their parents .
One of the abducted women , who the Texas CPS claimed to be a minor , was actually 22 years old .
Half of the alleged teen mothers turned out to be adults , and at least one had never been pregnant at all .
In August 2003 , the city of Balch Springs , Texas , told a group of senior citizens they were n't allowed to pray before meals or sing gospel songs at the city - owned senior center .
None of the activities had been sanctioned by city employees , and the prayer had been voluntary .
The seniors sued , won , and the court decision compelled the Balch Springs City Council to ' adopt a policy that will permit speakers to address center members without regard to the content or viewpoint of the address . '
Imagine , being forced to recognize the fundamental right of free speech !
For a state whose residents are so adamant about loving liberty , we can see that Texas is not immune from the creeping hand of government .
The aforementioned incidences are frightening examples of state power run amok , and although they all happened in Texas , they could have come from any state in the US .
Luckily , two of these four examples ended with a court upholding the rights of the victims ( an increasingly rare occurrence ) , but imagine what this government would do without that basic check on its power ?
The examples of Councilman Ford , the Rhizome Collective , the FLDS raid , and the seniors in Balch Springs illustrate exactly what would happen ' and what naturally happens ' when the actions of government officials are not restrained .
If a small town mayor has no qualms about arresting and forcibly removing a political rival over a disagreement about red light cameras , imagine what he would do if he had the power to abolish freedom of speech altogether ?
Can it be assumed that he would even hesitate if doing so was to his advantage ?
Unfortunately , governments no longer need to directly abridge our basic liberties ; they bind our ability to exercise them in bureaucratic red tape .
In the case of the Rhizome Collective , the city of Austin went above and beyond subterfuge to shut down the collective .
They simply made it virtually impossible for the warehouse owners to comply with their regulations .
The lesson learned from these four incidences is that anyone who is not dependent on the state , or who teaches independence to others , is a threat to the state 's growing monopoly over our daily lives .
Moreover , as we have seen with the raid on the FLDS , government officials will not hesitate to lie if it furthers their agenda .
Anonymous calls are used to justify invading the privacy of citizens , and layers upon layers of regulations control dissent .
Even city council members are subject to arrest if they speak out against something as simple as tickets issued by red light cameras without the option of a jury trial .
If unchecked , an activist state will impose itself on every area of our lives .
While bureaucrats already , to some extent , tell us who we can marry and what we can do to our own property , now they want to tell us where we can pray and when we can protest .
Like a thief in the night , once they gain entrance to your home , they help themselves to all inside .
We must lock the door and throw away the key before it is too late .
Bored with that plain old black DualShock 3 ?
Ready for something new and exciting ?
Well according to Sony ’s Twitter the silver DS3 is now available at GameStop .
It will run you $ 54.99 the same price as a new black DS3 .
Now , silver is cool , but I am still holding out for the lilac Hanna Montana DS3 to match my PSP .
Technology.am ( May 29 , 2009 ) — Google unveiled an early version of a collaboration and communication tool , Wave for developers , which unites features from e-mail , instant messaging , blogging , wikis , multimedia management and document sharing .
Wave has the potential to drive people away from popular Google products like Gmail , Google Docs , Google Talk , Picasa , Blogger and Sites , as well as from similar products from competitors like Yahoo , Microsoft and AOL .
Google Wave is an open - source version of Gmail constructed via instant messaging .
To start a wave , two users start what is essentially an instant - message session , which can be archived as a conversation .
Other users can then be invited to join each wave or conversation , and there ’s even a “ playback ” feature to track the process of the conversation .
A tool called “ Bloggy ” lets you to publish the entire wave , which can itself be updated like a normal wave .
Google will provide APIs so that developers can integrate their own code in to Google Wave .
One of the ones demonstrated was with Twitter .
The “ Searchy ” and “ Linky ” tools will allow embedded links and real - time search .
Google has come up with extensions called robots , which are embedded tools .
Gartner analyst Ken Dulaney is also very impressed with Wave , and said this is one of the best product concepts I ’ve seen in the past five years .
It ’s clear that Wave represents a significant evolution for Internet communications , particularly e-mail and IM , and Gmail users will in time migrate to Wave , he said .
However , Wave ’s appeal extends beyond e-mail and IM , since it also offers a wide variety of other functionality , like blogs , wikis , photo management and document collaboration , and can be extended broadly by third parties thanks to its open architecture and APIs , he said .
Get Connected : What Is Guest Wifi and How Does It Work ?
When people visit your home or walk into your office , one of the first questions they ask is “ what ’s your wifi password ? ” .
It would be nice if it were possible to access the internet 24/7 , but when you ’re traveling you ’re going to have to find your own way to connect .
Guest wifi could make it easier for visitors to your home to connect to the internet .
Are you curious about what guest wifi is , and why so many organizations and individuals have guest networks of their own ?
Keep reading for a quick rundown of everything you need to know about guest wifi .
What Is Guest Wifi ?
If you take a look at your phone when you ’re out running errands , you may notice names network names like time warner wifi or a wifi network named after a popular local business pop up as possible networks to connect to .
When you see those networks pop up on your device , you ’re most likely encountering guest networks .
Guest wifi can give people access to the internet without having to give them your regular internet password , or access to important information on your main network .
You can dedicate certain routers to providing guests internet access .
You can also limit certain features and capabilities to people that are using your guest network .
In the past businesses were the primary user of guest networks , but now , plenty of people have guest networks in their own homes .
What Are the Benefits of Using Guest Networks ?
Guest networks provide benefits for both the owner of the network and the guests that connect to it .
Guest networks give users an easy to access a network with needing to do little to no setup on their end .
Depending on network configurations , they can also access other important things on your network like files and printers .
It can also give network owners extra security .
You wo n’t have to give out your network ’s main password to visitors .
Giving out your main password to too many people can open you up to security risks .
This is why guest networks are often used by businesses .
They can easily allow people visiting the office to access the internet , but they do n’t have to worry about giving them access to their secure network .
Tips for Using Guest Wifi
If you want to use guest wifi in your own home , you can get started almost immediately .
Your router may already have the ability to host different networks .
You can check your router ’s settings to see what you need to do to set everything up .
Some routers can only support one guest network at a time .
If you happen to have a business - class router , you may have the ability to set up multiple guest networks on your device .
When you create your guest network name , you may want to make it something easy to remember like the name of your regular network with a number , or the name of your regular network followed by _guest .
If you want to keep your network extremely secure , consider changing the password after you have people visit .
A password that changes periodically can make your network less vulnerable to cyber attacks .
Keep Learning
As you can see , having guest wifi has a variety of benefits .
You ’ll be able to keep your network secure and give people a simple way to access the internet in your home .
Do you want to learn more about internet security and the best way to stay tech - savvy at home ?
Keep browsing the content on our site so you can keep up with trends in tech .
The number and gee-whizness of features Sun Microsystems is putting into updates to both the Solaris 10 commercial operating system and the related OpenSolaris development release of Solaris are slowing .
That 's the best indication that Nevada - the code name for Solaris Next or Solaris 11 or whatever you want to call it - is getting closer to release .
Closer does n't mean close , however .
According to sources speaking to The Reg , Sun is quietly telling customers that Solaris 11 is targeted for launch sometime around the middle of 2010 .
But they add that Sun is also telling customers that this date is " not set in stone , " and depends on the development effort , market conditions , and Sun 's status as a unit of Oracle - or as a freestanding company should Oracle 's $ 5.6 bn acquisition of Sun evaporate .
Sun has n't said much publicly about Solaris 11 's launch date .
But as we reported back in October when the Solaris 10 10/08 update was put out , Dan Roberts , director of marketing for Solaris , said that after a few releases of the OpenSolaris Project Indiana distro were out and the feature set was expanded , Sun would take a snapshot of OpenSolaris and harden it into the commercial release - which people will call Solaris 11 even if Sun calls it something else .
The expectation - and undoubtedly the desire of Sun - is to get the launch of Solaris 11 and its Rock 16 - core UltraSparc - RK processors into synch .
That does n't seem to be happening , however , unless Rock - based systems are pushed out to the middle of next year or Solaris 11 is pulled into this year .
Neither of these seem to be the plan , however .
The last time Sun talked publicly about Rock , back in January , Sun 's president and CEO said that Rock - based Supernova servers were expected by year 's end .
If they do appear by then , they 'll come to market anywhere from 12 to 18 months from their original expected launch date .
While Oracle has been clear to Sun 's employees that it will keep Sun 's hardware business going , that does n't mean schedules and priorities wo n't shift .
So until this deal is done - or undone - it is hard to say when any Sun product , be it hardware or software , will appear .
In the meantime , Sun continues to kick out semi-annual updates to the current Solaris 10 commercial release , and today the 5/09 update appeared .
You can get the release notes for the update here .
Many of the features that Sun talked about in an interview are not in this document , so it 's by no means a comprehensive release note .
While the October update had support for Intel 's Nehalem EP Xeon 5500 processors , today 's 5/09 brings out a richer set of support , including all the tweaks for predictive self - healing and power management that were rolled into OpenSolaris 2008.11 last fall .
The Reg already went over the Nehalem - specific features in detail back when the Xeon 5500s launched at the end of March .
It is not clear if the Solaris 5/09 update has support for the six - core Istanbul Opteron chips that AMD pulled forward last week by several months , with chip shipments now scheduled to start in May to OEM customers and servers packing the six - shooters expected to hit the streets in June .
Sun was still checking on Istanbul support as we went to press .
In addition to the Xeon 5500 enhancements , the Solaris 10 5/09 update has tweaks in support of the logical domain ( LDom ) virtualization partitions used on Niagara Sparc T processors , allowing virtual disks to be larger than 1 TB .
LDom virtual networking also supports jumbo frames , which can be used to boost virtual network throughput .
Sun 's Zettabyte File System ( ZFS ) , which was made the root directory for Solaris 10 with the prior update , has various tweaks from the open storage projects at OpenSolaris to increase the performance of solid state disks ( SSDs ) when used on Sun 's Sparc and x64 servers as well as other x64 machines .
Sun has also integrated the process of cloning Solaris containers with ZFS file cloning , allowing them to be done in one fell swoop .
This is not only simpler and faster , it also gets rid of the whole problem of having to de-dupe files once you make a clone of a container .
ZFS does that all by itself . ®
By Stephen Leahy
UXBRIDGE , Canada , May 21 ( IPS ) – Continent - hopping alien species are worsening poverty and threaten the agriculture , forestry , fisheries and natural systems that underpin millions of livelihoods in developing countries , warn biodiversity experts .
“ The livelihoods for 90 percent of people in Africa directly rely on natural resources such as marine coastal biodiversity , ” said Ahmed Djoghlaf , executive secretary of the Convention on Biological Diversity ( CBD ) .
“ Around the world more than 1.6 billion people depend directly on forests for their survival , ” he told IPS from Montreal .
Biodiversity is not just fuzzy animals and pretty birds .
It is the diversity of life on Earth that comprises ecosystems which in turn provide vital ecosystem services including food , fibre , clean water and air .
“ Biodiversity is poor countries ’ most precious asset , ” Djoghlaf stressed .
Alien species are plant , animal , insect and other species that have been introduced outside of their natural habitats .
They have become one of the two or three major drivers behind the current extinction crisis .
Today , one in four mammals is on the verge of extinction .
Of the 44,838 species catalogued by the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) , 38 percent are on their way out .
Currently , one species goes extinct every three hours .
And at least 40 percent of all animal extinctions , for which the cause is known , are the result of invasive species .
For complete story see BIODIVERSITY : Alien Species Eroding Ecosystems and Livelihoods .
Washington
WHILE President Obama ’s cap - and - trade proposal to reduce greenhouse gases has been the big topic of recent environmental debate , the White House has also been pushing a futuristic federal project to build a power plant that burns coal without any greenhouse gases .
Sounds great , right ?
Except the idea is a rehash of a proposal that went bust the first time around .
More important , the technology already exists to make huge reductions in greenhouse emissions from coal , allowing power companies to begin cutting the carbon footprint of coal today .
Instead , advanced - technology coal power sits on the shelf while regulators wait to see what happens with a project that may be just an expensive boondoggle .
The big project , a public - private partnership called FutureGen , was first announced by George W. Bush in 2003 .
Dreading facing up to the problem of greenhouse gases from electricity generation , the Bush White House suggested that decisions should wait while FutureGen developed a coal - fired power with no emissions .
FutureGen ’s administrators spent five years on studies , proposals and studies of studies , but never broke ground for a test installation .
Then , in a fit of integrity , the Department of Energy decided the project should be put in Illinois , a Democratic state  Midwestern coal is high in carbon , making this a logical choice  rather than in Republican Texas , which the White House preferred .
The administration promptly canceled financing for FutureGen .
But this month , Energy Secretary Steven Chu announced he was reviving the project , hinting that the ultimate cost may run to billions of dollars .
Accused TJX hacker kingpin Albert Gonzalez called his credit card theft ring " Operation Get Rich or Die Tryin . "
He spent $ 75,000 on a birthday party for himself and once complained that he had to manually count $ 340,000 in pilfered $ 20 bills because his counting machine broke .
But while Gonzalez apparently lived high off ill - gotten gains , a programmer who claims he earned nothing from the scheme sits broke and unemployed , his career in shambles , while awaiting sentencing for a piece of software he crafted for his friend .
These and other new details have emerged in court documents filed in the case of 25 - year - old Stephen Watt , a minor participant in what the feds are calling " the largest identity theft in our Nation 's history . "
The documents include a sentencing memorandum filed by prosecutors seeking five years in prison and three years of court supervision for Watt , and a counter - argument from attorneys representing the New York man .
Watt , a 7 - foot - tall software engineer who was working for Morgan Stanley at the time the hacks occurred , pleaded guilty in December to creating a sniffing program dubbed " blabla " that Gonzalez and others allegedly used to steal millions of credit and debit card numbers from TJX and other companies .
He 's scheduled to be sentenced Monday , though his lawyer , Michael Farkas , told Threat Level this will likely be delayed .
" Stephen 's take on this is that he accepts responsibility for aiding people that he knew would commit wrongdoing , " Farkas tells Threat Level .
" However , he is very disturbed by the government 's aggressive attempt to make him into more than what he is . "
Farkas asserts that Watt was merely a peripheral player in the scheme , driven by intellectual curiosity and friendship , not criminal gain .
The lawyer is seeking a sentence of probation for the programmer , who is free on bail .
Watt was ignorant of the use to which his best friend would put the custom packet sniffer , and was the only one of Gonzalez 's co-conspirators who had " a budding career and a bright future , " Farkas writes in his filing .
While Watt was finishing college and securing his first job , Gonzalez was advancing his criminal enterprise .
Prosecutors , though , beg to differ , wielding more than 300 pages of chat logs exchanged with Gonzalez during the year before TJX was breached in May 2006 .
The two talked daily through phone and instant messaging , authorities say , sharing " all their exploits : sexual , narcotic and hacking . "
" You have got to convince typedeaf to do some work for me , " Gonzalez wrote Watt at one point , referencing the handle of another hacker .
" If he was able to hack some euro dumps we can make a fortune .
I hacked a place and took ~30 k euro dumps and this last week I made ~ 11 k from only selling ~ 968 dumps . "
( Dumps are the underground 's term for credit or debit card magstripe data , including account numbers . )
During this time , Watt wrote customized code to help Gonzalez breach networks , including the " blabla " sniffer , which was stored on a server in Latvia and used to steal tens of millions of credit and debit cards from TJX in 2006 and from Dave & Buster 's in 2007 .
According to court documents , the Secret Service recovered 27.5 million stolen numbers from a server in Ukraine and 16.3 million numbers from a server in Latvia .
The breach cost TJX $ 200 million according to its 2009 SEC filing .
As Gonzalez and his gang allegedly hacked target after target , he sent Watt links to news stories describing a tidal wave of debit fraud spreading around the world , though he did n't acknowledge in this correspondence that he was behind the attacks .
Prosecutors did n't respond to Threat Level 's inquiries , but they do n't allege that Watt received money for the software he wrote , or directly profited from the hacks .
Instead the government says that Watt witnessed the ill - gotten gains and knew what his code was producing .
He attended the $ 75,000 birthday party Gonzalez threw for himself , and discussed launching a nightclub with Gonzalez 's backing .
Gonzalez worried that because his money was mostly in cash , it would draw suspicion to the club .
He offered to produce a check for $ 300,000 that would make the transaction appear more legitimate .
Watt , a " weightlifting fiend " whom Farkas calls a " prime physical specimen , " met Gonzalez online when he was still in high school .
Gonzalez was three years older .
The lawyer depicts
Watt as an introvert with few close friends who was obsessed with computers .
The two shared a fascination with network security and vulnerabilities , Farkas says .
Watt graduated from high school at 16 with a 4.37 grade point average and from college at 19 .
Though it 's unacknowledged by the prosecution and defense , Watt was once known in hacker circles as " Jim Jones " and " Unix Terrorist . "
In the late 1990s and early 2000s , that hacker was part of a band of self - proclaimed black hats that opposed the publication of security vulnerabilities and resisted the hacking scene 's shift from recreational network intrusions to legitimate security research .
" I figured out his name years ago , Stephen Huntley Watt , and then the guy wound up getting indicted on the TJ Maxx thing , " says former hacker Kevin Mitnick .
Under the rubric Project Mayhem , the gang managed to hack into the accounts of a number of prominent " white hat " hackers and publish their private files and e-mails .
At the 2002 DefCon hacker conference , Watt took the stage with two friends to personally share some of the hacked e-mails .
In a profile in Phrack Magazine in 2007 , " Unix Terrorist " reflected on the old days .
" Looking back on my involvement in computers , I am very happy that the peak of my activity occurred right during the turn of the 20th century , " he wrote .
" Hacking was no longer as simple as manual labor ( wardialing , etc. ) but finding vulnerabilities and writing exploits and tools was not exactly as tedious and prohibitively time - consuming as it is currently .
To say that I would rather commit seppuku than adapt to the challenges of a changing world by auditing code for SQL injection vulnerabilities and client - side browser exploits is not an exaggeration . "
While still a teen , Farkas says , Watt worked for Florida software firm Identitech and then for Qualys , a computer security firm .
He was hired by Morgan Stanley in 2004 earning $ 90,000 as a software engineer .
A spokesman for Qualys says that Watt worked only as an intern in the summer of 2002 while still in school .
After Watts moved to New York , his lifestyle changed .
He began experimenting with drugs and hanging out in clubs .
He left Morgan Stanley in 2007 for a higher paying job at Imagine Software , developing real - time trading programs for financial firms , earning about $ 130,000 .
That is , until August 13 , 2008 , when authorities swooped into his work place to search the premises .
Watt was promptly fired and is now banned from working in the securities industry .
He 's now married and unemployed , living in an apartment his mother paid off and prohibited from using a computer .
" Watt will have to start over , and hope that his skills not only will land him on his feet , " Farkas writes in his filing , " but that they will do so in a field that is at least somewhat as financially promising as the career that he has lost . "
( Updated with response from Qualys . )
* Photo courtesy of Michael Farkas .
Kevin Poulsen contributed to this report .
*
See also :
Of the 2,500 who volunteered to join the fight against Franco 's fascists , only a handful survive .
Yesterday , seven of them travelled to the Spanish embassy in London to receive Spanish passports in recognition of their actions .
They tell their stories here
The BBC will unite every incarnation of Doctor Who for a one - off Children in Need special in November - with new Time Lord Matt Smith making his debut alongside William Hartnell , Patrick Troughton , Jon Pertwee , Tom Baker , Peter Davison , Colin Baker , Sylvester McCoy , Paul McGann , Christopher Eccleston and David Tennant .
That 's according to the Daily Mirror , whose BBC source described the show as " a really exciting project " and " all for a good cause " .
He told the paper : “ This is a momentous episode for all Doctor Who fans .
Never before have all the Doctors been in the same room , let alone in the same show .
“ It ’s been a logistical nightmare getting all the actors together and available for shooting on the same days .
But the script has already been started and it ’s classic Doctor Who – really witty and very sharp .
He elaborated : “ Viewers will see the Time Lords regenerating and emerging one by one from the Tardis , each with their own quirky opening line .
David Tennant is the central character in the episode .
He ’s trying to hunt down some special time travel apparatus .
“ What he ’s actually lost has not yet been decided , but the idea is for all the other Doctors to club together to help David find it . "
In case you 're wondering just how Hartnell , Pertwee and Troughton will be offering their assistance , the source explained : “ The actors who are no longer with us , William , Jon and Patrick , will make special cameo appearances , with footage from original shows being flashed up on screen . "
All the living actors participating in the one - off have waived their fees .
A BBC spokesman said that while there 's discussion of a Children in Need special , it was " too early to say " what exactly it might be . ®
Be completely comfortable with your purchase .
We have the most flexible return policy in the industry .
If you are not 100 % satisfied with your purchase , no problem - RETURN IT .
We will give you a full merchandise refund PLUS pay for the return shipping back to our warehouse .
Simply EMAIL support@weddingfavors.org within 30 days of your purchase and include the reason for your return .
We 'll take it from there .
Returns must be in the original packaging and in re-sellable condition .
Once received , you will be refunded within 3 - 5 business days for your purchase by a reversal on your credit card .
Unfortunately partial returns , edible items , personal care ( ex : flip flops , manicure sets ) & personalized items are non-refundable .
Return shipping applies only within the United States and does not apply to sample orders .
It wo n't be available en masse until the 17th of the month , but the gold build of iPhone OS 3.0 is now available to developers -- a promising sign that apps taking advantage of a wide variety of 3.0's new features ( push notifications , in - app payments , and the like ) will be available by the time it 's released to the general public .
We 've been toying around with the latest cut here and have noticed a few small changes from beta 5 ; nothing groundbreaking , but notable nonetheless .
Most importantly , iTunes is now offering movie , TV and music video downloads directly from the phone , which has caused the bottom navigation bar to be rearranged a bit .
We also noticed that the App Store 's nav bar was rearranged a bit to accommodate a " More " button where you 'll find Top 25 and Redeem links .
The Store screen in Settings now shows a nicely - formatted account information screen -- nice , we suppose -- but unfortunately , MMS configurability is still missing , so it 's unclear whether AT&T will need to push an update once it flips the switch .
Dive into the gallery for a closer look .
We continue to publish historical series of photos showing life of Soviet people in different decades of the USSR times .
For this once here comes the pictures of Russian streets at the end of 80s .
Pepsi first time in the USSR on the picture above .
See also :
Moscow Hotel “ Russia ” , Nowadays
Moscow at 80-s .
Moscow in the 60-s and 70-s
Moscow 1967
Moscow Decorated For Soviet Holidays , 1932
Moscow 1927
Prophetic Postcards Back From 1914
Moscow Flood at 1908
Moscow 1890
Moscow Now and Then
Moscow .
The Past and the Present
USSR in the 70-s , part 1
USSR in the 70-s , part 2
USSR in the 70-s , part 3
USSR in the 60-s
USSR in the 60-s
Photos From Soviet Russia
submitted by Stinger
Zainuddin was a critic of the Pakistan Taliban chief A tribal leader who opposed the head of the Taliban in Pakistan has been shot dead in the north - western Pakistani town of Dera Ismail Khan , police said .
Qari Zainuddin , 26 , who often criticised Taliban head Baitullah Mehsud , was killed by a gunman in his office early on Tuesday .
Separately , reports say six people have been killed in a missile strike by a US drone aircraft in South Waziristan .
They say at least one missile struck a known stronghold of Baitullah Mehsud .
Mehsud 's group is blamed for a number of deadly attacks in Pakistan .
Earlier this month , Zainuddin hit out at Mehsud for recent attacks in which civilians have been killed .
The fresh violence comes as the Pakistani army is preparing to launch a new offensive against Taliban fighters under Mehsud 's command .
An aide of Zainuddin who was also wounded in the attack that killed the tribal leader said a guard entered the room at Zainuddin 's office after morning prayers and opened fire .
" It was definitely Baitullah 's man who infiltrated our ranks , and he has done his job , " Baz Mohammad told the Associated Press news agency .
Zainuddin was taken to the hospital where doctors pronounced him dead .
' Not a jihad ' Earlier this month , Zainuddin criticised Mehsud after an attack on a mosque which killed 33 people .
He told Associated Press : " Whatever Baitullah Mehsud and his associates are doing in the name of Islam is not a jihad , and in fact it is rioting and terrorism " .
" Islam stands for peace , not for terrorism , " he had said .
Zainuddin's killing is being seen in Pakistan as a setback for the government in its efforts to isolate Mehsud as the security forces prepare for the next phase of their anti-Taliban offensive in the tribal areas bordering Afghanistan , says the BBC's Mike Wooldridge in Islamabad .
Earlier this month a prominent Muslim cleric who was outspoken in his opposition to the Taliban was killed in a suicide blast at his seminary in Lahore .
Correspondents say Mehsud is thought to head the most powerful group of militants in the country , with a network of alliances with other militants .
His stronghold in South Waziristan , bordering Afghanistan , is an area considered by many to be the hide - out of Osama Bin Laden .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
- by Shaman sun
Jonathon sat up from his pillow , his mother abruptly tidying his t- shirt and bed sheets as properly as one could make them appear .
“ You ’re late already , ” she scolded him , “ This is n’t for nothing , you know .
You ’d be in the living room if it were n’t for that fever . ”
“ Yes mum , ” Jonathon replied with a groggy tone .
“ Five , four , three and … ” His mother quickly dashed out of the room .
A panel at the end of the bed flickered on , and a tiny green light on the top blinked twice .
“ And that is why the oceans are studied - Ah , good morning Jon .
Glad you could join us today . ”
“ Good morning Mrs. Gimble . ”
He replied , as courteously as a 12 year old could .
“ How are you feeling ? ”
“ I ’m alright .
Little fever , but I think I ’ll manage . ”
“ Well good , we were just learning about marine biology , if you ’ll take a look . ”
Jonathon reached for a tiny notebook , which , upon opening , displayed a colorful digital screen .
Notes , postits , and moving videos of marine life neatly flowed throughout the tablet .
A line towards the bottom of the page blinked twice .
“ Here we are Jon . ”
“ Yes ma’am . ”
The single line towards the bottom of the page blinked once again , and a larger paragraph dropped down from it .
Jon placed his finger on it , wobbling the paragraph back and forth .
As the teacher read the paragraph , the words were gradually highlighted .
A tiny sphere popped up at the top of the screen .
“ Hey , this is boring .
I want to get out of class already . ”
Jon smiled and pressed his finger on the message .
A tiny keyboard virtualized on the screen , and he quickly replied .
“ Teacher is boring , as ever . ”
Mrs. Gimbles ’ voice stopped abruptly .
She could see quite easily who was chatting with whom from her Teacher Display .
Jon and David ’s nodes were blinking together , with a tiny line connecting them .
“ Now , the chatter has got to stop .
Pay attention .
Do n’t make me disable chat , Jon and David , I ’m talking to you . ”
The two quickly closed the message box .
“ As I was saying , marine biologists in recent years have been able to revolutionize ocean exploration .
With the new submarines , humans are able to go to the deepest parts of the sea .
Today , we will be joining them first hand . ”
“ If you would please put on your Vis-Life glasses and headsets , we can get to the fun part . ”
Jon quickly reached over to his night stand .
A simple , but blocky visor with connecting headphones was resting there .
He placed a finger on the earpiece , pressing it twice .
A blue light flashed three times , then went green .
He placed it over his head , and the screen powered up .
“ There we go class , David–Visor please .
Thankyou . ”
The only thing Jon could now see was black , and the only thing he could now clearly hear was his teacher ’s voice .
It sounded like she was in the same room .
“ We begin our journey crawling into Moby 7 , our handy submarine . ”
The screen suddenly was illuminated with a crystal clear video of the bow of a ship .
Below are the choppy waters of a windy day at sea .
Jon quickly is focused .
To his sensual perception , he feels he is nearly there .
The camera slips down into Moby 7 , a rather spacious submarine with a wide array of control panels , and scientists .
“ The Moby 7 is dropped down into the ocean , usually around 11 AM .
Note the time the submarine dials .
Also , note the controls and pressurization . ”
As Mrs. Gimble narrates their adventure , she is operating with the visualization , commanding popups on the screen to show her students just where everything is .
The Moby 7 makes a dashing drop into the water , and as the bubbles clear , a flood of marine life swarms around .
“ Down we go ! ”
The submarine goes deeper , and Mrs. Gimble describes in visual detail every species that they pass by , noting the depth , the pressure , the speed of the submarine .
The students are by now deeply involved in the experience .
This was the best part for Mrs. Gimble .
She was a story teller , and virtual immersion technology was a gift for anyone who could narrate , or wanted to narrate their own documentary .
“ Here comes the spooky part .
You can enable 1st person , to see what the cameras are seeing , or look through the windows of the submarine .
There are very scary creatures down here , so I recommend the latter , children .
The brave kids do their best , enabling the first person cameras .
It does n’t take long before they switch back , terrified of the glowing hordes of jagged teeth and nightmarish fish .
“ Life may have began here , and life may be similar to this on planets with deep oceans and volcanic activity .
We will be passing over just such a spot in a moment … ”
A volcanic vent comes over the horizon , beyond the lights of the ship , smoke bellows out of deep crevices on the ocean ’s bedrock .
Beyond the plumes , swarms of giant tube worms dance in the hot streams .
Various digital tags pop up , labeling every species .
Students may interact with the environment if they take an interest in any particular organism .
“ Please note that the Europa Mission , scheduled to arrive in eight months , may discover similar creatures on Jupiter ’s icy moon .
I ’ll leave that one for another time . ”
Mrs. Gimble smiles as the adventure comes to an end .
“ Time to resurface ! ”
Water splashes over the visor , or at least , it appears to .
The class is back on the surface , exhilirated after their first deep sea dive .
Jon ’s mother smiles from the doorway , seeing her son so immersed in his studies .
He had already completed a majority of classes , and could graduate within a year or two .
But , he would n’t .
She knew his interests were far too varied to move onto Stage 2 classes so soon .
He would first learn how to operate the space telescopes , and effectively touch - down on Mars .
Jon calmly removed his visor and looked up .
“ Mum , is it brunch time ? ”
“ Yes dear , come to the kitchen .
I ’ve made you ham and cheese .
Your favorite after a good expedition . ”
“ K Mum .
Let me tell you about life around volcanic vents ! ”
Jon ’s mother smiled , and the two went to the kitchen for an informative lunch overlooking the Australian deserts , with not a soul for miles to interrupt them .
WOW , this looks AWESOME .
I love your Sketchups , very nice detail , lots of effort put into them .
I have always been intrigued with Mineral Oil cooled PCs , ever since I first saw one , I really want to try one later one .
If your previous mods are anything to go by this should turn out fantastically , good luck .
Click to expand ...
Hilary Benn said the government faced " real choices " ahead over spending A cabinet minister has hinted there may have to be cuts in public spending after the next general election .
Environment Secretary Hilary Benn told the BBC the government faced " real choices " ahead and " when times are tough you need to tighten your belt " .
Mr Benn said his own Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs ( Defra ) has had to prioritise spending .
The disclosure comes with Labour and the Conservatives immersed in a dispute over spending plans .
Mr Benn told BBC Radio 4's
Any Questions ministers would face some tough decisions .
' Investment v Cuts '
He said : " If I look at my department 's budget , it is going to go down a bit and therefore we will have to prioritise . "
His comments come with Prime Minister Gordon Brown insisting the next general election will be fought on a platform of " Labour investment versus Tory cuts " .
He defended Mr Brown 's policy of borrowing during the recession , saying the financial crisis would be " deeper and worse " had he not .
Mr Benn said there were already 2,500 fewer jobs in his department than in previous years , but more was being spent , for example , on flood defences .
A Defra spokeswoman said : " This is not news - we announced Defra 's budget in the Comprehensive Spending Review settlement in 2008 and we have been open about our spending plans . "
Commons clash
On the same programme , shadow work and pensions secretary Theresa May said a future Conservative government would " save billions " by scrapping the proposed national identity card .
At Prime Minister 's Questions on Wednesday , Mr Brown defended his spending pledges after Tory leader David Cameron accused him of being caught " red- handed " giving misleading figures .
Mr Cameron said the prime minister told MPs capital spending would rise every year until 2012 , when it would fall from £ 44bn in 2009 / 10 to £ 26bn in 2012 / 13 .
But Mr Brown said Labour had brought forward future spending to counter the recession and investment was far higher than it had been under the Tories .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Gtk+ 3 Roadmap Draft2
Prelude
The suggested plan is to work on this and publicize it in multiple steps :
The Gtk+ core team produces an initial version ( draft1 ) .
[ TimJ collects feedback via email during the first core team email round and integrates draft2 for gtk - devel - list . ]
The draft is reviewed , extended and completed to produce a real roadmap with the gtk - devel - list community .
[ Probably best done by letting people edit a live .
gnome.org wiki page after announcing change intentions on the mailing list . ]
An " official " Gtk+ project roadmap is put up on the web , announced in various channels and feedback is requested from other projects and companies of the GNOME / free software hemisphere for a period of 1 - 2 months .
Feedback and change requests are worked into the official roadmap after discussions on gtk - devel - list .
A team is formed that maintains a list of contributors and volunteers for particular tasks and keeps track of the roadmap progress .
Feedback on the exact progress is of course welcomed as well .
Introduction
The Gtk+ team is forming a roadmap to structure the development process of the Gtk+ - 3.0 release and to open up the involved decision making progress .
Since development on the project depends to a large extend on community contributions , we cannot provide deadlines , but will use priority based classifications instead .
Items are classified according to :
1 ) Items we believe the core team will have completed by 3.0 .
2 ) Community contributions that are feasible to achieve for 3.0 .
3 ) Items that seem unlikely to be completed for 3.0 or are specifically planed for 3.x follow up releases .
Features planned for 3.0
These features are meant to be completed and integrated with the release of Gtk+ 3.0 .
The core team will do its best to achieve completion , but contributions are also very welcome .
Full offscreen rendering , probably completed in 2.x .
This is needed for animations and effects beyond the classic widget boundaries .
Remove all public structure fields so the API is defined only in terms of function entry points .
Introduce new widget creation means that fix currently problematic widget property defaults like widget visibility .
Eliminate the need for implementing realize / unrealize , map / unmap , style_set and more , depending on how much offscreen rendering allows for this .
Implement a new base class widget for scrollable widgets that could help to simplify the implementation of widgets like text - view , scrolled window , tree - view .
Resolution independence , this allows free scaling of UIs , including fonts , pixmaps and spacing / padding .
Anything from the current 2.16 list that did n't make it in time : support for icons in entries better handling of invisible characters flippable boxes , separators , etc resolution independence / font scaling complete offscreen window support extended layout ( width - for - height ) a tool palette widget a simple list API
Simplified DnD API , work on this is going on in the tree - view already .
Add simple transparency API for widgets ( should work by means of offscreen rendering if XComposite is n't available ) .
Allow themable RGBA backgrounds for widgets .
Contributor features for 3.0
Implementation and / or completion of these features depends on community / third - party contributions to Gtk+ .
We 'd like to see them integrated , but can't implement them with the core team , so it 's best understood as a list of suggestions for people who want to contribute to Gtk+ development .
Create an animatable container with pluggable layout algorithms and pluggable transition algorithms .
Physics features in the UI : kinetic scrolling , magnetism , friction , bounces , stretching fading , blending , shadows and other optical effects
This depends on an animatable container
This depends on an animatable container Easier layouting , e.g. by letting EXPAND default to false and introducing a " spread " flag like Rapicorn has it .
( It essentially forces all parent widgets to EXPAND automatically . )
Themable padding .
Add " label styles " a la Mac ; relative to base font .
The Mac defines label styles like " system font " , " big system font " , " header font " , etc .
It might be nice to have label constructors for this like gtk_label_big_system_font_new ( ) .
The styles would be themable .
Pango markup also covers bits of this , but misses the themability .
All in all , this might simplify dialog creation as you need headings for groups of UI elements , etc .
High - level way to emphasize text , to properly support non-Latin languages .
In Latin languages , you can use italics to emphasize something , italics do not necessarily have to work for non-Latin languages .
Having a high - level way to mark a piece of text as " to be emphasized " will help here .
There are probably more likewise i18n improvements that can be made here .
Add automatic tests for layout functionality .
Add a spinning progress widget to Gtk+ ( " Throbber " ) .
Generalize event handling , so it 's not as bound to X11 concepts .
This could simplify offscreen window event simulations and implementations of non-X11 backends .
Also interfacing with custom event sources ( like widgets embedded in clutter or Rapicorn ) will then become feasible .
Separation of widget grouping ( parent < -> child relationship ) and from geometric layout .
Full support for MPX and multitouch devices .
Also needs event system concept changes .
Making it easier to create widgets .
Automatically flippable widgets ( horizontal / vertical ) .
Have a high - level widget to create widgets with .
Maybe a template system ?
Have a high - level widget base class on top of GtkWidget , a scrollable widget base class on top of that again .
Implement your own widget by subclassing one of these .
Have a way to " draw a button " in your custom widget .
Provide third - party code analysis and migration tools that aid porting and assist in writing best - practices code .
Wishlist items for 3.x
The following features would be nice to have but depend on contributor help and are probably going to arrive only in releases after 3.0 .
Revamp / rewrite the entire theming system .
Allow usage of projective transformations in the toolkit ( when suported by the hardware , use 2D fallbacks instead ) , possibly via clutter integration ( to utilize GL features ) or adding 3D capabilities into Cairo ( like extending the transformation matrices ) .
Micro widgets , i.e. small and very simple widgets that can be used for composition of bigger complex ones .
Allow widget composition with UI builders .
This would probably involve : Adding a " query_interface ( ) like " object API , so composite containers can integrate and " export " child widget functionality .
Adding a " Composite widget creation " mode to UI Builders that allows specification of interface types with names to be exported on the composite container from its children .
Progress Tracking
Several things should be done once a roadmap is finalized , it 's probably best to form a team to oversee and handle the items :
Create a Gtk+ - 3 feature task table , where contributors can sign up for particular work items .
Could be similar to the GtkTasks page .
Keep track on completion of features / tasks listed in the roadmap , so anyone is able to monitor progress .
Publicize content on gtk.org : Create a section on best practices .
Create a section on porting - to - 3.0 .
Add a script to porting - to - 3.0 that shows / analyses use of deprecations in a given code base .
Create a blog about Gtk+ - 3 , covering updates to feature list , open tasks , plans and roadmap .
Ask and keep track of ISVs to put resources on items on the Gtk+ - 3 feature task table and possibly other sub projects they intend to sponsor .
Handle and integrate requests coming in during the 1 - 2 month " consultation period " , where we specifically request feedback and input from ISVs through Stormy , Dave and possibly other channels .
Look into GSoC projects to implement 3.0 tasks .
Much of this can be done in parallel , and is probably best split up between Gtk+ community members .
Two terror suspects who were flown by the CIA to the British territory of Diego Garcia and later allegedly tortured have been named and evidence about their treatment has been revealed for the first time .
Mohammed Madni and Shaykh al - Libi are identified in evidence prepared for the Commons foreign affairs committee by Clive Stafford Smith , director of the human rights group Reprieve .
They are the two men , said Stafford Smith , referred to , but not identified , by David Miliband , the foreign secretary , when last year , after repeated denials by ministers , he admitted that two people had been rendered through the island in the Indian Ocean in 2002 .
Miliband said he did not know who the men were .
Stafford Smith said detailed research showed that Madni , who holds dual Pakistani - Egyptian nationality , was rendered through Diego Garcia in January 2002 .
He was subsequently jailed and interrogated in Egypt and flown to Guantánamo .
Madni was later freed and returned to Pakistan where Reprieve 's lawyers met him .
" He has been effectively crippled by his torture , " said Stafford Smith .
The other man rendered through the US base on the island was likely to be Libi , he added .
While questioned in Egypt , Libi claimed that al - Qaida was in league with Saddam Hussein , a claim now accepted by the US to be false .
He was recently freed and died in Libya two weeks ago .
Stafford Smith was due to present his evidence on Diego Garcia to the foreign affairs committee last week but was prevented from doing so on the grounds that the other issue he was expected to testify on – the treatment of Binyam Mohammed , the UK resident who was jailed in Pakistan , Morocco and Afghanistan , before being flown to Guantánamo – was sub judice .
Mike Gapes , the committee 's Labour chairman , said he had received advice that the cases due to be raised fell " wholly within the house sub judice resolution " .
The resolution states that " cases in which proceedings are active in UK courts shall not be referred to in any motion , debate or question " .
Mohammed 's treatment before he was flown to Guantánamo is the subject of a police investigation into " possible criminal wrongdoing " by the CIA and an MI5 officer .
Stafford Smith said the advice was wrong and that the Mohammed case had been frequently raised in the Commons and the Lords .
" It is time for the UK government to come clean about its role in Madni 's detention and to reveal who else has been held on and rendered through Diego Garcia , what happened to them there , and where they are now , " he said .
Edward Davey , the Liberal Democrat foreign affairs spokesman , said last night : " These astonishing allegations fly in the face of the assurances given by the foreign secretary to parliament .
The use of British territory for illegal state abduction and detention is unacceptable " .
Research by his party found that the government had systematically destroyed flight logs for the Diego Garcia US airbase , Davey added .
I will place updated information about the final numbers like : height , pounds of harvested potatoes , and notes on this Step .
THIS YEAR ( 2009 ) :
- I lightly fertilized the soil before planting with composted manure with sawdust and green sand mix , and only fertilized once afterward with liquid fish emulsion before the rains came and stayed for 6 weeks .
By then the plants were so huge I saw no need to fertilize .
- 9 out of 10 red potato plants survived the constant rain .
I attribute that to the porous
Tote fabric which allowed good air circulation , and water drainage .
- The one plant that died showed signs of severe rot ( blight ? ) and an infestation of slugs , both caused by the wet weather .
The rot was located within a layer of hay mulch I used when I ran short of the shredded leaves .
My best guess is that it was not the hay , as much as mixed mulches , that caused the rot .
The shredded leaf mulch is heavier and compacted the hay layer , possibly trapping moisture in that area .
- I used bush beans and nasturtiums as companion plants and had no bug problems at all .
There were plenty of earthworms living in the Tote mulch .
The final tally is in :
I harvested approximately 1 - 3/8 pounds ( 0.63 kg ) of red potatoes per Tater Tote .
I harvested twice from 4 of the Totes and kept the plants intact for a second harvest , but chopped them back to within 18 " of the Tote because they shaded the sun from other plants .
At least 2 potatoes were found in the dirt UNDER each Tote !
NEXT YEAR :
- I will definitely reuse these Tater Totes and make a bunch more .
- I will not mulch between the bags to allow more air flow and water drainage .
- I will cut back ( trim ) the potato plants after they reach 2 ' over the top of the bag .
- I will plant them in blocks of 9 ( 3 plants x 3 plants ) for easier care , and they can more evenly support each other .
- I will plant at least one traditional hill of potatoes as a control for comparison purposes ( I do n't believe traditionally grown potatoes would have survived the wet weather this season ) .
Mr Putin said he would be happy to meet President Obama
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has said his country could give up nuclear weapons if everyone else that had them did the same .
The remarks came as Russian and US officials negotiate a successor to the 1991 Start treaty on arms reduction , which expires in December .
US President Barack Obama will discuss the issue in Moscow next month with his Russian counterpart Dmitry Medvedev .
Meanwhile a top general said Russia should not go below 1,500 warheads .
Col - Gen Nikolai Solovtsov , who commands Russia 's Strategic Rocket Forces , said Moscow needed this number to ensure its own security .
But he added that the final decision rested with political leaders .
Russia currently has 3,909 warheads and the US 5,576 , according the US state department .
A limit of 1,700 to 2,200 warheads by 2012 have already been agreed by both sides .
But Mr Putin questioned whether there was a need for nuclear weapons at all .
" If those who made the atomic bomb and used it are ready to abandon it , along with - I hope - other nuclear powers that officially or unofficially possess it , we will of course welcome and facilitate this process in every possible way , " he said , in a veiled reference to the US .
He was speaking at a meeting with German Foreign Minister Frank - Walter Steinmeier , who has also endorsed the idea of reducing the number of nuclear weapons to zero .
To quote the homepage : [ tap tap tap ] ...
Is this thing on ?
;-) Ready or not , Slackware has now gone 64 - bit with an official x86_64 port being maintained in - sync with the regular x86 - current branch .
DVDs will be available for purchase from the Slackware store when Slackware 13.0 is released .
Many thanks go out to the Slackware team for their help with this branch and a special thank you to Eric Hameleers who did the real heavy lifting re-compiling everything for this architecture , testing , re-testing , and staying in - sync with - current .
We 've been developing and testing Slackware 64 for quite a while .
Most of the team is already using Slackware64 on their personal machines , and things are working well enough that it is time to let the community check our work .
We 'd like to thank the unofficial 64 bit projects for taking up the slack for us for so long so that we could take our time getting everything just right .
Without those alternatives , we would have been pressured to get things out before they were really ready .
As always -- have fun !
Pat and the Slackware crew
Labels : slackware , slackware64
I wo n’t wax rhapsodic about how much these meatballs changed my life .
They were so simple , so savory , so comforting and warm and delicious … I almost cried .
Come to think of it , I think I did cry .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees .
Combine all meatball ingredients .
Roll into medium - small balls and place on a cookie sheet .
Place sheet in freezer for five minutes .
After 5 minutes , remove meatballs from freezer and immediately dredge in unseasoned flour .
Brown meatballs in canola oil until just brown .
Place into a baking dish .
Combine all sauce ingredients .
Pour over meatballs and bake at 350 degrees for 45 minutes .
Serve with egg noodles , mashed potatoes , or crusty French bread .
This ingredient shopping module is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content on their web site .
Foodies , please cover your eyes !
Shield yourself from the deadly rays of prosaic 1960 ’s cuisine !
We ’re about to dive into the world of comfort food .
Can cuisine be “ prosaic ” ?
I ’ll have to ponder that today .
All I know is this .
I had a baby .
Then I had another baby .
Then I had a third baby , a boy .
After my third baby , a boy , was born , I found myself back on the ranch with two young daughters and yet another suckling infant , and I was starving all the time .
If I was n’t eating Cinnamon Toast Crunch by the truckload , I was gnawing on a divine Mexican chicken casserole my BFF Hyacinth brought me or a box of Krispy Kreme doughuts my father - in - law picked up the city .
That was back in Krispy Kreme ’s glory days .
It all helped my milk production .
But still , I was starving .
And then , one dark and stormy night , my good friend Beth ( a ranching neighbor of ours ) and her mother Diane ( also a longtime rancher ) knocked on my door and brought me …dinner .
They brought me meatballs .
I wo n’t wax rhapsodic about how much these meatballs changed my life .
They were so simple , so savory , so comforting and warm and delicious … I almost cried .
Come to think of it , I think I did cry .
I always thought it was my hormones regulating to normal levels .
But maybe it was totally meatball - induced .
Here ’s how you make the babies :
Start with 1 1/2 pounds ground beef .
This is home grown , baby .
His name was Alfie .
Grab some oats .
And pour in 3/4 cup .
Pour in 1 cup of milk .
Now cut an onion in half from root to tip , then cut one of the halves in half again .
Peel off the outer layer and make very thin vertical slices .
Rotate it 90 degrees , then make slices downward to create a thin dice .
Go over them with the knife several times to get them really fine , or your family will stage a mutiny .
Big onion chunks are not welcome here .
Throw in 3 tablespoons onions into the meat mixture .
Followed by 1 1/2 teaspoons salt .
And plenty of black pepper .
Yes , the black dust stuff .
There ’s a time and a place for fresh ground .
But it is n’t here .
Now just stir the mixture until it ’s all combined !
Now we just need to form the mixture into balls .
I like using this small cookie dough scoop so they ’re all uniform in size .
Just scoop the meat into your hand …
And roll it into a neat ball .
Place the meatballs on a cookie sheet as you go .
When you ’ve rolled all the meatballs , place the cookie sheet into the freezer for about five minutes , just to make them easier to work with .
If you have a six - year - old son , he can help you with the rolling .
Look at this freaky photo !
It looks like his arm is coming out of the side of his head , does n’t it ?
I ca n’t quit staring at it .
Trivia :
This is the “ baby ” referenced at the beginning of this post .
After five minutes , remove the meatballs and throw some flour onto a plate .
Dredge the meatballs in flour .
And there you have it !
Mexican Wedding Cookies .
Hope you enjoy !
Just kidding .
We ’re not through yet .
And these are n’t Mexican Wedding Cookies .
Just heat 3 tablespoons canola oil in a heavy skillet over medium heat and throw in 1/3 of the meatballs .
All we ’re doing here is browning them quickly on both sides ;
We do n’t want them to cook all the way .
When they ’re brown , remove them to a baking dish and continue browning the rest of the meatballs .
Now just set them aside while you make the sauce .
( Or , if you ’re organized , you can whip out the sauce when the meatballs are chilling in the freezer . )
To a bowl , add 1 cup ketchup …
2 tablespoons sugar …
3 tablespoons white vinegar …
4 to 6 tablespoons chopped onion …
A couple splashes of Tabasco , if you ’re feeling ornery .
And two tablespoons Worcestershire sauce .
Mix it together well .
Now just pour the sauce evenly over the top of the meatballs .
Now just pop ’em in a 350 degree oven for about 45 minutes .
You ’ll know they ’re done when your house smells so good you want to marry it .
They should be sizzling around the edges .
Mmmm .
Oh .
I ’m sorry .
Did someone say “ Mmmmm ? ”
Oh , wait .
It was me .
These really are so delicious , folks .
They ’re almost like little “ meatloaf balls ” , with a lot more flavorful surface area than a big slice of meatloaf .
And the sauce is just a classic sweet / sour ketchup concoction and it makes you think of Grandma .
My kids love this dish , which is a miracle .
And they ’re delicious warmed up the next day and placed on a toasted sandwich bun with melted mozzarella on top .
Yikes .
* Note that these meatballs are not in the same category of regular Italian meatballs that would go in Spaghetti and Meatballs — those have more of a breadcrumb / parsley / Parmesan flair .
These are more in the comfort food / meatloaf category .
If you ’d like to serve them with pasta , regular egg noodles tossed in a tiny bit of melted butter would be divine .
For the mashed potato recipe , click here :
Delicious , Creamy Mashed Potatoes
They are both Oxford University educated journalists who are recognised among the country 's most prominent and highly paid newscasters .
Yet the veteran BBC presenter , Peter Sissons , has launched a broadside against the Five News anchor , Natasha Kaplinsky , for having " done very well out of her looks " .
To add insult to injury , he said he was one of " the very many people " who had never been able to watch the programme she fronts all the way through .
Sissons , 66 , who is imminently retiring from the BBC after 45 years of service , joins a long line of disgruntled newcasters of a " mature " age to speak out against the new generation of good looking television presenters .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Kate Adie and Anna Ford have both spoken out against ageism in the past ; Selina Scott last year re-ignited the ageism row involving the BBC by alleging that it excludes women who have crossed the age of 50 and Mark Austin hit out at the " number of pretty young women and handsome young men " fronting news bulletins .
Now , Sissons has unleashed his own rage against what some believe is a growing trend .
" Natasha has done very well out of her looks .
I suppose any bright woman with good looks who can make herself £ 1 m a year must be doing something right from her point of view .
I have n't followed her career very closely .
I 'm one of the very many people who have never watched Five News from beginning to end , " he said .
He also attacked what he called " wannabe " presenters with no frontline reporting experience .
" The world is stuffed with wannabe TV presenters at the moment .
It should be a requirement that you do n't get to read the news unless you 've been through the fire of frontline reporting .
We 've got to make sure the new generation of news presenters have what the old generation had , which is knowing how the world worked , " he said .
Sissons is leaving in the summer to concentrate on his memoirs .
He has read the news on the BBC's Ten O'Clock News , and ITN's News at One .
He also helped launch Channel 4 News .
He is currently a presenter on News 24 .
He joined ITN in 1964 after graduating from Oxford University .
In 1969 he was appointed ITN 's news editor .
Sissons joined the BBC in 1989 as presenter of Question Time and joint presenter of the Six O'Clock News .
Kaplinsky , 36 , has an equally glittering CV .
After graduating from Oxford , one of her first jobs was working in the press offices of Labour leaders Neil Kinnock and John Smith .
Her television career started on a youth chat show for LWT 's Talk TV in the late 1990s with co-host Sacha Baron Cohen .
She then moved to presenting the early morning news bulletins at Meridian and such was her aptitude that within six months she was co-presenting their evening news programme Meridian Tonight .
She later moved to ITV's London News Network and in November 2000 , she moved to Sky News .
Kaplinsky joined the BBC to present BBC Breakfast in November 2002 .
In 2006 , Kaplinsky became only the third woman to present the BBC's BBC Ten O'Clock News , after Fiona Bruce and Sian Williams .
She was poached by Five in 2007 in a lucrative deal which made is believed to have made her the highest paid newsreader in Britain .
On 18 February 2008
She presented her first broadcast for Five , reported to have been watched by 1 million viewers .
The BBC refused to be comment on Sissons ' remarks , but a spokesoman said : " We would like to thank Peter for his outstanding contribution to the BBC over the past 20 years .
He 's been a towering figure in TV news and it's been a privilege for our teams to work with him .
He will be missed and we wish him all the best with his future endeavours . "
By Jimmy Rogers ( @me )
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
Yesterday , J.J. Abrams released his new movie , Star Trek , which attempts to breathe new life into one of scifi ’s oldest franchises .
It is different from other Star Trek films because it ’s set before even the earliest episodes in the original series .
I ca n’t say too much more without delivering massive spoilers ( it ’s just one of those kinds of plots ) , so there is a spoiler section below with my analysis .
The unspoilery version is this :
If you ARE a hardcore Star Trek fan , you will like this movie a LOT , even if it does n’t run perfectly in harmony with some of the central Star Trek dogma .
I think I fall into this category … largely because I ’ve seen every episode of every series ( except that awful mess with Scott Bakula ) .
If you do n’t have a clue about Star Trek , I think you ’ll still find the minute - by - minute story very exciting and the characters very compelling .
[ Spoiler Alert !!! –
If you have n’t seen the movie , avert your eyes till you have . ]
Looking back on Star Trek , I definitely think the most memorable part of the movie are the effects .
Despite the rather surreal nature of a Star Trek fantasy , the visual effects require almost no suspension of disbelief on my part .
The ships are logical and believable , the images of space are absolutely spectacular , and even the ship ’s interior is a good show .
There are a considerable number of “ lens flares , ” though .
Essentially the audience is blinded every so often by some massive shine or explosion .
io9 reported earlier that even Abrams himself admits he may have been a bit overzealous with the flares .
Even so , if you read the interview , you ’ll see they ’re there for good reason .
The part of the movie that I love the most is the casting .
Each actor does a fantastic job portraying the old characters while not coming off as a caricature or an impression .
While the press has already covered the Spock and Uhura characters fairly thoroughly , I was pleasantly surprised by Bones , Scotty , Chekov , and Sulu .
These supporting characters served as comic relief mostly , but each of them got their own little vignette ( especially Sulu with his awesome sword ) to show they could handle some business too .
Kirk and Spock , the obvious foci of the movie , were a bit harder for me to swallow .
Their relationship is so fundamental to the original characters that it was very odd at times .
I think Zachary Quinto did a great job as a conflicted young Spock , but the Kirk character did n’t convince me .
Because of the obvious timeline alterations from the original series , this Kirk is a different man and his strategic genius is hard to see amidst his boyish arrogance .
By the end of the movie I was n’t completely won over by “ the new Kirk . ”
When you talk about the plot , the only thing you can say is “ fast - paced . ”
I mean the first scene of the movie is an explosive act of heroism wherein George Kirk ( Jim ’s father ) gives his life to save his crew , his wife , and his unborn son .
After that we move forward in time and see a young Kirk driving a stolen convertible over a cliff .
The action does n’t let up until Kirk joins up with Star Fleet , to the surprise ( but satisfaction ) of Captain Pike .
While the rest of the movie involves adventures designed to slowly bring together the familiar gang of heroes , the real thing to discuss is the crazy timeline splintering .
With many sequels ( or in this case , prequels ) , time travel is used to allow movie - makers to milk more out of a played out story .
I ’m interested to see what Abrams and company plan on doing with their newly created timeline .
Will the next episode in the series ( there are rumored to be 3 more films coming ) be centered around relocating the Vulcans , or are they going to avoid discussing the newly - formed black hole whenever possible ?
[ End Spoiler Warning ]
All other things aside , by the end of the movie , I felt resolution and hope .
The resolution came from the great ending and the satisfying new direction for the franchise .
The hope was more of a continued hope that I feel when I watch the old series .
The Star Trek universe is a vast playground for the imagination and it would be a shame if we let it go to waste , just because its creators are aging or have passed away .
This movie definitely lives up to their legacy as a definitive space opera .
On a personal note , I had the AWESOME opportunity to watch the movie premier with the staff over at ThinkGeek.com .
More on that little adventure over at my new blog .
If you ’ve seen the film , what did you think ?
Agree / disagree with the thought above ?
In a 1997 episode of The Simpsons entitled “ The Springfield Files ” — a parody of X - Files in which Homer has an alien encounter in the woods ( after imbibing 10 bottles of Red Tick Beer ) — Leonard Nimoy voices the intro as he once did for his post - Spock run on the television mystery series In Search of ...: “ The following tale of alien encounters is true .
And by true , I mean false .
It ’s all lies .
But they ’re entertaining lies , and in the end is n’t that the real truth ?
The answer is no . ”
No cubed .
The postmodernist belief in the relativism of truth , coupled to the clicker culture of mass media where attention spans are measured in New York minutes , leaves us with a bewildering array of truth claims packaged in infotainment units .
It must be true — I saw it on television , at the movies , on the Internet .
The Twilight Zone , The Outer Limits , That ’s Incredible , The Sixth Sense , Poltergeist , Loose Change , Zeitgeist the Movie .
Mysteries , magic , myths and monsters .
The occult and the supernatural .
Conspiracies and cabals .
The face on Mars and aliens on Earth .
Bigfoot and Loch Ness . ESP and PSI .
UFOs and ETIs .
JFK , RFK and MLK — alphabet conspiracies .
Altered states and hypnotic regression .
Remote viewing and astroprojection .
Ouija boards and Tarot cards .
Astrology and palm reading .
Acupuncture and chiropractic .
Repressed memories and false memories .
Talking to the dead and listening to your inner child .
Such claims are an obfuscating amalgam of theory and conjecture , reality and fantasy , nonfiction and science fiction .
Cue dramatic music .
Darken the backdrop .
Cast a shaft of light across the host ’s face .
The truth is out there .
I want to believe .
What I want to believe based on emotions and what I should believe based on evidence does not always coincide .
And after 99 monthly columns of exploring such topics ( this is Opus 100 ) , I conclude that I ’m a skeptic not because I do not want to believe but because I want to know .
I believe that the truth is out there .
But how can we tell the difference between what we would like to be true and what is actually true ?
The answer is science .
Science begins with the null hypothesis , which assumes that the claim under investigation is not true until demonstrated otherwise .
The statistical standards of evidence needed to reject the null hypothesis are substantial .
Ideally , in a controlled experiment , we would like to be 95 to 99 percent confident that the results were not caused by chance before we offer our provisional assent that the effect may be real .
Failure to reject the null hypothesis does not make the claim false , and , conversely , rejecting the null hypothesis is not a warranty on truth .
Nevertheless , the scientific method is the best tool ever devised to discriminate between true and false patterns , to distinguish between reality and fantasy , and to detect baloney .
The null hypothesis means that the burden of proof is on the person asserting a positive claim , not on the skeptics to disprove it .
I once appeared on Larry King Live to discuss UFOs ( a perennial favorite of his ) , along with a table full of UFOlogists .
King ’s questions for other skeptics and me typically miss this central tenet of science .
It is not up to the skeptics to disprove UFOs .
Although we cannot run a controlled experiment that would yield a statistical probability of rejecting ( or not ) the null hypothesis that aliens are not visiting Earth , proof would be simple : show us an alien spacecraft or an extraterrestrial body .
Until then , keep searching and get back to us when you have something .
Unfortunately for UFOlogists , scientists cannot accept as de­finitive proof of alien visitation such evidence as blurry photographs , grainy videos and anecdotes about spooky lights in the sky .
Photographs and videos can be easily doctored , and lights in the sky have many prosaic explanations ( aerial flares , lighted balloons , experimental aircraft , even Venus ) .
Nor do government documents with redacted paragraphs count as evidence for ET contact , because we know that governments keep secrets for national security reasons .
Terrestrial secrets do not equate to extra­terrestrial cover-ups .
So many claims of this nature are based on negative evidence .
That is , if science cannot explain X , then your explanation for X is necessarily true .
Not so .
In science , lots of mysteries are left unexplained until further evidence arises , and problems are often left unsolved until another day .
I recall a mystery in cosmology in the early 1990s whereby it appeared that there were stars older than the universe itself — the daughter was older than the mother !
Thinking that I might have a hot story to write about that would reveal something deeply wrong with current cosmological models , I first queried California Institute of Technology cosmologist Kip S. Thorne , who assured me that the discrepancy was merely a problem in the current estimates of the age of the universe and that it would resolve itself in time with more data and better dating techniques .
It did , as so many problems in science eventually do .
In the meantime , it is okay to say , “ I do n’t know , ” “ I ’m not sure ” and “ Let ’s wait and see . ”
To be fair , not all claims are subject to laboratory experiments and statistical tests .
Many historical and inferential sciences require nuanced analyses of data and a convergence of evidence from multiple lines of inquiry that point to an unmistakable conclusion .
Just as detectives employ the convergence of evidence technique to deduce who most likely committed a crime , scientists employ the method to determine the likeliest explanation for a particular phenomenon .
Cosmologists reconstruct the history of the universe by integrating data from cosmology , astronomy , astrophysics , spectroscopy , general relativity and quantum mechanics .
Geologists reconstruct the history of Earth through a convergence of evidence from geology , geophysics and geochemistry .
Archaeologists piece together the history of a civilization from pollen grains , kitchen middens , potshards , tools , works of art , written sources and other site - specific artifacts .
Climate scientists prove anthropogenic global warming from the environmental sciences , planetary geology , geophysics , glaciology , meteorology , chemistry , biology , ecology , among other disciplines .
Evolutionary biologists uncover the history of life on Earth from geology , paleontology , botany , zoology , biogeography , comparative anatomy and physiology , genetics , and so on .
Once an inferential or historical science is well established through the accumulation of positive evidence , however , it is just as sound as a laboratory or experimental science .
For creationists to disprove evolution , for example , they need to unravel all these independent lines of evidence as well as construct a rival theory that can explain them better than the theory of evolution .
They have not , instead employing only negative evidence in the form of “ if evolutionary biologists cannot present a natural explanation of X , then a supernatural explanation of X must be true . ”
The principle of positive evidence applies to all claims .
Skeptics are from Missouri , the Show - Me state .
Show me a Sasquatch body .
Show me the archaeological artifacts from Atlantis .
Show me a Ouija board that spells words with securely blindfolded participants .
Show me a Nostradamus quatrain that predicted World War II or 9/11 before ( not after ) the fact ( postdictions do n’t count in science ) .
Show me the evidence that alternative medicines work better than placebos .
Show me an ET or take me to the Mothership .
Show me the Intelligent Designer .
Show me God .
Show me , and I ’ll believe .
Most people ( scientists included ) treat the God question separate from all these other claims .
They are right to do so as long as the particular claim in question cannot — even in principle — be examined by science .
But what might that include ?
Most religious claims are testable , such as prayer positively influencing healing .
In this case , controlled experiments to date show no difference between prayed - for and not - prayed - for patients .
And beyond such controlled research , why does God only seem to heal illnesses that often go away on their own ?
What would compel me to believe would be something unequivocal , such as if an amputee grew a new limb .
Amphibians can do it .
Surely an omnipotent deity could do it .
Many Iraqi
War vets eagerly await divine action .
There is one mystery I will concede that science may not be able to answer , and that is the question of what existed before our universe began .
One answer is the multiverse .
According to the theory , multiple universes each had their own genesis , and some of these universes gave birth ( perhaps through collapsing black holes ) to baby universes , one of which was ours .
There is no positive evidence for this conjecture , but neither is there positive evidence for the traditional answer to the question —
God .
And in both cases , we are left with the reductio ad absurdum question of what came before the multiverse or God .
If God is defined as that which does not need to be created , then why ca n’t the universe ( or multiverse ) be defined as that which does not need to be created ?
In both cases , we have only negative evidence along the lines of “ I ca n’t think of any other explanation , ” which is no evidence at all .
If there is one thing that the history of science has taught us , it is that it is arrogant to think we now know enough to know that we cannot know .
So for the time being , it comes down to cognitive or emotional preference : an answer with only negative evidence or no answer at all .
God , multiverse or Unknown .
Which one you choose depends on your tolerance for ambiguity and how much you want to believe .
For me , I remain in sublime awe of the great Unknown .
Note :
This article was originally printed with the title , " I Want to Believe . "
Looking to connect with the tech scene in SF ?
Get in touch !
As would be expected with a declining US currency , commodities are soaring , both in the materials themselves and the companies dependent on them .
But the stock market is in a dilemma :
The modestly weakened dollar generally helps equities , but a severe downturn in the greenback can be bad .
And investors looking for safe - haven in bonds have to weigh whether the dollar 's devaluation — brought on by the government buying up its own debt — presents enough opportunity in yield to outweigh inflation fears .
" The dollar probably deserves to be weak , " says Emily Sanders , president of Sanders Financial Management in Atlanta .
" However , the fundamental reasons for dollar weaknesses are n't reason to rejoice . "
Here 's a rundown of how the sliding dollar is shaping various investment decisions :
Stocks
Diminishing returns seems to best fit the relationship between stocks and the shrinking dollar .
The currency 's fall has been beneficial to the market so far because it generates inflationary pressure on the weak economy .
But too much of a drop and investors will get skittish about the state of the US government and stocks will react likewise .
" Equities do well with mild inflation and very badly with high inflation , " says Peter J. Tanous , president and director at Lynx Investment Advisory in Washington , D.C. " Because high inflation hurts everybody , you can't make a general statement that inflation is good for stocks .
It 's a matter of degree . "
The dollar index has slipped 12 percent since March 9 , when the stock market hit its most recent low .
Since then , stocks have rebounded sharply , and government moves would seem to indicate that a weak - dollar policy is firmly in place — at least in part to boost the corporate fortunes and thus Wall Street .
That has generated worry , though , that there seems to be no end in sight to government moves that effectively drive down the currency 's worth , setting off a dollar bubble that could ultimately pummel if not the entire market , then at least particular key sectors .
" The stock market bubble , the Treasury bubble , the real estate bubble -- what is the common link between all three bubbles ?
The dollar , " says Lee Markowitz , partner at Continental Capital Advisors in New York .
" The end is near for all the bubbles because the dollar is getting so much pressure from currency markets and politicians around the world . "
Still , Markowitz is n't ready to set a timetable on when the market could really feel the effects from the dollar 's tumble .
He believes when the bubble does pop , banks , as well as companies that do most of their business domestically and those with high leverage will be the most hurt .
In the meantime , stocks have been taking only modest hits during pullbacks .
Oh God , he 's onto us ...
Photo taken on the streets of Stockholm .
It 's not what it looks like !
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
![ Movie Poster for " Up " ] ( https://www.wired.com/geekdad/wp-content/uploads/2009/05/disney-pixar-up-movie-poster-2-202x300.jpg
" Movie Poster for " Up " " ) 1 .
Will I like it ?
Yes , unless you have a heart of stone .
This movie tugs at the heartstrings and yet has enough action and humor to keep the kids occupied .
2 . Is it anything like other Pixar movies ?
Yes , because while it does have amazing visuals–almost a given from this studio–it does n't forget the story .
The movie makes an elderly man as interesting to kids as , well , a garbage gathering robot .
3 . Will my kids like it ?
I took the nine - year - old twins with me and they were absorbed the entire time .
There is a short sequence at the beginning that is a quiet prologue where I thought they might be bored but they liked the little story within a story .
4 . It 's PG , how PG is it ?
I can't think of much that would have pushed it to a PG rating rather than a G .
It does deal with adult subjects , like death .
The elderly man at the center of the movie is a recent widower and we feel his grief at his wife 's death .
Those with younger kids should be forewarned , it 's a very sad sequence that brought tears to my eyes .
5 . What 's the best time for a bathroom break ?
Probably just after the big storm that sends the floating house off - course .
It takes them a few minutes to land .
6 . Do I need to sit through the credits for some sort of bonus movie at the end ?
There is n't a bonus movie but the credits have postcards of what the boy and his new found friend do when they finally get back to civilization .
It is worth staying for .
7 . Is the movie good ?
How does it hold up to other Pixar movies ?
I loved it , though not for the same reason as the kids .
I loved it because it made me feel deeply for all the characters , especially Mr. Frederickson and Russell , the young boy who joins him on the adventure .
The twins loved it most of all for the talking dogs .
8 . Will I want to see it again ?
I would love to see those sweeping visuals in the 3 - D version .
9 . Is it loud or scary ?
There 's one scary part .
The boy 's new friend , Kevin the bird , is captured by the bad guy , and then the house is nearly burned down .
A very dark moment in the movie and my daughter kept asking if the bird would be okay .
__10 .
Is the ending satisfying ?
__
Very sweet and satisfying .
From Fandago.com
Carl Fredricksen , a 78 - year - old balloon salesman , finally fulfills his lifelong dream of a great adventure when he ties thousands of balloons to his house and flies away to the wilds of South America .
But he discovers all too late that his biggest nightmare has stowed away on the trip : an overly optimistic 8 - year - old Wilderness Explorer named Russell .
From the Academy Award® - nominated director Pete Docter ( Monsters , Inc. ) , Disney •Pixar ’s “ Up ” invites you on a hilarious journey into a lost world , with the least likely duo on Earth .
“ Up ” will be presented in Disney Digital 3 - D in select theaters .
There were outbreaks of violence around Tehran 's university on Sunday
By Jon Leyne
BBC News , Tehran
As demonstrations against the Iranian election result continue , the situation in Tehran is becoming unpredictable and potentially explosive .
Throughout Sunday , crowds gathered in a number of areas .
Often they were not organised protests .
In traffic jams , car drivers hooted their horns in opposition to the government .
Crowds stood on the pavement , chanting and showing v-signs .
In some places , the police were out in force .
Some of them were in full riot gear .
Others charged into action on the back of motorbikes .
They seem to have been given clear instructions not to open fire .
Though occasional gunfire has been heard , mostly police have been wielding truncheons and batons in often brutal fashion .
Stifled aspirations
It is difficult to get any reliable picture of the scale of the protests in Tehran , let alone the whole country .
President Ahmadinejad 's almost casual dismissal of their complaints just adds to the anger
But they spread rapidly during the evening .
The cheers and chanting echoed even in customarily quiet middle - class neighbourhoods .
Many Iranians came out on to their roofs to shout " down with the dictator " .
It has become a challenge not just of an election result , not just to President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , but to the supreme leader , Ayatollah Khamenei himself .
That means it is , in effect , a challenge to the whole basis of the Islamic Republic .
For two years I have watched as young , ambitious Iranians go about their lives with growing frustration .
They feel the system stifles their aspirations .
Now they feel that their intelligence and their pride has been insulted by an election result many Iranians believe is blatantly fraudulent .
And President Ahmadinejad 's almost casual dismissal of their complaints just adds to the anger .
Without precedent Make no mistake , President Ahmadinejad still has plenty of supporters .
They turned out in large numbers in the victory rally he held in central Tehran on Sunday afternoon .
He has focused his rhetoric on foreign governments and the international media , blaming them for stirring up the trouble .
There is a danger now that the two sides could come to blows .
And many people will fear that the government will authorise the police to open fire , if the situation slides further out of control .
Yet it is hard to see what political compromise is possible .
Mr Ahmadinejad is defiant , confident in the support of the supreme leader .
The opposition will know that the formal appeal process has minimal chance of success .
It is a situation without precedent in the 30 - year history of the Islamic republic , and the outcome is impossible to predict .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
These things are a lot of fun , you can shoot them indoors ( if you do n’t mind the smell of burnt matches ) , they do n’t go too far ( maybe 10 feet max ) , and they are an actual solid fuel rocket as per the technical definition , so you do get to say “ I made a rocket out of a match and some aluminum foil . ”
Right now I ’ve just got the video , I think later I might add some step - by - step written instructions and some pictures , although you ’ve really got everything you need in the video I think some people might prefer the pictures and text for some reason .
EDIT : ok , apparently some people tired of my rambling after about 30 seconds , so I ’m putting text and pictures for some simple and fast step - by - step stuff right up front and the video is at the bottom ( it ’s 8 minutes and includes an explanation about how and why these things work ) , here you go :
Step 1 to Make a Match Rocket
Right , well first let ’s fabricate the launch platform for it using a paperclip , this is very simple : all you do is take a paper clip as it normally is , bend the middle bit out and pull the leg of the base out a bit to make it wider , here ’s the stand next to an unmodified paper clip so you can see just what I ’ve done :
Step 2
The next thing you ’ll need is something to make the nozzle of the rocket , which is just sort of a tunnel in the aluminum foil that ’s wrapped around the match for the gases to go through that will propel the rocket , a safety pin would probably be the best choice , but I did n’t have one so I bent out a paper clip and smashed the kinks out of it with some needle - nosed pliers , like so :
Step 3
The next thing you ’ll need is a bit of aluminum foil , and it does n’t have to be perfect , but I ’ve found the best configuration is a triangle of aluminum foil about 1 inch tall and 2 inches wide , like this :
Step 4
Now you ’ll need to get ready to wrap the aluminum foil around the match : when you do this , you need to keep the safety pin ( or paper
clip in my case here ) pressed flat and lengthwise against the match so that there is a tunnel created all the way from the match head down to where the aluminum foil ends so that it creates an exhaust nozzle for the hot gases that will be produced by the match head when it burns .
Here you can see the paper clip held up
against the match as it should be ( all the way up to the head ) with the aluminum foil also in my hand and ready to wrap :
Step 5
Now you just wrap the aluminum foil around the safety pin ( or paper clip ) and match–when you do this , the aluminum foil should be such that the longer bit is horizontal , if that makes sense , like so :
Step 6
Next , fold the excess aluminum foil over the top of the match head such that it creates as tight a seal as possible : you want the only possible exit for those burning gases to be through the nozzle you ’ve created with the safety pin/ paper clip .
And the finished product ( before you pull the safety pin out ) , looks like this :
Step 7
Now just pull the paper clip ( or safety pin ) out and you ’ve got your finished match rocket :
Step 8
Now place the match rocket on the stand like this :
Step 9
Point it somewhere where you ’ve got enough room for it to fly , keep in mind that it will be hot when it hits the ground , so you do n’t want it to land on any carpet or cloth , and then light it by putting a flame right under where the head of the match would be :
The Video
Here ’s the video I did of me taking about 8 minutes to build one , explain the building process , explain how it actually works , and then at the end I actually launch one :
Additional Resources and Further Reading
If you liked this then you definitely need to check out these two : here ’s a video I did on how to make a rocket with a cigarette lighter and an empty soda bottle , and then here ’s another one on how to make a homemade rocket engine with alcohol and nitrous oxide .
Oh wow , this guy has really got something cool here , he ’s gone and sort of ‘ turbocharged ’ his match rocket with some homemade booster fuel called ‘ recrystalized KN / sucrose ’ that he shows you how to make out of fertilizer , corn syrup , and sugar : Candy Microrockets
Even NASA has got in on it , and I think my version is actually better than theirs , have a look : NASA Glenn Match Stick Rockets
Here they ’ve gone and used an empty rifle cartridge casing ( no surprise : they ’re in Alaska ) , I like that : Living Alaska : Match Rockets
Five people were detained on Sunday in Buenos Aires after anti-Semitic demonstrators violently confronted members of Argentina ’s Jewish community outside the Israeli embassy .
The attack , which occurred during celebrations marking the 61st anniversary of the founding of Israel , left four people injured and provoked concerns of rising anti-Semitism .
According to Israel ’s ambassador to Argentina , Daniel Gazit , the protestors came equipped with clubs , a knife and a pistol for what he described as a non-political demonstration and “ violence for the sake of violence . ”
The government was quick to denounce the violence and contend that it is being perpetrated by a small , isolated group .
However , further protests broke out on Tuesday demanding the release of those detained after Sunday ’s violence .
The protestors are members of a group called the Revolutionary Action Front .
Any opinions expressed in this piece do not necessarily reflect those of Americas Quarterly or its publishers .
We 're curious : did you ride your bike to work today ?
Does your office provide safe bike parking or a shower for freshening up after your ride ?
Does your boss support employees who choose to pedal to work ?
It 's National Bike Week , and what better time to give props to the businesses that are making life good for their bike commuting employees ?
The League of American Bicyclists has assembled its annual Bike Friendly Business rankings , a list of companies that includes earthy crunchy cycle shops and multi-million dollar companies .
They 're all providing perks that encourage employees to commute on bike and support those who have already made the switch .
" In today 's challenging economic climate , businesses with healthy , happy and productive employees are going to be the most competitive and the most sustainable , " said Andy Clarke , president of the League of American Bicyclists .
" Bicycle Friendly Business program recognizes some of the best examples of this in practice . "
Getting on the League 's list is n't easy .
Companies who want Bike Friendly Business cred complete a 13 page application that looks for everything from programming and prizes to bike racks and breakfast .
It asks employers if they 're providing their workforce on wheels with free parking and maintenance clinics .
How about a healthy meal and showers for sweaty , hungry post - commute employees ?
And if a firm wants to make it onto the list , spending some money does n't hurt either .
Applicants are asked if they offer commuter tax credits or cash to put toward bike equipment and repair .
A lot of the companies that made the Bike Friendly Business list are exactly the types of progressive organizations you 'd expect to see : small bike shops , environmental non-profits , and a handful of urban planning firms .
But there are some biggies on the roster , too .
They include major hospitals in Seattle and Portland , OR , a financial services firm with $ 119 billion in assets , a berry grower , and the maker of one of our favorite microbrews .
Here 's a list of companies on the League 's Bike Friendly Business master list that scored Platinum and Gold Designations :
Bike Gallery , Portland , OR – Platinum
New Belgium Brewing Company , Fort Collins , CO – Platinum
After Planning , Design , Portland , OR – Gold
CatEye North America , Boulder , CO – Gold
Clif Bar & Company , San Francisco , CA – Gold
David Baker & Partners , San Francisco , CA – Gold
Landry 's Bicycles , Natick , MA – Gold
Seattle Children 's Hospital , Seattle , WA – Gold
Quality Bicycle Products , Bloomington , MN – Gold
Of course , their are times when even the most well - intentioned commuter has to hop in the car .
If the path from home to workplace involves 30 miles on an interstate , biking just wo n't do .
Lack of bike lanes and traffic calming can make cycling through the city a scary proposition , and unless your office has a shower , a 20 mile ride in the baking August sun will leave co-workers avoiding your cube for the entire day .
But the League points out that plenty of other popular excuses are just that .
It reminds the time - pressed that trips of under five miles will almost always be speedier via cycle .
Have errands to run after work ?
Bolt a rack to the back of your bike for groceries and dry cleaning .
And for the commuter who says he 's just too out of shape to make the trip on a bike , the League states the obvious : getting your ass out of the car and onto a bike is one good way to shed some pounds in time for beach season .
We want to know how your company stacks up to the list above .
Is your boss making life easy for its bike commuters ?
What kind of incentives does your office provide to promote biking ?
Leave a comment and let us know .
Your thoughts and ideas will remind bike friendly businesses that you appreciate their efforts , and might show some of the less progressive bosses out there that supporting cycling is n't as tough as they think .
Photo : Flickr/**richardmasoner
* See also : *
A verdict is due this week in " the babes in the freezer " case , in which a French mother is accused of murdering three of her children .
BBC Paris correspondent Emma Jane Kirby reports on the mixture of horror and sympathy that the story has aroused .
When 41 - year - old Veronique Courjault took the stand last week in the courtroom in Tours , she was described by all the newspapers here as looking " fragile " , " sad " and " pale " .
Veronique Courjault is described as an " exemplary mother " to her two sons Naturally a heavy - set woman , she appeared to have lost a lot of weight in the three years she has spent in pre-trial detention .
Some journalists commented on the desperate look she shot her husband Jean - Louis , who has promised to stand by her .
In almost every report there was a tone of pity - a far cry from the initial reactions of disgust and horror that met the original unveiling of her shocking story in the summer of 2006 .
It came to light when Jean - Louis Courjault found the bodies of two babies in the freezer , at the family 's home in the South Korean capital , Seoul .
Mrs Courjault was on holiday in France at the time , and refused to go back .
In the run-up to her trial , it seems that every leading pregnancy expert in France has been interviewed by the media - and suddenly people here are no longer talking about premeditated murder , they are talking about an intriguing psychological condition called pregnancy denial .
In the flood of articles on the subject this week , it was a double - page spread in the left - leaning Liberation which really grabbed my attention .
The figures the paper gave were startling - every year in France , between 1,600 and 2,000 women apparently suffer from pregnancy denial , and at least 230 discover or admit they 're pregnant only at the moment they give birth .
Surprisingly , most of the examples cited were not of teenage girls who had never had a baby - they were mainly mothers of at least two children who were all so mentally opposed to the thought of having another child that they did n't show a single physical symptom of their pregnancy .
Suffocated Apart from a tiny weight gain of one or two kilos there were no visible changes to their bodies .
Many of the women even continued to menstruate - the need to deny the pregnancy was so strong , explained doctors , that the mind controlled the body and suppressed all external manifestations of the pregnancy .
As far as I was concerned they were never children - it was a part of myself that I was killing .
Veronique Courjault Veronique Courjault , who already has two teenage sons , and who is said by her family and colleagues to be " an exemplary mother " , initially denied any connection to the bodies found in her freezer , but after DNA tests proved she and her husband were the natural parents , she admitted suffocating the two infants in South Korea in 2002 and 2003 .
She also admitted killing and burning the body of a third baby she bore in France in 1999 .
She explained to investigators she and her husband had agreed they did not want any more children and that during her three subsequent pregnancies , she had felt no connection with the babies growing inside her .
Jean - Louis Courjault says his wife needs help , not punishment
She managed to conceal her condition from her husband and all her family , including a sister - in - law who was a medical doctor .
" I could not feel them move inside me , " she told psychiatrists , after admitting she 'd given birth in the bath and had suffocated the infants .
" As far as I was concerned they were never children .
It was a part of myself , an extension of myself that I was killing . "
In previous statements to the police , however , she also claimed : " I decided straight away not to keep the baby I was carrying . "
Psychological stress Jurors have to now decide whether Veronique Courjault was suffering from a psychological disorder , or whether she is guilty of premeditated murder .
It was neither a case of total denial , or even partial denial
Dr Fanny Puel - Metivier , prosecution witness
Her own lawyers insist hers is a classic case of pregnancy denial .
Her husband , who has regularly and loyally visited his wife in prison - and who has himself been cleared of any involvement in the deaths - also believes she acted out of extreme psychological stress and needs help , not punishment .
Professor Israel Nisand , an obstetrician called to give evidence in her defence , has even suggested that the babies could have died during their birth , due to complications that can occur when a woman gives birth alone .
But in court on Tuesday , a psychiatrist called as a witness for the prosecution , Dr Fanny Puel - Metivier , was adamant that Veronique Courjault was completely aware of her pregnancies .
" It was neither a case of total denial , or even partial denial , " she insisted .
" She knew she was pregnant and she told us she did . "
With psychologists and medical experts so divided , the presiding judge , Georges Domergue has extended the trial by 24 hours to give " everyone the chance to express themselves and to put forward their arguments " .
If the jurors decide on Thursday that Veronique Courjault is guilty of murder , she faces life in prison .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
How many times have you pondered over what is the real difference between a wеb application аnd а dеѕktор рrоgrаm ?
Let ’s settle this perplexity once and for all .
Іf уоu use the internet , and you do , there is a high сhаnсе that you have probably …
My 4 - year - old daughter Kalian has become fascinated about printing on the -- " ' puter , " as she calls it .
My wife or I will open a Word file on our family PC , and she 'll plop down in the chair , peck away on the keyboard and then hit the print key .
She 'll then run to grab her handiwork and proudly show it off to us .
I suspect her growing interest in computers comes from watching Mommy working on her own laptop .
Whatever the reason , I 'll admit to being more than a little happy about it .
I 'm not hoping she 'll become a full - fledged geek , but I do want her to feel confident and excited about using computers , which will only become more central to our work and personal lives as she grows up .
But apparently I 've got a lot of work ahead to keep up her enthusiasm .
According to a study released last week , there remains a depressingly large gap between the way teenage girls and boys view computers and careers in computer science .
The study was conducted by the Association for Computing Machinery , a respected science and education nonprofit , through a grant from the National Science Foundation .
In a nationwide survey of college - bound high school students ages 13 to 17 , the study found that 45 percent of boys thought majoring in computer science would be " very good , " compared with 10 percent of girls .
When asked about a possible career in computer science or software design , the study found a similar gap , with 38 percent of boys rating it " very good " compared with 9 percent of girls .
There were also big disparities when asking about various technical tasks , with boys consistently saying they were more comfortable than girls doing things like learning a new software program , setting up a wireless network or even editing music or video on a computer .
The persistence of this computer gap came as a shock to me .
And I 'm not alone .
The study was initially commissioned in conjunction with WGBH , the Boston public television station , to gauge high school students ' attitudes toward tech , with the idea of identifying ways to address differences in the way minorities viewed studies and careers in computer science .
Instead , the study found the real split came along gender lines , so ACM changed the focus of its program to help close that gap .
Having been in Silicon Valley for a decade , I know there remains a yawning chasm between the numbers of men and women working in tech .
Just about any engineering or venture capital event is packed with men .
And the executive ranks , especially the chief executive seats , are famously devoid of women .
Still , I had seen many signs that made me optimistic .
There 's a recognition of this gender gap .
There are a number of women - oriented networking organizations popping up around the valley .
And I 've seen women become increasingly prominent , if not yet a majority , in the growing social media industry , particularly through organizations like BlogHer .
And I had hoped that the remarkable embrace of gadgets like cell phones and social - networking sites like MySpace among teens and preteens of both genders would narrow the differences in the way boys and girls think about computers and technical careers .
Guess not .
" Using technology does n't necessarily enhance your idea of creating technology , " explained Telle Whitney , president and CEO of the Anita Borg Institute for Women and Technology in Palo Alto .
" If you think about how you think about your car , it kind of makes sense .
I think many girls are like that . "
Simply put , boys think computers are cool , and girls do n't .
When asked what words they associated with computers , the study found that boys used words such as " design , " " games " and " video . "
Girls , on the other hand , used words like " boring , " " hard " and " nerd . "
" As long as teenagers believe that computer science is boring , difficult , anti-social , or does n't have much impact on solving the world 's problems , they 're unlikely to choose it for their future , " the study says .
As the report wisely notes , there 's a big difference in making a MySpace page and building the next MySpace .
So am I now being too pessimistic ?
Whitney thinks so .
Through the Borg Institute , she 's been fighting to change those attitudes among girls and women , arguing that those skills are necessary for success in a world increasingly dominated by technology .
Whitney said some of that change will come from establishing widespread mentoring programs so girls can see role models in computing fields .
And some of it comes from little things .
Whitney noted that her two nieces were visiting and she took them on a tour of Google to see how cool it felt to work there .
I want to believe Whitney , that my daughter is not fated to be sneering at computers when she 's a teenager .
So far , despite our best efforts to raise her in a gender - neutral manner , she 's still managed to become obsessed with pink and princesses .
But Whitney says that does n't mean she can't like computers , too .
" One of our messages is that you can like pink and you can like princesses and still be good at programming a computer , " Whitney said .
Are you listening , Kalian ?
___
( c ) 2009 , San Jose Mercury News ( San Jose , Calif . ) .
Visit Mercury Center , the World Wide Web site of the Mercury News , at www.bayarea.com/mld/mercurynews
Distributed by McClatchy - Tribune Information Services .
( CNN ) -- A 23 - year - old woman suffocated her son and then buried his body beneath the sand of a playground , police in Albuquerque , New Mexico , said Thursday .
Tiffany Toribio , 23 , was arrested and charged with killing her son .
Police arrested Tiffany Toribio about 4 a.m. , just hours after they said they wanted to speak to her about her missing 3 - year - old son , Ty .
Family members had contacted authorities , saying her son matched the description of a boy found Friday at an Albuquerque playground .
Police Chief Ray Schultz said she confessed to killing the boy soon after being apprehended .
" She placed her hand over her son 's mouth and nose and suffocated him .
She had second thoughts about what she did .
She performed CPR on her son , brought him back to life and then decided to go forward with that original act she had started to commit , " Schultz said .
Watch Schultz describe the alleged killing »
" What makes this story especially sad is , when asked the reason why she took Ty 's life , Tiffany said that she did not want him to grow up with no one caring about him , the same way that she had grown up where nobody had cared about her . "
An emotional Schultz added that Toribio has tried to kill herself since her arrest .
She was being held in isolation at a detention facility and kept under observation , he said .
He added , " As you can see , this case has been very emotional for everybody in the department . "
Toribio was charged with first - degree murder and an array of other charges , including abuse of a child under 12 that caused death .
The discovery of the body at Alvarado Park on Friday shocked the community , which dubbed the boy " Baby Justice " and " Baby Angel " as they rallied around his case .
Police released a composite image of the boy Tuesday , hoping to garner more leads in the case .
They were n't able to release a photo of the boy because his body was so disfigured by the sand 's heat .
Schultz said that after killing her son , Toribio dug a hole under gym equipment at the playground , moved the body and buried him in the shallow grave .
" Since that time , she 's been walking the streets of the city of Albuquerque , " he said .
The boy was wearing Arizona brand clothing , size 3T : nylon black running pants with red stripes , a red shirt with a monster truck on it and black , gray and lime green Skechers sneakers .
Toribio did not comment Thursday morning after her arrest as she was put in a police car .
Schultz said there had been no reports of child abuse filed against Toribio .
But he said family members indicated that she did not express the typical love of a mother for her child .
" She did not show the normal relationship that you would see with a mother , son , " he said .
This week , police had gone to residences where she had lived previously , but she was n't there , Schultz said .
Police had gone there after family members expressed concern because " they did not like the way Ty was being treated , " the police chief said .
CNN 's Mallory Simon contributed to this report .
All About Albuquerque
UK Court Says No Right To Being An Anonymous Blogger
from the wow dept
Mr Justice Eady said the blog contained opinions on a number of social and political issues relating to the police and the administration of justice .
He added Night Jack had expressed strong opinions on matters of political controversy and had also criticised a number of ministers .
The judge said the blogger risked disciplinary action if his employers found out one of its officers was communicating to the public in such a way ....
Rejecting the argument that all the blogger 's readers needed to know was that he was a serving police officer , the judge said that it was often useful , in assessing the value of an opinion or argument , to know its source .
" For so long as there is anonymity , it would obviously be difficult to make any such assessment .
" More generally , when making a judgment as to the value of comments made about police affairs by ' insiders ' , it may sometimes help to know how experienced or senior the commentator is . "
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
While there are certainly many problematic US laws , the fact that our court system recognizes and values the right to anonymous posting as a First Amendment issue is something that 's quite wonderful .
Tragically , very few other countries view things the same way .
The UK has been especially bad when it comes toprotecting any rights to being anonymous , and the latest news is no exception .
A UK judge has required the unveiling of an anonymous police blogger , claiming blogging is " essentially a public rather than a private activity , " and thus , there is no right to anonymity .
In this particular case , the anonymous blogger was a working police officer , writing about daily experiences , and often taking strong opinions that could potentially get him in trouble .
Now , some of us would think this is exactlyhis anonymity should be protected , but the judge seemed to interpret it in the opposite way :
This is troubling for any number of circumstances , especially in that it will certainly present quite a chill on people speaking out freely and anonymously on supposed problems within their workplaces .
That seems a lot more dangerous and troubling than allowing this guy to speak anonymously , where readers were free to weigh the legitimacy of the informationthe guy was n't posting under his real name .
Of course , it will come as no surprise that , now that the blogger has been identified , he 's been disciplined by the police force .
So much for encouraging any sort of public discussion . :
Lots of good points in the comments that were n't entirely clear in the original article .
The specific details in this case were somewhat different , which changes the story significantly .
The blogger in question had actually been identified by a reporter , and had asked for an injunction against that reporter revealing who they were .
Under those circumstances , we actually have to agree that there 's no right toanonymity if you 've been outed through other means .
There should be a right against the gov't forcing you out , but having individuals figure out who you are is an entirely different matter .
Filed Under : anonymity , blogging , uk
San Francisco Installing Solar - Powered Bus Stations
June 2nd , 2009 by Ariel Schwartz
San Francisco ’s new solar - powered bus stops may not make the bus come any faster , but they will at least make the wait a bit more pleasant .
The first solar - powered shelter , unveiled last week , contains photovoltaic cells on its roof that power LEDs for night - time vision .
Excess power is sent back to the grid .
The best part : San Francisco ’s new shelters will have free Wi -Fi access .
With 1,100 new solar - powered bus stops expected to be installed between now and 2013 , that means a blanket of free Internet across the city .
The shelters are n’t cheap — each one costs between $ 25,000 - $ 30,00 — but they ’re are being paid for in full by Clear Channel .
If you ’re in the Bay Area , check out the prototype shelter at the corner of Geary and Arguello in the Richmond .
Photo Credit : Inhabitat
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Musings on Politics , computers , ebay , the internet and the south , especially Alabama
Functional Composition and Partial Application Saturday , May 2 , 2009
In the past couple of posts , I ’ve been talking about functional composition in regards to explaining its relevance to C# .
I thought I ’d step back just a little though and explain more of the fundamentals in a more natural functional language such as Haskell or F#.
C# has a tendency to be a bit unnatural when it comes to explaining such concepts that I hope this becomes clearer .
A Simple Example
In order to better understand functional composition and partial application and how they can fit together , let ’s take a simple example of determining whether a given Map in Haskell is not empty .
For consistency sake , I ’ll also provide an F# solution as well .
When someone is first starting out learning a functional language , many of these concepts such as partial application , currying and functional composition can seem foreign .
When we ’re a beginner , we might write a function given the above scenario of determining whether a Map is not empty such as this in the interactive console :
Prelude > import Data.Map Prelude Data.Map > :t Data.Map.null Data.Map.null :: Map k a -> Bool Prelude Data .Map > let notNull m = not ( Data.Map.null m) Prelude Data .Map > :t notNull notNull :: Map k a -> Bool Prelude Data.Map > notNull ( fromList [ ( " foo " , " bar " ) , ( " bar " , " foo " ) ] )
True Prelude Data .Map > notNull empty False
But , if we remember to our previous post on the Application operator , we realize we can get a quick win here by being able to remove parentheses .
Let ’s relook at that operator ( $ ) in how it can clean up our code .
Prelude Data.Map > :t ( $ ) ( $ ) :: ( a -> b ) -> a -> b Prelude Data .Map > let notNull m = not $ Data .
Map.null m Prelude Data.Map > notNull $ fromList [ ( " foo " , " bar " ) , ( " bar " , " foo " ) ]
True Prelude Data .Map > notNull empty False
So far so good !
But , I ’m still not satisfied , however .
We can also look to drop the explicit map parameter to our function and partially apply the call to null .
By using the functional composition ( . ) operator in Haskell , we can compose the not and the partially applied null functions together such as the following :
Prelude Data.Map > :t (. ) (. ) :: ( b -> c ) -> ( a -> b ) -> a -> c Prelude Data .Map > let notNull = not .
Data.Map.null Prelude Data.Map > notNull $ fromList [ ( " foo " , " bar " ) , ( " bar " , " foo " ) ]
True Prelude Data .Map > notNull empty False
There we are , much better !
By utilizing functional programming techniques , we are able to make our functions clean and concise .
You ’ll notice that the functional composition operator in Haskell goes from right to left .
Why it makes sense is that you are reading the final desired function call to be last to understand what computation was desired .
In F# , I find myself often going back and forth between left to right composition and right to left .
Speaking of F# , we could also apply the same lessons here as well .
Let ’s start out with our beginners function once again using F# interactive :
> let isNotEmpty m = not ( Map.is_empty m ) ; ; val isNotEmpty : Map < ' a , ' b > -> bool > isNotEmpty Map.empty ; ; val it : bool = false > isNotEmpty ( Map.of_list [ ( " foo " , " bar " ) ; ( " bar " , " foo " ) ] ) ; ; val it : bool = true
As we discovered in the last post , we have the Application operator also in F# which looks like the inverse of the forward operator ( <| ) instead of ( | > ) .
Let ’s rewrite this to rid ourselves of the parentheses once again :
> ( <| ) ; ; val it : (( ' a -> ' b ) -> ' a -> ' b ) = < fun : clo@ 11 > > let isNotEmpty m = not <| Map.is_empty m ; ; val isNotEmpty : Map < ' a , ' b > -> bool > isNotEmpty Map.empty ; ; val it : bool = false > isNotEmpty <| Map.of_list [ ( " foo " , " bar " ) ; ( " bar " , " foo " ) ] ; ; val it : bool = true
And finally , we can then partially apply the Map.is_empty function to be able not have to explicitly provide the named parameter m .
We might be able to do something like this :
> let isNotEmpty = not << Map.is_empty ; ; let isNotEmpty = not << Map.is_empty ; ; ----^^^^^^^^^^^ stdin( 12 , 5 ) : error FS0030 : Value restriction .
Type inference has inferred the si gnature val isNotEmpty : ( Map < ' _a , ' _b > -> bool )
Either define ' isNotEmpty ' as a syntactic function , or add a type constraint to instantiate the type parameters .
Ouch , as we ’ve discovered here , we ’ve run into a value restriction problem .
Instead , we have to be explicit about what types we ’re using for this particular function .
We can fix this by annotating the function with a full type signature such as the following :
> let isNotEmpty < ' k , ' a > : Map < ' k , ' a > -> bool = not << Map.is_empty ; ; val isNotEmpty < ' k , ' a > : ( Map < ' k , ' a > -> bool ) > isNotEmpty Map.empty ; ; val it : bool = false > isNotEmpty <| Map.of_list [ ( " foo " , " bar " ) ; ( " bar " , " foo " ) ] ; ; val it : bool = true
At this point , it ’s debatable whether it is cleaner in F# to partially apply this function given the extra requirements levied upon us .
I still prefer partial application over the previous solution , but your mileage may vary .
One More Example
Let ’s walk through another example that is a little more complex , although not much more than the previous .
Taken from the Real World Haskell book , we want the ability to count the number of capital letters in a given string .
To do this , the code in Haskell might look like the following :
Prelude Data .
Char > let capCount = length .
filter ( isUpper . head ) .
words Prelude Data .
Char > capCount " Hello there , Mom ! " 2
What we ’re doing is first splitting on the words , then filtering on whether the first letter is upper case , then counting them .
Seems simple enough .
We can also do this in F# of course with just a small addition to create the words function .
I ’ll cheat and instead of using folds or recursion to solve it , I ’ll just use a quick Regex to do the same .
The words function is also partially applied in that I did n’t explicitly name our string parameter .
Instead , at the end I first get the Regex matches , then cast the MatchCollection to an IEnumerable < Match > , then I map each element to get the string value .
In this instance I used left to right functional composition , just to show you that I can use both .
Let ’s open our F# interactive and get typing !
> open System ; ; > open System.Text.RegularExpressions ; ; > let words = - let r = new Regex @ " \w+ " - r.
Matches >>
Seq.cast < Match > >>
Seq.map ( fun m -> m. Value ) ; ; val words : ( string -> seq < string > ) > let capCount = Seq.length << Seq.filter ( Char. IsUpper << Seq.hd ) << words ; ; val capCount : ( string -> int ) > capCount " Hello there , Mom ! " ; ; val it : int = 2
Looking at the logic for the capCount , it looks pretty much the same .
First , we split on the words , then we filter based upon the first letter being uppercase , and then finally computing the length .
There we have it , nice and simple functional composition and partial application .
Conclusion
After these two quick examples of functional composition and partial application , you now should get the idea that we ’re able to create concise functions through code reuse .
Instead of creating lambda expressions everywhere , we ’re reusing functions we ’ve already defined and composing them together to give us a rich programmatic model .
As often as lambda expressions are nice , I try often not to use them .
Instead , by reusing existing functions and composing them together , we can create more readable solutions as we can better understand the function ’s definition .
Sources close to Sony PSP development have hinted to Game On what Sony 's planning to stick in its rumored smaller , sleeker PSP Go !.
Remember this CES 2009 press release back in January ?
The one where SanDisk revealed a panoply of tinier , higher - speed memory products ?
Think those .
Think specifically the trailing bullet point , the one where Sony and SanDisk " have co-developed two expanded Memory Stick formats . "
Think something like the Memory Stick HG - Micro , with a 60 MB / s transfer rate , approximately 40 MB / s faster than original Memory Stick Duo .
As for all the folks reporting the PSP Go !'s will include dedicated internal flash memory , they may want to think again .
Ask yourself this :
Why would Sony bother ?
Think about pricing .
Think about forcing consumers to eat the extra memory cost when Sony needs to be price - competitive with Nintendo .
Think about obsolescence if memory card speeds and capacities increase in the near term .
16 GB of internal memory ?
That 's pretty much nothing at all once you 've pulled down a handful of movies and games and loaded up most of your music collection .
Look at Apple 's iPod Classic .
It 's sporting 120 GB of storage these days .
What are the ramifications ?
We all know the UMD drive 's never been the speediest kid on the block , though in the slimmed up PSP the new " UMD Cache " system option increased initial load times in trade for slightly less frenetic ongoing game access .
Still , the main complaints surrounding the UMD remain :
1 . It puts extra strain on the battery , especially when viewing movies or dealing with data that 's continuously streamed from the disc .
2 . You 've got to tote around all those kludgy little discs .
3 . The discs themselves are n't well protected .
There 's no sliding " shutter " to protect the access gap in the sleeve , allowing easy scratching or ingress and trapping of particulate .
4 . It 's slow .
5 . It 's noisy as all get out .
Forget playing in bed next to your loved one , something that 's never been a problem with my Nintendo DS .
So you ditch the UMD , and aside from the headache it'll create for those of us with large UMD libraries ( games and movies ) getting things transferred , everything now resides on a bunch of physically tinier , zippier , swappable memory cards .
No noise , less kludgy and more rugged physical footprint , plenty of expansion headroom , and you can upgrade at the speed of your wallet .
Now Sony just needs to ship a magnifying glass and a pair of tweezers with the new system , so we 're not squinting around on the ground if we drop one changing our data out .
For more gaming news and opinion , park your tweet - readers at twitter.com / game_on .
Many tens of thousands of Iranians chanted support for Mirhossein Mousavi in Tehran today after a presidential election they say was stolen from him and handed to the hardline incumbent , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
It was reporrted that shots were fired at the protesters , killing at least one person .
An Associated Press photographer saw one person shot dead and several others who appear seriously wounded in Tehran 's Azadi Square .
The shooting came from a compound for volunteer militia linked to Iran 's powerful Revolutionary Guard .
Shouting " Allahu Akbar " ( God is greatest ) , the protesters had converged on Revolution Square , where Mousavi addressed a small part of the crowd through a loud hailer and held his fists clenched above his head , in a sign of victory , after two days of the capital 's most violent unrest since the 1979 Islamic Revolution .
The gathering , which took place in defiance of an Interior Ministry ban , was a reply to Ahmadinejad 's government - organised victory rally , which also drew vast crowds on Sunday .
Supporters stretching along several kilometres of a Tehran boulevard waved green flags , Mousavi 's campaign colours , and held portraits of him aloft as they tried to take pictures on their cellphones - even though his words could not be heard above the noise of the crowd .
Iran 's state television said Mousavi , looking smiling and relaxed in a striped shirt , had said he was ready in case the election was re-run .
" Mousavi , take back our votes , " the marchers chanted before Mousavi appeared , along with other pro-reform leaders who backed his call for Friday 's election result to be overturned .
The disputed election has dismayed Western powers trying to induce the world 's fifth - biggest oil exporter to curb nuclear work that they suspect is for bomb - making , a charge Iran denies .
U.S. CONCERN
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
U.S. leaders have reacted cautiously , in the hope of keeping alive President Barack Obama 's strategy of engagement with Iran .
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs told reporters : " Obviously we continue to have concerns about what we 're seeing . "
But the European Union increased pressure on Iran to agree to opposition demands to investigate Ahmadinejad 's landslide election victory and halt a crackdown on protesters .
France , Germany and Britain led the EU campaign to persuade Iran to clarify the election results .
In Paris , Foreign Ministry spokesman Eric Chevallier said Iran 's ambassador had been summoned to hear French concerns over " the brutal repression of peaceful protests and the repeated attacks on the liberty of the press and freedom of speech " .
Britain said it was worried that events in Iran might affect any future international engagement with its government .
" The implications are not yet clear , " said British Foreign Secretary David Miliband .
" What we know is that there has been no Iranian response to the outreach that has been made by the international community , including the United States . "
In Washington , U.S. pollsters said a survey they had taken three weeks before the vote showed Ahmadinejad leading by a 2 - to - 1 ratio , greater than the declared election results .
The poll showed his victory might reflect the will of the people and not widespread fraud , pollsters Ken Ballen and Patrick Doherty said in a column in the Washington Post .
However , the poll was taken at around the time Iran 's Guardian Council approved the four candidates to stand in the election .
At the time Mousavi , who served as prime minister in the 1980s , had been out of the political spotlight for 20 years .
Ahmadinejad , by contrast , had been touring the country for months , pledging economic support for poorer districts where analysts say he draws much of his support .
Mousavi 's campaign gathered visible momentum in the last two weeks before the poll , particularly among younger middle and upper class voters in the capital Tehran .
The protests over Ahmadinejad 's re-election are the sharpest display of discontent in the Islamic Republic for a decade - and have drawn broader support than the student unrest of 1999 .
" I just want to show the president that we are not bandits , " said Maryam Sedaghati , a pro-Mousavi demonstrator in her 20s wearing a green headscarf .
" I want my vote back . "
A retired 61 - year - old teacher who gave his name only as Ali said the rally recalled the 1979 Islamic revolution .
" We used to protest against the shah in this street .
I 'm so sorry that now we have to walk the same street to preserve our rights . "
Mousavi has asked the watchdog Guardian Council to annul the result , citing irregularities .
The Interior Ministry and the president have rejected charges of fraud .
Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , who has endorsed the election result , met Mousavi on Sunday and told him to pursue his complaints " calmly and legally " , state television said .
Iran 's reformist former president , Mohammad Khatami , assailed the authorities for denying permission for the pro-Mousavi rally and said the election had dented public trust .
The 12 - man Guardian Council , whose chairman , Ayatollah Ahmad Jannati , endorsed Ahmadinejad before the vote , said it would rule within 10 days on two official complaints it had received from Mousavi and another losing candidate , Mohsen Rezaie .
The council vets election candidates and must formally approve results for the outcome to stand .
Ebrahim Yazdi , leader of the banned opposition Freedom Movement , said Ahmadinejad 's attacks on his opponents had opened a " Pandora 's box " of divisions within the establishment and between the people and their government .
" It is the biggest crisis since the revolution , " he said .
About 400 pro-reform students , many wearing green face masks to conceal their identity , gathered earlier at a mosque in Tehran University and demanded Ahmadinejad 's resignation .
Some said members of a religious militia had attacked their dormitory .
" They hit our friends and took away at least 100 students .
We have no news about their whereabouts , " said one .
University officials denied the reported incidents .
A burnt - out shell of a bus or truck lay inside the university 's dormitory compound , Reuters television pictures showed .
Across the road , a bank office had been gutted by fire .
Obama has played host to the Grateful Dead ( members pictured here before a 2008 fundraiser ) in the Oval Office .
Obama skates while Right fumes
A Democratic president thrills a French audience by telling it that America has been “ arrogant . ”
He brushes aside 50 years of anti-communist orthodoxy by relaxing restrictions against Fidel Castro ’s Cuba .
He directs his attorney general to ease a crackdown on medical marijuana and even plays host to the Grateful Dead in the Oval Office .
Several times a month in his young presidency , Barack Obama has done things that cause conservatives to bray , using the phrase once invoked by Bob Dole , “ Where ’s the outrage ? ! ”
Advertisement
The outrage is definitely there , in certain precincts of Republican politics .
What ’s notable , however , is that it mostly has stayed there — with little or no effect on Obama .
He has been blithely crossing ideological red lines and dancing on cultural third rails — the kinds of gestures that would have scorched an earlier generation of Democrats — with seeming impunity .
Obama ’s foes , and even some of his allies , are a bit mystified .
Part of the answer is generational .
Many hot - button liberal issues — decades - long obsessions for many baby boomers — have cooled a lot since the last time a Democrat occupied the White House .
And part of it is that the highest - profile Republican messengers these days are a deeply unpopular former vice president and a similarly polarizing former House speaker — both of whose days in the sun would seem to be behind them .
“ The fact is , the world has changed , ” said Charlie Cook , who has carefully studied election results for decades .
“ Whether it was [ Bill ] Clinton , [ Al ] Gore or [ John ]
Kerry , they were all spooked by ghosts .
But Obama just is n’t .
If you have n’t been around for decades hearing the ghost stories , then going in the big , dark house is n’t as scary . ”
Bill Carrick , a longtime Democratic consultant , said Obama ’s predecessors on the Democratic presidential ballot were shaped in part by what began in 1972 with George McGovern , a World War II bombardier whose public image was eviscerated .
“ They saw a guy turned into a caricature of the drug and draft - dodging culture , ” noted Carrick .
“ And politically they never forgot it .
So politically they always lived trying to avoid that baggage . ”
And so liberalizing , say , Cuban relations may have been seen as a nonstarter by these Democrats past , the equivalent of political suicide in the pivotal state of Florida .
But the 47 - year - old Obama , the first American president born after Castro came to power , sees a younger generation of Cuban - Americans who are less dogmatic about the policy and a broader public with scant memories of the Bay of Pigs .
“ Bill Clinton was first on a ballot in 1974 , and a lot of his reference points were from the Cold War and the culture wars , ” said Cook .
“ For Obama , that ’s just stuff in history books . ”
“ America is more liberal today than we were in 1993 , ” said Paul Begala , the Democratic strategist and a key lieutenant in Clinton ’s eight - year battle against the right .
“ When Clinton took office , we were still in the age of Reagan . ”
But the passage of time and deep unpopularity of former President George W. Bush have emphatically ended the conservative ascendancy , Begala argued .
“ Obama is part of that and a beneficiary of that , ” he observed .
On Time magazine ’s The Page , Mark Halperin compiled a list of things Obama had done that “ Clinton would have gotten hammered for , ” including the new Cuba policy and meeting with the Dead .
Beyond the move toward a new middle — one closer to the center - left — the sound of silence also reflects the times in which Obama is governing , where the challenges are more tangible and urgent .
Having gay families over to the White House for the Easter Egg Roll tends to be eclipsed , for example , when the U.S. government is effectively taking over major American car companies .
“ He has the benefit of nobody paying attention to anything but the economy , ” said Stuart Stevens , a longtime GOP strategist and author .
“ You have the economic equivalent of the country being at war .
Nobody on Sept. 20 , 2001 , was particularly focused on cultural issues , either . ”
What ’s more , the weakness of the Republican opposition has offered Obama a wider berth within which to operate .
“ It ’s like playing against a football team that is tired and hurt , ” said Stevens .
“ Republicans do n’t have a message or a messenger , and that makes Obama look a lot better . ”
Alex Castellanos , a veteran GOP ad man , said the once - reliable wedge issues Republicans relied on simply do n’t have the same impact anymore .
“ The foundation of the new Republican house is not going to be built on the cultural war , ” Castellanos said .
And then there is the nature of Obama ’s victory last year .
“ He had a coalition where he did n’t have to figure out how to get socially conservative voters behind him , ” noted Carrick , a South Carolina native who has helped his clients navigate the culture wars .
“ He won with younger voters , Latinos , African - Americans and college - educated suburban voters .
Those folks , for different reasons , just do n’t care about some of these issues . ”
For Begala , Carrick and other veterans of the Clinton era , it ’s a far different set of circumstances than the relatively placid times of the ’90s , when peace and prosperity were at hand and the culture wars were central .
Jennifer Palmieri , a Clinton White House aide who now works at the Center for American Progress , recalled Obama ’s appearance last month on “ The Tonight Show With Jay Leno . ”
“ It struck me that Clinton would have really gotten knocked around for going to Hollywood and doing ‘ The Tonight Show ’ in the middle of the economic crisis , ” Palmieri said .
“ But times are different now .
People have bigger things to worry about .
And this White House does a better job of staying out of the defensive crouch . ”
When a handful of Republicans in Congress did try to go after Obama for doing the show — and also for taking the time that week to fill out an NCAA tournament bracket — their criticism largely fell on deaf ears .
And , similarly , when Obama slipped up on Leno and likened his bowling skills to those of a Special Olympics athlete , the comment barely survived a single news cycle .
Clinton most likely would have been apologizing and taking heat for such a gaffe for far longer .
It was Clinton , after all , who spent a chunk of his first year in office grappling with how to address gays in the military and even whether he was spending too much time palling around with Hollywood celebrities .
But Obama has been helped by the progressive infrastructure that sprouted up during the Bush years and now serves to match or even drown out the fierce right - wing attack machine that often made Clinton ’s life miserable .
“ President Clinton was all alone , ” Begala said .
“ He was like Michael Jordan with no Scottie Pippen or any teammates . ”
Now , for example , when Obama is caught on videotape seeming to bow before Saudi royalty , he has liberal allies outside the White House to resurrect those photographs of Bush holding hands with the same Saudi king .
And Obama and his political team , while going where few Democrats would have dreamed of previously , are hardly pushing a Kucinich - esque Strength Through Peace foreign policy .
They seem to know exactly what they can push or where to draw the line .
So the president ’s admission to that French audience about American arrogance was paired with a reproach to Europeans about their tendency to bash America .
His easing of rules restricting travel to Cuba did n’t include a lifting of the long - standing trade embargo .
And his social permissiveness has not yet led him to support legalization of either marijuana or gay marriage .
On guns , Obama seems so far to be to the right of Clinton .
The president has shown no appetite to push a renewal of the assault weapons ban blamed in part for the deep congressional losses Democrats suffered in 1994 .
Still , Obama has seemingly thumbed his nose at the conservative effort last year to frame him as an exotic , even un-American , figure .
After downplaying his ties to Islam during a general election campaign aimed at winning over Middle America , Obama touted his youth spent in Indonesia and repeated his own middle name , Hussein , during a trip to Europe earlier this month .
It ’s a far cry from Clinton , who was always on guard to avoid giving fodder to the right wing and ever focused on burnishing his carefully constructed Place Called Hope image .
“ Clinton was a slave to his popularity and followed the crowd , ” said Castellanos .
“ This fellow seems to have no lack of confidence that he can get the crowd to follow him .
He sees himself as much more of a Reagan than a Clinton . ”
But Clinton loyalists say Obama has his Democratic predecessor to thank for some of the freedom to roam .
It was Clinton , argued Begala , who neutralized such flash point issues as welfare and crime — areas where Republicans had been hammering Democrats for years .
And it was Clinton ’s missteps and Gore ’s 2000 loss that effectively persuaded Obama and other establishment Democrats to retreat on the gun issue .
Still , while Obama ’s moves left may have prompted little blowback , they and most everything else he does will be subsumed in a political vortex should the economy worsen .
“ If unemployment is at 12 percent in six months , they ’ll be screaming for his head , and it wo n’t matter if he had totally shifted to the cultural right , ” said Stevens .
This article tagged under : Barack Obama
Foreign Policy
Borderlands has been hot on our radar for a while now , even before the dramatic change in art style that recently saw the game gain huge publicity .
We 've been itching to see the game in action for a while now , and our wishes were granted at E3 when we had the pleasure of watching a gameplay walkthrough with Gearbox Software boss Randy Pitchford .
We all know how good the game looks by now , but does the gameplay match the visuals ?
Read on as Jim Sterling and Conrad Zimmerman share with you their thoughts on Borderlands .
Jim Sterling :
Ever since Borderlands changed its graphics to the amazing hand - drawn style that has made it famous , I 've wanted to know one thing -- just how beautiful do those images look when they 're in motion ?
The question has been answered , and I must say I am incredibly impressed with what I 've seen .
The characters and enemies look very striking indeed and the first - person perspective evokes memories of the cel - shaded shooter XIII , which is most definitely a good thing .
Borderlands , however , looks even better than XIII did .
The gameplay seems pretty bloody good to boot , as well .
The demo was a co-op session in which the female Lilith and the bulky brawler Brick took on some Skag Pups .
When someone says " Skag Pup " I think of a dog on heroin , but these things are more like the walking worms from Tremors 2 .
They roam in packs and come in variants , such as acid and fire spitters .
Elite enemies in the game are referred to as " Badasses , " which gives you an idea about how seriously the game takes itself ( not very ) .
The game presents itself as a straight FPS , but with heavily customizable characters , skill trees , experience points and , of course , plenty of loot .
It is similar in many ways to Fallout 3 , but with the VATS removed and replaced instead by far more robust shooting mechanics that do n't need a gimmick in order to remain playable .
Like Fallout 3 , Borderlands has a very apparent sense of humor .
It also has plenty of missions to be undertaken in an open world , and is suitably gory , with special skills that tend to make heads explode in a shower of artistic claret .
We were shown how players can drop in and out of games , with characters easily able to team up whenever they please .
The procedurally generated monsters also scale with respect to how many players are in the game , becoming stronger to match the larger allied force .
The main mission we were shown involved blowing up an enemy factory .
It was being protected by Midget Bandits ( yes , that is their in - game name ) and creatures with , as Randy puts it , " tiny little gimp arms . "
Playing from the perspective of Brick , we got to see some first - person brawling , with enemies getting punched left , right and center .
We also saw Brick 's special " Berserk " power which , as you might expect , makes him an absolutely vicious bugger with his fists and causes him to laugh like a maniac with each kill .
It 's all very family - friendly .
The mission ended with the factory exploding , and what an explosion it was !
It started small , but quickly became huge , with the building slowly being torn apart and structures crumbling before one 's very eyes .
It was a very impressive setpiece and one hopes that there are even bigger bangs than that one buried within the game .
My initial impressions of Borderlands are very positive indeed .
It 'll take me getting some hands - on with the game in order to properly gauge just how good it is , but so far it 's looking rather excellent .
This is definitely a game to watch as we head toward its end of year release .
Do n't let Borderlands slip from your radar .
Conrad Zimmerman :
I , too , am thoroughly impressed by what I 've seen of Borderlands thus far .
Having watched the same gameplay demo that Jim has , I took away much the same view of the game 's visuals and gameplay mechanics .
The thing about Borderlands which stuck out most in my mind was the loot and experience system .
Never before have I seen a shooter which so closely resembled Diablo II .
As Jim points out , players who team up in groups face more difficult enemies but are rewarded with more valuable gear and granted greater experience points .
Also fascinating are the weapons available .
The claim is that there are " more guns than every shooter on the PS3 and 360 combined " and this seems entirely possible .
The way they managed to accomplish such a feat was by not placing the onus of weapon creation entirely in the hands of designers .
The game 's AI handles all of that for them , putting together weapons based on a variety of factors such as the company which made it , the materials used and what optional equipment is available .
What results is that every possible combination of these factors can result in a different gun .
This calls into question whether or not the game can remain balanced -- the system is perfectly capable of churning out some god - like weapon at a moment 's notice -- but that 's some of the thrill of the experience in my eyes .
Amusingly , when asked about the possibility of such a thing happening , the folks at Gearbox seem gleefully unconcerned .
That 's probably because PvP combat is completely voluntary and holds little consequence .
There are arenas within the world where players can battle one another if they so choose .
A system for duels also exists to allow players to throw down with one another anywhere on the map but you have to opt in for any sort of PvP and that makes the weapon balance much less of a concern .
The game has a strong showing right now and looks to be a lot of over - the - top , hyper - violent fun .
The thought of combining a shooter with Diablo tickles me in so many ways that I 've already started making plans with my friends to have a team together when the game comes out late this year .
Click to open photo gallery :
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Supporters of Iran 's defeated presidential candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi have held another big rally in northern Tehran .
Hours before , thousands of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's supporters staged their own protest in the city centre .
The opposition rally went ahead despite an official offer of a partial recount of the poll , which returned Mr Ahmadinejad to power .
Tough new restrictions have been imposed on foreign media reporting .
The curbs came amid apparent surprise and concern among the authorities at the scale of popular defiance over Friday 's official election results , correspondents say .
VOTE RECOUNT Jon Leyne
Reporting from Tehran
In a way we 've reached a bit of a deadlock .
The government can't work out how to deal with the unprecedented demonstrations .
But the opposition is disorganised , it has no co-ordination , no strategy .
And the demonstrators , despite the radical nature of what they are doing , do n't fully perceive the way in which they are threatening the foundations of Islamic Republic .
This has gone way beyond disputed elections .
I do n't think the offer of a recount will have much effect .
They have n't said who would do the recount , what about irregularities on election day ?
Nothing less than a full re-run of the election would satisfy the opposition .
I can't see how government would offer that .
The Supreme Leader has staked so much on the results of this election , it would be a massive u-turn .
Q&A : Latest from Tehran President Ahmadinejad was declared the easy victor of the presidential poll on Saturday , with results giving him 63 % of votes against 34 % for Mr Mousavi .
But the opposition alleged widespread irregularities .
The powerful Guardian Council says it is ready to recount some votes from the poll .
A spokesman for the Council , Abbas Ali Kadkhoda'i , told the state broadcaster Irin that the council had met representatives of the presidential candidates and would look into their allegations .
But opposition candidates have demanded a full re-run of the election .
On Tuesday evening , Ayatollah Khamenei - who has backed the Guardian Council 's recount - called for " tolerance " and " patience " during a TV address on Tuesday evening .
But he also referred to Mr Ahmadinejad as the country 's elected president - apparently prejudging the recount , said correspondents .
Rallies continue
Anger at the official result saw hundreds of thousands of Mr Mousavi 's supporters take to the streets on Monday - in a rally the size of which correspondents said not been seen in Tehran since the 1979 revolution .
A witness told the BBC that Tuesday 's rally was even bigger than Monday 's - though this cannot be independently confirmed - and the state Press TV also described it as large .
Witnesses described demonstrators walking in near silence towards state TV headquarters - apparently anxious not to be depicted as hooligans by authorities .
Thousands of Ahmadinejad supporters also rallied in Tehran Thousands of supporters of President Ahmadinejad staged their own rally in Vali Asr Square in central Tehran - some bussed in from the provinces , correspondents say .
The latest opposition rally comes despite a Mousavi spokesman urging supporters not to take part in another demonstration on Tuesday , amid fears of new violence .
Iran 's police chief , Gen Ahmadi Moqaddam , has warned action will be taken against any unauthorised protest , and " will quell any unrest " .
Hospital officials say eight people died in violence which erupted at the end of Monday 's rally , which authorities blamed on " thugs " .
Since then , the authorities have imposed tough new restrictions on foreign journalists operating in Tehran - the most sweeping restrictions our correspondent in Tehran , Jon Leyne , says he has ever faced .
They must now obtain explicit permission before leaving the office to cover any story .
Journalists have also been banned from attending or reporting on any " unauthorised " demonstration - and it is unclear which if any of the protests are formally authorised .
Arrests
Some telephone , SMS and internet services have also been restricted , prompting some protesters to turn to the internet messaging service Twitter to communicate .
GUARDIAN COUNCIL
Iran 's most powerful body , currently controlled by conservatives Includes six theologians picked by Supreme Leader and six jurists approved by parliament
Half the members change every three years Approves bills passed by parliament and can veto them if deemed inconsistent with the constitution or Islamic law
The council can also bar candidates from standing in elections
US asks for Twitter outage delay Iranians blog on election crisis Iranians use video to tell story
The importance of such new means of communication was highlighted by a US official on Tuesday .
The official said the state department contacted Twitter over the weekend to urge it to delay a planned upgrade that could have cut daytime service to Iranians .
Dozens of people have been arrested since the protests began - including Mohammad Ali Abtahi , a close aide of ex-President Mohammad Khatami , and journalist and academic Ahmad Zeidabadi .
On Tuesday , lawyer Abdolfatah Soltani of the Human Rights Defenders ' Centre was arrested , a colleague told AFP news agency .
The centre is led by Iranian Nobel peace prizewinner Shirin Ebadi .
Unrest has also been reported in other Iranian cities including Mashhad , Isfahan and Shiraz .
In Isfahan , a demonstrator , Arash , told the BBC that the religious police initially tried to quash a protest using tear gas and throwing stones , but that they had retreated as the size of the crowd grew .
" Then people headed towards a building where the religious police are based , because they were angry that the religious police had attacked them with stones .
" So people set their bikes on fire .
They started shouting slogans like ' death to the dictator ' , and they were inviting the army and the police to join the real people , " he told the BBC .
It 's young people themselves who are organising these protests ...
It 's just word of mouth and a feeling of anger that gets people out on the streets
Arash
Pro-opposition protester in Isfahan
Q&A : Who 's who in Iran How Iran is ruled Arash added that it was a sense of disillusionment with Iranian politics that was driving the protests .
" It 's young people themselves who are organising these protests ...
It 's just word of mouth and a feeling of anger that gets people out on the streets . "
Foreign concern
In Washington , President Barack Obama again expressed " deep concern " at events in Iran , but said it would not be helpful if the US was seen to be " meddling " .
Earlier , EU foreign ministers expressed " serious concern " and called for an inquiry into the conduct of the election .
But the Iranian authorities have bristled over the criticism .
On Tuesday the Iranian foreign ministry summoned the Czech charge d'affaires in Tehran to complain over the EU's " rude and interfering " remarks .
Meanwhile , President Ahmadinejad arrived in Russia on Tuesday .
He told a regional summit that the " age of empires " had ended , but made no mention of the protests .
Are you in Iran ?
What do you think of the current situation ?
If you have any information you would like to share with the BBC you can do so using the form below : Send your pictures and video to yourpics@bbc.co.uk or text them to +44 7725 100 100 .
If you have a large file you can upload here .
Read the terms and conditions
At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
© 2011 Clipart.com
© 2011 Clipart.com
Purpose
To orient students to the plight of endangered species and to help them understand and gain perspective on human issues that continue to endanger species and threaten our global environment .
Context
This lesson is part of a two - part series on endangered species .
The first lesson , Endangered Species 1 : Why Are Species Endangered ?
introduces and explores the various issues and problems faced by endangered species globally .
The second lesson , Endangered Species 2 : Working to Save Endangered Species , may be done sequentially or independently , since it focuses less on the science and more on the actual work of saving endangered species .
The earth is comprised of many different life forms , including plants , animals , humans , and other organisms .
These various life forms are highly interdependent and have formed important systems that continually reshape the planet 's landscapes , oceans , and atmospheres .
Booming human population growth over the last two centuries has put , and continues to put , many of these life - sustaining systems out of balance and in serious jeopardy , endangering many of the plant and animal species that human beings directly and indirectly depend upon for long - term survival .
Bigger human populations naturally mean increases in human activities worldwide , leading to changes in landscapes , oceans , atmospheres , and the path of human history .
For example , as noted in the benchmark of this lesson , human activities like reducing the amount of forest cover , increasing the amount and variety of chemicals released into the atmosphere , and intensive farming , have changed the earth 's land , oceans , and atmosphere .
Some of these changes have decreased the capacity of the environment to support some life forms .
( Science For All Americans , p. 46 . )
It 's important that students begin to realize that human populations and activities will continue to grow and to threaten the earth 's habitat and capacity to sustain life , putting once flourishing plant and animal species on the ever - increasing endangered species list .
The National Wildlife Federation ( NWF ) forecasts that the human population is slated to reach 8.5 billion in 2025 , up from 5.2 billion in 1990 .
Right now , the NWF asserts that plant and animal species are disappearing at least 1,000 times faster than any other time in the last 65 million years .
It also claims that habitat loss is accounting for almost 75 percent of the extinctions occurring now .
While statistics become more and more staggering , human beings seem to be doing very little to address these long - term , disastrous issues .
Students should come to understand that the earth and its various species will continue to be threatened and that most of humanity is either uninformed or seemingly too preoccupied to care about the slow and dying animal and plant species that help to give everyone life .
As a result , students at this level should begin to become aware of environmental policies and issues and of the critical role that science education can play in helping us save ourselves now by saving other life forms .
By the 6 –8 grade level , students should have a general understanding of how life forms like plants , animals , and humans can cause changes in their surroundings .
As with the study of earthquakes , volcanoes , and floods , it is important to grab student 's general interest in these areas and lead them toward the scientific aspects behind these threats to endangered species and the highly dangerous , yet less obvious , less dramatic , long - term threats it poses for present and future generations .
( Benchmarks for Science Literacy , pp. 71-73 . )
Research in the area of earth - shaping processes reveals the following misconceptions that may need to be addressed in the course of the lesson : “ Students of all ages may hold the view that the world was always as it is now , or that any changes that have occurred must have been sudden and comprehensive .
The students in these studies did not , however , have any formal instruction on the topics investigated . "
( Benchmarks for Science Literacy , p. 336 . )
Motivation
As a way to stimulate interest and focus students for the lesson , hold an open class discussion to find out what students already know about endangered species .
Ask questions like the ones below .
Accept all reasonable answers in an effort to create a broad - ranged and free - flowing discussion of students ' ideas and feelings about this ongoing , global dilemma .
Ask students :
Is the world a safe place for all animals and plants ?
Why or why not ?
What does it mean for a species to be endangered ?
What , if anything , do you know about this topic ?
What animal or plant species do you know of that are endangered or extinct ?
As a way to direct their attention to the benchmark for this lesson , ask questions like these :
Why do you think species are endangered ?
How do you think or feel about this ongoing global problem ?
What , if anything , happens when an animal or plant species becomes extinct ?
How do you think this situation can be realistically improved ?
Why should it be improved ?
Next , have students use their Save Our Animals student esheet to explore Endangered and Threatened Species .
This resource will provide students with a basic orientation on the plight of endangered species , humanity 's role , why protection is important , and how they can help in this vital cause .
Encourage students to take notes on key facts and statistics in order to answer these questions as part of an open class discussion .
Ask students :
What is the difference between a threatened species and an endangered species ?
( Endangered species are those plants and animals that are so rare they are in danger of becoming extinct .
Threatened species are plants and animals whose numbers are very low or decreasing rapidly .
Threatened species are not endangered yet , but are likely to become endangered in the future . )
Why should we protect endangered species ?
( Some possible answers might include : ( 1 ) saving species preserves ecosystems : species are an important part of what make up ecosystems ; maintaining healthy ecosystems ensures a healthy biosphere ; ( 2 ) practical uses of species : when species become extinct , we may lose a potentially valuable product ; and ( 3 ) aesthetic reasons : when species become extinct , we lose objects of fascination , wonder , and beauty . )
As a human being , how do you think or feel about this ongoing global and potentially disastrous problem ?
( Accept all answers .
Encourage students to support their feelings and views with examples . )
How can you as an individual help this cause ?
( Possible answers might include some of the following : ( 1 ) support zoos , nature centers , nature reserves , or botanical gardens ; volunteer money , time , and ideas ; ( 2 ) start a native plants garden or use a spot in your backyard to attract wildlife ; ( 3 ) avoid buying ivory , snakeskin belts , alligator boots , and other products made from endangered animals ; and ( 4 ) keep learning about plants and animals ; share what you 've learned with others . )
Development
Now that students are focused and well oriented about the ongoing threat to endangered species , they are ready take on the special Save Our Animals project for this lesson , a hypothetical global campaign which has chosen your class to create posters of endangered species to promote greater environmental awareness worldwide .
First , read The 21st Century Save Our Animals Project student sheet , which follows a Webquest - style format .
To summarize , students will be required to further research the plight of endangered species ; create a poster of a selected animal ; and present their poster , research , and advertising approach to the class .
Students will need the Endangered Species Profile student sheet to complete their research on their chosen animal species .
There are two primary Web sources used for this project .
The first is Species At Risk , which will provide students with a broader and more detailed orientation to endangered species .
Please note the following about this site and its use :
This site focuses on Canadian species .
Before students research the site , emphasize to them that , although the site has a Canadian focus , its information on endangered species is global .
The global problem is students ' primary focus .
After teams finish reviewing the site , it is highly recommended that you hold an open class discussion to review what they have learned and answer any questions they might have on how it pertains to their project .
Have them address these questions :
What are the primary ways in which species are endangered ?
( These include habitat destruction ; human disturbance ; garbage ; hunting , fishing , and harvesting ; killing the food supply ; global warming ; and introducing alien species . )
Which of these are caused by human activities ?
( All of them . )
What does this mean for the future of our planet and future generations ?
( Accept all reasonable responses .
Encourage students to elaborate on their answers , using examples . )
What facts , statistics , or ideas made the biggest impression on you ?
Why ?
Think about how you may apply this to the posters and profiles you will develop .
( Accept all reasonable responses .
Encourage students to elaborate on their answers and use examples . )
The second resource , Animal Info - World 's Rarest Mammals , lists over 30 endangered mammals from which teams can choose one as a basis for their posters and profiles .
This also will be their primary source for research on their selected species .
Optional Resources :
Depending on the level of interest , time availability , and Web access , you may choose to allow your students to research endangered species and their poster animals beyond the two resources above .
For this effort , you may recommend that they do general searches online or look at the resources highlighted in the Extensions section .
Assessment
Teams are given the option of using either downloaded pictures of their animal or drawings they create for their posters .
Since students vary in their artistic abilities , it is important that you let them know that they will not be graded on which option they choose , but on the overall creativity of their design , layout , message , and impact .
Content and impression are the keys in this exercise .
At the end of their poster presentations , it is important to review and reinforce what students learned about endangered species .
Through discussion or a brief summary , students should walk away from this lesson with solid orientation on :
the nature and causes ( human ) of species endangerment
the kinds of present and future threats that species endangerment and extinction is causing
the virtually unstoppable impending danger of human population growth and its seemingly unavoidable impact on the environment
the ongoing problem of informing or connecting with the public about the danger it is causing to the environment
the kinds of resources available and solutions needed to begin leading a life of informed environmental responsibility
Extensions
Follow this lesson with the second lesson in the Endangered Species series : Endangered 2 : Working to Save Endangered Species .
Science NetLinks lessons Food Webs in the Bay and Yellowstone Wolves can be used to extend the ideas in this lesson .
Send us feedback about this Lesson >
[ The following is an exact transcript of this podcast . ]
When an Iraqi reporter threw his shoe at President Bush , University of Washington neurologists were delighted .
But not because of politics .
The fling was just real - world evidence of a theory they were testing .
As the shoe flew , Bush ducked while Iraqi Prime Minister Maliki , who was standing right beside him , barely flinched .
The reason , the researchers say , is that we have a dual vision system .
Our brains " see " things well before our eyes do .
Their report is in the June 11th issue of the journal Current Biology .
The scientists contend that Bush ducked because his brain ’s action pathway categorized the trajectory of the shoe as a threat well before his perception pathway began to track its flight .
Meanwhile , Maliki realized the shoe was n’t headed his way and did n’t take evasive action .
The scientists say this mirrors computer simulations where test subjects respond much faster to approaching visual stimuli when those objects are on a trajectory lined up with their heads .
Basically , your brain will tell you whether an item is a threat even before you know you saw it .
The findings could apply to everyone from ballplayers to loafers .
— Adam Hinterthuer
National Builders , with more than 31 years of experience in the Construction Industry possess a persistent position among the best builders of the country .
National Builders has redefined the landscape of India , across different verticals including Residential , Commercial and Retail .
A quick glance at the numbers would reveal 125 Completed Projects .
Currently we have projects at different stages of construction – on going , ready to occupy and new launches at the most sought after locations in Mumbai , Cochin and Chengannur .
" De bajo de mi manto , al rey mato . "
( An old Spanish proverb )
What is the rationale for hate crimes legislation ?
Sheila Jackson - Lee ( D , Tx - 18 ) must have some idea , since she has introduced The David Ray Hate Crimes Prevention Act of 2009 " ( HR256 ) in the U.S. House of Representatives .
This bill " Amends the federal criminal code to impose penalties for willfully causing bodily injury to any person … because of the actual or perceived race , color , religion , national origin , gender , sexual orientation , or disability of any person , where the offense is in or affects interstate or foreign commerce . "
It " directs the U.S. Sentencing Commission to study the issue of adult recruitment of juveniles to commit hate crimes and , if appropriate , to amend the federal sentencing guideline to provide sentencing enhancements for such an offense . "
In one respect , hate crimes legislation defies the age - old logic of punishment .
Webster 's defines hate as " intense hostility and aversion usually deriving from fear , anger , or sense of injury . "
In the past , people generally regarded intense passion as a mitigating factor in the commission of a crime , though usually not sufficient simply to exonerate the person responsible .
The influence of intense passion was taken to indicate a diminished capacity for rational choice , like the influence of alcohol or drugs .
Of course , such ideas assumed that laws aimed to constrain behavior , not punish heretical states of mind .
Liberals nowadays are disposed to blather condescendingly about the separation of church and state when it comes to defending the natural family or legally established standards of decency for sexual behavior .
Ironically , their penchant for hate crimes legislation seems intent on revisiting the mentality of the medieval statutes that enabled the Inquisition - laws that insisted on states of mind that satisfied a standard of purity in the understanding and observance of sacred ideas , people and things .
Much like the special penalties imposed by some religions for mistreatment of sacred groups of people or animals , the proponents of " hate crimes " legislation deal in special classes of people against whom criminal acts are somehow more grievous and offensive .
Pity benighted individuals like me , who actually thought it an advance in jurisprudence when people concluded that actions , rather than thoughts and attitudes , are the proper objects of legal regulation and punishment .
How absurd were those philosophers of human liberty who saw efforts to impose purity of thought and attitude as thin excuses for sectarian persecution or vengefulness .
Of course , today 's benevolent liberals are n't looking for excuses to arrest and try those who disagree with their promotion of homosexuality .
They are n't seeking a legal excuse to censor the language of preachers who reject their worship of hedonistic sexuality .
They are liberals , whose sole aim is to free the world from every semblance of thought that might produce an evil consequence , provided only that everyone is made to think of good and evil exactly as they do .
Sarcasm aside , hate crimes legislation is the statutory framework for the forceful imposition of a political and social religion .
The so - called liberals mean to institutionalize intolerance , even as they loudly proclaim Holy Tolerance as their all in all .
Because we seek to protect a form of human life that they despise , they defame as bigots or religious fanatics people working to re-establish respect for the law against abortion .
Meanwhile they move boldly to use the force of law to punish the thoughts and attitudes of any who move against the sacred untouchables of their new cult of sexual pleasure and self - indulgence .
Behind their phony slogans of hope and progress comes the return of Dark Age zealotry , dressed up in the fleshy tones of New Age vanity and glamour .
I say unequivocally that I hate this camouflaged return to the dark ages .
I detest the persecution of people for their beliefs , thoughts and attitudes .
More than anything that has to do with the body , this effort to delve into and directly impose upon the mind rapes the deepest form of privacy and smacks of the detestable crimes that invade the truly most intimate places of human existence in order to impose the leering tastes and heartless fancies of spiritual tyrants disguised as lawmakers and judges .
If someone has bad judgment enough to hate me , I say let them do so , so long as it never produces an action otherwise against the law .
When and if it does , they should be subject to the same punishment that I or anyone else would suffer for the same act , with nothing added or taken away because of their putative beliefs or feelings about me .
Adding to the burden of punishment because of their hate exposes me and every other person in society to a danger worse than any crime of hatred .
It comes in the form of crimes that simply disregard first conscience and then humanity in order to treat people with the hate - less , cold - blooded ruthlessness of those who feel nothing as they order or tolerate the deaths of millions .
Odd is n't it , that what are ostensibly efforts to cure hate may mask the insidious encouragement of the state of mind that , with ruthless efficiency , lends itself to the tasks required in order to impose totalitarian rule .
It also leads to a society of people grown accustomed to the presence of the state in the one precinct of our existence that ought to be reserved for us , for us and God alone .
Skip to comments .
Stella Awards
received via email | unknown
Posted on by ml / nj
It 's time again for the annual " Stella Awards " !
For those unfamiliar with these awards , they are named after 81 - year - old Stella Liebeck who spilled hot coffee on herself and successfully sued the McDonald 's in New Mexico where she purchased the coffee .
You remember ..... she took the lid off the coffee and put it between her knees while she was driving .
Who would ever think one could get burned doing that - right ?
That 's right , these are awards for the most outlandish lawsuits and verdicts in the U.S.
You know , the kinds of cases that make you scratch your head .
So keep your head scratcher handy .
Here are the Stella 's for the past year :
7TH PLACE :
Kathleen Robertson of Austin , Texas was awarded $ 80,000 by a jury of her peers after breaking her ankle tripping over a toddler who was running inside a furniture store .
The store owners were understandably surprised by the verdict , considering the running toddler was her own son .
6TH PLACE :
Carl Truman , 19 , of Los Angeles , California won $ 74,000 plus medical expenses when his neighbor ran over his hand with a Honda Accord .
Truman apparently did n't notice there was someone at the wheel of the car when he was tr ying to steal his neighbor 's hub caps .
Go ahead , grab your head scratcher .
5TH PLACE :
Terrence Dickson , of Bristol , Pennsylvania , was leaving a house he had just burglarized by way of the garage .
Unfortunately for Dickson , the automatic garage door opener malfunctioned and he could not get the garage door to open .
Worse , he could n't re-enter the house because the door connecting the garage to the house locked when Dickson pulled it shut .
Forced to sit for eight , count 'em , EIGHT , days on a case of Pepsi and a large bag of dry dog food , he sued the homeowner 's insurance company claiming undue mental Anguish .
Amazingly , the jury said the insurance company must pay Dickson $ 500,000 for his anguish .
We should all have t his kind of anguish .
Keep scratching .
There are more ...
4TH PLACE :
Jerry Williams , of Little Rock , Arkansas , garnered 4th Place in the Stella 's when he was awarded $ 14,500 plus medical expenses after being bitten on the butt by his next door neighbor 's beagle - even though the beagle was on a chain in its owner 's fenced yard .
Williams did not get as much as he asked for because the jury believed the beagle might have been provoked at the time of the butt bite because Williams had climbed over the fence into the yard and repeatedly shot the dog with a pellet gun .
Grrrrr ... Scratch , scratch .
3RD PLACE :
Third place goes to Amber Carson of Lancaster , Pennsylvania because a jury ordered a Philadelphia restaurant to pay her $ 113 , 500 after she slipped on a spilled soft drink and broke her tailbone .
The reason the soft drink was on the floor : Ms. Carson had thrown it at her boyfriend 30 seconds earlier during an argument .
What ever happened to people being responsible for their own actions ?
Scratch , scratch , scratch .
Hang in there ; there are only two more Stellas to go ...
2ND PLACE :
Kara Walton , of Claymont , Delaware sued the owner of a night club in a nearby city because she fell from the bathroom window to the floor , knocking out her two front teeth .
Even though Ms. Walton was trying to sneak through the ladies room window to avoid paying the $ 3.50 cover charge , the jury said the night club had to pay her $ 12,000 .... oh , yeah , plus dental expenses .
Go figure .
1ST PLACE : ( May I have a fanfare played on 50 kazoos please ? )
This year 's runaway First Place Stella Award winner was Mrs. Merv Grazinski , of Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , who purchased a new 32 - foot Winnebago motor home .
On her first trip home from an OU football game , having driven onto the freeway , she set the cruise control at 70 mph and calmly left the driver 's seat to go to the back of the Winnebago to make herself a sandwich .
Not surprisingly , the motor home left the freeway , crashed and overturned .
Also not surprisingly , Mrs. Grazinski sued Winnebago for not putting in the owner 's manual that she could n't actually leave the driver 's seat while the cruise control was set .
The Oklahoma jury awarded her , are you sitting down , $ 1,750,000 PLUS a new motor home .
Winnebago actually changed their manuals as a result of this suit , just in case Mrs. Grazinski has any relatives who might also buy a motor home .
TOPICS :
KEYWORDS :
insanity
legal
stella
To : ml / nj
These stories make me mindsick .
by 2 posted onby StAntKnee ( I 'm keeping track of failed bids , and Sarah Palin is considered exempt . )
To : ml / nj
Sounds suspicious ............
by 3 posted onby Red Badger ( I was sad because I had no shoes to throw , until I met a reporter who had no feet .....)
To : ml / nj
What can you say ..... OMG ....
To : ml / nj
The first thing you do ...
by 5 posted onby facedown ( Armed in the Heartland )
To : ml / nj
To : ml / nj
No cure for stupid .
by 7 posted onby ZirconEncrusted Tweezers ( I figure the odds be fifty - fifty I just might have somethin ' to say )
To : Red Badger
Merv Grazinski : An Urban Legend
by Walter Williams ( January 6 , 2004 ) Literally hundreds of readers informed me that in last week 's column , " Some Things I Wonder About , " my reference to a Merv Grazinski of Oklahoma City -- who set his 32 - foot Winnebago on cruise control , left the driver 's seat to brew a cup of coffee , crashed , then sued Winnebago for not having a warning against the dangers of doing so and received a jury award of $ 1,750,000 plus a new motor home -- was an urban legend and as such totally false .
My having fallen for this " urban legend " points to more due diligence to fact - checking .
Without making any excuses whatsoever for my lapse in due diligence , let 's look at it .
Thirty , 40 or 50 years ago , no one in their right mind would have believed the Merv Grazinski urban legend possible , but not so today .
Personal responsibility has taken a back seat in our increasingly immoral and litigious society .
Consider some actual lawsuits researched at ( www.overlawyered.com).
The wife of a hockey fan who crashed his car after drinking too much at a Minnesota Wild game has sued the team , saying her husband who was paralyzed in the Feb.
8 , 2002 , auto crash should n't have been served so much alcohol .
According to the July 10 , 2002 , Akron Beacon Journa , " Two carpet installers who admit they read the label of an adhesive they used , admit they understood the adhesive was flammable and should not be used inside , used it inside anyway , caused an explosion , were burned badly , sued and won $ 8 million dollars . "
According to the April 18 , 2003 , Indianapolis Star : " A convicted robber is suing the convenience store clerk who shot him as he fled after a holdup .
Willie Brown , 44 , claimed the clerk acted ' maliciously and sadistically ' in firing five shots as Brown ran out of Zipps Deli with money from the store 's cash register . "
Brown , who has earlier convictions for robbery and burglary , pleaded guilty to robbery and was sentenced to four years in prison .
In Galveston , Texas , a jury awarded $ 65 million to the parents and estate of a woman who drowned after her car rolled off a boat ramp .
She could n't disengage her seat belt .
The jury found Honda of America Manufacturing Co. Inc. and Honda R & D Co. Ltd. 75 percent responsible for the death of Karen Norman , even though her blood - alcohol level measured at nearly twice the Texas legal limit ( .17 ) .
Fortunately , an appeals court threw out the award , which a trial judge had previously reduced to $ 43 million .
Then there 's the infamous McDonald 's case , where Stella Liebeck purchased hot coffee , placed it between her legs , spilling it and scalding herself , and was awarded $ 2.9 million for her troubles .
Clearly , she was at fault , but George Mason University Law Professor Richard Bernstein points out that a proximate cause for her injury was the fact she was wearing a cotton sweat suit that absorbed the coffee and held it close to her body .
However , if she were wearing a Gore - Tex suit , or some other liquid resistant material , she would have suffered no injuries .
Bernstein asks what 's the tort principle that holds McDonald 's responsible but not the sweat suit manufacturer ?
None of these cases , and many others , differs in principle from the Merv Grazinski urban legend .
What 's common to all of them is the absolution or the attempt at absolution from personal responsibility .
Are people to be held responsible for their actions ?
In the case of tobacco use , it 's not the smoker who 's responsible for his illness , it 's tobacco companies .
In the case of obesity , it 's not the individual , but fast food companies and food manufacturers who are responsible .
It 's the same with criminal violence -- the gun manufacturer is partly to blame .
What does all this say for the future of our nation ?
ML/NJ
Well , if I was taken in , I have good company !
ML/NJ
To : ml / nj
This is a Hoax .
by 9 posted onby trumandogz ( The Democrats are driving us to Socialism at I00 MPH - The GOP is driving us to Socialism at 97.5 MPH )
To : Red Badger
At least that Cat is smart enough to spot an urban legend .
by 10 posted onby trumandogz ( The Democrats are driving us to Socialism at I00 MPH - The GOP is driving us to Socialism at 97.5 MPH )
To : trumandogz
Everything was believable up until # 1 .
Then the story sounded familiar , and I knew something was not kosher in the state of Maine .............
by 11 posted onby Red Badger ( I was sad because I had no shoes to throw , until I met a reporter who had no feet .....)
To : Red Badger
I had it at number 1 also .
You see , OU fans to not go to games driving an RV they go on the Greyhound Bus .
by 12 posted onby trumandogz ( The Democrats are driving us to Socialism at I00 MPH - The GOP is driving us to Socialism at 97.5 MPH )
To : ml / nj
Remember folks , liberals do n’t think Tort Reform is necessary ......
by 13 posted onby Badeye ( There are no ' great moments ' in Moderate Political History .
Only losses . )
To : Badeye
Remember folks , liberals dont think Tort Reform is necessary ......
The only thing that is clear is that both liberals and conservatives fall for Internet Hoaxes .
by 14 posted onby trumandogz ( The Democrats are driving us to Socialism at I00 MPH - The GOP is driving us to Socialism at 97.5 MPH )
To : ml / nj
You ’ve got to be freaking kidding me .
This reads like Mad Magazine .
by 15 posted onby Skooz ( Gabba Gabba we accept you we accept you one of us Gabba Gabba we accept you we accept you one of us )
To : ml / nj
Had me going , but the last entry ruined it .
The winner story has been making the rounds for YEARS , only the “ driver ” ID has changed .
First time I heard it back in the early 70’s , the driver as an Iranian .
In the 80’s it was a Nigerian .
90 ’s was a stoner from CA .
To : ml / nj
by 17 posted onby JoeProBono ( Apparitions are in the eye of the beholder )
To : Prokopton
by 18 posted onby PERKY2004 ( Proud Military Wife -- my DH is in his 26th year of military service !
PRAY 4 OUR TROOPS !)
To : trumandogz
Maybe .
But sorry , your dead wrong about not needing Tort Reform .
The woman from the McDonalds hot coffee lawsuit demonstrates it beyond any doubt .... except with you , apparently .
Having been a victim of a frivilous lawsuit in the late 1990 ’s , I know what I ’m talking about here .
by 19 posted onby Badeye ( There are no ' great moments ' in Moderate Political History .
Only losses . )
To : Badeye
I did not say that tort reform was not necessary .
However , my wife the attorney may disagree with us .
by 20 posted onby trumandogz ( The Democrats are driving us to Socialism at I00 MPH - The GOP is driving us to Socialism at 97.5 MPH )
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
' Dyslexic children simply struggle to read ' : Expert claims tens of thousands are being falsely diagnosed
Misdiagnosis : Education expert Professor Joe Elliott says thousands of children are being falsely labelled as dyslexic
Tens of thousands of pupils are being falsely diagnosed with dyslexia because parents and schools failed to teach them to read properly , according to a leading academic .
Professor Joe Elliott , of Durham University , said parents whose children have trouble with reading often push for the dyslexic ' label ' simply to secure extra help for them .
But in fact there are many children who simply struggle to read and require help at an early age .
He voiced his concerns as figures suggested a steep rise in the number of children being termed dyslexic .
Professor Elliot said that around one in ten children - more than a million - are now diagnosed with the condition , up from barely any two decades ago .
Figures from exams watchdog Ofqual have shown that the number of candidates granted extra help to pass their exams has doubled in just three years .
Schools agreed 105,000 requests for special assistance during exams in 2008 - usually in the form of extra time - compared with 44,000 in 2005 .
They have the discretion to agree up to 25 per cent of extra time - 45 minutes extra for a three - hour exam .
There was also an increase in the number of requests approved by exam boards for special help , though these normally relate to the more serious cases .
The surge in diagnoses has led to claims that , for some children , dyslexia is a ' middle - class badge for illiteracy ' .
Professor Elliott , director of research at the university 's school of education , said : ' Many of the messages that I have received from parents have pointed out that the system has forced them to use the dyslexic label in order to access additional resources .
Controversial : Professor Elliott sparked a media storm after the 2005 Channel 4 programme Dispatches : The Dyslexia Myth , featuring Tina ( pictured ) , in which he said the condition was very difficult to diagnose accurately
' Parents believe that if their child were to be diagnosed as dyslexic , clear ways of remediating their problems would emerge . '
Professor Elliott went on to warn that dyslexia was not easily identifiable .
One recent study into the condition identified 28 slightly different definitions of the term .
Symptoms typically associated with it included everything from poor short - term memory to clumsiness , poor verbal fluency and frequent use of letter reversals , for example b instead of d .
' Not only do these blend into other diagnoses , such as dyspraxia , but they are also commonly found in people who are not considered dyslexic , ' he said .
He argued that a dyslexia diagnosis is often a hollow victory for parents , partly because there is no clear evidence that any one teaching approach is more suitable for dyslexics than any other group of poor readers .
Resources would be better spent on early , high - quality support for all poor readers , he said .
Assistance in exams , for example in the form of extra time , should be ' conditional upon a clear description of the individual 's needs , rather than the provision of a diagnostic label ' .
He said children with reading difficulties should be provided with ' structured intervention programmes ' , individually where it was necessary , adding : ' We want more assistance for these children , not less . '
Dr John Rack , of the charity Dyslexia Action , said : ' Joe Elliott is a bit behind the times when he suggests dyslexia is a catch - all , rag bag concept . '
He said it was important for those with suspected dyslexia to feel supported rather than that they were making the problem up .
Average circulation , visitation , computer use , and programs increased by up to 29 percent in the fourth quarter of 2008 over the same period in 2007 , according to a State Library survey of 88 libraries .
Some jumps were huge , such as a 350 percent increase in computer use in Millville , Cumberland County , and a 103 percent jump in borrowing in Delanco .
Peter Schiff is a smart guy — a successful businessman and Austrian economist .
I still can't help but click on those " Peter Schiff was right " videos as I 'm browsing YouTube .
It 's amazing to watch his confidence in the face of such economic ignorance .
It is not unlike watching Ron Paul during the presidential debates .
As Peter 's predictions bear out , his popularity is growing exponentially .
He has made appearances on several major networks and is a huge star in the liberty media circles .
It was only a matter of time before slogans and websites popped up demanding " Peter Schiff for Senate ! "
Peter Schiff would obviously make a fine senator .
He would undoubtedly be a member of financially oriented committees with more experience in those areas than most if not all of his newfound senate colleagues .
He would use that experience and his respect for the constitution to cast his vote in favor of liberty .
" Peter Schiff is considering running for senate ! " linked a Facebook acquaintance .
" What a waste of a perfectly good entrepreneur , " I replied .
Why on earth do people insist that Peter Schiff 's immense talent , creativity and intelligence be wasted in the maw that is America 's political machine ?
Why do people still cling to this notion that if we can just " vote in our people " that everything will be okay ?
Sure , Peter will have an opportunity to vote on items of which he is immensely qualified ; however , as is usually the case in government he will more often be voting on things which he has little to no experience with .
His yea or nay , now backed up with the coercive use of force ( as is all government policy ) , will influence everyone .
Unintended consequences abound .
Sure , he will use our constitution as a guide — but even it currently permits an income tax and for a time allowed for the prohibition of alcohol .
That document is no safeguard , that much should be obvious .
Crash Proof : How to Pr... Downes , John Best Price : $ 0.10 Buy New $ 8.99 ( as of 12:00 EST - Details )
Ludwig von Mises said , " Government is essentially the negation of liberty . "
Why on earth do we expect that fundamental truth to change now ?
All of the things that have made life and society better have come from private commerce , the free market .
Peter Schiff could do a number of things to support the cause of liberty besides throwing it all away to pursue higher office .
He could continue to build wealth for his clients .
He could continue to speak publicly about the state of the economy and the cure for what ails us .
I 'd like to see him and other entrepreneurs start businesses that compete directly with government services .
In the twilight years of empires past , it was the private sector churning along and making the public sector irrelevant that kept society going .
Take the case of the Birmingham Button Makers , British manufacturers who began coining their own tokens of silver when the Royal Mint failed to keep pace during the burgeoning Industrial Revolution starting in the 1780s .
Quickly , these tokens gained preference among merchants for paying workers and buying goods and remained popular until the early 1800s when they were finally outlawed by the Crown .
As the old saying goes , government hates competition .
A more modern example would be FedEx for mail and package delivery .
They consistently provide superior service at competitive prices and are a pleasure to deal with .
Having spent my share of time at the counter in the Post Office , I can say with certainty neither I nor the employees were very happy to be there .
No one would ever doubt the private sectors ability to deliver mail and cry , " But who would deliver the mail ? "
The idea that the market could n't provide other services of which the government typically maintains a monopoly over is silly .
Oh , the cognitive dissonance .
The Little Book of Bul ... Peter D. Schiff Best Price : $ 0.05 Buy New $ 1.99 ( as of 05:25 EST - Details )
I could go on with regards to private sector victories over public sector incompetence — the absolute joy of driving a private turnpike , the skill of largely unregulated alternative medicine practitioners , the success of private - schooled or home - schooled children over their public " schooled " counterparts , and even more recently of private ventures into space — but at this point I feel it is obvious .
What must be communicated now is not that the private sector can do it , but that we as productive citizens must no longer waste our time on the folly of politics .
The real r3volutions are happening every day in the minds , labs , and boardrooms of entrepreneurs all over this world .
As with all of the great peaceful revolutions throughout history , all it took was more and more people ignoring their political masters to make them irrelevant .
The Mahatma comes to mind .
In a huge act of defiance that challenged the mighty British Empire and united India , Gandhi and thousands ( eventually millions ) of his followers marched to Dandi along the Indian Ocean and began harvesting salt in direct violation of the British Salt Tax .
Practicing satyagraha ( non-violent protest ) , Gandhi and his followers drew the attention of Britain and the world to their cause , eventually winning their independence from the empire .
Adam Kokesh is another example of a liberty activist turned wannabe politician .
That man 's speeches are incredible , he really knows how to stir up a crowd .
He 'd far better serve the cause of liberty stirring up a million - freeman march on Washington , DC .
Perhaps they could coin money , smoke marijuana , or sell raw milk .
There is nothing like good old fashioned civil disobedience , some modern satyagraha !
Now , enough about petitioning these wonderful folks for higher office .
We need productivity , real choice and real wealth generation to restore liberty — not more misguided political will .
June 26 , 2009
The Best of Brian Keeter
President Barack Obama will step up his push for credit - card legislation with a town - hall meeting in New Mexico on Thursday after devoting much of his weekly radio address to the topic .
With the Senate slated to vote on its credit - card legislation this week , Mr. Obama is seizing on Americans ' complaints about interest - rate increases , penalties and fees for their cards .
He wants Congress to deliver legislation for him to sign by Memorial Day , on May 25 .
" You ...
The Most Amazing Street Basketball Tricks Ever
Total Pro Sports – Many people talk about how the NBA ’s Slam Dunk Competition is loosing its aura because of the lack of creativity .
Players these days just do n’t have anything new to offer , and how can we blame them .
There is only so much the body can do .
Ball through the legs dunk .
Jump over a player dunk .
Jump from the free throw line dunk .
Been there , done that .
We have seen it over and over and over , but finally someone has something new to offer .
Only problem is these guys do n’t play in the NBA .
Now we just have to figure out where to find them .
This video may without a doubt be the most amazing thing I have ever witnessed in my life .
Shooting buckets with his feet while doing front flips .
Holding on to the rim with their hands and dunking with their feet .
This group of guys combine their soccer and basketball abilities to put on a tremendous show .
I wonder if the famous soccer dribbler would be able to do the same .
My suggestion is we get these boys on the floor for 30 minutes during All - Star weekend to entertain us .
They may not have the power to bring down shot clocks like Dwight Howard , but their level of difficulty will put even LeBron James to shame .
He may have some tricks up his sleeve , but nothing like this .
Share This
Boston is no stranger to miraculous feats of engineering .
The city has seen 3 miles of highway buried beneath downtown , the world 's longest one - way tunnel extended into the Harbor , and the opening of a quarter - mile - long cable - stayed bridge gracefully spanning the Charles River .
Now , the city is preparing for the latest addition to its pantheon of construction marvels , the opening on the waterfront of a coin - operated toilet that took more than two years and $ 300,000 to bring from drawing board to reality .
And it still has n't had its first flush .
" This was the perfect storm , " said Peter O'Sullivan , the city 's director of street furniture , who is in charge of sidewalk restrooms , kiosks , bus shelters , and the like .
" There were more complications on this one than on any toilet we 've worked on . "
City officials commissioned the gleaming commode on the edge of Christopher Columbus Park near the North End as a basic convenience for tourists who line up for ferries to the Boston Harbor islands .
It is the seventh city toilet out of a planned 10 that have been built since Mayor Thomas M. Menino vowed to bring such a fundamental amenity to Boston in 1997 , after admiring a public toilet in San Francisco .
Most have been installed in a few months .
Not this one .
Getting it built has whipped up a tragicomedy of frustrations , delays , and engineering prob lems that shows that , when it comes to building in downtown Boston , things rarely go according to plan .
" Every time I walk by , it seems like they 're digging it up again , " said Joanne Hayes - Rines , president of the Friends of Christopher Columbus Park .
" I think you get conditioned to all this after you live with the Big Dig for 15 years . "
Thankfully for taxpayers , a city contract stipulates that all costs , including any overruns , are paid by Wall Decaux Inc. , which builds Boston 's toilets and bus shelters in exchange for the right to sell ads on them .
The toilets typically cost $ 250,000 .
" We do n't pay a penny , " said Michael Galvin , Boston 's chief of public property and construction management .
" Nothing .
And we have n't from Day One . "
Work on the restroom began simply enough in March 2008 , a year after the city first developed the initial plans .
But soon after the digging began , workers discovered that the sewer lines were not where they appeared on engineering diagrams .
They modified the toilet 's plumbing , received city approval for the changes , lowered the unit into place , and bricked over the site .
But the toilet sat more than 2 inches above the sidewalk , a violation of wheelchair - accessibility law .
Workers left the unit in the ground for the winter , because the city bans construction from November to April .
This spring , they removed it , dug a deeper hole , and lowered it back into place .
Worried that sewage would wash into the harbor , they added another pump .
Then they relaid the bricks .
" It 's just amazing that it 's taken that long to put in , " said William Walker , president of Water Transportation Alternatives , a ferry service whose passengers have had to scurry several hundred yards inside a nearby hotel to use the facilities .
" It 's just the contractors that put it in - they 've been moving it up and down and up and down . "
Yesterday , Walker surveyed the sleek , glass - and - steel restroom , which sat inside a fenced - in construction site , as four workers tested its plumbing and electrical connections .
Wall Decaux said it was not surprised by the toilet travails .
" It 's really the nature of doing product installation in a dense urban environment and in an old and historic city like Boston , " said the company 's president , Martin J. McDonough .
Now city officials say the toilet is nearing completion .
But no one is quite ready to say when it will open to the public .
They estimate it might take another two weeks .
" Our technicians are testing it as we speak , so I 'm not sure , " McDonough said .
" But I think it 's safe to say , it will be flushing soon . "
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
If you 've ever read the biographies of some people like J.R.R.
Tolkien , C.S. Lewis and others born during that time , you 'll notice that a great deal of them served in World War I but were lucky enough to return home and live out their lives afterward .
At the same time though , a huge number of people from the same generation were not lucky enough to do so :
Tolkien was invalided to England on 8 November 1916 .
Many of his dearest school friends , including Gilson and Smith of the T.C.B.S. , were killed in the war .
almost
# 1 - Marcion of Sinope
demiurge
Not only did Marcion reject the entire Hebrew Bible , he also argued for the existence of two Gods : Yahweh , who created the material universe , and the Heavenly Father of the New Testament , of which Jesus Christ was the living incarnation .
Yahweh was viewed as a lesser demiurge , who had created the earth , and whose law , the Mosaic covenant , represented bare natural justice : i.e. , an eye for an eye .
Jesus was the living incarnation of a different God , a new God of compassion and love , sometimes called the Heavenly Father .
The two Gods were thought of as having distinct personalities :
Yahweh is petty , cruel and jealous , a tribal God who is only interested in the welfare of the Jews , while the Heavenly Father is a universal God who loves all of humanity , and looks upon
His children with mercy and benevolence .
This dual - God notion allowed Marcion to reconcile the apparent contradictions between the Old Testament and the tales of Jesus ' life and ministry .
The church that Marcion founded had expanded throughout the known world within his lifetime , and was a serious rival to the Catholic Church .
Its adherents were strong enough in their convictions to have the church retain its expansive power for more than a century .
It survived Christian controversy , and imperial disapproval , for several centuries more .
# 2 - Georg Elser
Elser was opposed to Nazism from the beginning of the regime , and after 1933 refused to perform the Hitler salute , or to join others in listening to Hitler 's speeches broadcast on the radio .
Nor did he vote in the Third Reich 's pseudo - elections or referendums .
His opposition was initially motivated by his concerns about working conditions , and the lowering of working wages .
His understanding of politics was influenced strongly by his political associations .
He detested the restrictions on civil rights .
He especially despised Nazi restrictions on workers ' freedoms , such as the choice of employment and the right to organize .
Equally , he loathed the Nazis ' propaganda and their total control of the educational system , as well as the curtailing of religious freedoms .
Elser chose the next anniversary of the Hitler Putsch , when Hitler would return to Munich , and decided to kill him with a bomb during his speech .
After he had constructed the bomb , Elser travelled to Munich again .
He managed to stay inside the Bürgerbräukeller after closing hours each night for over a month , during which time he hollowed out the pillar behind the speaker 's rostrum , and placed the bomb inside it .
While he was making these preparations , World War II broke out on 1 September 1939 , proving his estimations correct .
Elser , being focused on his work , hardly noticed this .
citation needed ]
Unbeknownst to Elser , Hitler had cancelled his planned speech at the Bürgerbraukeller because of the war , but then changed his mind , and agreed to attend the anniversary after all .
This was on the condition that he could return to Berlin that same night .
Since fog prevented a flight back to Berlin , Hitler decided to take the train , which meant finishing his speech earlier than expected .
On 8 November , 1939 , the bomb exploded at 21:20 , exactly as Elser had planned , but Hitler had already left the room thirteen minutes earlier .
Eight people died and sixty - three were injured , sixteen of them seriously , and Elser 's plot to assassinate Hitler had failed .
# 3 - Mohammed Mossadeq
The 1953 Iranian Coup d’état was the Western covert operation that deposed the democratically - elected Government of Prime Minister Mohammed Mosaddeq ; the CIA and MI6 effected it by aiding and abetting pro-West Iranians and mutinous Iranian army officers .
CIA 's man Kermit Roosevelt , Jr. , organized Operation Ajax to aid retired General Fazlollah Zahedi and Imperial Guard Colonel Nematollah Nassiri to establish a pro–US and –UK government , by bribing Iranian government officials , reporters , and businessmen .
This Anglo–American coup d’état was to ensure Western control of Iran ’s petroleum and to prevent Eastern ( USSR ) hegemony upon Iran .
Moreover , the Iranian motivations for deposing PM Mosaddeq included reactionary clerical dissatisfaction with a secular government , fomented with CIA propaganda .
Originally , the Eisenhower Administration considered Operation Ajax a successful secret war , but , given its blowback , it is now considered a failure , because of its " haunting and terrible legacy " of anti-American terrorism .
In 2000 , Madeleine Albright , US Secretary of State , apologised to Iran , saying that intervention by America in the internal affairs of Iran was a setback for democratic government .
This anti-democratic coup d’état was a " a critical event in post - war world history " that destroyed Iran ’s post - monarchic , secular parliamentary democracy , by re-installing the Shah , Mohammad Reza Pahlavi , as absolute ruler , replacing an elected native democracy with a pro-foreign monarchic dictatorship .
In the event , in 1979 , it provoked the Iranian Revolution , which deposed the Shah and replaced the monarchy with an anti-Western Islamic Republic .
# 4 - Harold Godwinson
# 5 Buyeo Pung
( Fuyo Hōshō )
sin
In 2001 , Japan 's emperor Akihito told reporters " I , on my part , feel a certain kinship with Korea , given the fact that it is recorded in the Chronicles of Japan that the mother of Emperor Kammu was of the line of King Muryong of Paekche . "
# 6 Bahrām Chobin
Although hugely successful at first glance , Khosrau II 's campaign had in fact overextended the Persian army and overtaxed the people .
The Byzantine emperor Heraclius ( 610 –641 ) drew on all his diminished and devastated empire 's remaining resources , reorganised his armies and mounted a remarkable counter - offensive .
Between 622 and 627 he campaigned against the Persians in Anatolia and the Caucasus , winning a string of victories against Persian forces under Khosrau , Shahrbaraz , Shahin and Shahraplakan , sacking the great Zoroastrian temple at Ganzak and securing assistance from the Khazars and Western Turkic Khaganate ...
He then marched down the Tigris , devastating the country and sacking Khosrau 's palace of Dastagerd ...
The impact of Heraclius 's victories , the devastation of the richest territories of the Sassanid Empire and the humiliating destruction of high - profile targets such as Ganzak and Dastagerd fatally undermined Khosrau 's prestige and his support among the Persian aristocracy , and early in 628 he was overthrown and murdered by his son Kavadh II ( 628 ) , who immediately brought an end to the war , agreeing to withdraw from all occupied territories .
In 629 AD Heraclius restored the True Cross to Jerusalem in a majestic ceremony .
Kavadh died within months and chaos and civil war followed .
Over a period of four years and five successive kings , including two daughters of Khosrau II and spahbod Shahrbaraz , the Sassanid Empire weakened considerably .
The power of the central authority passed into the hands of the generals .
It would take several years for a strong king to emerge from a series of coups , and the Sassanids never had time to recover fully .
The Persians fielded a much larger force ( sources disagree on the exact size : 60,000 to 100,000 are cited below ) and looked certain of victory .
Again according to Arab accounts , at dawn of the fourth day a sandstorm broke out – blowing sand in the Persians ' faces turning the tide and forcing the Sassanid centre to give way , particularly with the help of Arab archers ...( long explanation here of how leader was decapitated ) ... Seeing their respected leader 's head dangling before them , the Persian soldiers lost nerve and begin to flee , leading to a devastating rout .
Most of the Sassanid soldiers lost their lives in this melée , with a sizable number announcing their conversion to Islam .
Bahrām ’s hopes were unfulfilled .
Many nobles and priests preferred to side with the inexperienced and less imposing Ḵosrow ( Khosrau ) , who , in return for territorial concessions , had obtained a Byzantine force of 40,000 , and was now marching toward Azerbaijan , where an army of over 12,000 Armenians under Mūšel and 8,000 Iranians gathered and led by Bendōy and Bestām awaited him .
Hoping to prevent a union of those forces , Bahrām left Ctesiphon with a much smaller army , but arrived too late .
The two sides fought for three days in a plain near Lake Urmia , and on the eve of the fourth , Bendōy won over Bahrām ’s men by pledging , in the name of Ḵosrow , their pardon and safety .
In spite of his bravery and superb generalship , Bahrām was defeated , and his camp , children , and wives were captured .
He himself left the battlefield , accompanied by 4,000 men , and since Ḵosrow had in the meantime sent a force to Ctesiphon and had secured it , the only road open was eastward .
Bahrām marched to Nīšāpūr , defeating a pursuing royalist force and an army of a local noble of the Kārēn family at Qūmeš .
Ceaselessly troubled , Bahrām finally crossed the Oxus , and was received honorably by the Ḵāqān of the Turks , entered his service and achieved heroic feats against his adversaries .
Ḵosrow could not feel secure as long as Bahrām lived , and he succeeded in having him assassinated .
Bahrām
Bahrām , the case could probably be made that
Given time and opportunity to deal with internal problems , Bahrām would have probably achieved no less than Ardašīr I had done , but he was faced with too many odds .
It was not Ḵosrow but his superior Byzantine mercenaries who defeated Bahrām .
The betrayal by his own brother , Gordōy , and the capture of his family severely limited his maneuvering ability .
He was handicapped by the lack of cooperation from the bureaucrats , and the animosity of nobles unwilling to serve one of their own equals .
His own chivalry in letting Ḵosrow ’s supporters leave the realm unmolested , and in ignoring the escape of the resolute Bendōy , turned against him by giving his enemies the possibility to unite .
His religious tolerance alienated the powerful clergy .
So in short : had
Bahrām stayed on as king in 590 until 632 when the Islamic conquest began , it 's possible that the world today would still have Zoroastrianism as a major religion , with Islam limited to various areas west of Persia / Iran .
# 7 - L. L. Zamenhof
Reformed Esperanto
Ido
Standard Esperanto
Patro nose , kvu esten in cielo ,
Patro nia , qua esas en la cielo ,
Patro nia , kiu estas en la ĉielo ,
Sankte estan tue nomo .
tua nomo santigesez ;
Via nomo estu sanktigita .
Venan reksito tue ,
tua regno advenez ;
Venu Via regno ,
estan vulo tue ,
tua volo facesez
plenumiĝu Via volo ,
kom in cielo , sik anku sur tero .
quale en la cielo tale anke sur la tero .
kiel en la ĉielo , tiel ankaŭ sur la tero .
Pano nose omnudie donan al nos hodiu
Donez a ni cadie l'omnadiala pano ,
Nian panon ĉiutagan donu al ni hodiaŭ .
e pardonan al nos debi nose ,
e pardonez a ni nia ofensi ,
Kaj pardonu al ni niajn ŝuldojn ,
kom nos anku pardonen al nose debenti ;
quale anke ni pardonas a nia ofensanti ,
kiel ankaŭ ni pardonas al niaj ŝuldantoj .
ne kondukan nos versu tento ,
e ne duktez ni aden la tento ,
Kaj ne konduku nin en tenton ,
sed liberigan nos de malbono .
ma liberigez ni del malajo .
sed liberigu nin de la malbono .
It 's a bit sobering to think of just how many potential Tolkiens , Lewises , Einsteins and all the rest had their lives cut short at a young age on the battlefield , how one stray bullet or a fatal disease contracted while in the trenches would have resulted in a world without Lord of the Rings ( The Hunt for Gollum , released today , would never have been created for example ) .
At the same time it's also sobering to think of all the Ramanujans in the world that never were or have yet to be discovered , but on the other hand it 's nevertheless great to have these people as examples of those that have succeeded in overcoming adversity and making their mark on the world .
At the same time though , there are a lot of people that weresuccessful in what they did , those that reached the cusp of putting their mark on history , but ended up failing and thus ended up mostly forgotten .
As can be seen in elections , the difference between winning and losing is huge , even when the victory at the time was a thin one .
Who , for example , remembers Charles Evan Hughes ?
However , his opponent and the 28th president of the US , Woodrow Wilson , is well remembered .
Hughes certainly had a successful political career by any account ( he was the governor of New York , after all ) , but in the mind of the public he barely exists .
In that light , here are seven people ( why seven ?
No reason - naturally there are thousands of others ) that could have and wanted to make their mark on history , but failed for one reason or another and thus ended up in near obscurity .
Let 's take a quick look at each of them and imagine what the world might have been like if they had succeeded .
Unless you 're a historian or a Biblical scholar , you 've probably never heard of Marcion , nor the term Marcionism .
Marcion ( 85 - 160 ) was one of the earliest Christians , lived during a time far before the Bible as we know it was compiled , and the church he founded was far different than the Christianity we know of today .
Ever heard someone talk about the vast differences between the character of the God of the Old Testament and that of the New Testament ?
Well , Marcion noticed this too and decided that the only logical reason for this was that the God of the OT was in fact a completely different god , a so - called lesserand an evil creature .
The church Marcion founded was thus in stark opposition to the early Catholic church , which saw the OT as a kind of base to build this new religion upon , not something to be rejected outright .
At the time it was hard to tell which school of thought would prevail and become the main branch of Christianity , but eventually Marcionism lost its former prominent position and has largely been forgotten .
Now just imagine Christianity today if Marcionism had become the main branch , while Catholicism had been branded as heresy and left in the dust bin of history .
Georg Elser is an easy one .
He was a steadfast opponent of Nazism from the beginning : and nearly succeeded in assassinating Hitler in 1939 .
Claus von Stauffenberg is another person that attemted to assassinate Hitler , but this was near the end of the war as opposed to the beginning when Elser made his attempt .
Ironically , the Holocaust also resulted in a huge weakening of the status of the German language as the numbers of people using Yiddish ( a language derived from German ) dropped dramatically from 11 - 13 million , to its current 3 million or so after the war .
At the same time , note that most are in agreement that if Hitler had been assassinated before he had the chance to declare war on Europe he would have been remembered as one of Germany 's greatest leaders considering the rebuilding of the economy , bringing in the Olympics , the Volkswagen , etc. etc. , so it 's hard to say exactly what would have happened in Germany if he had been assassinated .
One thing 's for sure : people would still be naming their children Adolf .
The overthrow of Iran 's former Prime Minister Mossadeq is a textbook example of outside interference bringing about tragic results .
Though it 's not possible to place the blame for the Islamic Revolution in Iran solely on outside interference , hindsight shows this to have been a bad move .
As the page on the 1953 Iranian coup d'état states : Iranians on the whole are not a very conservative people even today ( except perhaps in the east ) , as can be seen by these pictures of Iran during the 1970s and this documentary , along with the fact that the democratically elected Mossadeq was a secularist .
It 's hard to say what sort of country Iran would have become if Mossadeq had remained in power , but perhaps it would be something similar to the Turkey of today .
Harold Godwinson was the last Anglo - Saxon king of England until the Norman Invasion in 1066 , when he died at the Battle of Hastings .
Due to this loss and the subsequent rule of England by the Normans , the language of the ruling culture changed from English to Norman ( a dialect of Old French ) , and the English language underwent some huge alterations as a result , changing from a highly inflected language with grammatical gender to one with no grammatical gender , a much more fixed word order , and much more non-Germanic influence .
Without this three centuries of Norman influence it 's likely English would have become a language like Dutch , or perhaps even like Icelandic ( Old English and Old Icelandic were sufficiently close enough to be mutually comprehensible ) .
At the very least this large change ( or more precisely , lack of change ) in the English language would have kept the Germanic languages much closer to each other than they are today .
This site gives a bit of an idea what English might have looked like , but remember that the word order and lack of grammatical gender are still identical with modern English .
Buyeo Pung ?
Who 's that ?
Well , he was one of the sons of the king of Baekje , a country located in what is now the southwest part of Korea .
At the time ( 7th century and before ) , there was no unified Korean nation but rather a number of countries that sometimes warred with each other : Kaya ( Gaya ) was taken over by Shilla ( spelling is on purpose - I dislike the current romanization for 신 and refuse to write it as ) in the 6th century and so eventually there were three countries .
Baekje was a huge ally of Japan , while Shilla was allied with the Chinese Tang Dynasty .
In fact , Baekje was not only a close ally of Japan but also a contributor to the Japanese imperial bloodline ( Paekche is another spelling for Baekje .
It 's called Kudara in Japanese ) So keep in mind that at the time there was no such thing as Korea and Japan as we know them today ; to Baekje , Japan was the friendly neighboring country that it shared a lot in common with , and Shilla and Tang were enemies .
To make the story short : in 660 Shilla and Tang brought about the fall of Baekje , and those from Baekje and Japan worked furiously to try to restore the country including a huge amount of military aid from Japan , culminating in the Battle of Baekgang .
After this loss Buyeo Pung fled to the friendlier Goguryeo , was later captured , and he disappeared from history .
Had the battle gone the other way though and Baekje had prevailed then he would have become king of the restored nation , and if this situation had continued or if the peninsula had been unified through Baekje instead of Shilla it 's anyone 's guess what the current borders and languages would look like today .
Bahrām Chobin was a military commander during the Sassanid Empire , the last Persian Empire before the Islamic conquest of Persia , which eventually led to Islam becoming the majority religion in the region and the beginning of the downfall of Zoroastrianism , the former official religion of the empire .
The fall of the Sassanid Empire however was an event that could have been prevented with a fair amount of sound judgment beforehand , something one of the last kings ( Khosrau II ) lacked .
Khosrau II spent a lot of time and resources on campaigns that overextended the empire .
Wikipedia tells this part of the story better than I can :
This is the situation in which the weakened empire faced the newly united Arabs when they began their conquest of Persia in 632 .
One of the largest mistakes Khosrau II made was the alienation of the neighboring Lakhmids , who were Christian Arabs located just to the west of the Persians ( that is , in between the Persians and the Muslim Arabs that were to arrive later ) .
This map shows just how valuable it was to have this kingdom as a buffer zone :
The decisive engagement bringing about the fall of the Sassanid Dynasty was the Battle of al - Qādisiyyah
So even after all the years of terrible rule by Khosrau II and then ineffective king after king after his rule , the Sassanid Empire was still strong enough that it still could ( or should ) have won this battle .
Okay , so what is Bahrām Chobin 's role here ?
Well , back in 590 he managed to be king for a year , but eventually lost out to Khosrau II ( the king that ended up squandering the empire 's resources and weakening it ) , because he failed to get the support of those that preferred a weaker king
It 's not entirely certain thatas king would have definitely resulted in a stronger Sassanid Empire at the time the Islamic conquest began , but considering the countless examples of bad judgment on the part of Khosrau II compared to the countless examples of good military strategy and judgment on the part ofthe empire would have been well served by him on the throne .
In fact , the same source linked just above makes the same argument .
The Persian language would also not use the Perso - Arabic script as it does now .
Zamenhof is fairly well - known for being the creator of the language Esperanto , the most successful IAL ( international auxiliary language ) or constructed language to date .
At the same time though , being the most successful constructed language ( Esperanto has a few hundred thousand speakers ) does not equal being a success , as the language was created to be the world 's second language , one that anyone could easily learn and then use to communicate with others that have a different linguistic background , and it 's clear that Esperanto is nowhere close to achieving this .
This naturally brings forth the question : could the proponents of Esperanto have done anything different in the language 's early history to have made the language a success ?
I think the answer is yes , and one example can be seen here in Zamenhof 's Reformed Esperanto .
Constructed languages are different from natural languages in that since they are created before a community develops , it is very easy to tweak the language here and there in order to " improve " it , whereas with a natural language there 's no way you could get away with simply making a change and expecting others to follow .
Esperanto had and has a few issues that many believe have kept it from being a success , such as having six accented letters ( which made it hard to print literature in the language ) , adjectival agreement , and so on .
In response to some of these concerns Zamenhof spent a year working on a reformed version of the language , which was then voted down , and he later regretted the year he spent working on it .
Therein lies the error : there 's no reason in agreeing to reforms if you do n't intend on going through with them , as it legitimizes the idea that the product is imperfect while at the same time doing nothing to change the product itself .
It would have been better to either simply reject the idea of reforms in the first place ( and use this year in producing more content and promoting the language ) , or going the other way and putting all one 's effort into putting the reforms through , no matter what .
The creation of the language Ido in 1907 ( a reform of Esperanto ) was also based on changes to the language that reflect Zamenhof 's proposed reforms to a certain extent , and with a reformed version of the language already in place and endorsed by the creator it's very likely that the community would not have been split as it did at the time when Ido was first created .
here 's a comparison of the three :
It 's very possible that a larger language community in the beginning could have given the language an unstoppable momentum , especially in the beginning of the 20th century where no language was king and people were very open to the idea of a way to get over this linguistic impasse .
Looking at the early history of Esperanto there are quite a few instances where the language was on the verge of some sort of large success ( the usage of Esperanto as a working language in the League of Nations , the creation of a small state in Neutral Moresnet are two examples ) , and the argument could probably be made that with more skilled handling of whether to reform or not to reform in the beginning could have kept the Esperanto community focused on its shared goal : the promotion and usage of the language .
Interested in the idea of a universal second language ?
Here are a few places to start looking : Esperanto , Ido , Interlingua , Occidental , Novial , Lingua Franca Nova , Latino sine Flexione , Sambahsa - mundialect , Lingwa de Planeta , Europaiom ... the first three are the only ones that have a large enough community to hold annual gatherings , however .
Back when Dinosaurs ruled the earth , developers had these things called API references .
They were physical books ( made of paper ) which contained thousands upon thousands of pages of nothing but documentation for APIs .
If you wanted to do something , and you did n’t know how , you either asked the wise old developer that was working with you or you looked up the answer in the API reference .
Thankfully I never had to experience that , I mean seriously , how old do you think I am ?
But what I do remember is the bad old days when search engines were n’t very programming language friendly and you could n’t even search for anything with special symbols in it because all of the search engines just stripped it all out !
Searching for code was quite hard !
Once Google came along things changed .
Not only was Google very friendly to programming languages , but it actually returned relevant results to our queries .
Over time , the amount of online programming info flourished , and all was good .
Well , all was good if you were to leverage the tools that you have at your disposal .
And let me be clear , Google was the single most powerful development tool ever created , and probably still is ( insert Bing joke here ) .
So I was plowing through reams of code today ( I wish ) and I came across a place where someone was manually parsing a connection string in order to extract its contents .
I chuckled a bit ( you gotta stay light hearted about some of this stuff ) and then I went to Google and typed in " C# Parse Connection String " .
Hmmm , that first answer looked pretty darn good .
The first result was the MSDN API reference for SqlConnectionStringBuilder … which turned out to be exactly what I was looking for .
Pretty sweet .
And to think , a class exists to parse a connection string !
Who would have thought ?
Well , I for one , and I hope that you would think that too .
This is what I like to call " a well known problem " .
It is a problem that a bajillion other people are almost certainly to have come across in their programming adventures , and so someone else has most likely solved it , and probably posted the answer online !
Just in case you found this while searching for connection string parsing in C# , I ’ll post the answer here :
var sqlConnectionStringBuilder = new SqlConnectionStringBuilder ( ) ; sqlConnectionStringBuilder.ConnectionString = " Data Source=myServerAddress ; Initial Catalog=myDataBase ; User Id=myUsername;Password=myPassword ; " ; Console. WriteLine(sqlConnectionStringBuilder.InitialCatalog ) ; Console. WriteLine(sqlConnectionStringBuilder.DataSource ) ; Console. WriteLine(sqlConnectionStringBuilder.UserID ) ;
The funny thing about this is that just last night I was chatting ( literally , in a chat program ) with my buddy Dave Ward and this exact topic came up .
How come people do n’t do a simple Google search whenever they come to a well known problem ?
His comment was " How many times has Path .
Combine been rewritten ? "
He has an excellent point , it has probably been rewritten about a million times .
And it is a complete waste of time .
Although Path .
Combine does have a few funky behaviors that could probably be improved upon Do n’t believe me ?
Try doing this :
Path .Combine ( @ " C: \Path\ " , @ " \OtherPath " ) ;
But anyways … whenever you come across a problem like say combining paths , parsing a connection string ( or a query string ! ) , or a csv file , make sure you do a few quick searches before you decide to write code to do your own .
Sure it may seem easy to parse a connection string , but what happens when you are looking for " Default Catalog " in the connection string and someone throws in a connection string that uses " Database " instead ?
I bet the framework parser will account for that , but unless you spent your time and due diligence , yours probably does not .
So I implore you , get out there and do a search before you give up and write code …
You ’d be amazed at what you ’ll find lurking in the .NET framework , and the world of code that exists out there in the open source community .
I ’ll leave you with a few quick examples of what you might find just in the .net framework :
Parse connection string : System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnectionStringBuilder
: System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnectionStringBuilder
Parse query string : System.Web.HttpUtility.ParseQueryString
: System.Web.HttpUtility.ParseQueryString
Parse CSV file : Microsoft.VisualBasic.FileIO.TextFieldParser
: Microsoft.VisualBasic.FileIO.TextFieldParser
Generate Temporary File Name : System.IO.Path.GetTempFileName
: System.IO.Path.GetTempFileName
Time Code : System .Diagnostics .
Stopwatch : stop getting the current time and trying to subtract it .
This has a much higher precision !
: System .Diagnostics .
Stopwatch : stop getting the current time and trying to subtract it .
This has a much higher precision !
Coerce Types : System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter
: System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter
Check if a string is null or empty : String.IsNullOrEmpty
: String.IsNullOrEmpty Parse Any Uri : System .
Uri
: System .
Uri Basic Data Structures : System.Collections .Generic.LinkedList , Queue , Stack : I ’ve seen people try to emulate these with lists !
: System.Collections .Generic.LinkedList , Queue , Stack : I ’ve seen people try to emulate these with lists !
Add list of items to another list : System .
Collections .
Generic .
List .
AddRange :
Do n’t loop through another list adding items !
: System .Collections .
Generic .
List .
AddRange :
Do n’t loop through another list adding items !
Watch for changes in a file system : System.IO.FileSystemWatcher
There are probably a ton more examples of these , but I ’ll let you explore a bit more and let me know which ones you find !
So get out there , use Google , Yahoo , Bing , Ask , etc … and find some code that you can reuse !
Charles Krauthammer , a frequent guest on Fox News , accepted from News Corp. the Eric Breindel Award for Excellence in Opinion Journalism .
Here is the part of his acceptance speech where he mentions that Fox News has “ created an alternate reality . ”
KRAUTHAMMER : What Fox did is not just create a venue for alternative opinion .
It created an alternate reality .
A few years ago , I was on a radio show with a well - known political reporter who lamented the loss of a pristine past in which the whole country could agree on what the facts were , even if they disagreed on how to interpret and act upon them .
All that was gone now .
The country had become so fractured we could n’t even agree on what reality was .
What she meant was that the day in which the front page of The New York Times was given scriptural authority everywhere was gone , shattered by the rise of Fox News .
I guess when real reality does n’t serve your agenda and bring in high ratings , you resort to an “ alternate reality . ”
Original Story
Share this article
" Naming Things " Solution Naming things in software is really a big deal .
It gets harder and harder over time when a code base gets larger .
I ’ve never encountered an article that would try to address the issue .
So here , I will try to define good name criteria as well as naming strategies that appeared to be useful in my experience .
Guiding Software Development Principles
It is becoming popular to talk about software development principles from time to time .
The new major concepts appear and die due to the fact that most of them are designed to be perfect but they are not .
If you would stay in IT long enough , you encounter articles and talks where people discovered an amazing concept “ X ” that solved all their development problems and brought their team to inevitable success .
Unfortunately that “ permanent success ” is usually temporary or even a self - deception .
The truth is : there is no silver bullets in software development just like in any other engineering process .
Engineering of world class products requires precise resources control , trade offs and balance between easy and complex , fast and slow , and beautiful and ugly .
Here , I will try to explain my guiding software development principles as well as the why -s .
Something is wrong with Single Reponsibility Principle I ’ve never been a fan of Single Responsibility Principle aka SRP
If any physical thing I used has multiple responsibilities , why would software be built from SRP things ?
Choosing a Templating Language
Whenever you are serious about choosing the frontend template engine to generate HTML , here is some advice how you can make your choice easier and more effective .
There are too many template languages right now , but there are only a few main criteria how you can limit your selection to 2 - 3 of them before getting into details .
Took part in a podcast with Alexey Vasiliev Last weekend I took part in the a podcast with Alexey Vasiliev .
We talked about my path in Open Source , Rails and IT industry in ukraine .
It is all in Russian .
You can listen it here :
http://www.rwpod.com/posts/2014/05/24/cafe-002.html
Minimalistic State Machine : Less is More I have tried a bunch of ActiveRecord ’s state machine gems .
Their functionality is very close to each other .
It allows to validate a state transition and reinvent ruby programming language to define transition methods .
The fact that all of them produces custom API to define a ruby method does n’t look right …
Datagrid slides from Ruby Meditation 3
Here are my slides about Datagrid gem from Ruby Meditation Conference last weekend .
Datagrid is a gem I ’ve released almost 3 years ago .
It is focused on table data representation and now allowes a full power flexibility to be called a Framework .
http://github.com/bogdan/datagrid
Support validation through ajax in Rails 4.x I have a constant feeling that in a modern web every web form should be submitted with AJAX not the old retro way with POST request .
This is better for numerous reasons .
At first , it gives better user experience
At second , AJAX is faster than regular request .
At the end , it does n’t require a work to redraw the page with it ’s previous state if validation fails .
Currently I am trying to make rails app support this out of the box .
And here is first small step to this goal :
This patch allows a complete validation though ajax using active model validators .
This is a live demo of what it allows to do .
If you feel especially interested in this feature , say your +1 here or on github .
With Rack emerging as the standard for composing web applications and services , most recently with Rails adoption , an architectural shift is taking place .
Learn how to create next generation web services by reusing existing Rack middleware and supplementing with your own components and micro-frameworks like Sinatra .
Rack Home Page
Painting of Moravian spiritual leader Christian Renatus von Zinzendorf , 1727 - 1752 .
( Photo credit : Wikipedia )
One of the most pervasive myths about atheism is that atheists are immoral because gods are somehow required for good behavior .
Of course , the person making such an accusation tends to have a particular god in mind and is willing to disqualify all other gods without providing any justification for doing so .
I think I 'll steer clear of that tangent for now .
Instead , I 'd like to stick with the idea that a particular god - or at least belief in a particular god - is the only thing standing between a person and bad behavior .
This appears to be a core tenet of the sort of Christian " morality " practiced by fundamentalists and extremists .
When a Christian makes the claim that atheists are necessarily immoral because of our lack of belief in the Christian 's preferred god , the atheist typically retorts by asking if god- belief is the only thing preventing the Christian from running wild in the streets .
Some Christians will answer in the affirmative , and I 'd recommend steering clear of such Christians .
Others will recognize the worrisome implications of this and activate their reality - distortion field and engage in a variety of mental gymnastics ( i.e. , apologetics ) in a desperate attempt to escape the question .
Once in a while , a Christian making such a claim might experience a moment of terrifying honesty .
Back in 2009 , Austin Cline ( update : link no longer active ) reported on an interesting interaction with Jeff Allen who tweeted the following ( including the spelling error ) :
Dear liberals and athiests ,
My religion is the only thing that keeps me from killing you , are you sure you want me to give it up ?
#tcot
If you believe Mr. Allen , it appears that he would be a murderer without his god -belief .
I agreed with Austin when he said :
If the only thing preventing Jeff Allen from going on a psychotic killing spree is his religion , then perhaps everyone else is better off if he keeps his religion .
Contrary to what Allen might imagine , though , he 's hardly offering a positive argument in defense of religion .
I should also note that Jeff left the following comment on Austin 's blog :
I am only commenting to say that whoever tweeted that is not me .
I am a Christ follower who could n’t disagree with the tweeter in this article more .
May
God have mercy on his soul .
Blessings to all you skeptics .
Maybe someone did hijack his Twitter account .
It is n't like that has never happened .
Then again , maybe he was temporarily possessed by demons .
In the world of fundamentalist Christians , one never knows for sure .
This post from 2009 was updated in 2020 to fix broken links , improve clarity , and correct a few typos .
Livermore Lab justifies big laser project LIVERMORE
In a dry California valley , outside a small town , a cathedral of light is to be dedicated Friday .
Like the cathedrals of antiquity , it is built on an unrivaled scale with unmatched technology , and it embodies a scientific doctrine that , if confirmed , might lift civilization to new heights .
" Bringing Star Power to Earth , " reads a giant banner that was recently unfurled across a building the size of a football stadium in Livermore .
The $ 3.5 billion site is known as the National Ignition Facility , or NIF .
For more than half a century , physicists have dreamed of creating tiny stars that would inaugurate an era of bold science and cheap energy , and NIF is meant to kindle that blaze .
In theory , the facility 's 192 lasers - made of nearly 60 miles of mirrors and fiber optics , crystals and light amplifiers - will fire as one to pulverize a fleck of hydrogen fuel smaller than a match head .
Compressed and heated to temperatures hotter than those of the core of a star , the hydrogen atoms will fuse into helium , releasing bursts of thermonuclear energy .
The project 's director , Ed Moses , said that getting to the cusp of ignition ( defined as the successful achievement of fusion ) had taken some 7,000 workers and 3,000 contractors a dozen years , their labors creating a precision colossus of millions of parts and 60,000 points of control , 30 times as many as on the space shuttle .
" It 's the cathedral story , " Moses said during a tour .
" We put together the best physicists , the best engineers , the best of industry and academia .
It 's not often you get that opportunity and pull it off . "
In February , NIF fired its 192 beams into its target chamber for the first time , and it now has the world 's most powerful laser , as well as the largest optical instrument ever built .
But raising its energies still further to the point of ignition could take a year or more of experimentation and might , officials concede , prove daunting and perhaps impossible .
For that reason , skeptics dismiss NIF as a colossal delusion that is squandering precious resources at a time of economic hardship .
Just operating it , officials grant , will cost $ 140 million a year .
Some doubters ridicule it as the National Almost Ignition Facility , or NAIF .
Even friends of the effort are cautious .
" They 've made progress , " said Roy Schwitters , a University of Texas physicist who leads a federal panel that recently assessed NIF 's prospects .
" Ignition may eventually be possible .
But there 's still much to learn . "
Moses , while offering no guarantees , argued that any great endeavor involved risks and that the gamble was worth it because of the potential rewards .
He said that NIF , if successful , would help keep the nation 's nuclear arms reliable without underground testing , would reveal the hidden life of stars and would prepare the way for radically new kinds of power plants .
" If fusion energy works , " he said , " you 'll have , for all intents and purposes , a limitless supply of carbon - free energy that 's not geopolitically sensitive .
What more would you want ?
It 's a game changer . "
NIF is to fire its lasers for 30 years .
Like the dedication of a cathedral , the event Friday at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory is to be a celebration of hope .
Officials say some 3,500 people will attend .
The big names include Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , Energy Secretary Steven Chu ( whose agency finances NIF ) and Charles Townes , a Nobel laureate and laser pioneer .
In preparation , workmen washed windows and planted flowers on the lush campus , the day auspiciously sunny .
Moses , who runs science programs for high school students in his spare time , broke from his own preparations to show a visitor the NIF complex .
In its lobby , he held up a device smaller than a postage stamp .
This is where it all starts , he said .
From this kind of tiny laser , beams emerge that grow large and bright during their long journey through NIF 's maze of mirrors , lenses and amplifiers .
The word laser is an acronym for light amplification by stimulated emission of radiation .
And each particle of light , or photon , is amplified , Moses said , to " around 10 to the 25th " photons .
Or , " 10 million , million , million , million . "
A nearby stand held a thick slab of pink glass about the size of a traffic sign - an example of an amplifier .
NIF has 3,200 in all .
Moses said the big step occurred when giant flash tubes - like ones in cameras but 6 feet long and 7,680 in number - flashed in unison to excite the pink glass .
Laser photons then zip through , stimulating cascades of offspring , making the beam much stronger , such amplification happening over and over .
Photons moving in step with one another is what makes laser light so bright and concentrated and , in some instances , so potent .
Moses picked up a mock capsule of hydrogen fuel .
It was all of 2 millimeters wide , or less than a tenth of an inch .
" It heats up , " he said .
" It blows in at a million miles an hour , moving that way for about five - billionths of a second .
It gets to about the diameter of your hair .
When it gets that small , that fast , you hit temperatures where it can start fusing - around 100 million degrees centigrade , or 180 million degrees Fahrenheit . "
Hairnets , hard hats and safety goggles were donned before entering NIF proper .
Repeated steps on sticky pads pulled dirt from shoes .
Dust is NIF 's bane , Moses said .
It can ruin optics and experiments .
He said the 33 - foot - wide target chamber was evacuated to a near - vacuum , much the same as outer space - a void where light can zip along with almost no impediments .
Moses said the team fired the laser only at night and did maintenance and equipment upgrades during the day .
" This is a 24/7 facility , " he said .
The previous night , he said , the laser had been fired in an effort to improve coordination and timing .
The 192 rays have to strike the target as close to simultaneously as possible .
The individual beams , he said , have to hit " within a few trillionths of a second " of one another if the fuel is to burn , and be pointed at the target with a precision " within half the diameter of your hair . "
The control room , modeled on NASA 's mission control in Houston , was buzzing with activity , even though some consoles sat empty .
Phones rang .
Walkie - talkies crackled .
The countdown to firing the lasers , Moses said , took 3 1/2 hours , with the process " pretty much in the hands of computers . "
The operations plan for NIF , he added , is to conduct 700 to 1,000 laser firings per year , with about 200 of the experiments focused on ignition .
There is no danger of a runaway blast , he said .
Fusion works by heat and pressure , not chain reactions .
Moreover , the fuel is minuscule and the laser flash extraordinarily short .
During a year of operations , Moses said , " the facility is on for only three - thousandths of a second , " yet will generate a growing cascade of data and insights .
Next on the tour , after more sticky pads , was the holy of holies , the room surrounding the target chamber .
It looked like an engine room out of a science - fiction starship .
The beam lines - now welters of silvery metal filled with giant crystals that shifted the concentrated light to higher frequencies - converged on the chamber 's blue wall .
Its surface was dotted with silvery portholes where complex sensors could be placed to evaluate the tiny blasts .
" When it 's running , " Moses said , " there 's a lot of stuff at the chamber 's center . "
Despite the giant banner outside and its confident prediction , it is an open question whether NIF 's sensors will ever detect the rays of a tiny star , independent scientists say .
" I personally think it 's going to be a close call , " said William Happer , a physicist at Princeton University who directed federal energy research for the first President George Bush .
" It 's a very complicated system , and you 're dependent on many things working right . "
Happer said a big issue for NIF was achieving needed symmetries at minute scales .
" There 's plenty of room , " he added , " for nasty surprises . "
Doubters say past troubles may be a prologue .
When proposed in 1994 , the giant machine was to cost $ 1.2 billion and be finished by 2002 .
But costs rose and the completion date kept getting pushed back , so much so that Congress threatened to pull the plug .
Today , critics see the delays and the $ 3.5 billion price tag as signs of overreaching .
Moses , who was put in charge of NIF a decade ago in an effort to right the struggling project , said that a decade from now , as NIF opened new frontiers , no one would remember the missteps .
He compared the project to feats like going to the moon , building the atom bomb and inventing the airplane .
" Stumbles are not unusual when you take on big - risk projects , " he said .
Moses added that the stumble rule applied to cathedrals as well .
Having grown up in Eastchester , close to New York City , he noted that the Cathedral Church of Saint John the Divine , on the Upper West Side of Manhattan , was still under construction after more than a century .
Is it worthwhile , despite the delays ?
" Of course it is , " he said .
Taking on big projects that challenge the imagination " is who we are as a species . "
ISA Bergamo Corner Sofa from the 1950s
Located in bari , IT
Gorgeous corner sofa that can be divided into three parts , ISA Bergamo production from the 1950s .
The ISA plant was a constructive reference point for most of the Italian designer ...
Category 1950s Italian Mid-Century Modern Vintage Seating
FRANKLIN ROOSEVELT helped bring electricity beyond America 's cities to its most distant farms .
Barack Obama hopes the countryside will return the favour .
Much of this challenge rests in the gusty upper Midwest .
In recent years Interstates 29 and 80 , highways of America 's heartland , have teemed with lorries bringing wind blades to new plants .
Efforts to build transmission have moved more slowly .
There are 300,000 megawatts of proposed wind projects waiting to connect to the electricity grid , says the American Wind Energy Association .
Of these , 70,000 megawatts are in the upper Midwest .
Now action is at last replacing talk .
Firms are proposing ambitious transmission lines across the plains .
The region 's governors and regulators are mulling ways to help them .
The federal government is playing its part .
In February the stimulus package allotted $ 11 billion to modernise the grid .
Since then members of Congress have proposed an array of bills to develop transmission .
Jeff Bingaman , chairman of the Senate energy committee , intends to start marking up transmission plans next week — though debate over other parts of the energy bill may delay progress .
America 's grid is complex : 3,000 utilities , 500 transmission owners and 164,000 miles ( 264,000 km ) of high - voltage transmission lines are stretched across three “ interconnections ” in the east , west and Texas .
If wind is to generate 20 % of electricity by 2030 , as in one scenario from the Department of Energy , about $ 60 billion must be spent on new transmission .
Just as important , regulations must change .
Historically , electricity has been generated close to consumers .
Regulations are ill - suited for transmission across state borders .
Rules for allocating a project 's costs burden local ratepayers rather than distant beneficiaries .
One state 's regulators can scuttle a regional plan .
The process for seeking approval from federal agencies is so disjointed and slow that pushing a line over a national park or river might as well be crossing the Styx .
American Electric Power ( AEP ) built a transmission line from West Virginia to Virginia in two years .
The approval process had taken 14 .
“ There are lots of people with authority to make pieces of the decision , ” explains Susan Tomasky , president of AEP Transmission , “ and no single entity that can say ‘ yes ' or ‘ no ' . ”
Despite recent changes , the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ( FERC ) has limited power to make projects go faster .
Fortunately , officials have started to address these problems .
In September 2008 the governors of the Dakotas , Iowa , Minnesota and Wisconsin formed an alliance to co-operate on regional planning .
Midwest ISO , which supervises 94,000 miles of high - voltage lines , is considering ways to spread the costs of new transmission beyond local ratepayers and taking part in preparing a broad plan for the eastern interconnection .
Federal legislation will help too .
Harry Reid , the Senate 's Democratic leader , Mr Bingaman and Byron Dorgan of North Dakota have offered three of the most prominent proposals .
Each would require comprehensive plans for the interconnections , and would , to varying degrees , expand FERC 's authority to locate big new projects and allocate their costs .
Initiatives like this would help to encourage firms already eager to invest .
Two of the most ambitious plans belong to AEP and to ITC Holdings , which each want to build lines from the upper Midwest to cities farther east .
In April FERC offered ITC's “ Green Power Express ” initial incentives to push the project along .
However , even quick progress in the world of transmission is slow .
If all goes according to schedule — an unlikely thought — the Green Power Express would still not be in service until 2020 .
Fights in Washington are inevitable .
FERC 's role in siting projects is controversial .
More important , this debate may be bogged down by broader ones , such as the fight over a mandate to make a greater share of electricity from renewable sources .
Meanwhile the winds whistle across the plains .
Homebrew 8080 Computer
[ Home ] [ Schematics ] [ Pictures ] [ 8088 Computer ] [ MIDI ] [ Z80SBC ] [ Pong ] [ Downloads ] [ Links ] [ Contact ]
Other Stuff :
555 Contest Entry
CADET single board discrete processor
Arduino SID Shield
Apple II Colour Demodulator
Floppy Disk Audio Sampler
Arduino DSP
Filter for PWM output
Display any video on an oscilloscope
A Tube VCO using Theremin techniques
8 - bit SPI Video for ATmegas
I started these 8080 based computers ( 8080 Mk I and II ) about a year ago after finding some odd boards at an electronics junk shop here in Adelaide .
I ended up with three CPU boards ( with two 8080 's each ) and a few peripheral boards .
They were a steal at $ 1 each .
The oldest 8080 of the lot was an Intel C8080A - 1 dated late 1975 - a very old chip indeed .
Amazingly all of the 8080's and associated peripheral chips still work .
Here it is running Zork I from a very slow floppy drive
And again playing Still Alive
All of the boards of the 8080's were created with ' point - to - point ' wiring using wirewrap wire .
Using wirewrap this way tends to get very messy and often causes bridged connections .
Pictured below is the 8080 Mk I computer I created to put one of the 8080 's to use .
This system is simpler than the Mk II but worked very well for a second attempt at a homebuilt computer .
Nothing beats the thrill of seeing one of these churn out " Hello World ! " for the first time ( or maybe I should get out more ... ) .
8080 MkI running NOP's
The 8080 Mk 2 system is a big improvement over the original design .
I tried to keep it close to the Eurocard standard by using DIN 41612 connectors rather than the 50 pin IDC headers , and used 100x150 mm prototype cards .
This gave me more signal lines so the 8080 Mk II has support for vectored interrupts and DMA control .
The interrupt controller is an Intel 8214 with an 8212 , layed out as showen in the 8080 Users Guide .
The DMA controller is an 8237 , the same as the IBM PC .
Last updated 2014/01/20
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Okay , quick :
Which portion of the US economy consumes the most energy ?
Nope .
It ’s not transportation .
Not manufacturing either .
The correct answer is the building sector , which guzzles about three - quarters of the nation ’s electricity and half of our overall energy — and is responsible for almost half of America ’s carbon emissions .
Round two :
Which sector , besides banking , has been hardest hit by the recession ?
You can see where this is going .
Construction unemployment stands at 20 percent , more than twice the national rate .
For the six months that ended in April , the building industry has shed jobs at a rate of about 120,000 per month — more than 1.2 million jobs have been lost since December 2007 .
Private construction , which normally accounts for about 9 percent of America ’s GDP , is on its knees .
For near - broke local governments , this means a shrinking tax base , new foreclosures , and more citizens and companies in need of handouts .
But what if there were a way to simultaneously revive this flagging industry , slash energy use , and reduce carbon emissions using federal stimulus cash ?
And what if the strategy generated all sorts of jobs and filled government coffers and kept people in their homes — even people who have nothing whatsoever to do with the construction ?
Sounds like a fantasy , but Santa Fe- based architect Edward Mazria has done the math , and his “ 14 x ” plan , which he calculates will generate $ 14 in private spending for every stimulus buck spent , is creating buzz in city halls across the country .
Mazria was in Washington , D.C. , last week pitching his plan to senators , administration officials , and perhaps more importantly , to a luncheon crowd of about 250 mayors , council members , and county commissioners at a national climate change summit hosted by the International Council for Local Environmental Initiatives ( ICLEI ) .
Since late March , state and local officials have scrambled to secure their share of $ 6.3 billion in energy - efficiency grants offered by the federal stimulus package .
( They have until June 25 to apply to the Department of Energy , which decides who gets what . )
The politicians were riveted by Mazria ’s talk , says Michelle Wyman , ICLEI ’s executive director .
They even stopped eating to pay closer attention , and when Mazria finished his spiel , they gave him standing ovation .
“ You could almost see in the audience light bulbs going on as he put flesh on the skeleton of his concept , ” says Mayor Patrick Hays of North Little Rock , Ark .
“ It was like a preacher giving a sermon and by the end we were singing out of the same hymn book and there were ten or twelve of us lining up to be baptized . ”
Mazria ’s sermon took root a few short weeks ago , at one in the morning , when a sleepless Wyman emailed him with a conundrum .
She knew he was a creative problem solver with street cred on climate change : Thousands of architects and construction firms , schools , nonprofits , and state and local governments have already joined the 2030 Challenge — a centerpiece of Mazria ’s Architecture 2030 initiative — promising to ratchet up energy efficiency on their building projects with the goal of making all new buildings and major renovations carbon neutral within 21 years .
Wyman informed Mazria that she ’d received a plea from a mayor who was under political pressure to spend $ 683,000 of promised stimulus money on a parking lot .
The mayor knew the massive federal investment in local communities was a once - in - a - lifetime kind of thing , and he did n’t want to blow it on wasteful one - off projects .
What kinds of uses for that money would have a truly lasting , positive effect ?
Which got Mazria to thinking .
Suppose a city were to use its stimulus money to , say , trick out a new public library with insulated windows , natural lighting , solar panels , and so on .
It would make for a fine green showcase , maybe even a building that produced as much energy as it used , with modest savings down the road .
But what if that city instead took that money and said to local homeowners and businesses :
If you refinance your home or building , we ’ll pay the bank percentage points up front to get you a lower interest rate .
In exchange , you ’ll make efficiency upgrades — installing better windows , insulation , a more efficient furnace , PV panels , on - demand water heaters , whatever .
The more efficient the upgrade , the more the city pays down the interest rate .
Over the next few weeks , Mazria and his staff at Architecture 2030 hammered out the details .
Renovation costs could be lumped into the new loan so that the owner pays nothing up front , but still makes out with a cheaper energy bill , a more valuable property , and lower payments ; a family currently paying 6 percent on a $ 230,000 loan , they calculated , could install a $ 20,000 system of solar panels and still save $ 425 per month — not counting a new federal tax credit that covers 30 percent of the cost .
The property owner is n’t the only one who stands to benefit from this arrangement .
Local builders and banks get a shot in the arm , as do engineers , architects , and producers of building materials .
New markets emerge for energy - efficient products .
Contractors get back to work and fewer people lose their homes and go on the dole .
All told , Mazria says , that remodel will have doubled to tripled the value of the city ’s stimulus dollar ; for new construction , the city would see a 25 - fold effect .
( The 14 x figure assumes a ratio of 70 percent renovation to 30 percent new building . )
The resulting boom in construction - related spending also means higher tax revenues at all levels of government .
“ It builds local pots of money that cities can reinvest in more energy efficiency , ” beams ICLEI ’s Wyman .
“ It ’s absolutely brilliant .
Everybody wins . ”
Mazria has vetted his plan with bankers at Wells Fargo , Bankers Trust , and Bank of the West , all of whom are interested in providing loans ; while in Washington , he also met with the Teamsters , who are eager to get in on the green economy .
The city of Des Moines , whose mayor , Frank Cownie , helped Mazria develop and pitch his proposal to state and federal leaders , has been fully on board .
Cincinnati has expressed interest , too .
Ditto Atlanta , Dubuque , Santa Barbara , Albuquerque , Fort Wayne .
North Little Rock , population 61,000 , is “ absolutely ” planning to file a 14 x application , according to Mayor Hays .
The Arkansas contingent , in fact , is already devising new twists on the concept .
Green business pioneer Martha Jane Murray , an architect and shoe factory co-owner who set up free home energy audits and energy - efficiency loans for her employees , is now considering ways to incorporate mortgage - rate paydowns into her program .
By offering cheaper home loans as an employee benefit — contingent on an energy retrofit — a company could effectively give workers a pay raise that encourages them to stay put .
Mayor
Hays suggests that cities might even use such incentives to , say , entice police officers to live in what he calls “ challenged ” areas of town .
“ It ’s a simple idea , ” he notes , “ but it certainly seems to hold promise for some profound opportunities . ”
DOE officials seemed “ real excited ” about 14x , Mazria says , and will likely look favorably upon local variations of his plan as the stimulus money begins to flow in earnest in late June .
( “ Yes , we ’re excited , ” confirms Claire Johnson , the department ’s efficiency advisor for the stimulus package , “ but we ’re excited by a lot of things .
The department is always interested in innovative ways to increase energy efficiency . ” )
Phase 2 of the plan would elevate the concept to the federal level .
Mazria envisions dipping into the $ 1.2 trillion pot the Federal Reserve has set aside to buy up debt and toxic securities and bolster Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
A mere $ 60 billion of that money , Mazria says , would enable the federal government to tie mortgage - rate paydowns to energy efficiency on a grand scale , leading to $ 572 billion in construction spending , 9 million jobs , and $ 40 billion in state and local tax revenue .
Best of all , the whole thing will pay for itself :
Within a year , Mazria calculates , that $ 60 billion will have brought in a whopping $ 120 billion in federal taxes .
“ To turn the country around , ” says the architect , “ you need to turn the building sector around .
And you have an opportunity to transform it as you ’re bringing it back . ”
One in four men in South Africa have admitted to rape and many confess to attacking more than one victim , according to a study that exposes the country 's endemic culture of sexual violence .
Three out of four rapists first attacked while still in their teens , the study found .
One in 20 men said they had raped a woman or girl in the last year .
South Africa is notorious for having one of the highest levels of rape in the world .
Only a fraction are reported , and only a fraction of those lead to a conviction .
The study into rape and HIV , by the country 's Medical Research Council ( MRC ) , asked men to tap their answers into a Palm Pilot device to guarantee anonymity .
The method appears to have produced some unusually frank responses .
Professor Rachel Jewkes of the MRC , who carried out the research , said : " We have a very , very high prevalence of rape in South Africa .
I think it is down to ideas about masculinity based on gender hierarchy and the sexual entitlement of men .
It 's rooted in an African ideal of manhood . "
Jewkes and her colleagues interviewed a representative sample of 1,738 men in South Africa 's Eastern Cape and KwaZulu - Natal provinces .
Of those surveyed , 28 % said they had raped a woman or girl , and 3 % said they had raped a man or boy .
Almost half who said they had carried out a rape admitted they had done so more than once , with 73 % saying they had carried out their first assault before the age of 20 .
The study , which had British funding , also found that men who are physically violent towards women are twice as likely to be HIV - positive .
They are also more likely to pay for sex and to not use condoms .
Any woman raped by a man over the age of 25 has a one in four chance of her attacker being HIV - positive .
One in 10 men said they had been forced to have sex with another man .
Many find it difficult to report such attacks to the police in subcultures where the concept of homosexuality is taboo .
South Africa 's government has been repeatedly criticised for failing to address the crisis .
Only 7 % of reported rapes are estimated to lead to a conviction .
Jewkes said : " There 's been a lot of concern about the way the criminal justice system works , because it 's still woeful . "
Before his election as president , Jacob Zuma stood trial for the rape of a family friend .
His supporters demonstrated at the court house , verbally attacked his accuser and sang " burn the bitch , burn the bitch " .
Zuma was eventually acquitted .
Jewkes added : " The social space for debating these gender issues is now smaller than it was a few years ago .
We need our government to show political leadership in changing attitudes .
We need South African men , from the top to the grassroots , to take responsibility . "
Anti-rape campaigners said the shocking figures demonstrated the need for reform .
Dean Peacock , co-director of the Sonke Gender Justice project , said : " We need to make sure the criminal justice system is held to account .
We have lots of discussion in this country , but not enough action is taken to ensure that perpetrators will face consequences . "
Zuma , a polygamist , was criticised for emphasising his Zulu tribal identity and singing militant songs during this year 's election campaign .
He made comments that outraged anti-Aids and gender campaigners .
Peacock added : " We 're at a complicated moment in South African history with revived traditionalism and there 's a danger of gender transformation being lost .
" We hear men saying , ' If Jacob Zuma can have many wives , I can have many girlfriends . '
The hyper - masculine rhetoric of the Zuma campaign is going to set back our work in challenging the old model of masculinity . "
Carrie Shelver , an activist with People Opposing Women Abuse , said : " Generally there 's a deficit of understanding and commitment to women 's rights by the leadership of this country .
It 's simply not on people 's agenda . "
A report published by the trade union Solidarity earlier this month said that one child is raped in South Africa every three minutes , with 88 % of rapes going unreported .
It found that levels of child abuse in South Africa are increasing rapidly .
The lover of a wealthy French financier yesterday admitted that she shot him four times while he was bound to a chair dressed in a latex body - suit .
Cécile Brossard , 40 , interrupted a murder trial in Geneva to say that she wanted to ask for the " forgiveness " of the family of Edouard Stern , but she knew that , " there could be no forgiveness for such an abominable act " .
M. Stern , 50 , one of France 's most influential men and a friend of President Nicolas Sarkozy , was murdered in his apartment in Geneva in February 2005 .
He and Mme Brossard , a call - girl turned artist , had a tempestuous , four - year sado - masochistic love affair before they quarrelled over her demands for $ 1 m ( £ 660,000 ) as a " token of his love " .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
After a series of disputes and reconciliations , in which M. Stern first paid , and then blocked , the money , Mme Brossard admits going to his apartment and shooting him during an elaborate sexual game .
She claims that the killing was a " crime of passion " , provoked when the tied - up banker said : " A million dollars is a lot of money to pay for a whore . "
In an unscheduled opening statement on the first day of a nine - day trial yesterday , Mme Brossard spoke warmly of the man she had murdered : " He was an intelligent man , a refined man , an extraordinary man in every way .
" I do n't want this trial to tarnish his memory .
I just want to explain what brought me to that point . "
Earlier the court heard statements in camera from M. Stern 's three children , aged 18 to 24 , and from his estranged wife , Béatrice .
She described him as an " extremely nice man ... with faults , who could be very demanding of himself and those whom he loved . "
Suspicion for M. Stern 's murder initially fell on the Russian mafia after it emerged that he had been involved in troubled business dealings in Moscow .
Several books and a movie have been devoted , directly or indirectly , to his double life and bizarre death .
From the age of 24 , when he took over the family bank , ejecting his father , M. Stern had had a brilliant and controversial career in high finance .
He married Béatrice David - Weill , the daughter of the owner of the powerful bank Lazard .
In 1997 , he split acrimoniously with his father - in - law and started his own investment company , which conducted a series of high - profile deals .
The basic facts of his murder are not in dispute .
During his relationship with Mme Brossard , they both tried to dominate the other .
When she came to his Geneva apartment on 28 February , they quarrelled over the blocked payment and then made up .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
In her confession statement to police , she said that the banker got into his flesh - coloured body - suit and asked to be tied to a chair and whipped .
She put on her black boots and fishnet stockings .
" We were completely wrapped up in our game , " she told police .
" Then , looking straight at me , he said : ' A million dollars is a lot to pay for a whore . '
Something snapped inside me . "
She said that she went to his dressing table , chose one of the three revolvers there and shot him first twice in the head and then twice in the body .
Her lawyers claim that she was – and still is – sincerely in love with M. Stern , and was driven to distraction by his often repeated , and then withdrawn , offers of marriage and money .
If they can convince the jury that she committed a " crime of passion " she would face a jail sentence of no more than 10 years , four of which she has already served .
Her principal lawyer , Maître Alec Reymond , said yesterday that she had spent 12 sessions in a psychiatric clinic since her arrest and confession .
He said that Mme Brossard believed that she was still " in contact " with her murdered lover and that they were " united for eternity " .
The lawyer representing M. Stern 's family , Maître Marc Bonnant , will argue that she committed an unpremeditated but financially motivated murder and should be given a 20 - year sentence .
He said yesterday that a " crime of passion " implied that " the victim was not innocent and played a role in his own murder " .
" The circumstances were sexual , but not the cause of his death , " he said .
" This was not a sexual act gone wrong .
It was murder committed during a sexual act but not a sexual crime . "
The Stern family lawyer will also point to the fact that Mme Brossard fled to Australia and came back again just after the murder as evidence of a " calculated " attempt to cover up her crime .
Drones equipped with tiny , precision - guided missiles were supposed to make battles incredibly exact - killing only armed enemies , while leaving innocent bystanders unharmed .
But in its war against Hamas , the Israel Defense Forces " killed 29 civilians , eight of them children " during six drone strikes , according to a new report out from Human Rights Watch .
It 's the latest in a long series of accusations of wartime transgressions leveled at the Israeli military for its conduct during the Gaza campaign .
But this report , in some ways , may be the most damning .
Relying on eyewitness accounts , investigations of the attack scenes and IDF video , Human Rights Watch could find no evidence " that Palestinian fighters were present in the immediate area " during the six unmanned attacks .
" None of the targets were moving quickly or leaving the area , so the drone operators would have had time to determine whether they were observing civilians or combatants , and to hold fire if they were not able to tell the difference . "
And that failure to distinguish between the two is a violation of the laws of war , the group says .
Not every drone attack was incriminate , of course .
At the tail end of the Gaza war , I saw an IDF remote pilot struggle to determine whether targets were suspected Hamas terrorists , or just ordinarily citizens .
I watched as he called off missile launches , to prevent civilians nearby from being struck .
But other decisions to fire seem harder to justify , Human Rights Watch notes .
In one daytime attack on December 27 , the first day of the Israeli offensive , an IDF drone - launched missile hit a group of students who were waiting for a bus in central Gaza City ... killing nine students , two of them women , and three other civilians .
The IDF has failed to explain why it targeted the group on a crowded central street with no known military activity in the area at the time .
Of course , Israeli drones and equipped with sensors and weapons , specifically designed to keep this sort of thing from happening .
The aircraft are equipped with high - resolution infrared and electro - optical cameras .
" The missile launched from a drone carries its own cameras that allow the operator to observe the target from the moment of firing to impact .
If doubts arise about a target after a missile has been launched , the drone operator can remotely divert the weapon elsewhere , " the report observes .
Those Spike missiles are anti-tank munitions , modified to carry a " fragmentation sleeve " of tiny , tungsten cubes .
With their heavy weight and 3 millimeter size , the cubes keep the missile 's " area of effect relatively small — approximately 20 meters in diameter . "
That 's supposed to cut down on stray shrapnel , and on so - called " collateral damage . "
But anyone caught inside the Spike 's lethal orbit is in deep trouble .
Not only can the cubes puncture thin metal and cinder block .
Erik Fosse , a Norwegian doctor working in Gaza , says that the weapon " cause [d ] the tissue to be torn from the flesh . "
At the attack sites , " Human Rights Watch also found circuit boards and other missile parts consistent with the Spike .
Some of the wounded civilians showed impact marks from the cubic fragments , and in one case x-rays showed metal cubes lodged in the leg and chest of a victim .
Victims and witnesses also spoke of hearing the distinctive buzz of the overhead drone — what Palestinians call a * zannana *— prior to an attack . "
[ Photo : Israeli-Weapons.com ]
ALSO :
Edit midday Saturday : I ’ve just read the Guardian version and it ’s been cut a bit , whole chunks missing , and bits rewritten .
This is the best reason to have a blog .
Anyway , if Baroness Greenfield responds – and naturally I hope she will , as there is a great deal more to say on this topic – I hope she will respond to what I actually wrote , below .
Ben Goldacre
The Guardian
Saturday 16 May 2009
You will be familiar with the work of Professor Baroness Susan Greenfield .
She is head of the Royal Institute Institution of Great Britain , where she has charged herself with promoting the public ’s understanding of science , of what it means for there to be evidence for a given proposition .
This is important work .
You will also doubtless be aware of her more prominent activity on the many terrifying risks of computers , exemplified in the Daily Mail headline “ Social websites harm children ’s brains : Chilling warning to parents from top neuroscientist ” , “ Computers could be fuelling obesity crisis , says Baroness Susan Greenfield ” in the Telegraph , “ Do you have Facebook flab ?
Computer use could make you eat too much , warns professor ” in the Mail again , “ How Facebook addiction is damaging your child ’s Brain ” , and so on .
These stories arise from a string of lectures , public meetings , pronouncements , and articles in the popular press , generated by the Baroness over the past few years .
They are never set out as a clear hypothesis , in a formal academic publication , with the accompanying evidence and a clear suggestion of what research programmes might be planned to clarify on any uncertainties .
She has explained , when criticised for a lack of clarity , a lack of evidence and an excess of panic , that these are merely ideas , speculations , hypotheses .
It is for the reader to seek out the original texts of this prodigious output – assuming a surfeit of time – and come to their own conclusions on whether her caveats were expressed with sufficient clarity and force .
On this , I can not illuminate you , in one short column .
It is also for you to judge whether Professor Greenfield , with her extensive experience of working in the media , and repeated experience of being the engine behind such scare stories over several years , should be able to predict that her “ speculations ” and “ hypotheses ” will inevitably result in scare stories in the press .
However it might be useful to walk through the most recent example , from this week , where we learn about her concerns on obesity , through the Telegraph and the Daily Mail .
“ Computer games , the internet and social networking sites may be fuelling the obesity crisis ” is the theory .
By encouraging kids to sit around ?
No : “ by changing the workings of the brain , an eminent scientist has warned . ”
There is much talk of the “ prefrontal cortex ” .
Regular readers will remember fascinating research from
Yale in 2008 showing that the use of neurosciencey language can make an uninformative and circular argument appear more plausible to a lay audience .
But do Greenfield ’s ideas have substance beyond this ?
Let ’s see .
“ While a child who falls out of a tree will quickly learn not to repeat the mistake , someone who goes wrong on a computer game will just keep playing . ”
It seems to me that experimenting in a safe environment is one of the key , enduring , almost definitive features of all “ play ” .
Perhaps I am wrong and this is entirely new .
Moving on .
“ Computer use could be cutting attention spans , stifling imagination and hampering empathy , she said . ”
“ As a result , the parts of the brain involved in these traits will not develop properly . ”
Neuroscienciness aside , again , with the best will in the world , this seems slightly foolish , simply because there are so many different things you could do with a computer , some of which would probably enhance attention span , imagination , and empathy .
In fact , those with long memories may be doubly confused here , because Professor Greenfield herself personally endorses a computer games product called MindFit , which is supposed to keep you clever .
Greenfield launched this product – using Baronial privilege – two years ago in the House of Lords , to much media fanfare in the Times , Telegraph , BBC and more .
Mind
Fit ’s games were supposed to exercise “ short - term memory , spatial memory , visual perception , scanning , divided attention , shifting , awareness , hand - eye coordination , time estimation , planning and inhibition . ”
So do lots of computer games and activities .
When
Which magazine investigated the company ’s claims they were sent three studies .
Two had basic design flaws , and one they reported as being well designed , with some positive results , but this had not been formally published .
“ There is good evidence that some activities help maintain mental processes , ” said Which , and I agree .
“ But many of these are cheap or even free , such as getting regular physical exercise , eating healthily and having an active social life . ”
Baroness Greenfield ’s personally endorsed product , MindFit , costs £ 88 .
That ’s quite a lot of money .
Let us be clear .
It is possible that much of the Baroness ’s output on this topic is speculative flim flam , dressed up in an unnecessarily expensive and sciencey “ gloss ” .
And perhaps it is dangerous and unhelpful for one of our most prominent science communicators , whose stated aim is to improve the public ’s understanding of science , to appear repeatedly in the media making wild headline - grabbing claims , with minimal evidence , all the while telling us repeatedly that they are a scientist .
Perhaps by doing this , the head of the Royal Institute unhelpfully misrepresents what it is that scientists do , and indeed the whole notion of what it means to have empirical evidence for a clearly stated claim , thus undermining the public ’s understanding of science , devaluing the coin , and making our jobs harder ?
I do n’t know .
I am merely raising it as a hypothesis .
We need to examine these questions in more detail .
I am very , very happy to do so .
Whenever an epic film franchise hits the screens , it ’s almost a given that commercials on everything from socks to cheese slices will be all over the place .
Star Wars was , of course , no exception .
Now , despite the fact that nearly every toy ad from the films was nutty in its own right , these twenty commercials are about everything but the playthings .
Take a look at the bizarre and laugh .
The Star Wars Anti-Drunk Driving Campaign
So the assumption here is that Aliens have the same tolerance for alcohol as humans .
That guy that anally probed me sure was n’t drunk .
Oh Look !
Dr. Evil is Being Funny !
Oddly enough , this was the better of the two compared movies .
Who would have guessed ?
I ’d Bet Someone on Ebay ’s Paying a Ton For This
Call me ignorant , but is n’t the fun of having a Name Decoder already ruined by the pictures of the characters all over the item ?
Not very secret .
Hone Your Jedi Skills By Playing This Thing
Tis is where the Jedi Kid got his mad talent .
Part One of the C - 3PO Cereal Saga
Ad wizards : “ Let ’s make a C - 3PO cereal !
Kids will love it ! ”
CEO : “ What ’s he , like a robot or something ? ”
Ad wizards : “ Yeah … we can make like his head a cereal shape !
Maybe some of those marshmallows ! ”
CEO : “ Or… Siamese Cheerios … ”
Part Two of the C - 3PO Cereal Saga
Believe it or not , I have a box of this stuff .
It ’s empty and I bought it at a garage sale years ago .
I am a dork .
Why is Seeing R2 - D2 Puffin ’ on a Smoke So Cute ?
This ad is the very reason I only smoked for eleven years instead of fifteen .
Thanks Star Wars !
Star Wars and NES : A Match Made in Heaven
This game had 2 problems :
It was hard and it sucked .
Also it sucked hard .
The Fast Food Brigade : Burger Chef
We had a Burger Chef around these parts when I was a kid .
They had cool promos for sure .
The Fast Food Brigade : Burger King
I have one of these and a white plastic one from … wait , you do n’t care .
The Fast Food Brigade : Taco Bell
Strangely , I do n’t recall McDonald ’s getting in on any of this action .
The Fast Food Brigade : Taco Bell , KFC , and Pizza Hut
Even without the added benefit of Star Wars this would be an odd ad .
The Choice of a New Generation
So does the fact that Coke had no part in shilling Star Wars have anything to do with McDonald ’s avoidance ?
Their Credit is Bad , Too .
I ’m not entirely convinced this ad is genuine .
But ’s it ’s still pretty bizarre .
One Of My Favorites
Wait , is n’t that really how they work ?
Too Funny
VanPelt ’s reaction is priceless .
All Four of the Spike TV Spots
Der Bundestag hat am heutigen Donnerstag mit den Stimmen der großen Koalition den Gesetzentwurf zu Web - Sperren im Kampf gegen die Verbreitung von Kinderpornographie über das Internet abgesegnet ( 389 Ja- , 128 Nein- Stimmen , 18 Enthaltungen ) .
Die Opposition votierte geschlossen gegen das Vorhaben .
" Wir haben die Pflicht , alle rechtsstaatlichen Mittel zur Bekämpfung von Kinderpornographie einzusetzen " , begründete Martina Krogmann , parlamentarische Geschäftsführerin der CDU / CSU - Fraktion die Initiative .
Es könne sich hier niemand auf die Informationsfreiheit berufen .
Krogmann sagte , mit dem Gesetz solle der Zugang zu Kinderpornos vor allem für Zufallsnutzer erschwert werden .
Sie räumte ein , dass erstmals eine Sperrinfrastruktur fürs Internet errichtet werde und darum ein " Kulturkampf " um die Freiheit im Netz ausgebrochen sei .
Der " Damm " für die Blockade weiterer unliebsamer Inhalte sei aber dank des Spezialgesetzes nicht gebrochen .
Es sei zudem wichtig , ein Kontrollgremium beim Bundesbeauftragten für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit einzurichten .
Dies sei die richtige Stelle für die Prüfung der Schwarzen Liste .
Die Ablehnung des Datenschutzbeauftragten Peter Schaar sei " abenteuerlich " .
Martin Dörmann von der SPD - Fraktion betonte , dass gegen eine Ausdehnung der Sperren mehrere Hürden aufgebaut worden seien .
Freiheitsrechte würden verteidigt , nicht gebrochen .
Zudem würden bereits auf vertraglicher Basis Sperrstrukturen aufgebaut .
Sein Parteikollege Jörg Tauss sprach in einer Kurzintervention davon , dass die Vereinbarungen mit fünf großen Providern durch Nötigung zustande gekommen sei .
Es sei rechtsstaatlich unmöglich , diese nachträglich zu legalisieren .
Max Stadler von der FDP erklärte , dass die Kinderpornographie mit dem Gesetz " um kein Jota zurückgedrängt wird " .
Die Form der Verabschiedung sei ferner nicht gegen Zweifel erhaben .
Die Beratung erfolge über ein gänzlich anderes Gesetz als ursprünglich vorgesehen .
Dass hier Verfassungsbeschwerden eingereicht würden , liege auf der Hand .
Die Diskussion um die Ausweitung der Blockaden sei absehbar " wie das Amen in der Kirche " .
Der " Placebo " - Entwurf sei nicht verhältnismäßig und öffne das Tor zur Internetzensur , monierte Jörn Wunderlich von den Linken .
Eine rechtsstaatliche Kontrolle der Sperrlisten finde nicht statt .
Polizeibehörden dürften nicht darüber entscheiden , was publiziert werden dürfe .
Wolfgang Wieland beklagte für die Grünen , dass " im Schweinsgalopp " allein ein " Vorhang für Verbrechen " aufgezogen werde .
Es sei " schierer Missbrauch " , das Vorhaben unter der Flagge des Wirtschaftsrechts durchzusetzen .
Prinzipiell müsste zumindest ein verwaltungsrechtliches Widerrufsverfahren gegen die Aufnahme auf die Schwarze Liste eingeführt werden .
Ein Richter habe die Anordnung zu genehmigen , kein Kontrollgremium beim Bundesbeauftragten für Informationsfreiheit .
Das Gesetz , das nach umfangreichen Änderungen den Titel " Gesetz zur Erschwerung des Zugangs zu kinderpornographischen Inhalten in Kommunikationsnetzen " trägt , soll auf drei Jahre befristetet werden .
Das Bundeskriminalamt ( BKA ) soll täglich eine Sperrliste erstellen .
Alle Zugangsanbieter mit mindestens 10.000 Teilnehmern müssen sie " unverzüglich " und zumindest auf Ebene des Domain Name Systems ( DNS ) implementieren .
Ausgenommen sind Provider , die keine öffentlichen Internetzugänge vermitteln und selbst " vergleichbar wirksame Sperrmaßnahmen " einsetzen .
Das BKA darf außereuropäische Kinderporno - Angebote " sofort " in das Filterverzeichnis aufnehmen , wenn ihm eine Löschbarkeit der Serverinhalte in " angemessener Zeit " nicht plausibel erscheint .
Informationen an die betroffenen Host - Provider über die inkriminierten Inhalte muss die Polizeibehörde nicht verschicken .
Die Warnung vor einem " Gesichtsverlust " , die 13 Bundestagskandidaten der SPD in einem offenen Brief heute noch aussprachen , stieß bei den Abgeordneten der eigenen Partei auf taube Ohren .
In dem Appell heißt es , dass die SPD bei einer Zustimmung zu diesem Gesetz besonders junge Menschen nachhaltig verprelle .
Das Eintreten für ein " wirkungsloses " Vorhaben schüre Zensurängste und vergrätze selbst " unsere treusten Fürsprecher in der digitalen Welt " aus dem " Online - Beirat " der SPD .
Die Stimmen von über 130.000 Unterzeichnern der Rekord - Petition gegen das Gesetz dürften nicht ignoriert werden .
Bundesfamilienministerin Ursula von der Leyen ( CDU ) war bei den abschließenden Lesungen nicht anwesend .
Zuvor hatte sie gesagt , es sei " zynisch , im Zusammenhang mit Kinderpornografie von Zensur zu sprechen " .
Als nächstes muss sich der Bundesrat mit dem Vorhaben befassen .
Da es sich nicht um ein zustimmungspflichtiges Gesetz handelt , könnten die Länder höchstens Einspruch erheben und das Inkrafttreten am Tag nach der Verkündigung im Bundesgesetzblatt verhindern .
Damit ist aber nicht zu rechnen , da die Koalition vielen Forderungen des Bundesrates Rechnung getragen hat .
Das Gesetz könnte so im Sommer oder Herbst bereits Gültigkeit erlangen .
Siehe dazu auch :
( Stefan Krempl ) / ( anw )
Editor Ratings : User Ratings : [ Total : 0 Average : 0 /5 ]
Scribus is a nice free Open Source Desktop Publishing Software .
Scribus supports professional publishing features , such as CMYK color , separations , ICC color management and versatile PDF creation .
Subscribe to our RSS Feed , and follow us on Twitter to get all the latest updates Free
Scribus works on Windows , Mac OS X , OS /2 , Linux , and Unix .
Scribus presents professional page layout with a combination of “ press - ready ” output and new approaches to page layout .
Scribus is totally free , and supports advanced features .
However , it might be a bit difficult to learn in the beginning .
But its free , versatile , and works on multiple platform .
Scribus has a well maintained wiki that provides all the documentation about Scribus .
Surprisingly , I had a really tough time finding link to that wiki .
They have burried it in their website .
Here is the link for Scribus wiki .
Download link for Scribus at the end .
“ I want my money back , President Obama ! ”
That ’s the title of Marie Marchand ’s column in Common Dreams this week .
Marie Marchand says she gave $ 20 a week for seven months to the Obama campaign — plus $ 60 every once in a while for a t - shirt and sticker .
“ I gave of my modest purse joyfully , ” she writes .
“ I thought I was supporting change I could believe in , not more of the same bloodshed and war ! ”
She now feels betrayed .
Millions of Americans are feeling betrayed .
They thought Obama as President meant change we can believe in .
They thought Obama as President meant complete withdrawal from Iraq .
They thought Obama as President meant standing up to Wall Street fat cats .
They thought Obama as President meant a living wage .
But for those of you who stood with us during the 2008 Presidential campaign , you knew the score .
You do not feel betrayed .
You are immune to Obama Betrayal Syndrome .
Because you knew , as we pointed out repeatedly during the campaign , that Obama was the corporate Democrat .
Beholden to large campaign contributors from Wall Street .
From the military industrial complex .
And from the health insurance pharma complex .
You knew what my campaign colleague Theresa Amato has documented in her new book — Grand Illusion : The Myth of Voter Choice in a Two Party Tyranny ( New Press , June 2009 . )
That the Democrats and Republicans are beholden to their corporate paymasters .
You knew that the only way out was to organize from the grassroots up .
That ’s why we started Single Payer Action — to put the question squarely to this corporate Congress and to the corporate Obama administration — why is single payer , everybody in , nobody out , free choice of doctor and hospital — off the table ?
After all , Single Payer is supported by the majority of Americans and the majority of doctors and nurses .
In West Virginia , Congresswoman Shelley Moore Capito ( R - West Virginia ) — why is single payer off the table ?
In Florida , Congresswoman Ileana Ros-Lehtinen ( R - Florida ) — why is single payer off the table ?
In Oregon , Congressman Earl Blumenauer ( D - Oregon ) — why is single payer off the table ?
In Washington , D.C. , First Lady Michelle Obama , Senators Max Baucus ( D - Montana ) Charles Schumer ( D - New York ) Chris Dodd ( D - Connecticut ) and Kent Conrad ( D - North Dakota ) — why is single payer off the table ?
Check out Single Payer Action TV — and watch as activists from around the country demand an answer from these politicians — why is single payer off the table ?
Thanks to your generous contributions , Single Payer Action has been able to pump up a constant stream of single payer actions around the country .
Congress is now on its Independence Day recess .
Here ’s what you can do to help out Single Payer Action and its summer accountability tour .
First , find out — through your Congress member ’s office , from your local newspaper , or by word of mouth — when and where your member of Congress or Senator will be holding a town hall meeting or other public event .
And let Single Payer Action know .
Send the information along to : [ email protected ]
Second , Single Payer Action needs your help now to help fund its summer actions .
You donate , and Single Payer Action provides the actions and then reports back to you — through its web site — singlepayeraction.org .
So , please donate now — $ 10 , $ 25 , $ 50 , $ 100 , $ 500 — or whatever you can afford .
If you donate $ 100 or more now , Single Payer Action will send you a copy , hot off the press , of Theresa Amato ’s hard cover , 379 - page masterpiece — Grand Illusion .
Phil Donahue said this about Grand Illusion : “ Theresa Amato takes the biggest swing — not a jab , but a roundhouse punch — at America ’s corrupt electoral system . ”
( Since it also includes chapters about my campaign against the corporate Republicans and Democrats — and since I wrote the foreword — I ’ll autograph it . )
So , do n’t delay .
Please donate now .
Let ’s break through the corporate barriers and make single payer for all a reality .
Together , we can make the difference .
Onward to a life - saving , cost - saving single payer .
Ralph Nader
PS – For those of you in the Washington , D.C. area , Theresa Amato will be appearing tonight ( Tuesday June 30 , 2009 ) at 6 pm to launch her nationwide book tour for Grand Illusion .
( Busboys & Poets , 14th & V Streets , NW , Washington , D.C. at 6 p.m. )
PPS – And remember , if you donate $ 100 or more to Single Payer Action now , I ’ll autograph and have sent to you a copy of Grand Illusion by Theresa Amato .
Please donate now .
( This book offer ends July 17 , 2009 . )
" To me , this is a story about an old man .
It 's a love story , a story about an author and his character , " said California , who added that John David California was his pen name .
He declined to give his real name and said that he did not intend " John David " as an homage to Salinger , whose full name is Jerome David Salinger .
I 'm the former insurance industry insider now speaking out about how big for - profit insurers have hijacked our health care system and turned it into a giant ATM for Wall Street investors , and how the industry is using its massive wealth and influence to determine what is ( and is not ) included in the health care reform legislation members of Congress are now writing .
Although by most measures I had a great career in the insurance industry ( four years at Humana and nearly 15 at CIGNA ) , in recent years I had grown increasingly uncomfortable serving as one of the industry 's top PR executives .
In addition to my responsibilities at CIGNA , which included serving as the company 's chief spokesman to the media on all corporate and financial matters , I also served on a lot of trade association committees and industry - financed coalitions , many of which were essentially front groups for insurers .
So I was in a unique position to see not only how Wall Street analysts and investors influence decisions insurance company executives make but also how the industry has carried out behind - the - scenes PR and lobbying campaigns to kill or weaken any health care reform efforts that threatened insurers ' profitability .
I also have seen how the industry 's practices -- especially those of the for - profit insurers that are under constant pressure from Wall Street to meet their profit expectations -- have contributed to the tragedy of nearly 50 million people being uninsured as well as to the growing number of Americans who , because insurers now require them to pay thousands of dollars out of their own pockets before their coverage kicks in -- are underinsured .
An estimated 25 million of us now fall into that category .
What I saw happening over the past few years was a steady movement away from the concept of insurance and toward " individual responsibility , " a term used a lot by insurers and their ideological allies .
This is playing out as a continuous shifting of the financial burden of health care costs away from insurers and employers and onto the backs of individuals .
As a result , more and more sick people are not going to the doctor or picking up their prescriptions because of costs .
If they are unfortunate enough to become seriously ill or injured , many people enrolled in these plans find themselves on the hook for such high medical bills that they are losing their homes to foreclosure or being forced into bankruptcy .
As an industry spokesman , I was expected to put a positive spin on this trend that the industry created and euphemistically refers to as " consumerism " and to promote so - called " consumer - driven " health plans .
I ultimately reached the point of feeling like a huckster .
I thought I could live with being a well - paid huckster and hang in there a few more years until I could retire .
I probably would have if I had n't made a completely spur - of - the - moment decision a couple of years ago that changed the direction of my life .
While visiting my folks in northeast Tennessee where I grew up , I read in the local paper about a health " expedition " being held that weekend a few miles up U.S. 23 in Wise , Va. Doctors , nurses and other medical professionals were volunteering their time to provide free medical care to people who lived in the area .
What intrigued me most was that Remote Area Medical , a non-profit group whose original mission was to provide free care to people in remote villages in South America , was organizing the expedition .
I decided to check it out .
That 50 - mile stretch of U.S. 23 , which twists through the mountains where thousands of men have made their living working in the coalmines , turned out to be my " road to Damascus . "
Nothing could have prepared me for what I saw when I reached the Wise County Fairgrounds , where the expedition was being held .
Hundreds of people had camped out all night in the parking lot to be assured of seeing a doctor or dentist when the gates opened .
By the time I got there , long lines of people stretched from every animal stall and tent where the volunteers were treating patients .
That scene was so visually and emotionally stunning it was all I could do to hold back tears .
How could it be that citizens of the richest nation in the world were being treated this way ?
A couple of weeks later I was boarding a corporate jet to fly from Philadelphia to a meeting in Connecticut .
When the flight attendant served my lunch on gold - rimmed china and gave me a gold - plated knife and fork to eat it with , I realized for the first time that someone 's insurance premiums were paying for me to travel in such luxury .
I also realized that one of the reasons those people in Wise County had to wait in long lines to be treated in animal stalls was because our Wall Street - driven health care system has created one of the most inequitable health care systems on the planet .
Although I quit my job last year , I did not make a final decision to speak out as a former insider until recently when it became clear to me that the insurance industry and its allies ( often including drug and medical device makers , business groups and even the American Medical Association ) were succeeding in shaping the current debate on health care reform .
While the thought of speaking out had crossed my mind during the months leading up to the day I gave notice , I initially decided instead to hang out my shingle as a consultant to small businesses and nonprofit organizations .
I decided to take the shingle down , though , at least for a while , when I heard members of Congress reciting talking points like the ones I used to write to scare people away from real reform .
I 'll have more to say about that over the coming weeks and months , but , for now , remember this : whenever you hear a politician or pundit use the term " government - run health care " and warn that the creation of a public health insurance option that would compete with private insurers ( or heaven forbid , a single - payer system like the one Canada has ) will " lead us down the path to socialism , " know that the original source of the sound bite most likely was some flack like I used to be .
Bottom line : I ultimately decided the stakes are too high for me to just sit on the sidelines and let the special interests win again .
So I have joined forces with thousands of other Americans who are trying to persuade our lawmakers to listen to us for a change , not just to the insurance and drug company executives who are spending millions to shape reform to benefit them and the Wall Street hedge fund managers they are beholden to .
Take it from me , a former insider , who knows what really motivates those folks .
You need to know where the hard - earned money you pay in health insurance premiums -- if you lucky enough to have coverage at all -- really goes .
I decided to speak out knowing that some people will not like what I have to say and will do all they can to discredit me .
In anticipation of that , here are some facts :
I am not doing this because my former employer was pushing me out the door or because I had become a disgruntled employee .
I had not been passed over for a promotion or anything like that .
As I noted earlier , I had a financially rewarding career in the industry , and I 'm very grateful for that .
I had numerous promotions , raises , bonuses , stock options and stock grants over the years .
When I left my last job , I was as close on the corporate ladder to the CEO as any PR person has ever climbed at the company .
I reported to the general counsel , the company 's top lawyer , whose boss is the chairman and CEO , a man I like and worked closely with over many years .
The decision to leave was entirely my own , and I left on good terms with everybody at the company .
In fact , I agreed to postpone my last day at work by more than two months at the company 's request .
My coworkers gave me a terrific going - away party , and I received dozens of kind notes from people all across the country including friends at other companies and at America 's Health Insurance Plans , the industry trade association .
I still consider all of them my friends .
In fact , the thing I have missed most since I left is working as part of a team , even though I eventually came to the conclusion that I was playing for the wrong side .
Being a consultant has its advantages , but I have missed the camaraderie .
After a few months , I thought that maybe I should consider working for another company again .
At one point , a former boss told me that another insurer had posted a PR job and encouraged me to contact a former CIGNA executive who worked there about it .
Against my better judgment , I did , but I immediately decided not to pursue it .
The last thing I wanted to do was to go from one big insurer to another one .
What the hell was I thinking ?
I 'm writing this because , knowing how things work , I 'm fully expecting insurers '
PR firms to quietly feed friends of the industry ( which include a roster of editorial writers and pundits , lawmakers and many others who fall under the broad category of " third - party advocates , " ) with anything they can think of to discredit me and what I say .
This will go on behind the scenes because the insurers will want to preserve the image they are working so hard to cultivate -- as a group of kind and caring folks who think only of you and your health and are working hard as real partners to Congress and the White House to find " a uniquely American solution " to what ails our system .
I expect this because I have worked closely with the industry 's PR firms over many years whenever the insurers were being threatened with bad publicity , litigation or legislation that might hinder profits .
One of the reasons I chose to become affiliated with the Center for Media and Democracy is because of the important work the organization does to expose often devious , dishonest and unethical PR practices that further the self interests of big corporations and special interest groups at the expense of the American people and the democratic principles this country was founded on .
After a long career in PR , I am looking forward to providing an insider 's perspective as a senior fellow at CMD , and I am very grateful for the opportunity to speak out for the rights and dignity of ordinary people .
The people of Wise County and every county deserve much better than to be left behind to suffer or die ahead of their time due to Wall Street 's efforts to keep our government from ensuring that all Americans have real access to first - class health care .
Wendell Potter is the Senior Fellow on Health Care for the Center for Media and Democracy in Madison , Wisconsin .
Peruvian Soccer Team Accidentally Leaves Player In Colombia
Peruvian soccer player Hernan Rengifo is livid with the management of Peru ’s national team .
He ’s got a pretty good reason .
Following Peru ’s 1 - 0 loss in Colombia , the team left Rengifo behind , only realizing that he was still in Medellin when they had arrived back in Lima .
Of all of the places in the world that you ’d not want to be left behind , Colombia would be right near the top of the list , somewhere between Iraq and North Korea .
It seems that the team left their hotel early and neglected to mention this to Rengifo .
Given how chaotic the travel schedules of sports teams can be , it ’s a wonder that this does n’t happen more often .
After the incident , Rengifo said , “ ” What happened with the team and the journey will remain on the consciences of the directors .
They know their responsibilities . ”
“ The directors know what they did , they ’re responsible for everyone in the team , ” he continued .
“ Many things have happened in Peruvian football that it ’s not surprising that unusual situations keep happening . ”
Peru sits dead last in the South American World Cup qualifying group .
If they keep ditching their players in other countries , they ’re not going to climb out of the basement any time soon .
Peru forgets footballer in Columbia [ Reuters ]
Like this post ?
Subscribe to our RSS feed or get Sports Rubbish in your inbox every day !
None Found
This girl fakes a bloody tampon and slaps her boyfriend in the face with it while he 's reading a book .
BEIJING --
An international group of business associations that includes most of the world 's major technology companies submitted a letter to Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao urging the government to scrap a requirement that personal computers come with Internet - filtering software .
The move is extraordinary in a country where companies are reluctant to take issue publicly with the leadership .
The rule has already drawn criticism from the U.S. government and free - speech advocates in China and abroad .
Submitted ...
The iBend stand is a clever travel companion for your iPhone or iPod Touch , that folds completely flat for easy transportation .
Made of a thin sheet ( 0.01 ″ thick ) of vinyl , each iBend stand is lightweight , flexible and durable and can be stored in your wallet , purse or pocket for handsfree entertainment wherever you go .
The iBend stand is waterproof and comes in packs of two ( one black , one white ) for $ 4.99 , shipped internationally from the iBend store .
Sources :
i Bend via Lintcoat
Free will , or at least the place where we decide to act , is sited in a part of the brain called the parietal cortex , new research suggests .
When a neurosurgeon electrically jolted this region in patients undergoing surgery , they felt a desire to , say , wiggle their finger , roll their tongue or move a limb .
Stronger electrical pulses convinced patients they had actually performed these movements , although their bodies remained motionless .
“ What it tells us is there are specific brain regions that are involved in the consciousness of your movement , ” says Angela Sirigu ( pdf format ) , a neuroscientist at the CNRS Cognitive Neuroscience Centre in Bron , France , who led the study .
Brain stimulation
Sirigu ’s team , including neurosurgeon Carmine Mottolese , performed the experiments on seven patients undergoing brain surgery to remove tumours .
Advertisement
In all but one case , the cancers were located far from the parietal cortex and other areas that Mottolese stimulated .
One patient ’s tumour sat near the parietal cortex , but did not interfere with the experiments , Sirigu says .
And because the patients were awake during the surgery , they could answer questions .
“ Did you move ? ” a researcher asked a 76 - year - old man after lightly zapping a point on his parietal cortex .
“ No .
I had a desire to roll my tongue in my mouth , ” he responded .
After a stronger pulse to the parietal cortex , a 42 - year - old man exclaimed : “ My hand , my hand moved . ”
Sirigu ’s team saw no signs of movement .
Action loop
Sirigu ’s team also discovered that stimulating another brain area – the premotor cortex – provoked involuntary , unconscious movements in the same patients .
The team ’s work points to two brain areas involved in the decision to move a limb and then execute the action .
Sirigu speculates that the parietal cortex makes predictions about future movements and sends instructions to the premotor cortex , which returns the outcome of the movement to the parietal cortex .
In day - to - day life , we rely on both brain regions to move about , she says .
“ You need both systems , the parietal and premotor cortex to generate intention and check whether this is followed through . ”
‘ Ground breaking ’
Patrick Haggard , a neuroscientist at University College London , says the experiment breaks ground because it pinpoints volition to a specific part of the brain , allowing scientists to experimentally control it .
“ That ’s extremely interesting , because up to now it has been very difficult for neuroscientists to deal with the idea of intentions or wishes or will , ” he says .
However , Haggard says no one should be surprised that the experience of volition can be liked to specific brain areas .
“ I ca n’t think of any way you can have conscious experience other than as a result of neurons in your brain firing . ”
Journal reference : Science ( DOI : 10.1126/science.1169896 )
IT Support You Can Depend On
Frustrated with your current IT Support provider ?
Want a faster and more effective response ?
Every day businesses of all size rely on ITtelligent to keep their technology running smoothly .
When you become a valued client of ITtelligent you gain an IT partner who is on call 24/7/365 .
No matter what your IT issue you can be assured your IT support team is here for you .
In a conspiracy as contorted as the plot of one of their action movies , Tom Cruise and John Travolta have been accused of persuading Rupert Murdoch 's Fox News to sack an influential entertainment journalist who had a history of criticising the Church of Scientology .
Roger Friedman , who was dismissed in April after a decade covering the TV channel 's Hollywood beat , announced yesterday that he intended to sue his former employer for wrongful termination , claiming that they fired him so that Cruise and Travolta would sign on to future Fox movie projects .
The lawsuit , which Friedman bullishly described as a “ slam - dunk , ” promises to shed light on the close ties between powerful Scientologists and film studios that rely on their co-operation to get expensive movies off the ground .
It is due to be filed in Manhattan later this week .
Cruise and Travolta have formally denied any connection to the sacking and Fox insists that the journalist was dismissed for writing a column on his “ 411 ” blog which encouraged readers to download an illegally pirated version of the 20th Century Fox blockbuster X - Men Origins : Wolverine .
In an interview with the New York Daily News , Friedman , who was a regular talking head on Fox News and wrote a blog on its website that was read by more than 50 million people , claimed that the official grounds were an elaborate cover story .
Though he was formally given the heave - ho for “ promoting piracy ” the journalist claims he was actually sacked to help
Fox build stronger links with the Church of Scientology , of whom he had been a longstanding critic .
At the time of Friedman 's dismissal , Fox was involved in protracted ( and subsequently successful ) negotiations to hire Cruise to appear in the forthcoming romantic comedy Wichita , alongside Cameron Diaz .
Friedman , now at The Hollywood Reporter , also claimed that Travolta 's wife , Kelly Preston , had earlier attempted to get him fired last August after they became involved in a heated argument at the funeral of a mutual friend , the late actor and soul singer Isaac Hayes .
After bumping into Preston ( who , like Hayes and her husband , is a fervent Scientologist ) Friedman said he was loudly berated for criticising Scientology in his column .
“ She called me a religious bigot , ” Friedman says .
Later , Friedman alleges , Preston orchestrated a meeting between senior Fox executives Roger Ailes and John Moody and the communications department of the Church of Scientology in an effort to have his longstanding criticisms of the church and its most prominent members reined in .
Though Friedman has yet to produce any factual evidence beyond his own recollection to back up his version of his sacking in April , he does appear to have been hard done by .
The column for which he was sacked was read and approved by at least four of his superiors .
“ It 's outrageous that Rupert Murdoch made a decision to fire Roger after four of Roger 's editors and superiors reviewed his column and found it very good , ” said Friedman 's attorney , Martin Garbus .
“ In falsely claiming Roger engaged in piracy , they attempted to destroy the reputation of a fine journalist .
I 've seen how Scientology intimidates even the most powerful media .
That seems to be what happened here . ”
Asked about the specifics of Friedman 's allegations , Fox News declined to comment , while an attorney for Cruise said it was “ utterly false ” that the actor had sought his dismissal .
Preston 's lawyer , Martin Singer , said that Friedman 's claim was “ absurdand ridiculous ” .
“ He was terminated just days after [ his Wolverine column ] .
It is outrageous to try to blame my client ( ampersand ) # 8230 ; on the basis of something that supposedly took place eight months earlier . ”
Belfast Telegraph
Edwin S. Lyman , a senior scientist with the Union of Concerned Scientists in Washington , has renewed the call for the U.S. to start creatring their own isotope supply instead of relying on Canada .
Photograph by : Wayne Cuddington , Ottawa Citizen
OTTAWA - The Canadian nuclear reactor shutdown that will cause a worldwide shortage of crucial medical isotopes is going to hit Canada 's largest trading partner particularly hard and strengthens the case south of the border for the United States to move away from its dependence on Canada and to develop its own production capacity .
The aging National Research Universal ( NRU ) reactor in Chalk River , Ont. , produces the majority of the world 's supply of the critical isotopes that are used in the diagnosis and treatment of cancer and other serious illnesses .
After the reactor was shut down because of a power outage last week , a leak was found in the 52 - year - old reactor , and Atomic Energy of Canada Limited estimates it will take at least a month to repair the damage , but it could be up to a year and it is possible it will have to be shutdown .
With the U.S. depending on Chalk River for half of the isotopes it uses in 35,000 procedures each day , the supply interruption could have a significant impact on American patients , as well as those in Canada and some 78 other countries .
France , Belgium , South Africa , Canada and the Netherlands make up the global supply and as a result , the U.S. is dependent on imports for virtually all of the isotopes it uses in nuclear medicine .
“ There 's no option for us right now and it 's really a critical problem , ” said Dr. Robert Atcher , president of the Society of Nuclear Medicine .
The Chalk River shutdown adds fuel to the fire , and to the frustration of those in the U.S. who have been calling for a domestic plan so the country does n't have to depend on foreign suppliers .
Atcher said one of the reasons the U.S. is so far behind on a domestic plan is because in 1996 , Canada launched its MAPLE reactor project to replace the deteriorating NRU reactor .
“ All of the activity that was going on in the U.S. stood down , ” said Atcher , because the U.S. was assured that it would have a reliable supply from the new Canadian reactors .
But the project was cancelled in May 2008 following a series of delays , cost overruns and major technical problems .
Atcher said the American nuclear science community 's reaction to pulling the plug on the MAPLE reactors “ is not printable . ”
“ We 're basically held hostage now because we ceased to do any of our activity in terms of developing a domestic capability , ” he said .
The supply shortage caused by a reactor shutdown is one reason for concern , but homeland security is another reason why the U.S. should be able to produce its own isotopes , Atcher said .
If there was ever a security threat that forced the U.S. to close its borders , particularly to shipments of radioactive material , it would be cut off from its international isotope supply .
The last Chalk River closure in 2007 prompted the formation of a task force in the U.S. to explore its options .
Its work is ongoing but even if the U.S. commits to securing a domestic supply of isotopes , it will be years before an American reactor is ready to go .
Atcher said a proposal from the University of Missouri is likely the best option at this point , but it needs at least $ 40 million and five years to get up and running .
With a new president in the White House , new people sitting on the critical government committees and a lengthening list of problems at Chalk River , a made - in - the - U.S. solution to the problem may be closer at hand .
“ We 've certainly gotten the attention of people in Congress and the department of energy about the problem here and so I think we have an audience that is much more interested in hearing what we have to say than what was true say , two years ago , ” said Atcher .
K -I-S-S-I-N-G
Kind of an interesting article over on Scienceline about why humans kiss .
From the article :
" Women , for example , subconsciously prefer the scent of men whose genes for certain immune system proteins are different from their own .
This kind of match could yield offspring with stronger immune systems , and better chances for survival . "
A Failure of Capitalism : The Crisis of ’08 and the Descent into Depression , by Richard Posner ( Harvard University Press , 368 pp. , $ 23.95 )
Coming from a leading free - marketer , Richard Posner ’s new book may look at first glance like a confession of intellectual defeat .
Actually , it is closer to healthy self - criticism .
Capitalism , writes Posner , should be not rejected but repaired .
Posner has joined the still - modest number of scholars who try to understand their mistakes without jettisoning their entire system of beliefs .
Former Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan became a member of this group after publicly admitting some months back that he had overrated the financial markets ’ capacity to self - regulate .
Posner , however , goes much deeper : his book offers a sophisticated explanation of what he sees as an approaching , if unacknowledged , depression — one that will last for some years and deeply threaten our society .
To grasp the depth of Posner ’s arguments , I suggest reading the book twice — and that wo n’t be a hardship , since it is relatively short , fluently written , and devoid of jargon and mathematical formulae .
A first read brings no major surprises : Posner provides a thorough account of how the United States , in preferring speculation to savings , inflated the real - estate bubble , and of how the bubble ’s burst imperiled the entire financial system — leading Posner to call it a depression instead of a recession .
He regards recessions as normal features of a capitalist economy , the occasional responses to external shocks ( oil price hikes , for example ) or internal ones ( as when innovation displaces industries and workers ) .
In a depression , by contrast , the whole economy spirals downward , and investments and innovation stop .
Though Posner is a jurist rather than an economist by training , he sees the big picture better than many economists do .
Yet writing in the aftermath of financial meltdown , he yields to the temptation to build causal arguments ex post facto .
Was it really that evident when Lehman Brothers went bankrupt last fall that a global stock - exchange crash would occur ?
Eventually , like a newborn Keynesian , Posner blames the crisis on an absence of regulation and sees more regulation as the cure , overlooking how heavily regulated the markets already were .
Certainly the existing regulations were n’t adequate , but to this day , no one knows for sure what the right regulatory approach would be .
On a second reading , one begins to realize that Posner ’s book is an explosive manifesto in the ongoing philosophical feud among economists between rational - action theorists and behaviorists .
This may sound arcane and tangential — but it ’s central .
Today , free - market economists and the politicians who more or less follow their lead split into two leading schools of thought .
On one side , the rational - action theorists , led by Chicago economist Gary Becker , think of individuals as behaving rationally , with their own best interests in mind ; each of us acts to maximize his profit , based on the available information .
A stock trader , for example , will deliberately take huge risks if he believes that he can earn a sizable profit .
To act “ greedy ” is rational when the bonus system common to financial firms rewards such greed .
Behaviorists , on the other hand , based on some still - limited psychological experiments and brain scans , conclude that individuals are moved more by passions — Keynes called them animal spirits — than by reason .
( Nobel Prize–winning psychologist Daniel Kahneman is the founding father of this school , and Robert Frank , author of the just - published The Economic Naturalist , is its best public advocate . )
We thus are prone to make financially unsound choices that eventually work against our best interests .
Rational - action theorists are inclined to let individuals choose what ’s best for them in slightly regulated markets where information flows abundantly .
Behaviorists suggest strong government regulations to protect people against their own instincts .
Not surprisingly , Posner sides with the rational - action theorists ( he and Becker author a weekly blog , applying the theory to all manner of things ) .
He shows how unbridled rationality could lead us into a depression , without making any psychological or moralistic judgment about it .
We ’ve already seen how rational - action theorists view stock traders ’ behavior as rational within the context of the bonus incentive .
Bankers , for their part , may have provoked the crisis by excessive fund leveraging and hazardous credit : these were rational choices , from their perspective .
If bankers had n’t joined the bubble , their customers would have fled , attracted by competitors offering higher returns .
Bankers knew that they ran the risk of bankruptcy someday in the future : they were n’t stupid , Posner reminds us .
They understood that the bubble would eventually burst , but the risk of bankruptcy is part of a banker ’s entrepreneurial existence .
It was rational to accept that risk when the returns were high : at the end of the day , or at the end of the year , the banker might lose his company , but if his personal savings were massive enough , he had no rational reason to care .
What about subprime lenders , mortgage buyers , and credit - card consumers ?
When credit was so cheap and real - estate values endlessly climbing , they would have been irrational not to join the fray .
According to Posner , then , each economic actor acted rationally within a dangerous framework .
Who was responsible for the outcome , then ?
Those who designed the rules , he argues , not those who played by them .
Posner proposes two explanations for the regulators ’ failure .
First , he indicts economists as a profession : they neglect to study depressions because they ’re such rare events .
It ’s quite true that most economists , the free - marketers at any rate , acted as if depressions could never occur again — a “ fatal conceit , ” as Hayek might have put it .
Second , Posner argues , free - market economists have been too ideological in their commitment to a deregulation - first approach .
They mistakenly argued that deregulation of the financial markets would have the same beneficial effects as deregulation within the real economy , such as in the airlines or telecommunications industries .
Posner is right about this : financial markets and the real economy do not follow the same logic , as Yale ’s Benoit Mandelbrot and Columbia ’s Rama Cont ( not cited by Posner , unfortunately ) have demonstrated .
The real market , Mandelbrot shows , follows rather predictable rules , while the financial markets obey a law of “ wild randomness ” or the Black Swan Effect , a term coined by Nassem Taleb , a Mandelbrot disciple .
Financial markets therefore require prudent regulation in order to limit , to the extent possible , the most extreme consequences of wild randomness .
If an imaginary trial took place to adjudicate responsibility for the financial crisis , Judge Posner ( he sits on the U.S. Court of Appeals ) would most certainly exonerate the business community , which acted rationally , in his view .
The economists would go free on bail and under probationary warning to modify their theories .
The politicians would be blamed for failing to prepare any contingency plans — and they still do n’t have a clear one , Posner complains .
His own suggestion is that the United States should build the equivalent of a financial CIA to protect the market against major threats .
He cites a historical precedent : when the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor , no institution was in charge of putting together the myriad of scattered data that were available and that might have , once gathered , served as a warning .
Beyond Posner ’s remarkable book , one is tempted to add a general commentary on all that has been published on the current crisis .
Most commentators , motivated by science , ideology , angst , or revenge , try to explain the crisis as if it had to happen .
They selectively find in the recent past the logical causes that inevitably led to the crisis .
This approach recalls what the French historian Fernand Braudel criticized in studies of the eighteenth century that viewed the French Revolution as inevitable .
The revolution , Braudel argued , could very well not have happened at all ; history follows no necessity .
The same applies to economics .
Crises are n’t doomed to happen .
Depressions remain unpredictable by definition ; they obey only wild randomness .
The I - told - you - so pundits fall into a logical trap , confusing failures in capitalism , which happen and will continue to happen , with the notion that they had to happen .
Yet only Karl Marx believed that capitalism was fated to disappear in a final crisis , and he was more a messiah than a scientist .
We should explore the way out of the current crisis with humility and caution .
MIAMI ( Reuters ) - A Yemeni captive died in an apparent suicide at the detention center for foreign terrorism suspects at the Guantanamo Bay U.S. naval base in Cuba , the U.S. military said on Tuesday .
Detainees talk together inside the open-air yard at the Camp 4 detention facility at Guantanamo Bay U.S. Naval Base in Cuba , May 31 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Brennan Linsley / Pool
It was the first death among Guantanamo prisoners since U.S. President Barack Obama took office in January and ordered the camp shut down by January 2010 .
His effort to empty the prison has been beset by frightened U.S. politicians who do not want Guantanamo prisoners moved to maximum - security prisons in their constituencies .
A military statement said 31 - year - old Muhammad Ahmad Abdallah Salih , also known as Al Hanashi , “ died of an apparent suicide ” on Monday night , but did not say specifically how he died .
Human rights groups condemned the death and said it underlined the need to end the system of “ indefinite detention ” at the prison camp that opened in 2002 under the Bush administration to hold terrorism suspects after the September 11 attacks on the United States that killed 3,000 people .
The latest death was the sixth among the camp ’s captives .
Four had committed suicide and one had died of natural causes .
Guantanamo has been a focus of international criticism for denying detainees legal rights .
The Obama administration is considering what to do with the 239 remaining captives held at Guantanamo , who include nearly 100 Yemenis .
Guards found the prisoner unresponsive and not breathing when they checked his cell on Monday night , according to the U.S. military ’s Southern Command , which has responsibility for the Guantanamo base .
“ Medical personnel were immediately summoned by the guard force .
After extensive lifesaving measures had been exhausted , the detainee was pronounced dead by a physician , ” the Southern Command said in a statement .
The Naval Criminal Investigative Service has begun an investigation to determine how he died , the U.S. military said .
HUNGER STRIKES
The dead man had been held without charge at Guantanamo since February 2002 .
He had been on hunger strikes in the past to protest his detention , but was not among the more than two dozen long - term hunger strikers currently being force - fed at the camp , a Guantanamo spokesman said .
His most recent hunger strike ended in mid-May , said the spokesman , Navy Lieutenant Commander Brook DeWalt .
An autopsy was pending and a “ cultural adviser ” was ensuring that his body was being treated respectfully and in accordance with Muslim tradition , the U.S. military said .
“ Upon completion of the autopsy , the remains will be prepared for repatriation to Yemen , ” the statement added .
Human Rights
First condemned the death as “ a stark reminder of the inhumanity of indefinite detention without charges or trial . ”
The American Civil Liberties Union said it illustrated the need to resolve the detainees ’ fate in a regularly constituted court with long - established rules .
“ There is no room for a system of indefinite detention without charge or trial under our Constitution , ” the ACLU said .
“ Those against whom there is no legitimate evidence must not be given a de facto life sentence by being locked up forever . ”
Since the detention camp opened in January 2002 , four prisoners have hanged themselves in their cells -- three on the same day in June 2006 and one in May 2007 .
Another prisoner died of colorectal cancer in December 2007 .
More than 530 Guantanamo prisoners were freed or transferred to other countries under the Bush administration , and two have been released since Obama took office in January .
The Obama administration is still sorting the remainder into four groups -- those to be released or sent to other countries , those to be tried in the regular U.S. courts , those to be tried in revised military tribunals and those to be held indefinitely , because they cannot be prosecuted but are judged to pose a threat .
We ’re looking forward to this next upgrade from BMW , here ’s the official news we just received :
Following its successful introduction into the market , the new BMW 7 Series is further expanding its position in 2010 as the most innovative model series in the luxury segment .
New drivetrain and equipment variants emphasise both the driving pleasure and the outstanding efficiency of BMW ’s top - class luxury saloon .
The BMW 740d to be introduced in autumn , for example , will for the first time feature a new straight - six diesel engine with BMW TwinPower Turbo Technology and maximum output of 225 kW /306 hp .
The second diesel model in the range , the BMW 730d , underlines its status as the world ’s most economical and lowest emission model in the luxury class by a further reduction in both fuel consumption and CO2 emissions as well as optionally available BMW BluePerformance Technology .
Hence , BMW now offers yet another production model already fulfilling the EU6 emission standard today .
These innovations in the BMW 7 Series model range ensure truly thrilling diversity in the prestigious luxury segment .
Including the new top - of - the - range BMW 760i and BMW 760Li with their twelve - cylinder power units , the BMW 7 Series is now available in three gasoline and two diesel variants .
BMW ’s intelligent xDrive all - wheel drive will also be introduced in the BMW 7 Series for the first time in the 2010 model year , yet another new feature entering the market in autumn 2009 being the M Sports Package available on all models in the BMW 7 Series .
World debut : six - cylinder diesel engine with BMW TwinPower Turbo Technology in the BMW 740d .
The new diesel model in the BMW 7 Series is characterised by spontaneous and supreme traction and pulling power combined with outstanding efficiency .
The BMW 740d features a newly developed six - cylinder power unit , an all - aluminium engine boasting BMW TwinPower Turbo Technology and common - rail direct fuel injection with piezo - injectors operating at an injection pressure of up to 2,000 bar .
The charge system follows the Variable Twin Turbo principle and is made up of two turbochargers of various size perfectly matched to one another and therefore operating either individually or together as a team , depending on the driver ’s power and performance requirements .
High - pressure fuel injection ensures particularly precise dosage of fuel optimising both the car ’s efficiency and the emissions coming from the engine .
The new power unit delivers maximum output of 225 kW/306 hp and peak torque of 600 Newton - metres / 442 lb - ft maintained consistently between 1,500 and 2,500 rpm .
This gives the BMW 740d a level of performance so far only provided by far larger power units , now combined with the superior economy typical of a BMW straight - six diesel .
The BMW 740d accelerates from a standstill to 100 km/h in 6.3 seconds and is limited electronically in its top speed to 250 km/h or 155 mph .
Average fuel consumption of 6.9 litres / 100 kilometres in the EU test cycle ( equal to 40.9 mpg imp ) and a CO2 emission rating of 181 grams per kilometre , finally , mark new records for efficiency in this performance class .
BMW BluePerformance making ongoing : BMW 730d fulfils the EU6 emission standard .
The cutting - edge diesel engines in the current range allow BMW to introduce further models already fulfilling the future EU6 emission standard today .
BMW is therefore consistently increasing its leadership in the introduction of exhaust emission management technology able to fulfil this strictest European standard planned for the future .
Following the BMW 330d already introduced in autumn 2008 , the BMW 730d may also be equipped as an option with BMW BluePerformance Technology .
On the BMW 730d with BMW BluePerformance the diesel particulates filter and the oxidation catalyst likewise featured as standard are supplemented by an NOx storage catalyst .
As a result , exhaust management in this new 180 kW/245 hp six - cylinder diesel already reduces nitric oxides to the standard not coming into force until the introduction of EU6 in the year 2014 .
The introduction of BMW BluePerformance Technology has no influence on the fuel consumption and CO2 emissions of the BMW 730d , which are in - deed being further reduced once again in the 2010 model year .
Modifications on the engine and the drivetrain reduce the average fuel consumption of the BMW 730d determined in the EU test cycle to 6.8 litres / 100 kilometres ( equal to 41.5 mpg imp ) , with the CO2 emission rating moving down to 178 grams per kilometre .
As a result the BMW 730d is further expanding its leading position as the most efficient saloon in the luxury segment .
Like all other model variants , the BMW 730d owes its outstanding efficiency to superior engine technology as well as the powerful impact of BMW EfficientDynamics naturally featured as standard .
Just how fuel - efficient a vehicle may be in the use of energy the driver of a BMW 7 Series will see in future not only on the fuel gauge , since the instrument cluster will be supplemented as of the 2010 model year by a recuperation indicator .
A graphic display next to the current fuel consumption indicator in the lower half of the rev counter presents the generation of electric power in overrun and while applying the brakes , the blue arrow being activated as soon as Brake Energy Regeneration feeds energy into the on - board network without any fuel being consumed in the process .
BMW 750i xDrive and BMW 750Li xDrive : double debut for xDrive in the BMW 7 Series .
BMW already offers an intelligent all - wheel drive system in the BMW X models as well as the BMW 5 Series and the BMW 3 Series , promoting both driving dynamics as well as driving stability and traction .
With its special features , BMW xDrive has indeed already made BMW the world ’s most successful manufacturer of all - wheel - drive cars in the premium segment .
And now the range of cars with BMW xDrive is being enlarged once again .
Starting in the 2010 model year , BMW xDrive will be available for the first time also in the BMW 7 Series .
In the BMW 750i xDrive and the BMW 750Li xDrive this permanent , electronically controlled all - wheel drive ensures appropriate distribution of the power of 300 kW/407 hp generated by the V8 with its BMW TwinPower Turbo Technology , thus catering for all demands in every situation .
Through a power divider with an electronically controlled multiple - plate clutch , xDrive feeds exactly the right amount of power in every situation to the axle which , through its wheels , has the best grip on the road .
Precise and quick control of this power distribution gives BMW ’s all - wheel - drive luxury saloons truly supreme and outstandingly safe driving behaviour under all conditions .
Through its dynamic operation , xDrive also helps to give the new luxury performance models with this technology the neutral behaviour in bends and supreme tracking stability so typical of an all - wheel - drive BMW .
In bends more drive power is fed to the rear axle in order to make the car even more nimble and avoid any understeer .
In the process the operation of xDrive is based on the steering angle pre-determined by the driver .
While , when driving smoothly in a straight line , the front - to - rear power split is 40:60 , up to 80 per cent of the drive power goes to the rear axle in a bend , ensuring spontaneous steering behaviour precisely following the actual radius and course of the bend .
Then , when leaving the bend , the distribution of drive power returns to normal in the interest of maximum traction when accelerating again in a straight line .
M Sports Package featured for the first time in the BMW 7 Series .
The BMW 7 Series is characterised not only by its powerful design , supreme comfort and innovative features , but also by dynamic engines and superior suspension technology as well as fascinating , sporting performance .
Indeed , no other sedan in the luxury segment offers such a dynamic driving experience of this calibre and quality .
Now this particular forte of the BMW 7 Series may be further accentuated for the first time by a BMW Sports Package setting further highlights both out - side and within the car for even greater Sheer Driving Pleasure and a truly unique look .
The M Sports Package comprises an Aerodynamics Package as well as additional chrome trim on the specially designed front and rear aprons , illuminated M entry trim and BMW Individual High - Gloss Shadow Line .
In combination with the M Sports Package , the customer also has the choice of exclusive paintwork in Carbon Black Metallic , apart from six other body colours all available as an alternative .
The dynamic look of the car is rounded off by 19 - inch M light - alloy wheels in double - spoke design featuring different - sized tyres front and rear .
As an option there are also 20 - inch M light - alloy wheels in double - spoke design , again with different tyre sizes front and rear .
And last but not least , electronically controlled BMW Dynamic Drive also comes in the M Sports Package for the BMW 7 Series .
Sports seats with leather upholstery , the M leather steering wheel with multi-function buttons and the M footrest underline the active character of this luxury performance saloon also within the passenger compartment .
BMW Individual roof lining in anthracite and interior trim in fine - grain aluminium round off the interior ambience with its focus on sporting performance .
The BMW 760i and the BMW 760Li , finally , come with BMW Individual roof lining in alcantara anthracite as well as high - quality wood trim .
The BMW M Sports Package is available for all models in the BMW 7 Series with both normal and extended wheelbase .
1. Design a “ Show . ”
It could be any kind of show– an airshow , a car show , a boat show , a gun show , or even some kind of cultural expo ( like the Scottish Games ) .
Detail the event , fill it with the homages and references that people steeped in that kind of environment would know or recognize .
Make it real .
Now– make it the setting of a story .
2 . Within the context of a story , expound upon the beauty and artifice of the human body .
You can look at it with the eye of an architect , as Leonardo da Vinci or Doctor Gray did , you can praise it as the miraculous product of evolution , god ’s mastery of creation or anything else , or you can appreciate it for its exterior beauty , its lines and curves , as any painter or photographer might .
3 .
Look for a mystery in your life and write a pseudo - myth to explain it .
The mystery itself could be anything from the sudden closure of a stable business to the disappearance of a person , place or thing , or even a the reason for a haunting in any given place .
Create a storyline that explains why whatever happened , happened !
4 .
Engineer a quick , effective and drastic means to solve some massive socio- economic or political problem in your town , state , country , world , etc .
Somewhere in that plan , there is a story .
Consider who gets hurt , who wins , who falls through the cracks , how the plan is implemented , what its repercussions are , and where things could suddenly go terribly wrong .
Now , create your character and tell his or her story .
5 . Write a story where someone ’s need to master , control and own some force , element , person , object , etc. ultimately becomes an obsession that leads to his or her downfall .
Instill the story with the drive and desire of this person , the power inherent in the very lengths they will go to in order to have that which they know in their heart they will one day possess .
6 .
Write a story where some fiction in a character ’s life begins to blur with his or her reality .
The fiction could be anything , could stem from any source , and could find any way you find most intriguing to insinuate itself into the character ’s existence in such a way that it is able to compete with reality so easily and completely .
Which wins out in the end ?
or– for that matter , which one is the real fiction ?
which is really reality ?
Are they both real ?
Are they both fiction ?
Is there a third , unseen world that is the true reality , or is something else going on altogether ?
7 .
Create a story about a board game of your own invention in the style of Jumanji or Zathura .
What kind of game is it ?
( Fantasy , horror , something else altogether ... )
How is it played ?
How does it change the world around it , and what are the stakes ?
8 .
Craft a piece of poetry that really stirs and moves the heart in a profound and powerful way .
The only guideline :
Do it in the fewest words that you can .
9 .
Pick something that sits as ( or claims to sit as ) the paramount or pinnacle of some idea , virtue or anything else intangible ( i.e. good , evil , skill , education , prowess , strength , dedication , etc. ) and cast it into an opposing light that highlights all the flaws , problems , issues etc. that in reality detract from the sense of perfection this entity boasts .
Now , use those highlighted items and this newly cast entity to drive forward a story , article , or piece of poetry .
10 .
Set a timer , alarm clock , or similar timing device for some random and arbitrary period of time .
Now , go do something else .
Forget about the timer .
When it goes off , consider in depth how you feel ( Besides irritated at the timer for going off in the middle of whatever you were doing . )
What happened in between to change your mood ?
Use this series of events as the main framework for your story .
Arte Italiana è uno spazio aperto a tutti i galleristi e artisti d'Italia che desiderano pubblicizzare gratuitamente le mostre da loro organizzate .
Il blog è altresì un luogo in cui è possibile parlare d'arte in generale .
By Ben Cohen
If I lived in a poor neighborhood with high crime , I could make a lot of money selling guns .
If I were a particularly astute business man , I 'd probably invest in a funeral home as well .
Think about it - you supply people with the means of killing themselves ( for profit ) , then make more money off them when they die !
This is n't illegal either , so technically I would n't be doing anything wrong .
I would n't be the most popular person in the area , but I 'd be rich .
Same goes for those in the health care insurance business .
If they were really smart , they 'd get into something that would guarantee customers .
Like the Tobacco industry .
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
And of course , it turns out they are .
Via the Scientific American :
Instead of a “ healthy ” debate , the arguments against health care reform are becoming more and more bizarre .
I ’ve already talked about the fact that even though most people are in favor of single - payer health insurance , our representatives are so owned by the insurance companies ( who are paying off politicians with the money they have been ripping off from us ) that they are not allowed to even mention single - payer as a possibility .
But it gets even weirder from there .
Now the insurance industry is trying to kill the idea of even giving you a choice of a public option .
Who could be against the idea of giving you a choice of either keeping your existing health insurance , or having the option of a government - run insurance plan ( especially to people who have been turned down for insurance ) ?
We are talking about something like Medicare , but which would be available to all those people that private insurance companies refuse to cover .
If we ca n’t have the single - payer system we want , could this be a reasonable compromise ?
But like a jealous lover , the insurance industry does n’t want you to be able to get health insurance from anyone , even if they turn you down !
Take the recent argument from Senator Chuck Grassley ( R - Iowa ) .
Grassley argues that a public insurance option would be so popular — that people would prefer it so much over private insurance — that it can not be permitted .
The private insurance industry is so important ( at least to his campaign contributions ) that he would prefer that people die rather than give them the choice of a public plan !
Next is the attack ad being run by the double - speak group Conservatives for Patients ’ Rights ( CPR ) , who bizarrely warn you that giving you a choice of a public plan would actually deny you the “ choice ” of being ripped off by private insurance companies .
Seriously !
I guess this should not be a surprise , since the leader of CPR is a former health insurance CEO who was forced out of his job after his company committed the largest health over - billing fraud case in history , not to mention that the PR firm that created the ad is the same company that came up with the “ Swift boat ” attack ads against Kerry in 2004 .
So if the health insurance companies can’t come up with any actual , valid arguments against a public option , what can they do ?
How about a Republican website that says :
Obama and Hitler have a great deal in common … Say NO to the Obamination of Obama Care !
Yup , if calling a public option socialism does n’t work , they escalate to calling it fascism !
Are you afraid yet ?
Of course , Obama has no problem debunking the myth that the secret evil socialist purpose of a public option is to put private insurance companies out of business .
Another tactic is to simply deny that there is any public support for a public option .
Recently , Senator John Cornyn ( R - Texas ) did just that , claiming that all those polls that show overwhelming support for a public option must be wrong , using a statistical argument that was immediately debunked .
But the lies do n’t stop there .
Opponents of a public option still claim that a public plan would be subsidized by your tax dollars , which they say would give it an unfair advantage over private insurance .
But this is simply false .
The only subsidies that are being proposed would go to individuals and families , who could then use them on their choice of insurance ( either private or public ) .
In an excellent article , Robert Reich goes through the arguments being thrown out against a public option and debunks them .
So what can be done about this ?
Plenty !
First , pass around this article about a former insurance industry insider who testified to Congress about all the ways that private insurance companies rip people off .
Second , give support to groups that expose representatives who lie about health insurance reform .
Finally , and most importantly , contact your own representatives .
The only way to counteract all the pressure that is being put on them from the powerful insurance industry is for them to hear from us , the people who are suffering from substandard health care .
Tell them you ’re angry and you ’re not going to take it any more !
© Stuart Carlson
UPDATE :
The right continues to lie about health care reform , and the media is letting them get away with it .
UPDATE 2 : A study published in the New England Journal of Medicine indicates that our current health system is n’t working even for people who have adequate insurance .
By Dan Whitworth
Newsbeat technology reporter
The European deal is n't legally binding at the moment
Life could soon be easier for millions of mobile phone users across Europe .
A deal 's been done between industry bosses and the European Commission in Brussels to work towards a ' one size fits all ' charger .
It would mean an end to users having to hunt around for the right type of charger for their handset and should help cut waste .
Perfectly good chargers can often be thrown away if someone gets a new type of phone handset .
The deal is n't legally binding though and , at this stage , is only voluntary .
But it means a universal charger , which will use a micro-USB connection , should be available by next year .
Under the accord , the companies , including Nokia , Sony Ericsson , Apple , Motorola , Research in Motion and Samsung , are committed to developing the charger .
It will work for data - enabled mobile phones that support USB data exchange .
The 10 companies involved represent 90 % of the European mobile market so the vast majority of the estimated 350 - 400 million users across the EU would be covered by any changes .
Currently there are more than 30 different types of chargers for handsets throughout Europe .
EU Industry Commissioner Guenter Verheugen says he also wants to see the common charger expand in the years ahead to cover other phones , existing phones , cameras and laptops .
“ The Greens ” have kept us from developing new nuclear power since the Three Mile Island disaster , said venture capitalist Bob Metcalfe in The Wall Street Journal , but they ca n’t stop America ’s “ new nuclear revolution . ”
Nor should they want to .
A new generation of small , “ far safer ” nuclear fission reactors could provide us with plenty of “ cheap and clean energy , ” if the government would only lower the “ astronomical ” costs and regulatory risks of building new reactors .
Energy companies are “ open ” to safe , cheap new nuclear technologies , said Sara Patton in The Seattle Times , but “ the nuclear industry simply is n’t there yet . ”
Increasing efficiency and focusing on renewable energy are safer and cheaper ways of meeting our growing energy needs than placing “ another high - risk bet on nuclear power ” — and they avoid the problem of nuclear waste .
Ah , but some new reactors , such as GE ’s PRISM plants , are actually designed to run on old nuclear waste , said Felix Salmon in Reuters , and they ’d be affordable and “ super - safe , ” shutting down instead of melting down if there ’s a problem .
They can also be retrofitted into coal plants .
What 's missing is “ political will , ” and billions of dollars for testing and approval .
The political will may be there soon , said Steve Williams in the Victoryville , Calif. , Daily Press .
Energy Secretary Stephen Chu “ has made nuclear power an agency priority , ” and the Obama administration just approved $ 18.5 billion in funding to start reviving the U.S. nuclear industry .
Taxpayers , consumers , and even environmentalists should welcome this “ vast about - face ” in energy policy .
OCaml Mindstorm
Users
Labyrinth & Rubik 's cube solver
Julie De Pril , Marc Ducobu , and Dany Maslowski , three students of Mathematical Department of the University of Mons have used the Mindstorm module to develop two robots :
The first one finds the exit of a labyrinth or tells that there is none .
It guides itself following green lines drawn on the floor thanks to a light sensor underneath and detects walls with his ultrasonic " head " .
The second one solves a Rubik 's cube .
It is based on the great ideas of Herbert Kociemba .
The source code for these two projects is available under LGPL .
If you have any question , patch , ... about these projects , please post a message in the tracker or contact one the developers
7 Deadliest Types of Cancer
Cancer is one of the most wide spread diseases on this planet and affects hundreds of millions of people each year .
Cancer alone is responsible for 13 % of all human deaths , which if you do n't have a calculator means that more than 1 in 8 people will eventually die as a result of cancer .
If you are unfamiliar with cancer , it is a classifcation of diseases where cells display uncontrolled growth which wind up invading adjecent tissues and can occasionally spread to other areas in the body .
Cancer can either be the result of excessive carcinogens consumption resulting in mutated cells , or plain old genetic abnormalities .
Cancer from carcinogens can be avoided by reducing your exposure to said carcinogens as well as by consuming plenty of foods containing antioxidants .
Malignant growths on the skin are something to watch out for .
The most common skin cancers are melanoma ( which you can get from being out in the sun 's UV rays for extended periods of time ) , and basal cell cancer .
Tumors are clearly visible on the skin , because it generally forms on the outer layer of skin .
Skin cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer , and the most often treated .
Only a small percentage of people die from this disease .
With approximately 2,300 deaths per year , this deadly cancer is still nothing to joke about .
Brain cancer is one of the most deadly forms of cancer due to its sensitive area .
Brain surgery might not always be effective , and in many cases is not .
Brain cancer is responsible for approximately 13,000 Deaths per year in the United States , including young children .
The symptoms are usually headaches and increased pressure on the head due to the swelling of tumors , other symptoms include naseau , vomiting , dilated pupils and even altered states of consciousness .
Located in the pancreas , this gastrointestinal cancer is diagnosed in 42,470 individual people per year in the United States , and of that number , 35,240 die from it .
Europeans are n't so lucky when it comes to this disease either , with more than 60,000 diagnosed each year .
Symptoms of pancreatic cancer are very tough to diagnose because there are very little symptoms at all .
It is known as the " silent killer " .
The most common sypmtoms are usually overlooked , like abdominal pain , back pain , weight loss , and even jaundice .
While most people think that Lukemia is a childhood disease , it is actually diagnosed 10 times more frequently in grown adults .
Leukemia is a form of cancer that affects both the blood as well as bone marrow .
There are two main forms of Leukema ; Acute Leukemia and Chronic Leukemia .
Acute Leukemia is when there is a rapid increase immature blood cells .
All the extra immature blood cells causes crowding which prevents bone marrow from being able to create healthy blood cells .
Acute Leukemia is the most common form of Leukemia in children .
Chronic Leukemia is when there is a build up of abnormal matgure white blood cells .
Chornic Leukemia takes much longer to progress and is often monitored after discovering the cancer in an attempt to wait for the pefect time to treat the disease .
Chronic Leukemia surfaces much more in older patients although younger patients are not immune to it .
Every year , 250,000 individuals are diagnosed with some form of Leukemia representing roughly 2.5 % of all cancer cases .
Lymphoma is a type of blood cancer that usually starts in the lymphocytes within the immune system .
Lymph nodes are where they typically originate from , emerging as a tumor .
Approximately 74,300 people in the United States were diagnosed with the disease in 2008 .
This type of blood cancer is deadly due to the impact on the immune system , and those with HIV are highly susceptible to contracting lymphoma cancer .
When cell growth in lung tissue is going at an uncontrolled rate , it is almost a garunteed sign that it is cancer spreading .
Spreading through the lungs and even past them , these cancer cells are very tricky to detect at an early stage .
Lung cancer is actually the most common " cancer related death " in men , and secondarily in women .
This should come as no surprise however , many lung cancer diagnoses can be attributed to smoking cigarettes .
Lung cancer is responsible for 1.3 million deaths worldwide , every year .
Symptoms include shortness of breath , coughing ( even coughing up blood ) , and weight loss .
With treatment , your 5 year survival rate is only 14 % .
Maybe now would be a good time to quit smoking ?
Breast cancer starts out in the cells of breasts , both male and female ( but is 100 times more frequent in females ) .
Symptoms of breast cancer often start out as lumps in the breast ( which is why you should often check for lumps the correct way ) , but the lump can quickly move on to changing the shape of the breast , as well as color , and even single nipple discharge .
Oh , and inverted nipples .
Yikes !
Breast cancer claims up to 500,000 lives per year , worldwide .
George Doyle / Getty Images
Electrolyte is a " medical / scientific " term for salts , specifically ions .
The term electrolyte means that this ion is electrically - charged and moves to either a negative ( cathode ) or positive ( anode ) electrode :
ions that move to the cathode ( cations ) are positively charged
ions that move to the anode ( anions ) are negatively charged
For example , your body fluids -- blood , plasma , interstitial fluid ( fluid between cells ) -- are like seawater and have a high concentration of sodium chloride ( table salt , or NaCl ) .
The electrolytes in sodium chloride are :
Advertisement
Advertisement
sodium ion ( Na + ) - cation
chloride ion ( Cl - ) - anion
As for your body , the major electrolytes are as follows :
sodium ( Na + )
potassium ( K + )
chloride ( Cl - )
calcium ( Ca 2 + )
magnesium ( Mg 2 + )
bicarbonate ( HCO 3 - )
phosphate ( PO 4 2 - )
sulfate ( SO 4 2 -)
Electrolytes are important because they are what your cells ( especially nerve , heart , muscle ) use to maintain voltages across their cell membranes and to carry electrical impulses ( nerve impulses , muscle contractions ) across themselves and to other cells .
Your kidneys work to keep the electrolyte concentrations in your blood constant despite changes in your body .
For example , when you exercise heavily , you lose electrolytes in your sweat , particularly sodium and potassium .
These electrolytes must be replaced to keep the electrolyte concentrations of your body fluids constant .
So , many sports drinks have sodium chloride or potassium chloride added to them .
They also have sugar and flavorings to provide your body with extra energy and to make the drink taste better .
­ Another example where electrolyte drinks are important is when infants / children have chronic vomiting or diarrhea , perhaps due to intestinal flu viruses .
When children vomit or have diarrhea , they lose electrolytes .
Again , these electrolytes and the fluids must be replaced to prevent dehydration and seizures .
Therefore , drinks such as Pedialyte have sodium and potassium in them like the sports drinks do .
However , pediatricians do not recommend giving sports drinks to a sick child !
Sports drinks have much higher sugar concentrations than Pedialyte and the high sugar is not a proper treatment .
Windows / Mac / Linux :
If you 're a gamer or heavy graphics user of virtual machines , VirtualBox 3.0 has an early beta out that introduces OpenGL 2.0 and Direct3D support .
If you have no clue what that means , the release has other goodies , too .
Advertisement
The graphics support for Windows , Linux , and Solaris guest machines are the marquee features in the upcoming 3.0 release , but a lot of other fixes and tweaks are looking to make the cut , too , including a streamlined settings window , better synchronization of shared folders between Linux and Windows host / guest setups , and continued optimizing of virtual processors .
The OpenGL and Direct3D additions will , of course , depend heavily on your hardware , and how much video memory you allot to your virtual machines , but it should clear up quite a few compatibility problems .
Hit the link below to read up on VirtualBox 3.0 beta 1 and grab a free binary for Windows , Mac , or Linux systems , and tell us what features VirtualBox needs to add to win over your heart in the comments .
Want to get started with the ' Box , but find it all a bit too much ?
Try our beginner 's guide to creating virtual machines with VirtualBox .
Advertisement
VirtualBox 3.0 Beta 1 Released [ VirtualBox Forums via Kabatology ]
It is very rare that among the annals of Ufology there should appear a UFO case which involved military , yet is accompanied by actual photographic proof .
Such is the case of an event which took place over the Los Angeles area on February 25 , 1942 .
A giant UFO would actually hover over the city , and be witnessed by hundreds of observers .
Pearl Harbor Scare
As America was gathering its senses after the shocking attack on Pearl Harbor in December 1941 , there was a heightened feeling of insecurity and anxiousness .
The skies were being watched as never before as a giant UFO moved through California , alerting the military and civilian watchers as well .
This case is known as the " Battle of Los Angeles , " and is one of the most important cases in Ufology .
Surreal Sight
It would be early morning on February 2 , 1942 , when the incoming craft sirens were first heard in the Los Angeles area .
Many Americans were expecting another wave of Japanese fighter planes and thought this is what they would see as they left their homes , and ventured outside .
How wrong they were !
The first sightings of a large UFO would be made in Culver City and Santa Monica .
A Total Blackout
Air Raid Wardens were ready to go at the first hint of an invasion .
But , this invasion would be something other than Japanese planes .
The giant hovering object was soon lit up by the gigantic spotlights of the Army 's 37th Coast Artillery Brigade .
Everyone who looked up was shocked by the sight of the giant UFO sitting above their city .
Military aircraft were sent to confront the object .
UFO Takes Direct Hits
Because of a well - organized alert system , the whole California southern section was searching the night skies in a matter of minutes .
What they saw were beaming searchlights illuminating the night sky , all of them converging on one thing -a UFO .
A similar scene would be repeated later during The Norwood Searchlight Incident albeit , on a smaller scale .
The beams of light would soon be accompanied by tracer fire from anti-aircraft artillery , all of the rounds aiming at the invading craft .
The giant UFO would take direct hit after hit , yet without damage .
Hanging Magic Lantern
The 37th Brigade was relentless in its attempt to bring down the large object but found no success .
The barrage of spent shells would fall over the entire area - no place was safe this night .
Many were injured , and there were even reports of death from the falling shells .
According to newspaper reports , eyewitnesses described the sight of the UFO - like a " surreal , hanging , magic lantern . "
Classic Photograph Taken
As the large UFO moved into more lighted areas , view of the object became better .
It moved directly over the MGM studios in Culver City .
Fortunately , an extremely good quality photograph was taken off the object - beams attached , tracer fire visible .
This photograph has become a classic UFO photograph .
The UFO would soon move over Long Beach before disappearing altogether .
Woman Air Raid Warden Gives Testimony
Woman Air Raid Warden Gives Testimony : " It was huge !
It was just enormous !
And it was practically right over my house .
I had never seen anything like it in my life ! " she said .
" It was just hovering there in the sky and hardly moving at all .
It was a lovely pale orange and about the most beautiful thing you 've ever seen .
I could see it perfectly because it was very close .
It was big ! "
More Eyewitness Testimony
" They sent fighter planes up and I watched them in groups approach it and then turn away .
There were shooting at it but it did n't seem to matter . "
" It was like the Fourth of July but much louder .
They were firing like crazy but they could n't touch it . "
" I 'll never forget what a magnificent sight it was .
Just marvelous .
And what a gorgeous color ! " she said
The Guns Fall Silent
The giant invading airship was now gone , and the citizenry of the southern California area began to resume normal activities .
This was an extremely important event - one that will not be forgotten .
Only the news of the war kept this from becoming a major news event .
This case must have been in the mind of President Ronald Reagan when he warned us of an " alien threat , from outside of our world . "
Are we ready ?
Deals can also be found by upgrading .
With demand for fuel - efficient cars particularly high , travelers can sometimes find a better deal by booking larger , roomier vehicles .
A recent Expedia search , for example , found a full - size van for $ 90.42 a day at the Budget Rent a Car in Long Beach , Calif. , compared with $ 97.86 for a standard car .
While the added fuel costs ( not to mention larger carbon footprint ) might erase the savings , the extra space and comfort might prevent World War III between siblings in the back seat .
Also , look beyond national chains like Avis or Hertz , to the hundreds of independent car rental agencies .
Because of lower operating costs and smaller overhead , mom-and - pop agencies , which can be found at sites like CarRentals.com and CarRentalExpress.com , typically offer rates between 15 and 30 percents less than national agencies .
Willing to gamble ?
Consider Web sites like Priceline.com and Hotwire.com , which offer deep discounts to travelers willing to be locked into a preset price before finding out the rental car company .
Another option : virtual coupons .
Sites like FatWallet.com and CouponWinner.com list discount codes for car rentals , or type in the name of a car rental company and “ coupon code ” into Google to see what turns up .
Good deals also show up on airline Web sites under mileage partner offers .
For example , Delta is offering up to 20 percent off with the discount code CDP 165385 , and double miles on Hertz rentals in the United States ( including Puerto Rico ) and Canada .
The code brought the weekly rental of a Toyota Prius from Newark Airport in mid-July down to $ 503.90 from $ 685.05  a 26 percent saving .
If you do n’t have the time to seek out such discounts , Steve Ellis can do it for you .
After his wife pointed out his uncanny knack for finding rental deals , Mr. Ellis , who is a business adviser and frequent traveler , created RentalCarMagic.com to allow customers to pay for his deal - sniffing services .
The site , which charges $ 14.95 to $ 49.95 , sends back a quote in a day or two .
Chris McGinnis , editor of The Ticket , a subscription newsletter for frequent travelers , recently tried RentalCarMagic.com for a trip to Hawaii .
After paying a $ 30 fee , he said , the service saved him $ 54 on a convertible from Alamo Rent a Car .
Though he found the process slightly cumbersome  he still had to go to the rental company ’s Web site to book the deal using the discount code provided by Rental Car Magic  he noted in his newsletter that in the end , “ it saved us more than we were able to save ourselves . ”
Bill Pritchard said he wanted to ' rescue ' gay people into his church A councillor has been disqualified for a year after referring to homosexuality as a " notorious disability " .
Bill Pritchard , who was a town councillor in Barmouth , Gwynedd , wrote to an assembly government minister , referring to two men in a local development .
He described homosexuality as " a demon which can be driven out " .
An adjudication panel of the public service ombudsman for Wales found he breached the council 's code of conduct .
After the hearing in Dolgellau , Mr Pritchard , an evangelical Methodist , said he was not sorry and stood by his views that homosexuality was a disability .
The hearing heard Mr Pritchard wrote to Leighton Andrews AM , deputy minister for regeneration , to voice concerns about a development project in Barmouth .
In the letter , he referred to two men with interests in the development as being in a relationship .
I respect them as someone who is struggling with a disability as I would with someone in a wheelchair
Bill Pritchard
The hearing heard how he referred to homosexuality as " a notorious disability and that the modern culture is to defend these people from any form of discrimination .
Hurray for diversity " .
Hywel James , the tribunal chairman , said : " You also go on in the letter to state ' There may indeed be a cure for this disability as recently I found a book .
It seems to suggest that homosexuality is a demon which can be driven out ' . "
The hearing was told that the complainant - referred to only as Mr Smith - had found the comments " grossly homophobic " .
Giving evidence , Mr Pritchard said he did not like to " condemn " people but preferred to " rescue them into the church " .
' Smoke screen ' Mr Pritchard cried as he quoted from the Bible .
He was asked by the panel whether he accepted homosexual people might be offended by the term disability .
He replied : " It is definitely a disability rather than a sin " .
He went on to add : " I respect them as someone who is struggling with a disability as I would with someone in a wheelchair . "
Mr Pritchard told the panel the objections to his comments were " a smoke screen " to divert attention away from the controversial development .
Tribunal chairman Mr James told Mr Pritchard the panel had to consider whether referring to homosexuality as a disability was a breach of the council 's code of conduct .
Mr Pritchard replied : " Well , I think it is .
I would love to rescue them from it .
Not just them , the whole lot . "
' Serious breaches '
Mr Pritchard was judged to have breached the code of conduct on two counts - one that he brought the council into disrepute and the second that as a councillor he must show respect and consideration for others .
The panel found that there had been " serious breaches . "
Mr James said : " A councillor cannot pick and choose which parts of the code of conduct they comply with . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
James
May commemorates the 40th anniversary of the Apollo moon landings by meeting three of the men who walked on the moon , and flying to the edge of space in a U2 spy plane .
James May commemorates the 40th anniversary of the Apollo moon landings .
He meets three of the men who walked on the moon , before experiencing the thrill of weightlessness , and the bone - crushing G forces of a Saturn V rocket launch .
Finally , he puts on a space suit and flies to the edge of space in a U2 spy plane , where he looks down at the curvature of the earth and upwards into the black infinity of space .
Open source technology : Software companies do it .
Why not carmakers ?
Photo via Riversimple .
What if you could revolutionize the way cars are designed and built by opening the process up to input from the entire community ?
That ’s exactly what Riversimple is trying to do .
The UK - based car company will license its energy - efficient automobile designs ( available under Creative Commons non-commercial license ) to the 40 Fires Foundation , a not - for - profit organization that will invite engineers , designers , lawyers and other car business experts to comment on high - level design matters , for example , the use of hub motors .
On its wiki , where most of the discussion will happen , 40 Fires writes , “ all we really care about is that the license works to ensure that the cars can be built in hundreds of different variations around the world , by local companies and entrepreneurs as well as big multinationals if they like , and that no one company ( whether Ford or Riversimple ) can dominate the market and keep the ideas to itself . ”
WHAT KIND OF VEHICLE ?
The first project up for public comment and revision is the prototype for the Riversimple Urban Car , a two - seater car constructed of composite materials and powered by a six - kilowatt hydrogen fuel cell that is designed to achieve the energy equivalent of 300 miles per gallon , with top speeds of 50 miles per hour within a 240 - mile range .
Instead of buying the car , customers will lease it for £ 200 a month , including maintenance and fuel ( kind of like signing on to a new mobile phone plan , a concept that electric car company Better Place has already pioneered . )
HOW WILL THIS WORK ?
The car was originally designed by by Oxford and Cranfield University professors and students , but now Riversimple is planning to leave the project open source , making the design available online , under a new project titled “ The Hyrban . ”
Next Steps :
The designs will be made available on this site over the course of the next few months .
These will be in various formats ( including .step and .iges ) allowing them to be viewed and manipulated by virtually any CAD application .
We intend to start off discussion groups in key areas of the design , leading to development of a prototype vehicle in 2010 .
Riversimple has said it will build 10 prototypes based on these designs for testing purposes .
The eventual goal is a full production vehicle .
WHY OPEN SOURCE ?
From BBC
News :
The idea , [ Riversimple says ] , is to allow local manufacturing in small plants .
This stands in contrast to the “ economies of scale ” that drive current plants to huge sizes and workforces .
In addition , designs can be adjusted for local markets , using locally sourced parts or materials .
The agreement will be such that if the designs are improved by a local manufacturer , those improvements will be sent back , so that what the company refers to as its “ network of manufacturers ” can contribute to the overall development of the product line .
In Riversimple ’s own language , the open - source process is beneficial for the following reasons :
speed up development times
produce more robust , reliable products
drive the adoption of common standards
drive down component costs
The Riversimple Urban Car was unveiled to the public for the first time in London on June 16 , 2009 .
Watch a clip of the launch here :
Mr Cornish , who is based in nearby Lewes and whose work has been bought by The Prince of Wales in the past , said : " The sculpture is simple and direct and I hope it sums up the feeling that Christ is always with us and that we are not to be afraid .
A prison in the United Kingdom has banned prisoners from using PlayStation 3 ’s during their incarceration due to security reasons .
Apparently , the PS3 ’s wireless connectivity and methods of communication ( i.e. text messaging , voice chat , and video chat ) could allow a prisoner to plan an escape .
According to to a spokesperson for the European prision :
“ PlayStation 3 consoles are barred on the grounds that they have the capability to send and receive radio signals as an integral part of the equipment , ”
A report on the Guardian .co.uk revealed that prisoners at Rye Hill in Britain had already used the PS3 ’s messaging to communicate with somebody outside of the prison , which resulted in this ban .
Sure , the prison could simply put a password on their wireless internet .
But hey , what do we know .
[ Source ]
Clarified butter infused with Herbes de Provences , personal smokehouses , and some spare lemongrass always in the fridge just in case .
This is the era we live in .
Everyone is a gourmand and once - mystifying cooking procedures like wine reduction and roux thickeners have become so mainstream that people are deciding they ’re too good for The Food Network .
Of course , the 24 - hour cooking channel is one of the main reasons for the current home chef craze that ’s sweeping the nation .
People can watch the glitz and glamour of Jamie Oliver whip up a coq au vin and then head over to their neighborhood Whole Foods to buy the ingredients , maybe even splurge on a disc of Pélardon from Cévennes that would provide an excellent grace note at the end of the meal .
The irony is that even though Americans , especially of my generation , are increasingly more interested in cooking , it has not stopped us from eating out on a regular basis .
As Marcella Hazan notes in a recent op - ed piece in The New York Times , “ The food Americans eat that is made fresh at home by someone who is close them is shrinking compared with food consumed at restaurants or prepared outside …
' Chef ' has pretty much replaced gourmet cook for anyone who cooks well . ”
It ’s a bizarre contradiction .
Cooking ’s celebrity appeal has made us more proficient in foodie talk but has nevertheless distanced us from its function of connecting families and friends in an everyday routine .
So if you too are concerned by the all - or - nothing glorification of the standard meal , here are a few digital resources to keep you grounded in the human aspect of cooking :
The Minimalist ( The New York Times , Mark Bittman )
Maybe it ’s some kind of Jewish paternal attraction , but watching Mark Bittman ’s miniature - length cooking videos on The New York Times ’ media page is strangely therapeutic .
From his inadvertently loud voice to the delicate Klesmer - like strings that cap each segment , there ’s just something oddly nostalgic about the whole affair .
It hits all the right Jewish cultural buttons without leaving me feeling too um … Jewish .
Bittman uses the term “ minimalist ” as a moniker and his recipes follow suit .
Most consist of only a couple ingredients and he rarely pays too much attention to measurements .
Occasionally his recipes are so scaled down that minimalist seems like a placeholder for laziness .
I ’m sure that Kasha Varnishkes is a real dish , but I nevertheless have a hard time believing that this specialty of grain , pasta and onions was n’t just made up on the spot .
In another episode , Bittman creates a vegetable soup with nothing more than salted water as the liquid base .
It ’s hardly a razzle - dazzle type recipe , but it goes to show that fresh ingredients can make anything tasty and satisfying .
It ’s the casual demeanor that makes “ The Minimalist ” surprisingly engaging .
When Bittman presents a meal , he does so with an indifference that seems to say “ This is so easy , I do n’t even know why I have to explain it to you . ”
Yet , he makes mistakes , he under - seasons , and even concedes that he would have added another spice but did n’t think of it before .
These missteps make the show incredibly charming and play on its main theme : Instead of transforming everyday food into a gourmet product , he does the exact opposite .
Hell , you do n’t even need a real kitchen .
Just look at his home set up .
Sandwich Duel ( The New Yorker Cartoon Lounge Blog )
Unlike the The Minimalist , Sandwich Duel indulges in the kind of snobbery usually associated with gourmet cooking .
It ’s exaggerated , irreverent , and probably the funniest food - related thing online .
The origin of the Sandwich Duel is almost more hilarious than the “ duel ” itself .
Last year , New Yorker writer Zachary Kanin interviewed cartoonist Chris Onstad , the creator of the tremendously funny online comic strip Achewood , shortly after it was named Time magazine ’s graphic novel of the year .
In the interview , he asked if Onstad would write some blog posts for him , seeing how balancing his writing with the rigors of operating a fictional sandwich shop in his apartment was leaving him rather swamped .
Onstad liked the idea and eventually the two began alternating anecdotes of their competing sandwich shops ( Onstad ’s Up Zachs and Kanin ’s Slammers Sandwich Hospital ) starting a storyline that mirrors one of Achewood ’s most popular threads in which two characters open up competing Subway restaurants .
In these blog posts , the two offer a healthy dose of sarcasm , bogus food lingo , and complete absurdity .
Francis Lam ( Gourmet Magazine )
I have no idea who reads Gourmet magazine or what kind of reputation it carries in food circles these days .
Anyway , that ’s all beside the point .
Francis Lam is one of the magazine ’s best writers and has a pretty solid archive of his work online .
He is the type of writer who would eat at some snooty Manhattan restaurant if he had to , but would rather review some late night dumpling shack in the outskirts of the city .
Lam ’s articles are brief and anecdotal .
Sure he talks about food but the stories often tend to be character - driven .
My favorite article of his takes place in a Vietnamese restaurant named Noodle Pho , doubtlessly tucked away in some cluttered New York borough .
Lam points out some initial peculiarities — a Korean prayer printed on the wall , and ramyun noodles given equal share next to the pho listing .
Having his doubts about the authenticity of the pho , he opts for the cheese ramyun .
At this point , Lam spends as much time talking about his “ squiggly instant noodles and …disturbingly unmelted squares of pasteurized process cheese food product ” as he does the owner of the restaurant .
The article concludes with an impressive emotional turn that illustrates the grim reality of the restaurant business .
So often we read stories about success that we forget most restaurants fail miserably .
Lam does n’t shy away from this reality .
Instead , it ’s his focus on the people involved — the customers , the workers , the cooks — that give his writing such emotional depth .
The amount of food - related content on the web is staggering in quantity and diversity .
Checking out these resources might not inspire you to cook any more than you do now , but at least it presents some perspective to what we normally interpret as food entertainment .
In any case , it beats the hell out of watching Sandra Lee decorate a tablescape .
JERUSALEM , May 22 ( UPI ) -- Palestinian officials said Friday no political plan for peace in the region will be accepted without the right of Palestinians to return to their homelands .
Hatem Abdel Qader , minister of Jerusalem affairs in the Palestinian National Authority , said the right of return , as defined in U.N. Resolution 194 , cannot be removed from the Arab Initiative without jeopardizing potential long - lasting peace in the Middle East .
Advertisement
The Palestine News Network said Abdel Qader also suggested the loss of the right to return home would leave Palestinians unable to protect a possible independent state with their own army .
The so - called right of return is an internationally accepted individual and collective right for refugees in regards to the lands they consider to be their homeland , including the Universal Declaration of Human Rights of 1948 .
Meanwhile , Ghassan Khatib , director general of the Jerusalem Center for Media and Communication , said a successful peace plan for the region must also allow Palestinians to retake lands occupied by Israeli forces for more than four decades .
" Any peace plan must include a full end to the Israeli occupation of Palestinian lands occupied in 1967 and the establishment of an independent Palestinian state with full sovereignty , " Khatib said .
Umpire Don Briggs ejected the entire crowd at a high school baseball game for being too rowdy .
The police were called and it took over 40 minutes to clear the more than 100 angry fans .
West Burlington Superintendent James Sleister said the fans were n't acting any different than usual and he thinks the umpire overreacted .
A rowdy fan commented that he hoped Briggs 's guide dog bit him when he got home .
I 'm going to try using Google Voice to collect audio comments .
Due to heavy volume I wo n't be able to return many calls .
So just leave your feedback .
Thanks !
I cannot accept map corrections through this system .
I 'll be creating a way to submit them soon .
If you want to volunteer to help with corrections , click here .
Click the ' Call Me ' widget above and enter your number .
Google Voice will call you and then connect directly to mapthefallen 's voicemail .
Though you will hear it ring , this does n't actually reach my phone .
If you are outside of the United States or without internet access , you can call directly to :
The Secret of Monkey Island : Special Edition
Ahoy !
Relive th’ classic misadventures of Guybrush Threepwood , ye will , in The Secret of Monkey Island : Special Edition !
This entry was inspired by Jacob Kaplan - Moss , who was inspired by Titus , who was inspired by brian d foy .
The premise is that you can't really claim to know much about a piece of software until you can name a few things you hate about it .
Jacob and Titus talked about Python , and so have a bunch of other people , so I figured I 'd write about something a bit different : Mercurial .
I love Mercurial to death , but there are a few things about it that annoy me .
Here they are , in no particular order .
This is one of the things that git people seem to like to bring up : " It does n't have a command to set your username and email and such ?
Lame . "
I personally do n't mind editing a text file — vim ~/.hgrc really is n't that hard to type and the format is simple enough that you get the hang of it in about ten seconds .
It forces you to know where the config file is , which is nice when the magic " Oh man , I could put my config files under version control ! " moment strikes .
That said , this is on the list because I 'd like to see a command to edit some of the common options just so people will stop complaining about something so trivial .
Here 's part of the help for the hg rm command :
This only removes files from the current branch , not from the entire project history .
- A can be used to remove only files that have already been deleted , -f can be used to force deletion , and - Af can be used to remove files from the next revision without deleting them .
What the hell ?
If - A wo n't remove files that are still present , and -f forces the files to be deleted , why the fuck does combining them mean the exact opposite of both ?
I had to look up the syntax every single time I wanted to use this command , until I added this alias to my ~/.hgrc :
[ alias ] untrack = rm - Af
Now I can use hg untrack whatever .py to stop tracking a file .
It took me a while to realize this , but Mercurial can actually record file renames — not just separate adds and removes — when using hg addremove .
Here 's what happens when you move a file and then use hg addremove normally to have Mercurial track the changes .
sjl at ecgtheow in ~/ Desktop / test on default $ ls total 16 - rw - r--r-- 1 sjl 14B May 29 20:12 a - rw-r--r-- 1 sjl 12B May 29 20:12 b sjl at ecgtheow in ~/ Desktop / test on default $ mv b c sjl at ecgtheow in ~ / Desktop / test on default !
$ hg addremove removing b adding c sjl at ecgtheow in ~/ Desktop / test on default !
$ hg diff diff -- git a /b b/b deleted file mode 100644 --- a/b +++ / dev/null @@ - 1,1 +0,0 @@ - To you too !
diff -- git a /c b/c new file mode 100644 --- / dev/null +++ b/c @@ - 0,0 +1,1 @@ + To you too !
sjl at ecgtheow in ~/ Desktop / test on default !
$ hg commit -m ' Normal addremove . ' sjl at ecgtheow in ~/ Desktop / test on default $
Now watch what happens when we tell Mercurial to detect renames when using hg addremove :
sjl at ecgtheow in ~/ Desktop / test on default $ ls total 16 - rw - r--r-- 1 sjl 14B May 29 20:12 a - rw-r--r-- 1 sjl 12B May 29 20:12 c sjl at ecgtheow in ~/ Desktop / test on default $ mv c b sjl at ecgtheow in ~/ Desktop / test on default !
$ hg addremove -- similarity 100 adding b removing c recording removal of c as rename to b ( 100 % similar ) sjl at ecgtheow in ~/ Desktop / test on default !
$ hg diff diff -- git a / c b/b rename from c rename to b sjl at ecgtheow in ~ / Desktop / test on default !
$ hg commit -m ' This time with rename detection . ' sjl at ecgtheow in ~/ Desktop / test on default $
This time it notices the rename , and records it .
The diff is far , far easier to read , and if a branch is merged in where someone else changed that file , the changes will follow it over .
The -- similarity option is a percentage .
I have an entry in my ~/.hgrc file to default that to 100 , which means that renames will only be automatically detected if the files are identical .
It 's safer , but might not always catch everything .
I wish I had known this earlier or that Mercurial defaulted to 100 % to catch the obvious renames .
And yes , I realize I could use hg rename to rename it and it would get recorded , but usually I 'm moving files by some other method and using hg addremove to clean up later .
Now , while we 're on the topic ...
Assuming they 're recorded , I wish hg status would show that a file has been renamed .
Here 's what we get instead :
sjl at ecgtheow in ~/ Desktop / test on default $ hg rename b c sjl at ecgtheow in ~/ Desktop / test on default !
$ hg stat A c R b sjl at ecgtheow in ~/ Desktop / test on default !
$ hg diff diff -- git a /b b/c rename from b rename to c
No , hg status , it clearly was n't an add and a remove , according to hg diff .
Why does n't hg status have a separate character for " renamed " files so we can tell them apart ?
I hate that half of Mercurial 's commands need a - - git option to be really useful .
Is there any reason not to make this the default format and have a -- useless option for backwards compatibility ?
I always add it to the defaults in my ~/.hgrc but it makes me feel kind of dirty when I do .
It adds a bunch of unnecessary lines to the config file and confuses new people .
Do n't get me wrong , BitBucket is an awesome site , but compared to GitHub it looks a bit dull and unappealing .
It 's definitely more usable ( how the hell do I view a graph of all branches / merges of a given repository on GitHub ? ) but there 's something about GitHub 's design that just makes it pop .
Mercurial 's site is ugly .
Very ugly .
It seems strange to me that the ugly version control system ( git ) has a fairly good - looking site while the much more elegant Mercurial has something that looks so boring and dated .
I know , mercurial - scm.org aims to fix this .
Thank you from the bottom of my heart but please , hurry .
The wiki is hurting my eyes .
All of those things annoy me , but they 're small problems compared to the revulsion I get when I try to use git every so often .
Maybe that would be a good topic for another entry .
At the very least it 'll probably get me a ton of pageviews and comments saying : " Git 's changed , man !
It 's not like it used to be , it 's totally intuitive now !
You just gotta learn how it stores the data ! "
I learned , and I 'll still take Mercurial despite the small annoyances .
SAN PEDRO SULA , Honduras ( Reuters ) - The Organization of American States lifted its 47 - year suspension of Cuba on Wednesday in a move backed by Washington as it tries to soothe Cold War tensions with the communist - run island .
The 34 - member hemispheric body , meeting in Honduras , unanimously scrapped a 1962 decision at the height of the Cold War that barred Cuba as revolutionary leader Fidel Castro took it toward communism and an alliance with the Soviet Union .
While leftists in Latin America hailed the OAS vote as a diplomatic victory for Cuba , Washington said it had succeeded in ensuring that Cuba cannot rejoin the group without moving toward democracy and respect for human rights .
U.S. President Barack Obama has taken steps toward a more open relationship with Cuba , lifting restrictions on travel and cash remittances to Cuba for Cuban - Americans with relatives on the island .
But his administration had said Havana should not be allowed to return to the OAS until it embraces democratic principles and makes progress on human rights .
Cuba ’s allies in Latin America instead called for Cuba to be allowed back in from the cold with no conditions , and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton came under heavy pressure at the OAS meeting here this week .
In a diplomatic compromise , the group ’s member countries agreed that Cuba ’s re-entry would be “ the result of a process of dialogue ” which Cuba has to request and must be in line with OAS principles .
Clinton said Cuba ’s return to the group -- which is little known in the United States and Canada but carries diplomatic weight in Latin America -- would now “ turn on Cuba ’s commitment to the organization ’s values . ”
That was a reference to the OAS ’s commitment to defend democracy and human rights under a 2001 Democratic Charter .
“ I am pleased that everyone came to agree that Cuba cannot simply take its seat and that we must put Cuba ’s participation to a determination down the road - if it ever chooses to seek reentry , ” she said .
NO WORD FROM CUBA
In Havana , there was no immediate government reaction to the island ’s acceptance back into the fold of the OAS .
“ It ’s good news because it means things continue to loosen up , but the government is n’t going to stand back now and say the OAS is good .
I ’m sure they ’re wo n’t ask for re-entry to the organization , ” said Daniel Rodriguez , a professor in Havana .
Cuba has repeatedly said it has no interest in returning to the OAS .
Before the OAS vote , former Cuban leader Fidel Castro described the body as an “ accomplice ” to crimes against Cuba , including a U.S. economic embargo .
But Cuba ’s leftist allies in the region had pushed for the suspension to be lifted and treated the vote as a diplomatic victory for Cuba .
“ The Cold War has ended today here in San Pedro Sula .
We have made a wise and honorable decision , ” Honduran President Manuel Zelaya said .
Despite opening up to Cuba , Obama has refused to drop the decades - old embargo on the island , saying its communist leaders need to free political prisoners and improve human rights .
U.S. officials sought to cast the outcome as a victory , arguing they had staved off the possibility of the OAS simply throwing open its arms to Cuba by rescinding the suspension without any insistence on democracy and human rights .
“ The ball is now in Cuba ’s court to abide by the principles of human rights and democracy embodied in the Inter - American Democratic Charter , ” said Representative Eliot Engel , chairs of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere .
Staunch opponents of the Cuban government in the Cuban American community were not happy with the OAS decision .
U.S. Representative Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , the ranking Republican on the House Foreign Affairs Committee , from Miami , called it “ an affront to the Cuban people and to all who struggle for freedom , democracy and fundamental human rights . ”
“ Rather than upholding democratic principles and fundamental freedoms , OAS member states , led by the OAS Secretary General , could not move quickly enough to appease their tyrannical idols in Cuba , ” Ros-Lehtinen said .
The OAS move could allow Cuba to request loans from the Inter - American Development Bank although it was not clear if it would first have to apply for membership or if the lifting of the suspension would be enough .
It 's Big Government time .
So the secessionists are seizing their moment .
Paul Starobin , WSJ : Remember that classic Beatles riff of the 1960s : “ You say you want a revolution ? ” Imagine this instead : a devolution .
Picture an America that is run not , as now , by a top - heavy Washington autocracy but , in freewheeling style , by an assemblage of largely autonomous regional republics reflecting the eclectic economic and cultural character of the society .
There might be an austere Republic of New England , with a natural strength in higher education and technology ; a Caribbean - flavored city - state Republic of Greater Miami , with an anchor in the Latin American economy ; and maybe even a Republic of Las Vegas with unfettered license to pursue its ambitions as a global gambling , entertainment and conventioneer destination .
California ?
America ’s broke , ill - governed and way - too - big nation - like state might be saved , truly saved , not by an emergency federal bailout , but by a merciful carve - up into a trio of republics that would rely on their own ingenuity in making their connections to the wider world .
And while we ’re at it , let ’s make this project bi-national — economic logic suggests a natural multilingual combination between Greater San Diego and Mexico ’s Northern Baja , and , to the Pacific north , between Seattle and Vancouver in a megaregion already dubbed “ Cascadia ” by economic cartographers .
Devolved America is a vision faithful both to certain postindustrial realities as well as to the pluralistic heart of the American political tradition — a tradition that has been betrayed by the creeping centralization of power in Washington over the decades but may yet reassert itself as an animating spirit for the future .
Consider this proposition : America of the 21st century , propelled by currents of modernity that tend to favor the little over the big , may trace a long circle back to the original small - government ideas of the American experiment .
The present - day American Goliath may turn out to be a freak of a waning age of politics and economics as conducted on a super - sized scale — too large to make any rational sense in an emerging age of personal empowerment that harks back to the era of the yeoman farmer of America ’s early days .
The society may find blessed new life , as paradoxical as this may sound , in a return to a smaller form .
Keep reading >
See Also : Desperate California Could Split Into 4 States
Sue Sturgis asked
Do dirty coal plants make us vulnerable to swine flu ? :
" Scientists have discovered that exposure to a common pollutant may make people more likely to experience severe symptoms from swine flu -- and it's a pollutant emitted in large quantities by coal - burning power plants and other industrial facilities .
The culprit is arsenic , a highly poisonous semi-metal which , according to a new study by researchers at the Marine Biological Laboratory and Dartmouth Medical School , compromises a person 's ability to mount an immune response to the H1N1 swine flu virus . "
Josh Nelson wrote that West Virginia Supreme Court Chooses Coal Over Children : " Incredibly , the state supreme court has now upped the ante , handing down a decision that will allow yet another coal silo to be built directly adjacent to Marsh Fork Elementary School .
Everyone involved -- from the folks at Massey Energy , to the W.V. Supreme Court justices - should be ashamed .
The new coal silo will be less than 300 feet , or the length of one football field , away from the elementary school .
The school already has a coal silo 240 feet away and a mountaintop removal site 400 yards away .
Directly uphill from the school 2.8 billion gallons of filthy coal sludge are held in place by a 385 foot tall earthen barrier .
An independent study conducted in 2005 found that seven of seven samples taken at the school were contaminated with coal dust .
Coal dust is known to cause respiratory problems in children .
Exposing the children of Marsh Fork elementary school to additional byproducts of coal is criminal , and should be treated as such . "
CornSyrupAwareness had a lot of photos of My Garden : A June Update With Pictures : " How 's your garden doing ? " >
Jill Richardson urged ACTION : Today Is The Day For Food Safety Reform ! : " Today is the day the House is marking up the Food Safety Enhancement Act , a new bill just introduced this week by John Dingell .
The bill text is n't online yet , but my lawyer and consumer advocate friends have spent the past 2 weeks combing through a draft that was posted on Henry Waxman 's website .
If the bill was introduced without changes from the draft , we know that we need one major addition to it to really make it a good update to our food safety laws :
We need to require mandatory testing for pathogens and reporting of results to the FDA .
If we had that already , there are dead people who would be alive today . "
Stranded Wind took a look at Food Security , Fuel Security , National Security : " I ’ve been thinking a lot over the last eighteen months about food security , starting way down in the basement where sun , water , and soil come together in our volume grain production .
There is a tight connection between our current population overshoot and the fossil energy resources , both fuel and fertilizer , that got us here .
Food production , such as we do now , is more of an energy issue than an environmental one , but pile those two issues together with the economic concerns we face and it ’s a truly poisonous brew . "
Now ask them about energy was Darcy Burner ’s admonition : " It 's such an exciting time to be in DC .
I was in a meeting earlier today with a number of progressives very upset about the state of the energy bill moving through the House .
I 've been getting emails from friends , and my son is rather upset about drowning polar bears .
Speaker Pelosi has accelerated the timeline , and what 's coming out of committee is , ahem , disturbing . "
American Progress lamented what he said was More Misdirection on Nuclear Power : " Richard Karlgaard of the DigitalRules , Forbes.com 's blog , criticized President Obama for supporting Iran 's nuclear power and not ours yesterday .
In his post , he recounts the history of nuclear power in the United States , ultimately criticizing liberals for halting construction of new nuclear power plants after the disaster at Three Mile Island .
He points to the strong safety record of nuclear power plants following the events , but his argument is the same slight of hand that we have seen from proponents of nuclear power in the past . "
DWG said that Burger King franchises are trying to sell climate change denial : " Why Exxon and other greenhouse gas polluters want to engage in climate change disinformation campaigns is obvious .
Their profit margins are at risk by curbing carbon and methane emissions from regulation , conservation , and development of clean alternative fuel sources .
However , it is less clear why a corporation that sells fast food would enter the global warming debate other than hoping for a little publicity . "
greenomanic , a bike commuter living in Alaska , asked who is n't bike commuting , and why not ? :
" If you 're lucky enough to still have work , why are you still driving there and back every day ?
I 've been bike commuting since Feb. 2007 -- year round , in Anchorage , Alaska .
Not every single day but probably at least 80 % of the time .
It is by far the best life improvement I ever made .
It is a breeze , it is always interesting , invigorating and it allows an intimate connection to sights and sounds of which I used to be oblivious .
The ancillary benefits to health , energy , cutting unnecessary expenses and peace of mind are too numerous to list . "
JayinPortland wrote BPA Trade Group : Bringing Poison to Americans : " The BPA Gang is apparently not content to just have their lackeys at FDA doing their dirty work ; now they 're set to launch a full - blown offensive against the babies of America .
We all knew they would n't go down without a fight , and here it is .
From a recent North American Metal Packaging Alliance - hosted BPA Joint Trade Association Meeting on Communications Strategy . "
Hex still marks the spot at the new Yankee Stadium .
It has been more than a year since the team extricated a Red Sox jersey maliciously entombed in the new stadium ’s concrete by a Boston - loving hardhat — yet the hole remains unfilled , and officials have no clue what to do with it , The Post has learned .
HORNY A-ROD A LAP DUNCE
SEE PHOTOS OF THE JERSEY BEING TAKEN OUT
The Yankees were quick to shell out $ 50,000 to remove the David Ortiz shirt when word of its burial surfaced in April 2008 — yet all they have done since then is surround the now - empty 2 - by - 4 - foot gap with railing and a piece of Plexiglas .
The team refused to discuss plans for the hole — which was dug into a service tunnel behind home plate and is not accessible to the public — but sources said a decision has still not been made .
A cop patrolling the corridor Friday said the team may turn the spot into some sort of exhibit .
Fans who watched the team endure another drubbing at the House that George Built yesterday wondered whether the jersey is somehow still an ill omen for their beloved Bombers .
“ I think maybe the curse is lingering , ” said Leigh Ann Johnson , 22 , referring to injuries to stars Alex Rodriguez and Chien - Ming Wang , a record barely above .500 , and the recent sweep at the hands of the rival Red Sox .
“ They should bring over some dirt from the real House that Ruth Built to kind of level the curse and bring some Yankee tradition back to the Stadium . ”
Simon Marques , 20 , a student , said it ’s “ sketchy ” they have n’t filled it — “ because now there ’s residue from the Ortiz jersey .
There ’s lingering bad karma . ”
Some fans said the team should have made traitorous construction worker Gino Castignoli fill the hole as punishment for putting it there in the first place .
“ First of all , they took the shirt out , right ?
Why did n’t they let the guy who did it fill it up ? ” asked Robert Vitale , 69 .
“ We pay the Yanks enough in taxes and tickets . ”
Castignoli told The Post yesterday he ’s glad the hole remains , and hopes it will continue to serve as a good - luck charm for his cherished Red Sox .
“ Just leave it there , ” he said , adding that he hopes he got into Yankee players ’ heads .
“ They did n’t make the playoffs last year , ” he pointed out .
Castignoli suggested turning it into a wishing well and sending the proceeds to charity .
“ Give it to the Red Sox foundation , ” he said , while wearing a jersey of Boston legend Ted Williams .
He said it “ was a good thing ” that the jersey he buried last year — which was dug up on April 13 — was sold for $ 175,000 , with all the money donated to a Sox charity , the Jimmy Fund .
Castignoli denied knowing about anything else buried under the Stadium — including a scorecard from the 2004 American League Championship Series that he reportedly told friends he hid .
The only other thing buried there , he said , is “ taxpayer money . ”
A Yankee fan friend hanging out with Castignoli took the Bambino idea to the next level .
“ They should drag out Babe Ruth or Lou Gehrig ’s body and put the remains there , ” he said .
“ That will reverse the spell . ”
At least one fan at the park yesterday thought the team should leave the hole as is .
“ Boston got rid of their curse , which goes to show curses do n’t exist , ” said Mark Montaruli , 24 .
“ It ’s a little silly [ that it ’s still open ] , no doubt about it , but it adds character to the new place .
A little reminder to Boston that you tried to get us , but we got you back . ”
angela.montefinise@nypost.com
June 15 , 2009 — Thomas ten Cate
Work on this project has been slow until a few days ago , but now I ’m back in business .
I ’m getting the hang of this Eclipse API thing , which makes everything go much smoother .
Today I present to you : a more robust Scion client , a rudimentary “ Open Definition ” feature , and a configurable path to the Scion server program .
The improved client code for the Scion server works with a command queue .
It spawns one thread that is tightly coupled to the server process .
This thread waits for a command to arrive in the queue , then sends it off to the server and waits for the response .
If the server crashes for some reason , it will be restarted and the command will be retried on the new incarnation .
The original sender of the command ( for example , a GUI element ) specifies a timeout : if the command is not executed successfully within this time , the client gives up and the original sender is left to deal with the problem in whatever way it sees fit .
Then , for the mandatory screenshots , I built a feature similar to the “ Open Declaration ( F3 ) ” feature that you might know from Java development in Eclipse .
You can select an identifier and hit F3 ( or go through the context menu or main menu ) , and you will jump to the place where the identifier is defined :
This feature is very rudimentary : it only works if the definition is in the current file ; you have to select the identifier ; and the Ctrl+click that Java users may know does not work yet .
I also added a Preferences page to configure the location of the Scion executable .
Autodetection is in the works , but is not there yet .
Automatically installing Scion via Cabal upon request would also be a very nice feature to have .
This preference page may be a trivial feature , but very important : now that the path to my home directory is no longer hard - coded , other people might actually be able to try my code too !
Feeling adventurous ?
See the next post !
( CNN ) -- Farrah Fawcett , the blonde - maned actress whose best - selling poster and " Charlie 's Angels " stardom made her one of the most famous faces in the world , died Thursday .
She was 62 .
Farrah Fawcett rose to fame in the 1970s , thanks to a best - selling poster and the hit show " Charlie Angels . " more photos »
Fawcett 's death was confirmed by Paul Bloch , one of her representatives at Rogers and Cowan , an entertainment public relations firm .
Fawcett , who checked into a hospital in early April , had been battling anal cancer on and off for three years .
Bloch told CNN that Ryan O'Neal , Fawcett 's romantic partner since the mid-1980s , and her friend Alana Stewart were with Fawcett at Saint John 's Hospital in Santa Monica , California , when she died .
Gallery :
The life of Farrah Fawcett »
" Although this is an extremely difficult time for her family and friends , we take comfort in the beautiful times that we shared with Farrah over the years and the knowledge that her life brought joy to so many people around the world , " O'Neal said in a written statement .
Read more tributes to Fawcett
O'Neal is the father of Fawcett 's son , Redmond O'Neal , born in 1985 .
Redmond O'Neal is in an intense rehabilitation program conducted in the Los Angeles county jail , Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department spokesman Steve Whitmore told CNN on Thursday .
Fawcett 's son was informed on Wednesday night by a grief counselor and a chaplain that his mother 's death was imminent , and a grief counselor and chaplain also told him when she died , Whitmore said .
The young man , who is currently with a chaplain , has spoken with his father , Whitmore said .
Ryan O'Neal had recently told People magazine that the sex symbol was declining .
" She stays in bed now .
The doctors see that she is comfortable .
Farrah is on IVs , but some of that is for nourishment .
The treatment has pretty much ended , " he said in a story posted May 7 .
See images of Fawcett through the years »
Friends of Farrah Fawcett ' Larry King Live ' : Larry will be joined by Candy Spelling , Joan Dangerfield , Dick & Pat Van Patten , and others .
9 p.m. ET Larry King Live »
Fawcett 's cancer journey has been documented in a television special partly shot by the actress .
Fawcett began shooting " Farrah 's Story , " by taking a camera to a doctor 's appointment .
Eventually , the film expanded to include trips overseas in hopes of treating the cancer .
Watch a clip from " Farrah 's Story " »
The documentary aired on NBC on May 15 .
Watch Ryan O'Neal talk about why she did the documentary »
Fawcett 's beauty -- her gleaming smile was printed on millions of posters -- initially made her famous .
But she later established herself as a serious actress .
She starred as a battered wife in the 1984 TV movie " The Burning Bed . "
She appeared on stage as a woman who extracts vengeance from a would - be rapist in William Mastrosimone 's play " Extremities . "
Watch Fawcett accept her star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame »
She reprised the " Extremities " role on film in 1986 .
Other Fawcett films include " Logan 's Run " ( 1976 ) , " Saturn 3 " ( 1980 ) , " The Cannonball Run " ( 1981 ) , " The Apostle " ( 1997 ) and the Robert Altman - directed " Dr. T and the Women " ( 2000 ) .
To many , Fawcett will always be best known for her red- swimsuited image on the pinup poster , which sold a reputed 12 million copies after its release in 1976 .
iReport : Share your memories of Farrah Fawcett
Fawcett was a model best known for bit parts , commercials and as " Six Million Dollar Man " actor Lee Majors ' wife when she shot the poster in early 1976 at the behest of Pro Arts , a Cleveland , Ohio , company .
Photographer Bruce McBroom placed Fawcett -- then known as Farrah Fawcett - Majors -- in the Indian blanket - draped front seat of his 1937 Chevy and snapped away .
Fawcett did her own hair -- a long , tousled cascade of blonde locks -- picked out the red bathing suit and chose the frame later used for the poster , according to a story in the Toronto Star .
The poster , with Fawcett 's million - dollar smile front and center , became a sensation .
Soon after the photo shoot , Fawcett was asked to join the cast of a new Aaron Spelling TV show , " Charlie 's Angels , " about a trio of female detectives who work for a mysterious man named Charlie , whose only appearance in the show was through his voice ( supplied by John Forsythe ) .
Watch Fawcett talk about why she left " Angels " »
Fawcett , who played Jill Munroe , was the last to be cast .
Co-star Kate Jackson was the known name at the time , but thanks to her poster , Fawcett became the breakout star .
The highly rated TV series kicked off what came to be known as " jiggle TV , " series full of pretty actresses who appeared in bikinis at the drop of a hat .
" Denunciations of ' massage parlor television ' and ' voyeurism ' only brought more viewers to the screen , to see what the controversy was about , " wrote Tim Brooks and Earle Marsh about " Charlie 's Angels " in their indispensable reference , " The Complete Directory to Prime Time Network and Cable TV Shows . "
ABC's " Three 's Company " and CBS 's " The American Girls " were among the shows that immediately followed , and shows such as " Baywatch " owe " Charlie 's Angels " a debt .
But Fawcett did n't stay with " Angels " long .
At the end of the first season , unhappy with her contract , she left the show and was replaced by Cheryl Ladd .
Fawcett 's career stagnated for a time after " Charlie 's Angels . "
She appeared in a handful of forgettable films and divorced Majors .
But her career received a major boost with her starring role in " The Burning Bed , " a 1984 TV movie co-starring Paul Le Mat .
Fawcett played an abused wife who sets fire to her husband 's bed as he lies sleeping .
Fawcett received an Emmy nomination for her performance .
Fawcett also became romantically involved with O'Neal around this time .
The pair had a son , Redmond , in 1985 .
In recent years , Fawcett has appeared sporadically in the public eye .
She posed nude for Playboy in 1995 .
In 1997 , she appeared on " The Late Show with David Letterman , " an interview that became notorious for Fawcett 's apparent incoherence .
She later said she was just having fun with Letterman .
She reunited with her " Charlie 's Angels " co-stars , Jackson and Jaclyn Smith , for an awards show in 2006 .
Fawcett was born in Corpus Christi , Texas , in 1947 .
She married Majors in 1973 ; they divorced nine years later .
She was diagnosed with cancer in 2006 .
All About Farrah Fawcett
Snip from a Harvard Business blog post by Umair Haque on the digital - age business lessons to be learned from Michael Jackson 's death , and analysis of the purported revenue from his career over the last three decades :
Want to know why we have a zombieconomy ?
Because the beancounters killed the incentives to create real value .
Let 's use MJ 's tragic death as a mini case - study .
$ 300 million over , for example , 25 years ?
That 's $ 12 million a year .
I 'm deliberately leaving out ads , endorsements , concerts , etc. , to focus on the the structural problems in one industry : music .
If the world 's biggest pop star only made $ 12 million a year from his recordings , why would anyone make serious music ?
Where did the rest of the money go ?
Why , straight into record labels ' pockets .
Did they make better music with it ?
Nope — they made Britney and Lady GaGa .
And that 's how they killed themselves : by underinvesting in quality , to rake in the take .
Wait a second — that sounds familiar .
You can add back in the endorsements , etc. now — they only double the figure : to about $ 25 million .
If the world 's biggest pop star only made $ 25 million a year in total , something 's very , very wrong .
Where 's the rest of the money ?
Why ca n't a resource as scarce as the King of Pop capture more value ?
Sanford 's affair another setback for GOP POLITICS
FILE - In a Wednesday , Jan. 10 , 2007 file photo , South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford takes the oath of office for a second term with his wife Jenny and sons , from the left ; Marshall III ; Landon ; Bolton and Blake , during inaugural ceremonies at the Statehouse in Columbia , S.C. ( AP Photo / Mary Ann Chastain , File ) less FILE - In a Wednesday , Jan. 10 , 2007 file photo , South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford takes the oath of office for a second term with his wife Jenny and sons , from the left ; Marshall III ; Landon ; Bolton and Blake , ... more Photo : Mary Ann Chastain , AP Photo : Mary Ann Chastain , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Sanford 's affair another setback for GOP 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
The GOP has gone through some rough political patches , but thanks to the tabloid - style love tango between high - profile South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford and his mysterious Argentine mistress , the party and its prospects for 2010 and beyond are looking colder than a Patagonian winter .
Sanford 's admission of the affair this week - he told staffers he was taking an extended hike on the Appalachian Trail but later was caught stepping off a plane from Buenos Aires - was the stuff of nightmares for Republican Party leaders .
Once considered on the short list for a 2012 presidential bid , Sanford instead became the target of late - night comedians for going missing from his state job and being unfaithful to his wife .
His amorous adventure leaves the GOP 's top leadership bench for next year 's congressional elections and the 2012 presidential contest looking decidedly empty .
It comes on the heels of problems involving some of its aspiring stars , with questions of hypocrisy swirling over a party that holds up moral values and the sanctity of marriage .
Parade of sex stories
Last week , Nevada Sen .
John Ensign , chairman of the Republican Policy Committee , admitted to an affair with a former staffer .
That followed a parade of headlines about other conservative GOP legislators in recent years : Idaho Sen.
Larry Craig , caught soliciting sex from a man in a public restroom ; and junior Louisiana Sen .
David Vitter , considered one of the GOP 's hopes for 2010 , who turned up on the client list of the notorious " D.C. Madam . "
In addition , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , last year 's GOP vice presidential candidate and still a favorite of conservatives , has been hurt by news about her daughter , an unwed mother , as well as by alleged ethics violations and questions about her public relations judgment after laying into late - night TV host David Letterman for his jokes about her .
Sanford 's spectacular meltdown over infidelity - the second such scandal in two weeks with a major party figure - underscores the pressing need for new faces and leaders to take the Republican Party into the future , some political activists say .
" The party is at a real crossroads and needs to figure out who the voices of the future are , " said Mindy Tucker Fletcher , spokeswoman for the 2000 presidential campaign of George W. Bush , " and let them run , let them speak and promote them .
There are growing pains .
The key word is ' pain . ' "
Give women a chance
Andrea Dew Steele , founder and president of Emerge America , a national organization based in San Francisco that trains Democratic women to run for office , agreed that the Sanford scandal poses a challenge that applies to both political parties .
" Let 's see if we can elect more women to office , " she said , " and give them a chance to see if they can do better in power . "
Republicans said their party hardly has a lock on sex- related stories like Sanford 's : Former presidential candidate and North Carolina Sen .
John Edwards , former New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer and former President Bill Clinton also were the stuff of tabloid legend for infidelities and , in Spitzer 's case , illegal transactions with a young prostitute .
Still , GOP members were furious with the South Carolina governor , not only for his particularly wacky behavior that included deserting four children on Father 's Day weekend to meet up with his paramour but also going MIA from his job .
Equally galling was his timing - the Sanford scandal exploding just as Republicans were gaining ground in the polls on President Obama and the Democrats on issues like the size of the federal deficit and concerns over Obama 's health care policy .
" I am mad enough to swallow a horned toad backward , " GOP strategist Patrick Dorinson of Sacramento wrote on Politico.com .
" In my mind he is ... a pitiful excuse for a real man .
He not only has feet of clay , he has a spine of one as well . "
While Sanford 's aides suggested that he would hang tough and not resign , many party activists took to the airwaves to urge him to give up - and go away .
' Hang it up '
" I suggest he get out of office right now and let us be done with this whole sordid affair , " GOP strategist Trent Duffy told MSNBC .
" Some of these people who have lost the public trust need to hang it up .
...
This is a bad day for Republicans .
Our party does need fresh faces .
Maybe we can get a community organizer who can come out of nowhere and become the president of the United States . "
Tucker Fletcher , a leading endorser of California GOP gubernatorial candidate Meg Whitman , said female candidates could be the answer .
She argued that the former eBay CEO 's effort to get elected in California shows how the GOP can put those concerns into action - and take the call for change seriously .
" I 'm optimistic that it will get better , " Tucker Fletcher said , " but we keep going back to the scenario of women and blacks and people we want to join our party .
We have to give them a reason to .
We have to resonate with a bigger cross-section of people . "
They say that a picture is worth a thousand words .
Apparently , it is also worth a thousand articles .
Last week , Obama addressed the Arab and Muslim worlds from Cairo , and many major Arab news outlets picked up inspiring , low - angle shots of Obama in half - profile against a brilliant red background that includes the Egyptian flag .
The images evoke Shepard Fairey 's iconic ... ( Full article : 1141 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
So , you ask ; " how do you generate the coordinates necessary to render a ( unit ) sphere " ( you do ask the strangest questions ) ?
Well , since you insist , here 's a quick rundown of one way to go about it .
We 'll assume that we 're going to use a pair of vertex / index VBOs to render the geometry .
We wo n't try to make the most heavily optimized sphere in the world , but we 'll try to keep it reasonably lightweight ...
The sphere is modeled as a series of latitude lines around the sphere .
At the very poles are latitude lines which are infinitely small circles .
We construct each latitude line as a series of points sampled around the latitude line , we will ( for convenience ) use the same sampling frequency for all of the latitude lines .
This creates longitude lines at each sampling point on the latitude lines .
We 'll assume evenly spaced lines :
The basic sphere can then be drawn by drawing quads ( two triangles ) between a sampling point , the point next to it on the latitude line , and the point below it on the longitude line .
For the special case of the poles , we can drop one of the two triangles from each quad .
The latitude lines occur from angle 0 through angle pi ( in radians ) , while the longitude lines occur from angle 0 through angle 2 pi .
We divide each of these into a series of equal - angled elements .
We 're going to do some pointer math , so we 'll get the lengths for our calculations too ...
latsteps = arange ( 0 , pi+0.000003 , phi )
longsteps = arange ( 0 , pi*2+0.000003 , phi )
ystep = len( longsteps )
zstep = len( latsteps )
xstep = 1
The x ,z coordinates of a ( unit ) circle are easily calculated with cos ( ) and sin( ) of the longitude .
To texture map the sphere , we want the fraction - of - total for latitude and longitude for each coordinate ...
coords = zeros ( ( zstep , ystep , 5 ) , 'f ' )
coords [ : , :,0 ] = sin( longsteps ) # unit - circle dim
coords [ : , :,1 ] = cos(latsteps ) .reshape ( ( - 1,1 ) )
coords [ : , :,2 ] = cos(longsteps ) # unit - circle dim
coords [ : , :,3 ] = longsteps / ( 2*pi )
coords [ : , :,4 ] = latsteps.reshape( ( - 1,1 ) ) / pi
The y coordinate at which the circle is placed is the cos( ) of the latitude angle , and we can then multiply the unit - circle coordinate by the sin( ) of the latitude angle ( the cos is the height , so the sin is the target x, z length , which is currently 1 ) to get the final ( x , y, z ) coordinate of a given longitude / latitude point on the sphere .
scale = sin( latsteps ) .reshape ( ( - 1,1 ) )
coords [ : , :,0 ] *= scale
coords [ : , :,2 ] *= scale
The indices are a set of triangles which draw n , n+ystep , n+ystep+xstep and n , y+ystep+xstep , n+xstep triangles for each n around the sphere .
Each subsequent rectangle around a latitude line has its offsets increased by xtep ( 1 ) , each subsequent latitude has its offsets increased by ystep .
indices = zeros( ( zstep - 1 , ystep - 1,6 ) , dtype = ' H ' )
indices [ : ] = ( 0,0+ystep,0+ystep+xstep , 0,0+ystep+xstep,0+xstep )
# all indices now render the first rectangle ...
xoffsets = arange ( 0 , ystep - 1,1 , dtype= 'H' ) .reshape( ( - 1,1 ) )
indices += xoffsets
# now all indices render the first row ...
yoffsets = arange ( 0 , zstep - 1,1 , dtype= ' H' ) .reshape( ( - 1,1,1 ) )
indices += ( yoffsets * ystep )
With that we have the coordinates and indices to render the sphere , but we have a lot of degenerate polygons at the poles .
To compress them out , we take the stepped slice of the two polar " slices " in the index arrays :
if len( indices ) >=
2 :
indices = concatenate (
(
indices [ 0].reshape( ( - 1,3 ) ) [ ::2 ] ,
indices [ 1:- 1].reshape ( ( - 1,3 ) ) ,
indices [ - 1].reshape ( ( - 1,3 ) ) [ 1::2 ] ,
)
)
And there we have it , the coordinates and indices required to render a sphere as a pair of VBOs , like so :
coordLength = len( coords )
coords = vbo.VBO ( coords )
indices = vbo.VBO ( indices , target = ' GL_ELEMENT_ARRAY_BUFFER ' )
glEnableClientState( GL_VERTEX_ARRAY )
glEnableClientState( GL_NORMAL_ARRAY )
glEnableClientState( GL_TEXTURE_COORD_ARRAY )
self.coords.bind ( )
glVertexPointer ( 3 , GL_FLOAT,20,self.coords )
glTexCoordPointer ( 3 , GL_FLOAT,20,self.coords +12 )
glNormalPointer ( GL_FLOAT,20,self.coords )
self.indices.bind ( )
glDrawElements ( GL_TRIANGLES , coordLength , GL_UNSIGNED_SHORT , self.indices )
Obviously that relies on the rendering of the unit sphere ( since the normals are the coordinates ) .
You could easily record the x , y , z coordinates in separate elements and make a larger data - array .
If we wanted to restrict the quadric so that , for instance , it was just a small spherical patch , we could easily do it by restricting the values of latsteps and longsteps , but if the values are not 0 / pi then we cannot compress the first / last rings of the result - set .
The observant will note that there are duplicate points in the coordinate array , we could drop those out by referencing the first coordinates in the line as a special case ( i.e. when total angle is 2 pi ) .
This has simply been omitted to make sphere patches easier to implement .
We do n't compress the poles to a single vertex , incidentally , because then the texture - coordinates would get messed up even more on the pole triangles than they already are .
The code for the summary here is available from the OpenGLContext bzr repository .
[ Update ]
And now you can see all of Cone , Cylinder and Sphere rendering in the scenegraph library of OpenGLContext .
It 's all the same basic algorithm as the sphere , incidentally .
Sir Alex Ferguson has put together a list of potential summer transfer targets as he tries to fill the enormous void created by the imminent £ 80 m transfer of Cristiano Ronaldo to Real Madrid and the ­prospect of Carlos Tevez following the world ­footballer of the year out of Old Trafford .
Manchester United 's first response to sanctioning Ronaldo 's departure will be to follow up their interest in Luis Antonio Valencia and offer around £ 17 m to Wigan Athletic .
Ferguson is also an admirer of Karim Benzema and will investigate the cost of signing the France striker from Lyon , particularly if Tevez goes through with his threat to leave .
Jean Michel Aulas , the Lyon president , has stated that Benzema will not leave for less than € 80 m ( £ 68 m ) , but it is thought the French club would actually sell for half that amount .
United are also monitoring Franck Ribéry 's availability , although the Bayern Munich player would prefer to move to Spain and , with the Valencia striker David Villa , is another target for Madrid in what is shaping up to be the most remarkable period of transfer spending in history .
Having already signed Kaka from Milan for £ 59 m , the capture of Ronaldo will be the culmination of 18 months of strategic planning on the part of Madrid and the player .
The club expect Ronaldo to arrive in Spain " in the next few days " and the deal will be concluded as soon as he has passed his medical examination .
His ­salary was agreed almost a year ago , when Madrid put the deal in place .
Ronaldo will earn a flat wage of £ 6.8 m a year plus substantial add - ons and image - rights payments .
" This is very flattering for me , " Ronaldo said last night .
" The fact that two of the world 's greatest teams want to trade me is not something that happens every day . "
Ronaldo , currently on holiday in Los Angeles , also confirmed that a doctor from Madrid had examined the groin injury that has been troubling him .
" Every­one wants to see and test your product or future product , " he explained .
" It does not require an operation . "
The announcement from Old Trafford yesterday represents a devastating blow for the Premier League champions and is the news their supporters have been dreading ever since Ronaldo began ­talking openly of his " dream " to join Madrid .
He tried to force through a transfer this time last year .
Ferguson persuaded him to stay at Old Trafford for another year but ­Ronaldo made it clear that it would be his final season with the club .
His agent , Jorge Mendes , worked out a deal with all the relevant people as long ago as last September , writing in various pledges and confidentiality clauses .
" Let 's just say that everyone involved in the operation agreed to do it this season , " Ramón Calderón , Madrid 's president at that time , said last night .
" That is what I can say .
Last season
United decided not to do it because they thought it was too early and instead everyone agreed to do it this season .
He [ Ronaldo ] wanted to come , he said that many times .
It 's OK for Real Madrid and also for Manchester United , who will get a lot of money . "
United 's official stance was that Ronaldo would not be allowed to leave , something the club 's chief executive , David Gill , repeated as recently as two weeks ago .
Ferguson went even further in his own denials , declaring last December that he would not sell " that mob a virus " .
Instead , the deal was tied up in a 15 - minute telephone call on Wednesday , when Madrid 's new president , Florentino Pérez , contacted Gill to tell him the money was in place .
Mendes had already let United know his client still wanted to leave and Gill interrupted Ferguson 's holiday in France to inform him .
The club released the news in a statement : " Manchester United have received a world - record , unconditional offer of £ 80 m for Cristiano Ronaldo from Real Madrid .
At the request of Cristiano – who has again expressed his desire to leave – and after discussion with the player 's representatives , United have agreed to give Real Madrid permission to talk to the player .
Matters are expected to be concluded by 30 June . "
That leaves Ferguson with the task of replacing the potentially irreplaceable but his priority will be to persuade Tevez , a free agent from 30 June , to resist ­Manchester City 's offer of a huge pay rise and a regular first - team place .
Tevez has become disillusioned about the way he perceives he has been treated at Old ­Trafford , but Ferguson has broken off from his holiday on several occasions over the last week to contact the Argentina striker .
Nonetheless ,
Tevez is aware that United are trying to sign Valencia and has not received any assurances about playing more regularly if he were to stay .
Uefa 's president , Michel Platini , last night described the bid for Ronaldo as " excessive " , adding : " It is very puzzling at a time when football faces some of its worst ever financial challenges .
These transfers are a serious challenge to the idea of fair play . "
Update :
There are now many other LED flashlights that exceed this one , see my article the Brightest LED Flashlights .
A triumph of careful thought , detailing and thorough testing , the Neofab Legion II is a new single LED flashlight that is said to produce a whopping 742 lumens .
If accurate , this light will be the brightest single - LED in the world .
Reading through the details that its creator used in describing his R&D process , it ’s clear that this was his baby .
Much time was spent perfecting the multi - level control ring over the previous Spartanian II to make it smoother and cleaner .
Teflon bearings were employed to ensure maximum smoothness .
Left or right handed models allow you to control both on / off switching and leveling with your dominant thumb .
A user - replaceable spring was also added .
The circuit board is a a four - layer PCB and it ’s paired with a 27 mm driver and .0007 ohm Vishay / Dale resistors .
The five - level flashlight offers an output of 98 lumens on its lowest setting and works up to the full 742 on # 5 .
Using 3 18650 cells , the flashlight also offers an impressive run time of just over two hours .
Full Specs :
– Powerful , Precise , Reliable Driver .
( 0.007 ohm resistors from Vishay / Dale . )
- Current Up to 3000 mA .
- Longer Runtime Than Any Competitor In The Class .
- Best Current Regulation At Any Level , Without Audible Noise .
- Reverse Voltage Protection
- 5 Exponential Levels .
- Thumb Control Without Strain On The Wrist .
- Revolutionary UI , The Easiest Way To Level Up / Down .
- Quick Access to Any 2 Default Levels .
- Built - in Battery Gauge .
- Over - discharge protection .
- Built - in Battery Holder .
- Ultimate Thermal Management .
- Custom Hi-End Parts .
-B270 Multi-layer AR Coated Lens With 99.5 % Transparence
-ALCOA 7075 - T651
-CNC Machining
-TYPE III Hard Anodizing
Output :
2.9A ( full distance )
Runtime with 3 * Ultrafire unprotected 18650 cells :
2hours and 4 minutes .
Here ’s some efficiency data from lab testing :
The Alcoa and stainless steel first edition was released earlier this week in a very limited 30 - piece batch .
The $ 295 may seem high , but purchase also comes with a VIP discount ( 90 % off of future Neofab purchase ) .
The second generation Legion II , a more machined aluminum version , will be a bit cheaper at $ 179 .
First batch is already over half gone .
Legion II flashlights at CPF Marketplace .
American student accused of killing British flatmate in Italy says police forced her to implicate innocent man in fatal stabbing
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Amanda Knox , the American exchange student accused of killing her British flatmate , Meredith Kercher , told a court in Italy today that police pressurised her into implicating an innocent man in the crime .
Giving testimony for the first time at the murder trial in Perugia , Knox explained why she had told police that Patrick Lumumba , the Congolese owner of a bar where Knox worked , was involved in the death of Kercher in November 2007 .
" Everything [ I ] said was said in confusion and under pressure , " Knox , 21 , said today .
" They [ the interrogating officers ] were suggesting Patrick Lumumba so the first thing I said was , ' OK , Patrick ' . "
Before she named Lumumba , who was cleared after being detained for two weeks , the officers accused her of trying to protect someone , Knox said , adding : " When I denied that , they called me a stupid liar . "
Kercher , 21 , from Coulsdon , Surrey , who was studying at Perugia University for Foreigners , was found in a pool of blood in a bedroom of the shared house .
Prosecutors allege she was killed during what began as a sex game , with Knox touching her with the point of a knife while her co-defendant , Raffaele Sollecito , 25 , Knox 's Italian ex-boyfriend , held her by the shoulders .
Prosecutors have alleged that a third person , an Ivory Coast national , Rudy Hermann Guede , tried to sexually assault Kercher and then Knox fatally stabbed her in the throat .
Guede was convicted of the murder in a separate trial last year and sentenced to 30 years ' jail .
Knox initially said she was at home and covered her ears as Lumumba killed Kercher , a version of events she later retracted .
Asked by Lumumba 's lawyer , Carlo Pacelli , why she had implicated his client , Knox spoke falteringly as she alleged police coercion .
" They told me try to remember what I apparently , according to them , had forgotten , " she said , describing the " pressure of everyone yelling at me and having them tell me they were going to put me in prison for protecting someone that I was n't protecting " .
She said : " I could n't understand why they were so sure that I was the one who knew everything and so in my confusion I started to imagine that maybe I was traumatised , like what they said .
The declarations were taken against my will . "
Prosecutors claim Knox 's DNA was found on the handle of the likely murder weapon – a kitchen knife found in Sollecito 's house – and that traces of Kercher 's DNA were on the blade .
Knox said she had spent the night before Kercher 's body was found at Sollecito 's flat after Lumumba texted her and told her she was not needed for work that evening .
She was shocked when she realised police suspected her , she added .
" Arriving in the police office I did n't expect to be interrogated at all , " she said .
" When I got there I was sitting on my own doing my homework when a couple of police officers came and sat with me .
" They began to ask me the same questions they 'd been asking me all those days ever since it happened .
" For instance , who could I imagine could be the person who had killed Meredith , and I said I still did n't know . "
Knox and Sollecito , who have been remanded in custody since shortly after the killing , have given conflicting statements over their whereabouts on the night of the murder .
Sollecito has said he was at his flat in Perugia , working at his computer .
He said he does not remember if Knox spent the whole night with him or just part of it .
The two face life imprisonment if convicted of murder .
The trial began in January and a verdict is expected after a summer break .
Guede was given a fast - track trial at his request .
His appeal against the conviction is due to start in November .
CAIRO ( Reuters ) - Libyan authorities have reported an outbreak of bubonic plague in the Mediterranean coastal town of Tubruq , and the World Health Organization was sending a team to investigate , a WHO official said on Tuesday .
The cases -- approximately 16 to 18 have been reported -- would be the first in more than two decades in Libya of the disease known in medieval times as the Black Death , according to John Jabbour , a Cairo - based emerging diseases specialist at WHO .
“ It is reported as bubonic plague , ” Jabbour said , adding WHO still did n’t have “ a full picture ” of the situation .
“ It is officially reported by Libya ...
Tomorrow , WHO is deploying a mission to Libya to investigate the whole situation , to see how many of the cases are confirmed , or not confirmed . ”
He said preliminary information from Libyan authorities showed 16 to 18 reported cases including one death , and that Tripoli had asked for assistance from the global health body .
Bubonic plague , noticeable by black bumps that sometimes develop on victims ’ bodies , causes severe vomiting and fever and still kills around 100 to 200 people annually worldwide .
It can kill within days if not treated with antibiotics .
A plague epidemic of 1347 to 1351 was one of the deadliest recorded in human history , killing about 75 million people , according to some estimates , including more than a third of Europe ’s population .
That pandemic was thought to have begun in Asia , then spread into the Middle East , Africa and Europe .
Tubruq , where the new cases were reported , is approximately 125 km from the Egyptian border and was the scene of previous plague cases decades ago , Jabbour said .
Egypt , already fighting to contain an outbreak of the H1N1 flu virus , said it had no reported cases of plague .
Rodents carry plague , which is virtually impossible to wipe out and moves through the animal world as a constant threat to humans .
Globally the World Health Organization reports about 1,000 to 3,000 plague cases each year , with most in the last five years occurring in Madagascar , Tanzania , Mozambique , Malawi , Uganda and the Democratic Republic of Congo .
The United States sees about 10 to 20 cases each year .
In the first one , passengers are seen using oxygen masks to counter the effects of loss of cabin pressure , and in the second a passenger is shown being sucked out of the rear of the aircraft as its tail breaks off .
President Obama says he ’d rather have 70 Senate votes approving a good health - care reform bill , said David Broder in The Washington Post , than have 52 senators push through a perfect one .
His bipartisan aspirations will face their biggest test over a provision , included in Sen .
Ted Kennedy ’s legislation , for a government - sponsored alternative to private health plans .
Obama supports this “ public option , ” but Republicans call it a “ nonstarter . ”
Why would the GOP support pushing the U.S. toward becoming a “ European - style welfare state ” ?
said Karl Rove in The Wall Street Journal .
To stop this “ bait - and - switch ” fiasco , Republicans need to make five points :
The “ public option ” is unnecessary , would restrict care by fixing prices , is “ far too expensive , ” puts Uncle Sam between doctors and patients , and would “ crater ” the private insurance market , forcing us into a “ single - payer , government - run health - care system . ”
Why is that such a “ scary ” thought ?
said Nicholas Kristof in The New York Times .
Canada has such a system , and do you know what Canadians pay for health care ?
About $ 49 a month — no strings , no co-payments .
Sure , there is some wait for services , and the hospital food is lousy .
But Canada pays half as much per patient on care that has as good or better outcomes than in the U.S.
No wonder some " scaremongers ” making fortunes in the American system want you terrified .
Do n’t be .
In the space of two months , all that has changed .
“ Where is my vote ? ” , thousands of young Iranians are chanting in the streets and posting on their supposedly banned Facebook profiles .
One look at my own feed tells me how cheated the young people of Iran feel , now that Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has been re-elected for another four years .
“ Shout out on the street : ‘ Death to the dictator ’ ” , one status tells me , adding cautiously , “ but remember not to protest in groups , you must stay dispersed . ”
Another one says simply : “ Supporters of Mousavi protest from Vali - Aser square to Tajrish wearing green cloth . ”
George C. Marshall Nobel Lecture
Nobel Lecture * , December 11 , 1953
Essentials to Peace
I
I have been greatly and surprisingly honored in the past twenty - four hours , and in return I have been requested to speak here tonight .
While no subject has been suggested , it is quite evident that the cause of peace is preeminent in your minds .
Discussions without end have been devoted to the subject of peace , and the efforts to obtain a general and lasting peace have been frequent through many years of world history .
There has been success temporarily , but all have broken down , and with the most tragic consequences since 1914 .
What I would like to do is point our attention to some directions in which efforts to attain peace seem promising of success .
I will try to phrase my views or suggestions in the simplest possible terms though I lack the magic and artistry of that great orator whom the Nobel Committee in Stockholm so appropriately honored yesterday1 .
In making my statement I will assume your familiarity with the discussions and efforts of the past eight years and also with something of the conditions which have governed each long continued peace in world history .
I would like to make special mention of the years of the Pax Romana2 , which endured through almost all of the first two centuries of the Christian era .
I do so because of a personal incident which made a profound impression on me in the spring of 1919 .
Arriving late at night in Chaumont , the American Headquarters in France , I sought shelter for the night in the house of a group of friends .
I found they were temporarily absent ; so I selected an unoccupied room and looked about for a book to read as I waited for sleep to come .
The books available were mostly in French or German .
Since I was unable to read them with facility , I looked further and finally found an English textbook on the history of Gaul .
Casting about for an interesting portion , I landed on a description of the famous Roman Peace .
Included in this description was a statement of the dispositions of the Roman troops during this prolonged period , a legion at Cologne , another at Coblenz , a third at Mayence , and the reserve at Trier .
Now those happened to be the identical dispositions of our Allied Forces some eighteen hundred years later , with the Peace Commission sitting in Paris and evolving the policy of the League of Nations .
I would not wish to imply that the military deployment I have just described corresponds to the protective NATO3 deployment of today .
The threat today is quite different , but I do think that this remarkable historical repetition does suggest that we have walked blindly , ignoring the lessons of the past , with , in our century , the tragic consequences of two world wars and the Korean struggle as a result .
In my country my military associates frequently tell me that we Americans have learned our lesson .
I completely disagree with this contention and point to the rapid disintegration between 1945 and 1950 of our once vast power for maintaining the peace .
As a direct consequence , in my opinion , there resulted the brutal invasion of South Korea , which for a time threatened the complete defeat of our hastily arranged forces in that field .
I speak of this with deep feeling because in 1939 and again in the early fall of 1950 it suddenly became my duty , my responsibility , to rebuild our national military strength in the very face of the gravest emergencies .
These opening remarks may lead you to assume that my suggestions for the advancement of world peace will rest largely on military strength .
For the moment the maintenance of peace in the present hazardous world situation does depend in very large measure on military power , together with Allied cohesion .
But the maintenance of large armies for an indefinite period is not a practical or a promising basis for policy .
We must stand together strongly for these present years , that is , in this present situation ; but we must , I repeat , we must find another solution , and that is what I wish to discuss this evening .
There has been considerable comment over the awarding of the Nobel Peace Prize to a soldier4 .
I am afraid this does not seem as remarkable to me as it quite evidently appears to others .
I know a great deal of the horrors and tragedies of war .
Today , as chairman of the American Battle Monuments Commission , it is my duty to supervise the construction and maintenance of military cemeteries in many countries overseas , particularly in Western Europe .
The cost of war in human lives is constantly spread before me , written neatly in many ledgers whose columns are gravestones .
I am deeply moved to find some means or method of avoiding another calamity of war .
Almost daily I hear from the wives , or mothers , or families of the fallen .
The tragedy of the aftermath is almost constantly before me .
I share with you an active concern for some practical method for avoiding war .
Let me first say that I regard the present highly dangerous situation as a very special one , which naturally dominates our thinking on the subject of peace , but which should not , in my opinion , be made the principal basis for our reasoning towards the manner for securing a condition of long continued peace .
A very strong military posture is vitally necessary today .
How long it must continue I am not prepared to estimate , but I am sure that it is too narrow a basis on which to build a dependable , long - enduring peace .
The guarantee for a long continued peace will depend on other factors in addition to a moderated military strength , and no less important .
Perhaps the most important single factor will be a spiritual regeneration to develop goodwill , faith , and understanding among nations .
Economic factors will undoubtedly play an important part .
Agreements to secure a balance of power , however disagreeable they may seem , must likewise be considered .
And with all these there must be wisdom and the will to act on that wisdom .
II
In this brief discussion , I can give only a very limited treatment of these great essentials to peace .
However , I would like to select three more specific areas for closer attention .
The first relates to the possibilities of better education in the various factors affecting the life of peaceful security , both in terms of its development and of its disruption .
Because wisdom in action in our Western democracies rests squarely upon public understanding , I have long believed that our schools have a key role to play .
Peace could , I believe , be advanced through careful study of all the factors which have gone into the various incidents now historical that have marked the breakdown of peace in the past .
As an initial procedure our schools , at least our colleges but preferably our senior high schools , as we call them , should have courses which not merely instruct our budding citizens in the historical sequence of events of the past , but which treat with almost scientific accuracy the circumstances which have marked the breakdown of peace and have led to the disruption of life and the horrors of war .
There may perhaps have been a “ last clear chance ” to avoid the tragic conflagrations of our century .
In the case of World War II , for example , the challenge may well have come in the early thirties , and passed largely unrecognized until the situation was unlikely to be retrieved .
We are familiar with specific events such as the march into the Rhineland or aggression in Ethiopia or Manchuria5 .
Perhaps there was also a last clear chance to begin to build up the strength of the democracies to keep the military situation in equilibrium .
There may also have been a last clear chance to penetrate to the spirit of the peoples of the nations threatening the peace , and to find ways of peaceful adjustment in the economic field as well .
Certainly , had the outcome of the war , with its devastation and disruption , been foreseen , and had there been an understanding on all sides of the problems that were threatening the peace , I feel sure that many possibilities for accommodation would have been much more thoroughly explored .
It is for this reason that I believe our students must first seek to understand the conditions , as far as possible without national prejudices , which have led to past tragedies and should strive to determine the great fundamentals which must govern a peaceful progression toward a constantly higher level of civilization .
There are innumerable instructive lessons out of the past , but all too frequently their presentation is highly colored or distorted in the effort to present a favorable national point of view .
In our school histories at home , certainly in years past , those written in the North present a strikingly different picture of our Civil War from those written in the South .
In some portions it is hard to realize they are dealing with the same war .
Such reactions are all too common in matters of peace and security .
But we are told that we live in a highly scientific age .
Now the progress of science depends on facts and not fancies or prejudice .
Maybe in this age we can find a way of facing the facts and discounting the distorted records of the past .
I am certain that a solution of the general problem of peace must rest on broad and basic understanding on the part of its peoples .
Great single endeavors like a League of Nations , a United Nations , and undertakings of that character , are of great importance and in fact absolutely necessary , but they must be treated as steps toward the desired end .
We must depend in large measure on the impartiality of those who teach .
Their approach must be on a scientific basis in order to present the true facts .
The scientists , no matter of what nationality , make a common approach to their problems .
For my second suggestion , I would like to consider the national attitudes that bear on the great problem of peace .
I hope you will not think me amiss if I turn to my own country and certain rather special circumstances found there to illustrate my point .
Despite the amazing conquest of the air and its reduction of distances to a matter of hours and not days , or minutes instead of hours , the United States is remote in a general sense from the present turbulent areas of the world .
I believe the measure of detachment , limited though it is , has been of help in enabling us on occasion to take an impartial stand on heated international problems .
Also , my country is very specially constituted in terms of population .
We have many families of Norwegian ancestry in our population .
My country also includes large numbers of former citizens of many of the other countries of Europe , including the present satellite states .
I recall that when the first Polar flight6 was made by the Russians from Moscow over the top of the world to land on the little airfield of the post I commanded at Vancouver on the Columbia River in the state of Washington , my home was surrounded within a few hours by hundreds and hundreds of Russians , all presumably citizens of the United States .
Italians , Turks , Greeks , and many , many others who came to our country now constitute an organic portion of our population .
From this fact we have acquired , I think , a feeling and a concern for the problems of other peoples .
There is a deep urge to help the oppressed and to give aid to those upon whom great and sudden hardship has fallen .
We , naturally , cannot see a problem in the exact terms as people like yourselves or the Danes , or the Dutch , or the French , for example – people living in the closest contact with each other , yet widely differing in national heritage .
I believe there is , however , a readiness to cooperate which is one of the great and hopeful factors of the world of today .
While we are not in close contact with the details of problems , neither are we indifferent to them , and we are not involved in your historical tensions and suspicions .
If I am correct in thinking that these factors have given us as a nation some advantage in the quest for peace , then I would suggest that principles of cooperation based on these factors might contribute to a better understanding amongst all nations .
I realize fully that there is another side to this picture .
In America we have not suffered the destruction of our homes , our towns , and our cities .
We have not been enslaved for long periods , at the complete mercy of a conqueror .
We have enjoyed freedom in its fullest sense .
In fact , we have come to think in terms of freedom and the dignity of the individual more or less as a matter of course , and our apparent unconcern until times of acute crisis presents a difficult problem to the citizens of the countries of Western Europe , who have seldom been free from foreign threat to their freedom , their dignity , and their security .
I think nevertheless that the people of the United States have fully demonstrated their willingness to fight and die in the terrible struggle for the freedom we all prize , to sacrifice their own men in large numbers for this common cause , and to contribute vast sums for the general benefit of the Western countries .
I recognize that there are bound to be misunderstandings under the conditions of wide separation between your countries and mine .
But I believe the attitude of cooperation has been thoroughly proven .
I also believe that the participation of millions of our young men and women in the struggle in Western Europe , in the closest contact with your people , will bring as its result less of misunderstanding on our side of the Atlantic than perhaps on yours .
In my own case , for example , I spent two and one half years in France during the First World War .
Frequently I was quartered in the households of the French peasantry and spent long evenings by the kitchen fires , talking far into the night .
I came to know them well , admired them , and in some cases came to love them .
Now , how many do you suppose of the present citizens of Western Europe have had a similar look - in on the homes of people in the farms and small towns of America .
A few may know much of New York , Washington , and Chicago , but those great cities do not represent the heart of America .
The third area I would like to discuss has to do with the problem of the millions who live under subnormal conditions and who have now come to a realization that they may aspire to a fair share of the God - given rights of human beings .
Their aspirations present a challenge to the more favored nations to lend assistance in bettering the lot of the poorer .
This is a special problem in the present crisis , but it is of basic importance to any successful effort toward an enduring peace .
The question is not merely one of self - interest arising from the fact that these people present a situation which is a seed bed for either one or the other of two greatly differing ways of life .
Ours is democracy , according to our interpretation of the meaning of that word .
If we act with wisdom and magnanimity , we can guide these yearnings of the poor to a richer and better life through democracy .
We must present democracy as a force holding within itself the seeds of unlimited progress by the human race .
By our actions we should make it clear that such a democracy is a means to a better way of life , together with a better understanding among nations .
Tyranny inevitably must retire before the tremendous moral strength of the gospel of freedom and self - respect for the individual , but we have to recognize that these democratic principles do not flourish on empty stomachs , and that people turn to false promises of dictators because they are hopeless and anything promises something better than the miserable existence that they endure .
However , material assistance alone is not sufficient .
The most important thing for the world today in my opinion is a spiritual regeneration which would reestablish a feeling of good faith among men generally .
Discouraged people are in sore need of the inspiration of great principles .
Such leadership can be the rallying point against intolerance , against distrust , against that fatal insecurity that leads to war .
It is to be hoped that the democratic nations can provide the necessary leadership .
The points I have just discussed are , of course , no more than a very few suggestions in behalf of the cause of peace .
I realize that they hold nothing of glittering or early promise , but there can be no substitute for effort in many fields .
There must be effort of the spirit – to be magnanimous , to act in friendship , to strive to help rather than to hinder .
There must be effort of analysis to seek out the causes of war and the factors which favor peace , and to study their application to the difficult problems which will beset our international intercourse .
There must be material effort – to initiate and sustain those great undertakings , whether military or economic , on which world equilibrium will depend .
If we proceed in this manner , there should develop a dynamic philosophy which knows no restrictions of time or space .
In America we have a creed which comes to us from the deep roots of the past .
It springs from the convictions of the men and women of many lands who founded the nation and made it great .
We share that creed with many of the nations of the Old World and the New with whom we are joined in the cause of peace .
We are young in world history , but these ideals of ours we can offer to the world with the certainty that they have the power to inspire and to impel action .
I am not implying in any way that we would attempt to persuade other people to adopt our particular form of government .
I refer here specifically to those fundamental values on which our government , like many other democracies , is based .
These , I believe , are timeless and have a validity for all mankind .
These , I believe , will kindle the imagination and arouse the spirit .
A great proponent of much of what I have just been saying is Dr. Albert Schweitzer , the world humanitarian , who today receives the Nobel Peace Award for 1952 .
I feel it is a vast compliment to be associated with him in these awards this year7 .
His life has been utterly different from mine , and we should all be happy that his example among the poor and benighted of the earth should have been recognized by the Peace Award of the Nobel Committee .
I must not further complicate this discussion with the wide variety of specific considerations which will enfold the gradual growth of a sound approach toward some method of securing an enduring peace in the world .
I fear , in fact I am rather certain , that due to my inability to express myself with the power and penetration of the great Churchill , I have not made clear the points that assume such prominence and importance in my mind .
However , I have done my best , and I hope I have sown some seeds which may bring forth good fruit .
* This lecture was delivered in the Auditorium of the University of Oslo .
Lecture text , taken from Les Prix Nobel en 1953 , is identical to that published in the New York Times for December 12 , 1953 , except for differences in paragraphing , an occasional and minor difference in punctuation , and in one instance , the deletion of three words noted below .
The lecture was not given a title by General Marshall ; the one used here has been taken from a phrase which occurs in the first sentence of Part II of the speech .
1. Sir Winston Churchill , who received the Nobel Prize in Literature .
2. “ The Roman Peace ” , a period of peace within the Roman Empire maintained by the power of the central authority .
3. Founded in 1949 , the North Atlantic Treaty Organization is a defensive alliance entered into by Belgium , Canada , Denmark , France , Great Britain , Iceland , Italy , Luxembourg , The Netherlands , Norway , Portugal , and the United States ; Greece and Turkey joined in 1951 , and West Germany in 1955 .
NATO maintains military forces under an integrated command .
4. See the New York Times , October 31 , 1953 , p. 15 .
For views on speech , December 22 , 1953 , p. 30 , and December 25 , 1953 , p. 161 .
For description of protest at the time of the prize presentation , see December 11 , 1953 .
p. 1 . Three Communist newspapermen in the balcony , shouting “ We protest ” and showering leaflets on the audience , interrupted the ceremony just after Dr. Hambro had completed his speech and while General Marshall was accepting the prize .
King Haakon VII jumped to his feet applauding the general ; the audience joined in , drowning out the noise of the disturbance .
5. German march into the Rhineland in March , 1936 ; Italian attack on Ethiopia in December , 1934 ; Japanese attack on Manchuria in September , 1931 .
6. On June 20 , 1937 .
7 . The text in the New York Times does not include the words “ in these awards ” .
From Nobel Lectures , Peace 1951 - 1970 , Editor Frederick W. Haberman , Elsevier Publishing Company , Amsterdam , 1972
Copyright © The Nobel Foundation 1953
To cite this section
MLA style : George C. Marshall – Nobel Lecture . NobelPrize.org .
Nobel Media AB 2020 .
Wed. 30 Sep 2020 .
< https://www.nobelprize.org/prizes/peace/1953/marshall/lecture/>
It has swept across the world killing at least 300 people and infecting thousands more .
Yet the swine flu pandemic might not have happened had it not been for the accidental release of the same strain of influenza virus from a research laboratory in the late 1970s , according to a new study .
Scientists investigating the genetic make - up of flu viruses have concluded there is a high probability that the H1N1 strain of influenza " A " behind the current pandemic might never have been re-introduced into the human population were it not for an accidental leak from a laboratory working on the same strain in 1977 .
Yesterday , the Department of Health announced a further surge in the number of cases in Britain with another 1,604 confirmed over the weekend , and the death of a girl in Birmingham with underlying medical complications ; the third death in Britain from swine flu - related problems .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Almost 6,000 Britons have now been infected with the influenza " A " ( H1N1 ) strain of swine flu .
But two medical researchers believe that this strain of the virus had been extinct in the human population for more than 20 years until it was unwittingly reintroduced by scientists working in a research lab somewhere in the world , leading to a pandemic in 1977 that began in Russia and China .
" Careful study of the genetic origin of the [ 1977 ] virus showed that it was closely related to a 1950 strain , but dissimilar to influenza ' A ' ( H1N1 ) strains from both 1947 and 1957 .
This finding suggested that the 1977 outbreak strain had been preserved since 1950 .
The re-emergence was probably an accidental release from a laboratory source , " according to the study published in The New England Journal of Medicine .
Shanta Zimmer and Donald Burke from the University of Pittsburgh in Pennsylvania said that influenza " A " ( H1N1 ) disappeared completely from humans after a pandemic of another strain of flu in 1957 .
H1N1 was not detected in annual surveillance until an outbreak of H1N1 swine flu in January 1976 at a US Army base in Fort Dix , New Jersey .
This outbreak affected 230 military personnel , killing one person , but it was successfully contained and was almost certainly caused by the direct transmission of swine flu from pigs .
Nevertheless , the global anxiety caused by the Fort Dix outbreak led to a surge in research into H1N1 around the world , with experiments on frozen samples of the virus stored in labs since the 1950s , Dr Zimmer said .
" I would imagine that most labs researching into influenza would have had the 1950s strain .
We cannot actually pinpoint which lab had it or accidentally released it , but the re-emergence of H1N1 in 1977 made it potentially a man-made pandemic , " she said .
" It 's a reminder that we need to be continually vigilant in terms of laboratory procedures .
The identical virus in the current pandemic would not have occurred because a component of it comes from the H1N1 strain of 1977 – but it does n't mean to say that we would n't have had another one causing a pandemic , " she added .
One of the most likely routes for the release of the 1950s virus is that laboratory workers became infected accidentally and then infected families and friends , Dr Zimmer explained .
After the 1977 pandemic , the H1N1 strain of flu re-appeared annually as seasonal flu but this year it underwent a radical genetic change to become another pandemic strain .
Professor John Oxford of the Royal London Hospital said that the accidental release of the 1950s strain of H1N1 in 1977 is entirely plausible , but it may have been a good thing as it would have given many older people alive today some measure of immunity to the current pandemic .
" We can look upon it now as a stroke of good luck , " he said .
ゲームの作り方とアルゴリズムをジャンル別にまとめてみました。ゲーム制作や、プログラミングの勉強用にご活用ください。言語別ゲームプログラミング制作講座一覧もあわせてお読みください。
リンク切れがおきていたものは、URLを表示しておくので、Internet Archiveなどでキャッシュを表示させてみてください。
アクションゲー ム TonyuアクションRPG
アクションゲーム、アクションRPGの作り方とアルゴリズム マリオのジャンプ実装法 とVerlet積分 キャラクターがジャンプした時の放物線運動の計算
WASHINGTON --
The Barack Obama administration has concluded that North Korean leader Kim Jong
Il , still recovering from an August stroke , has initiated a political transition inside his reclusive state in which his brother - in - law and third son are emerging as key players in a newly assertive power structure .
This political shift in Pyongyang , senior U.S. officials say , has contributed to North Korea practicing an increasingly aggressive foreign policy .
North Korea withdrew from diplomacy aimed at ending its nuclear - weapons ...
Wall Diving in The Bahamas
The Great Lucaya or Grand Bahama Wall
Lyford Cay Wal l
Southwest Wall
The Andros Wall
The Bimini Wall
The Exuma Wall
Chub Cay Wall
Riding Rock Wall
Conception Island Wall
Diving the Blue Holes
The Great Blue Hole is located in the Light House Reef and lies 60 miles from the Island of Belize .
In 1997 it was designated as a World Heritage site .
Found on both land and in the ocean throughout the Bahamas are deep circular cavities known as Blue Holes which are often the entrances to cave networks , some of them up to 14 kilometres in length .
Divers have reported a vast number of aquatic creatures some of which are still new to science .
In addition , they ’ve recorded chambers filled with stalactites and stalagmites which only form in dry caves .
For the explorers this was proof that at one time , nearly 65,000 years ago , when the world was in the grip of the last major ice age , the sea level of the Bahamas was up to 150 metres lower than it is today .
Over time the limestone of the islands was eroded by water and vast cave networks created .
When sea levels rose again about 10,000 years ago some of these collapsed inwards land the Blue Holes were formed ... Walls and blue holes are simultaneously special , and widespread , dive experiences in The Bahamas .
Walls , the most generally dramatic expression of the coral reef , will at times plummet directly into the great trenches , thousands of feet deep , that line the archipelago .
Blue holes , while not exclusively a phenomenon of The Bahamas , are found here in a greater number than anywhere on earth .
And , The Bahamas has the only known tidal blue holes in the world .
Together , the walls and blue holes turn The Bahamas dive experience on its side .
Blue holes are a phenomenon created during several ice ages , when sea levels were 400 feet lower and The Bahamas was a great exposed limestone platform .
Centuries of acidic rain water etched into the vast bank , creating circular depressions and other magnificent formations .
Today , most blue holes are located in shallow water on the Great and Little Bahama Banks , while others are inland pools .
Walls are found throughout The Bahamas and their profiles range from those that end at sand bottoms 60 to 100 feet deep , to seemingly infinite vertical descents .
It is along these escarpments of the deep reef that the majesty of coral spires and the magnificence of sponges is fully realized .
Seafans , bryozoans , seawhips and Black Coral mix and mingle with the sponges , creating a garden carpet of life .
More color and the addition of motion is provided from solitary and schooling reef fish .
Every wall is similar , yet different : Profile , shape , size and predominant colors vary from site to site .
The following walls are among the most stunning , popular and accessible in The Bahamas :
The southern coast of Grand Bahama Island is lined with a continuous fringing reef and drop - off with hundreds of wall sites featuring caves , caverns and swim - throughs .
The top of the wall usually begins in about 80 feet of water .
Off the northwest coast of New Providence Island ( Nassau ) is a famed coral cliff beginning in 35 feet of water .
Facing the Tongue of the Ocean on the New Providence side is a coral canyon several miles in length .
The area adjacent to the popular shark dive sites is particularly colorful , with many sponge decorated pinnacles protruding from the wall .
The “ greatest of all Bahama walls ” is found at Andros , the largest island in the chain .
The Andros Wall offers uncountable sites that display mountains and canyons of every shape and size .
From the Biminis southward is a nearly continuous wall facing the Gulf Stream .
The North Bimini Wall is just south of the entrance channel to North Bimini and begins in 120 feet of water .
This is generally a drift dive for very experienced divers .
To the south are numerous walls , such as those at South Cat Cay Wall , Victory Cays Drop - off and Riding Rock Wall — all of these are fish filled spectacles that begin in 30 to 90 feet .
Directly off Highbourne Cay is a drop - off that faces the Exuma Sound .
This is a vertical wall , 75 feet deep .
A continuous drop - off runs from the southwest tip of Chub Cay to Whale Cay , in the Berry Islands .
These sites offer a variety of wall formations .
Dozens of popular wall sites are located along the western coast to the southern tip of San Salvador Island in the south - central Bahamas .
Here is one of the most dramatic and colorful walls in all of the archipelago .
The wall begins in 45 to 60 feet of water , its entire length decorated with spectacular sponge and coral formations .
Blue holes that are accessible to divers are sprinkled throughout The Bahamas .
Some are cavern diving experiences and others are mile - long labyrinths , off limits to sport divers .
Access to blue hole diving varies ; some are controlled and monitored by the Bahamas National Trust .
Entry to others is policed by local organizations .
Although some unique organisms are found in blue holes , the attraction here is chiefly geological — experiencing a spectacular visual realm seldom seen by other human beings .
The greatest concentration of blue holes is found both inland and in the shallows of Andros Island , where more than 50 blue holes have been recorded .
Other concentrations of blue holes occur on and off Grand Bahama Island ( Ben ’s Cavern , for example ) , the Exumas and Eleuthera .
One of the world ’s deepest blue holes is located off Long Island and is surrounded on three sides by land .
A few well - known blue holes are located off Nassau , the Biminis and scattered throughout the Out Islands .
Lawmaker Criticizes ``Schindler 's List ''
Airing Wednesday , February 26 , 1997
Rep .
Tom Coburn of Oklahoma , was quoted in a release put out by his office as saying the airing of the highly acclaimed film took network television ``to an all - time low , with full frontal nudity , violence and profanity being shown in our homes . ''
His criticism brought a response from Sen Alfonse D'Aamto , a New York Republican , who told the Senate Coburn 's statement was ``shocking . ''
`` To equate the nudity of the Holocaust victims in the concentration camp with any sexual connotations is outrageous and offensive , '' D'Amato said .
``I just wonder if Congressman Coburn is aware that there was a Holocaust , that millions of people died and it's not something anybody should ever forget , '' NBC West Coast president Don Olhmeyer was quoted as saying in Variety , an entertainment industry trade paper .
``NBC is extremely proud of its presentation of this unique award - winning film , '' he said .
`` We think that Congressman Coburn 's statement should send a chill through every intelligent and fair - minded person in America . ''
The broadcast was viewed by 65 million people , more than twice the number who saw it in movie threatres .
Coburn , co-chairman of the Congressional Family Caucus , said that while the film was given a rating for mature adult audiences , ``the fact that it aired on public television on a Sunday evening during a family time should outrage parents and decent - minded individuals everywhere . ''
He added : ``I cringe when I realize that there were children all across this nation watching this program .
They were exposed to the violence of multiple gunshot head wounds , vile language , full frontal nudity and irresponsible sexual activity .
`` It simply should not have been allowed on public television . ''
Coburn said the airing of the movie demonstrated that the new TV rating system ``only encourages more sex and violence . ''
In contrast , Federal Communications Commission Chairman Reed Hundt , addressing the National Association of Broadcasters on Monday , said : ``NBC 's uninterrupted broadcast of ' Schindler 's List ' last night showed us again the power and glory of broadcast TV . ''
� Reuters Ltd. All rights reserved .
...AND THATS WHEN HE REALIZED THAT THE TOY WAS WAAAAY OVER THERE ...
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
I 'm transcribing what Keith Olbermann said from my DVR , and will post the remainder when done , but this is the key part , where he suggests how we can all participate :
So , what to do ?
Viewer boycotts mean little .
You are already here .
You are not watching Fox News Channel .
Advertiser Boycotts are of limited value .
Most make barely a dent in a company .
Besides which in this economy , an advertiser that found its sales boosted by association with malaria would start breading mosquitoes .
If there is a solution , it is perhaps an indirect boycott .
It is probably your experience , as it has been mine , that stores , bars , restaurants , waiting rooms , often show Fox News on their televisions .
Do n't write a letter .
Do n't make a threat .
Just get up and explain if they will not change the channel , leave the place , and say calmly why it is you are taking your business elsewhere .
As soon as MSNBC posts the video I will add a link .
I think this is a powerful way we can all do our part !
What do you think ?
I know it works because I remember reading a wonderful diary here last year by somebody who succeeded in having Fox News turned off the television in his company 's break room .
Are you on board ?
Update :
Here 's what followed the paragraph above , that darthstar mentions in the first comment of this diary :
If you know a viewer of that channel , show them this tape , or just the tape of the attacks on Doctor Tiller that set the stage for his assassination .
Fox News Channel will never restrain itself from incitement to murder and terrorism .
Not until its profits begin to decline ; when its growth stops .
So , not so much a boycott here as a quarantine .
Because this has got to stop .
That I have a commercial conflict of interest here is obvious , so I 'll make the first symbolic contribution to this quarantine .
One of my pleasures , obviously , is constantly criticizing him in that Ted Baxter voice .
It is the idea of laughter as a social sanction against inflexible behavior .
But this is no time for laughter .
This is serious .
Serious as death .
Serious as George Tiller 's death .
So as of this show 's end I will retire the name , the photograph and the caricature .
The words may still be quoted in the future as developments dictate , but the goal here is to get this blindly irresponsible man and his ilk off the air .
We are only in the television news business , a profession that is at times about two inches up from carnival barking .
We must again separate it , television , from terrorism !
And we must again make the world safe for people condemned by the Fox News Channel .
Update 2 : The video is now available at MSNBC : Olbermann : Fox News ' Killer Complicity .
MSNBC uses iframes , so I can't embed the video here , but thanks to Scarce in the comments it is already up on YouTube , where hopefully it will get millions of views :
Update 3 : As secret38b brought up in the comments , following Countdown with Keith Olbermann , Rachel Maddow had a powerful interview with Frank Schaeffer , which you can catch online at MSNBC .
( Sorry , I can't find a Youtube of this to embed . )
The interview was a follow - up to Mr. Schaeffer 's post at Huffington Post this afternoon , apologizing for inciting hate in his past :
My late father and I share the blame ( with many others ) for the murder of Dr. George Tiller the abortion doctor gunned down on Sunday .
Until I got out of the religious right ( in the mid-1980s ) and repented of my former hate - filled rhetoric I was both a leader of the so - called pro-life movement and a part of a Republican Party hate machine masquerading as the moral conscience of America . ( snip )
The same hate machine I was part of is still attacking all abortionists as " murderers . "
And today once again the " pro-life " leaders are busy ducking their personal responsibility for people acting on their words .
The people who stir up the fringe never take responsibility .
But I 'd like to say on this day after a man was murdered in cold blood for preforming abortions that I -- and the people I worked with in the religious right , the Republican Party , the pro-life movement and the Roman Catholic Church , all contributed to this killing by our foolish and incendiary words .
I am very sorry .
How I ( and Other " Pro-Life " Leaders ) Contributed to Dr. Tiller 's Murder
Keith Olbermann is correct .
Fox News Channel gives people a platform to incite hate that result in terrorist acts .
All this fear and hate stoking produces other consequences that are not reported on the 24/7 news .
A case in point , this comment posted here :
Ironically , I forced myself to watch Bill / Hannity Just to see how they would respond .
I can't find the words to express the outrage , fury and disgust I feel for these people and their supporters .
I will happily pledge to adhere to the diarist 's request .
This channel is so blatantly hateful - it's bash Obama and those evil libruls 24/ 7 .
So many lies - it 's breathtaking .
My husband is obsessed / possessed by right wing BS that he has IMHO become delusional - seriously .
This has been building since Clinton 's days and his time in a car listening to Radio HATE .
The verbal abuse I 've received as a result has finally reached maximum impact - I 'm out of here .
I wish I could make these people understand that they affect real people , with real lives , and that there are consequences , however , it would no doubt be like arguing with a barb wire fence .
They should be glad that I personally do not feel that murdering those with whom I do not agree is an act of heroism .
by smythy on Mon Jun 01 , 2009 at 09:52:28 PM EDT
The large crowds that we witnessed last week in Tehran may have subsided for now , but the uneasy calm is misleading .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The Iranian regime - which increasingly implies Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , a turbaned Shah with a medieval mindset - has not left itself much room to maneuver .
Khamenei strongly supported President Ahmadinejad ’s bid for reelection , referred to his “ victory ” as a “ divine blessing , ” and denounced allegations of fraud .
Despite the popular outcry , Khamenei is unlikely to cede ground , believing that compromise projects weakness and could embolden the opposition and the population .
The Guardian Council — an important governmental organ which Khamenei has at his disposal — said Friday that allegations of election fraud by the opposition had proved groundless .
“ After ten days of examination we did not see any major irregularities , ” said spokesperson Abbasali Kadkhodai , quite predictably .
“ I can say with certainty that there was no fraud in the election . ”
In order to enforce Khamenei ’s edicts , the regime ’s shock troops will continue to have full authorization to use force , and the more radical elements of the Bassij militia - kind of a cross between the Hell ’s Angels and Al - Qaeda - continue to do so with great enthusiasm .
What ’s significant , however , is that Khamenei ’s normally trusted servants have begun publicly expressing their misgivings about an election result which privately left many of them simmering .
Ali Larijani , the powerful speaker of the parliament , declared that opposition leader Mir Hossein Mousavi should be given a chance to voice his views on official state TV .
The popular mayor of Tehran , former Revolutionary Guard commander and Ahmadinejad foe Mohammed Bagher Ghalibaf , has asked that people be allowed to protest peacefully .
And though the conservative Iranian parliament was invited to attend a celebration for Ahmadinejad ’s victory , only 105 of 280 MPs bothered to show up .
This is not to mention the sense of outrage and injustice among the opposition , as well as wide swaths of Iranian society , which is unlikely to subside anytime soon .
On the contrary , the regime ’s indiscriminate use of violence - graphic videos show how women , the elderly , and even children have been targeted - has only further eroded people ’s respect for the government .
The scale of the demonstrations has decreased , given the regime ’s use of overwhelming force and its ability to limit people ’s movements in Tehran - a sprawling city not unlike Los Angeles - preventing large masses from gathering in the same place .
The crackdown has moved the opposition into a new phase .
Instead of mass rallies , they are now focusing on civil disobedience , including strikes among merchants ( bazaaris ) , laborers , and key arteries of the Iranian economy ( like the petroleum industry and oil ministry ) .
So far , these strikes have seemingly failed to pick up steam , given that much of the opposition is either in prison , under house arrest , or unable to communicate .
But in suppressing the opposition , the regime has been forced to show its true colors .
Making predictions about Iranian politics has always been a fool ’s errand , but suffice it to say , the future of the Islamic Republic as we know it has never appeared more tenuous .
The author is an Iran analyst at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace
This is not butter butter
Comments
There are no comments added yet .
Add the first yourself !
Activist Accused of “ Advocating Literature and Materials Which Advocate Anarchy ”
Hugh Farrell and Gina â€ œTigaâ€ Wertz have their first court date on July 14th : they ’ve been charged with racketeering - â€“ charges originally intended to target the mobâ€ “ - for allegedly â€ œconspiringâ€ to engage in tree sits , participate in non-violent civil disobedience , and make an inflammatory blog post against the I - 69 NAFTA superhighway .
When I reported on their arrest , though , I did n’t catch an interesting bit of information buried in the government ’s motion for $ 20,000 cash bond .
Mind you , these activists are not accused of any property destruction or violence , they ’re accused of “ conspiracy . ”
So how did the government attempt to justify the high cash bond ?
According to Farrell ’s motion for bond :
“ The defendant has been observed advocating literature and materials which advocate anarchy , property destruction and violence , including ‘ Ecodefense : A Field Guide to Monkeywrenching ’ or ‘ Recipes for Disaster : An Anarchist Cookbook . ' ”
In many ways , this is nothing new : the demonization of anarchists has existed as long as the term itself .
But this is dangerous territory for a few reasons :
ST .
LOUIS -
In a multi-center trial led by a Saint Louis University researcher , investigators found that a new combination therapy of daily consensus interferon and ribavirin helps some hepatitis C patients who have not responded to previous treatment .
The findings , published in the June issue of Hepatology , offer a new option for hepatitis C patients , and may be effective even for those patients with factors that make their condition difficult to treat .
" This represents an important advance for difficult to treat hepatitis C patients who have failed to respond to traditional therapy , " said Bruce Bacon , M.D. , director of the division of gastroenterology and hepatology at Saint Louis University School of Medicine and co-director of the Saint Louis University Liver Center .
About 4 million people in the U.S. have been infected with hepatitis C ; an estimated 10,000 to 12,000 people die from complications each year in this country .
Hepatitis C is caused by a virus , transmitted by contact with blood , and may initially be asymptomatic .
For patients who develop chronic hepatitis C infection , inflammation of the liver may develop , leading to fibrosis and cirrhosis ( scarring of the liver ) , as well as other complications including liver cancer and death .
For patients with chronic hepatitis C , the prognosis varies .
About half fully recover after an initial course of pegylated interferon and ribavirin anti-viral therapy that may last from six months to a year .
The remaining patients , known as non-responders , may improve but the virus is not eliminated .
These patients are at greatest risk for worsening , and subsequent treatments have shown limited effectiveness for this group .
In addition , those with genotype 1 ( a particular genetic variation of the virus ) , those with high baseline virus levels , those with advanced liver disease and African American patients are all less likely to respond well to treatment .
The study looked at 515 patients at 44 different sites .
Patients were given either one of two doses of daily consensus interferon and ribavirin , or no treatment .
For patients with less severe liver damage who had shown some response to initial treatment , the success rate was above 30 percent .
The overall results showed that , for patients who had been unresponsive to initial treatment , consensus interferon and ribavirin worked for about 7 percent of patients given the lower dose and about 11 percent of patients given the higher dose of consensus interferon and ribavirin .
" This study shows that select patients who have failed to respond to prior therapy are candidates for retreatment with consensus interferon and ribavirin , " Bacon said .
###
The study , Daily - Dose Consensus Interferon and Ribavirin : Efficacy of Combined Therapy ( DIRECT ) was funded by Valeant Pharmaceuticals and 3 Rivers Pharmaceuticals .
Established in 1836 , Saint Louis University School of Medicine has the distinction of awarding the first medical degree west of the Mississippi River .
The school educates physicians and biomedical scientists , conducts medical research , and provides health care on a local , national and international level .
Research at the school seeks new cures and treatments in five key areas : cancer , liver disease , heart / lung disease , aging and brain disease , and infectious disease .
Dubai , jewel in Israel ’s sales crown
With the exception of Egypt , all Arab states officially boycott Israel , blacklist Israeli companies and ban imports of Israeli products .
The same countries frequently lead the voices calling for sanctions against Israel .
But sometimes life gets in the way .
Just a few weeks after the world financial crisis broke , a super - luxury hotel , the Atlantis , opened its doors in Dubai in the United Arab Emirates .
The French chatter website LePost. fr of 21 November 2008 trumpeted the headline : “ 2000 stars at the inauguration of Dubai ’s Atlantis Hotel ” .
It wrote :
“ Dubai , Dubai , Dubai !
Arab princes , flying carpets , oil , dollars … and the Atlantis Hotel !
An extraordinary palace , which cost more than $ 1.9bn to create , celebrated its opening yesterday in high style .
“ This little junket cost a trifling $ 38 m !
That ’s what it took to tell the entire world about the arrival of a luxury hotel which sees itself as the planet ’s most incredible palace , with its giant in - house aquarium …
“ The Atlantis is at the heart of Dubai ’s Palm Island , an artificial island built in the shape of a palm tree .
The world ’s greatest architects and designers worked on the Pharaonic project . ”
Like the hotel itself , the event bore all the hallmarks of mad money climaxing a spendthrift era .
You need only to walk down its vast corridors , as I did earlier this month , to realise just how foolish an exercise this is , what bad taste it represents , and of course that it ’s very empty .
The expected tourists vanished with the crisis .
The corridors bulge with luxury boutiques , the sort of shops which sell priceless clothes and diamond jewels .
One of them is called Levant .
Its display cases promote Leviev diamonds , as shown in this photograph .
But just who is Leviev ?
Abe Hayeem , who is from Bombay , of Iraqi Jewish origin , knows .
He wrote an article headlined “ Boycott this Israeli settlement builder ” in The Guardian of 28 April 2009 .
Hayeem points out that the British Foreign Office decided to cancel its rental contract for the British Embassy in Tel Aviv because the building was owned by Leviev .
Far from only selling diamonds , Leviev is busy inside the occupied territories , principally constructing a road which links the illegal settler colony of Zufim , which he owns , to Israel – part of the ongoing process of confiscating Palestinian land .
His company is also active in Bil ’in where , on 17 April , the Israeli army killed a peaceful protestor , Bassem Abu Rahmeh , 29 .
This same company now has two boutique outlets in Dubai .
Their presence in the UAE has raised eyebrows .
On 30 April 2008 an article by Abbas al - Lawati in Gulf News , the English - language daily , headed “ Israeli jeweller has no trade licence to open shop in Dubai ” , quoted a top official denying that the UAE had ever granted Leviev a licence and saying that if an application came it would be rejected .
Gulf News followed up the story on several occasions , including one report of demos against Leviev , “ Call to boycott Israeli jeweller ” on 14 December 2008 , also by al - Lawati .
During the Dubai Arab Media Forum meeting I attended in May I raised the issue with journalists from various Arabic - language dailies .
They told me they were not allowed to reply to such questions .
At a time when Israel violates with impunity all the UN Security Council resolutions , a growing movement calls for sanctions , boycotts and disinvestment ( withdrawing overseas investment from Israel and the occupied territories ) .
It ’s similar to the French campaign against Alstom and Veolia for their role in a tram project in occupied Jerusalem “ Tramway à Jérusalem , mensonge à Paris ” , 24 October 2007 .
It ’s astounding , in the circumstances , that Arab countries collaborate with the very same companies which operate in the occupied territories .
France ’s trade minister Christine Lagarde visited Saudi Arabia in mid-May principally to promote the bid by Alstom and the SNCF for a TGV - type fast rail link between Mecca and Media .
One must hope that the Saudi authorities make it a condition of any agreement that Alstom backs out of the Jerusalem tram project .
Church of Scientology facing dissolution in France as members go on trial accused of organised fraud
The Church of Scientology is facing dissolution in France after members went on trial yesterday on charges of organised fraud .
Registered as a religion in the United States , with celebrity members such as actors Tom Cruise and John Travolta , Scientology enjoys no such legal protection in France and has faced repeated accusations of being a money - making cult .
The group 's Paris headquarters and bookshop are defendants in the case .
If found guilty , they could be fined €5 million and ordered to halt their activities in France .
Accused :
The group 's Paris headquarters and bookshop are defendants in the case and could be fined € 5 million if they are found guilty of charges of organised fraud
Seven leading French Scientology members are also in the dock .
Some are charged with illegally practising as pharmacists and face up to 10 years in prison and hefty fines .
The case centres on a complaint made in 1998 by a woman who said she was enrolled into Scientology after members approached her in the street and persuaded her to do a personality test .
In the following months , she paid more than € 21,000 for books , ' purification packs ' of vitamins , sauna sessions and an ' e - meter ' to measure her spiritual progress , she said .
Fan : Actor Tom Cruise is a big supporter of Scientology
Other complaints then surfaced .
The five original plaintiffs - three of whom withdrew after reaching a financial settlement with the Church of Scientology - said they spent up to hundreds of thousands of euros on similar tests and ' cures ' .
They told investigators that Scientology members harassed them with phone calls and nightly visits to cajole them into paying their bills or taking out bank loans .
The plaintiffs were described as ' vulnerable ' by psychological experts in the case .
' For each person who complains we have 100,000 ready to say nothing but good things about scientology , ' Agnes Bron , an official of the French organization , said before the trial , which is expected to last until June 17 .
Investigating judge Jean - Christophe Hullin spent years examining the group 's activities , and in his indictment criticized practices he said were aimed at extracting large sums of money from members and plunging them into a ' state of subjection ' .
The investigator questioned what he called the Scientologists ' ' obsession ' with financial gain , and the group 's practice of selling vitamins , leading to the charge of ' acting illegally as a pharmacy ' .
Patrick Maisonneuve , lawyer for the Church of Scientology in France , dismissed any organized fraud , although he acknowledged there could have been individual abuses .
' The discovery of a paedophile priest does not allow us to question the entire Catholic Church , ' he was quoted as saying in the weekly L'Express magazine ahead of the trial opening .
Presiding Judge Sophie - Helene Chateau said the job of the court was ' to find whether the acts in question constitute a crime .
...
It is not up to the court to decide questions of society . '
Scientology , founded in 1954 by science fiction writer L. Ron Hubbard , describes the ' e - meter ' as a religious artefact that helps the user and supervisor locate spiritual distress .
Investigators have described the machine as useless and said vitamin cures handed out by Church members were medication that should not have been freely sold .
Judge Jean - Christophe Hullin ruled last year that the offices and members , including the group 's 60 - year - old French head , Alain Rosenberg , should be tried .
The public prosecutor had recommended the case be shelved .
In a trial that has revived a debate about religious freedom in secular France , the defence is expected to argue the court should not intervene in religious affairs .
Scientology has faced numerous setbacks in France , with members convicted of fraud in Lyon in 1997 and Marseille in 1999 .
In 2002 , a court fined it for violating privacy laws and said it could be dissolved if involved in similar cases .
The headquarters and bookshop account for most of the group 's activities in France and a guilty verdict would in practice mean its dissolution , although it is unclear whether it could still open other branches in the future .
The old men hold dice .
White , simple , well - worn dice , the kind you ’d find in a Monopoly game .
Around them , the world is in turmoil .
‘ Drought , famine , war .
People are desperate , ’ says the man at the head of the table .
‘ Everything is chaos .
Everything is on fire . ’
A clamor surrounds them :
Ten tables with so many people there ’s barely room to stand are littered with glittering dice , a flotsam of pop and chips , and metal figures swinging tiny swords and axes .
The largest gaming store in the Twin Cities , The Source in Falcon Heights , is packed on a warm , sunny Saturday for a run -of - the - mill Dungeons & Dragons event .
But the corner table where the men sit is almost barren .
No multicolored laminated stands .
No metal figures … well , maybe one or two .
And a small plastic castle , bought in a model railroad supply store sometime in the late 1960s .
“ What edition are they using ? ” whispers a youngster at an adjacent table .
They ’re using simple rules , as they have since the game was published , swept the world , went through four editions and made millions .
Before that , even .
“ Who are they ? ” asks the youngster , Tyler Swanson , 23 , of River Falls , Wis .
The first in the world , many say , to play Dungeons & Dragons .
The head of the group clears his throat .
“ The king is dead , ” says Bob Meyer , 59 , of St. Anthony Village .
Heads nod .
Their good friend , DD co-creator and St. Paul native David Arneson , died in March — the one who sat them down in his St. Paul basement in the early summer of 1970 and showed them they did n’t have to keep being so realistic all the time .
Since then , this same group has been meeting at least once a year , on a quest that has yet to falter .
Last winter , the last time they got together , Arneson sat at the head of the table .
Arneson ’s daughter , Malia Weinhagen , of St. Paul , stands on one side , glancing at the dozens of others in the room — teens and college kids , mostly , arguing over who will kill the next orc — then back at the table in the corner .
“ I love how old - school this is , ” she says .
And yet similar .
“ The land is filled with barbarians : brutal half - men from the wilds , ” Meyer adds .
“ We ’ll blend right in , ” says David Wesely , 64 , one of the oldest in the group .
A NEW REALITY
As a student of physics at Hamline University in 1964 , Wesely was the first of a group of college and high school kids to meet up with some paraphernalia collectors in St. Paul .
The older gentlemen , mostly Korean War vets , had homes littered with hand - carved model airplanes you could n’t buy kits for anymore .
Ship models , trains , toy soldiers — all adorned with authentic , elaborate paint jobs .
They were historians , crazy about minutiae , looking up facts like the rate of fire of 11 - inch Deutschland guns or the exact shade of an army tunic .
Other young men joined up and began playing board games , war games , guiding brigades of metal figurines through historical heroics .
It got demanding .
One member of the group , Bill Hoyt , remembers a Saturday night in some St. Paul basement where two armies of tiny figurines were monotonously maneuvered across a large table .
The game began at 10 p.m .
Eight hours later , the armies finally met .
“ Now we ’re going to see some action ! ” Hoyt anticipated , as sunlight seeped through the windows .
Wesely left the group for graduate school — and after that the Army — but stayed in touch with one of the younger group members , David Arneson , whom he ’d befriended , then almost killed in a fencing incident at Hamline .
Arneson had a knack for envisioning conflict .
In many cases , he drew up the battlefields the miniatures fought upon and kept his friends interested enough to stay awake until the birds started chirping .
Arneson became famous in the group by creating an elaborate historical scenario , where everyone was an emperor or king during the time of Napoleon .
Naturally , people fought .
From afar , Wesely ruled Holland and sent his troop movements to Arneson by mail .
In one of the letters to Wesely ’s Army base , Arneson told him about a new game in a land called “ Blackmoor . ”
You would n’t find it on a map .
Oh , and also , it was populated with elves and dwarves and . …
“ I do n’t know what that guy is doing back there , ” Wesely thought , flummoxed by the ludicrousness of it all .
“ This is really weird — I ’m going back to being the king of Holland . ”
Seriously , at least with the historical games , Wesely said , “ I thought I was going to make a significant educational contribution about social structures .
“ You put the elves in there , that destroys all that . ”
But when Wesely returned to St. Paul , he descended into Arneson ’s basement in St. Paul ’s Highland Park neighborhood , to find a small plastic castle set up on a pingpong table .
It was the time of J.R.R. Tolkien .
His “ Lord of the Rings ” books were gaining popularity .
Conan the Barbarian was going strong .
But also , Arneson had just snapped .
All the minutiae — the obsessive gamers coming to him with obscure historical texts about the firing rate and manufacture of 100 - year - old rifles and cannons — had created an overbearing , rigid realism he could no longer abide .
They were there to have fun , for God ’s sakes .
He needed a land with no rules — where anything was possible .
He bought a castle and said :
This is your new battlefield .
Your new reality .
Wesely sat down and played — first as himself , an Army lieutenant cast into Arneson ’s fantasy world like a Connecticut Yankee .
Then he rescued an elf princess .
His next character was his own half - elf son .
“ I ’m thinking I ’m never going to tell anybody I was in this game , this is so childish , ” said Wesely , now a software engineer at Medtronic .
WIZARD OF THE WOODS
An hour has passed at The Source , and the game is picking up .
After an age - old argument over who will lead the group , the man sitting next to Wesely loses .
He has to lead .
Ross Maker , 62 , of St. Paul , takes point and turns a dark corner in the dungeon , with Wesely behind him .
Two brutish monsters are there to greet them .
“ How big are they ? ” Maker asks .
“ One ’s runty ; one ’s big , ” Meyer says .
Maker looks around anxiously .
“ I ’ll take the big one , ” Wesely says .
When Arneson was told April 1 that he was not responding to cancer treatments and needed to pursue hospice , he had two people over to his daughter ’s St. Paul home to “ game ” that night : Maker and Wesely .
In third grade , Maker played naval battles in the back yard of his Shoreview home with rules he wrote himself .
He would explain to other third - graders that a ship with 11 - inch guns would do this or that amount of damage .
He first learned to read out of his father ’s B - 17 pilot ’s manual — words like “ aileron , ” a section of a plane ’s wing .
When he and Wesely get together , their wives sometimes forbid them from talking about anything historical .
On a long car ride , for instance .
Maker met his wife , Shelly , at a singles mixer at the Radisson in Minneapolis .
He gave her a card .
“ You ’ll never know when you ’ll need a 10th level dwarf hero around , ” it said .
“ I sat on that card for a week , ” Shelly Maker said .
But a few in the group found spouses that could cope with their … habits .
“ I was probably one of the few wives that did n’t care , ” said Gail Gaylord , whose husband , Peter , 66 , was arguably the role - playing world ’s first wizard .
Gail would sit with Wesely ’s mother and talk about cooking and sewing while “ the boys ” descended into the basement .
“ At least I knew where he was , ” Gail Gaylord said .
For much of his life , Peter Gaylord worked the night shift at the downtown St. Paul post office .
He started gaming with Arneson while living in a triangular Arden Hills trailer park whose borders were three busy highways : U.S. 10 , Interstate 35 W and County Road 96 .
He wanted badly to be a wizard .
Arneson told him to go for it , and the man , whose daily life included the constant clamor of the freeway , became the “ Wizard of the Woods , ” with a hut in a serene forest protected by a pet dragon , Tuffy .
“ I named him after my cat , ” Gaylord said .
Now , his house in Maplewood has hosted generations of gamers : family and friends from the neighborhood , sometimes fathers and sons .
For decades , Gaylord proudly touts , a week has n’t gone by without dice clattering in the basement .
Every six months or so , he stuffs a dozen Hefty garbage bags full of pop and beer cans into his car and hauls them away to recycling .
A GAME THAT SHAPED LIVES
Three hours have passed at The Source , and the storyteller , Meyer , exhales wearily .
By now , everyone has chopped off a few orc heads .
Things wind down enough for some reflection .
Meyer engages in some “ in my day ” talk about Dungeons & Dragons , looking around at all the young whippersnappers in the room .
“ Nowadays you have guys with +6 holy swords and mithril armor and Holly the Wonder Horse ( all good things ) .
If we were lucky , we had a +1 sword , ” Meyer says .
“ If we saw a Balrog back then , we ran !
It was that simple .
These people see a Balrog , they ’ll say no problem . ”
Alan Musielewicz , 64 , of St. Paul , joins in , nodding at the thick books and paraphernalia that make up modern , refined DD .
“ There ’s too many rules . … I do n’t have time to read more than 12 pages of rules .
I fall asleep .
And when I wake up , I ’ve forgot ’em . ”
Many in the group have fallen out .
One core player , recently laid off , said he was “ losing all interest in all things gaming and Dungeons & Dragons . ”
Years ago , even Meyer — the game master — sold his old collection of 150 or so gaming books on eBay .
He did n’t keep a tally of his earnings , but it definitely fetched “ a lot . ”
Others “ have gone to the great castle in the sky , ” Gaylord adds .
But once a year , at least , the Blackmoor campaign goes on .
A few more orcs lose their heads .
An occasional maiden is rescued .
A fistful of gold gained here and there .
“ Wow .
Just … oh wow , ” confides young Swanson at the next table , after learning the identities of the men in the corner .
“ These guys created a game that shaped my life . ”
And he watches until he ’s distracted by the commotion at the adjacent tables , filled with fresh young players on a warm , sunny Saturday .
Tad Vezner can be reached at 651-228-5461 .
Previous post The Longer You Stare | The Funnier It Gets [ PIC ]
This argument suggests the method and appeal of democratic constitutionalism .
While a Warren Court liberal might counsel the Supreme Court to leap ahead of public opinion and provide constitutional protections for gay marriage today , and while a minimalist might urge state and federal courts to wait until public opinion has shifted decisively , a democratic constitutionalist would embrace bold state court decisions but hold back at the federal level .
In tandem with gay - marriage activists , in other words , state courts can play a role in building a national consensus for gay marriage that the U.S. Supreme Court may eventually recognize , protect and enshrine in constitutional terms .
The democratic constitutionalists also offer a different historical account than do minimalists or Warren Court liberals of how constitutional rights have actually been expanded in the past — a history that parallels their own prescription for how constitutional rights ought to be expanded .
In a forthcoming book , “ The Will of the People , ” Barry Friedman , a law professor at New York University , tells the story of how the “ give - and - take between the courts and the people ” has shaped constitutional law from the founding fathers ’ era to the recent past and present .
Consider the example of women ’s equality .
As late as 1961 , Friedman notes , the Supreme Court held that the government was permitted to enforce traditional sex roles — excluding women from jury service , for example , on the grounds that “ woman is still regarded as the center of home and family life . ”
But of course the country ’s mood was shifting .
The new wave of feminism and the entry of women into the labor market were changing the popular understanding of women ’s equality .
In 1972 , Congress sent the Equal Rights Amendment to the states , and for a time ratification seemed likely .
In 1973 a plurality of the Supreme Court argued that sex discrimination was entitled to the same rigorous constitutional scrutiny as race discrimination .
But the E.R.A. was never ratified , and the Supreme Court did n’t go as far as the plurality suggested it might .
In 1976 , the court ruled that sex discrimination deserved only slightly less constitutional scrutiny than racial discrimination — a principle that even the E.R.A. ’s opponents claimed to accept .
To a Scalia - style strict constructionist , the Supreme Court decisions forbidding sex discrimination were presumably mistakes that should be at most grudgingly tolerated , because they clashed with the original meaning of the Constitution .
To a Clinton - era minimalist , the court was presumably wrong to leap ahead of popular understandings of women ’s rights and should have waited for the ratification of the E.R.A .
To a Warren Court liberal , the court presumably should have held in the early ’60s that race and sex discrimination were entitled to the same rigorous constitutional protection .
But to a democratic constitutionalist , the court was right to be cautious and bold at the same time — waiting until the E.R.A. was proposed but not waiting for its ratification , on the theory that the court ’s decisions could help push the country in a direction it was already moving and could help solidify the moral and legal cases for why sex discrimination was wrong .
For critics , the democratic constitutionalist ’s metaphor of “ dialogue ” is likely to seem vague and unsatisfying , a malleable abstraction that does n’t give a clear sense of which larger principles judges are supposed to honor , or when boldness is preferable to caution .
Conservatives will certainly charge that the new liberals are guilty of the same sins as the old liberals : urging judges to disguise their policy preferences with ad hoc legal “ principles . ”
The democratic constitutionalists respond that , although their method ca n’t be reduced to scientific precision , it ’s far more respectful of democratic debate — far more willing to let contested issues be solved by the political branches than by judges — than the leading liberal or conservative alternatives .
This summer , Obama will have a chance to appoint his first justice to the Supreme Court , and in the coming years , he may have the opportunity to appoint others .
How likely might his choices be to embrace democratic constitutionalism ?
Many possible candidates can be seen as sympathetic to this emerging school of thought .
His first nominee , Judge Sonia Sotomayor , as well as another judge often mentioned as a possible future candidate , Judge Diane Wood , have each publicly acknowledged that courts can shape progressive values by working as partners with legislatures and political activists .
In a 2004 lecture at New York University , “ Our 18th - Century Constitution in a 21st - Century World , ” Wood sounded very much like a democratic constitutionalist when she described the “ interactive process ” of constitutional change “ that occurs through dialogue among the Supreme Court , the lower courts , legal scholars and society at large . ”
Similarly , Sotomayor , whose past statements will now be heavily scrutinized , in a 1996 article that she co-wrote , based on a speech she herself gave at Suffolk University Law School in Boston , described “ the law as a dynamic system , ” arguing approvingly that “ change — sometimes radical change — can and does occur in a legal system that serves a society whose social policy itself changes . ”
Obama has said that he wants justices who understand that “ justice is n’t about some abstract legal theory or footnote in a casebook ; it is also about how our laws affect the daily realities of people ’s lives . ”
Perhaps he was saying that rather than define our rights in an ivory tower , the most successful justices recognize that their decisions are part of a dialogue with real people — starting at the grass - roots level .
Or perhaps Obama ’s constitutional vision is less fully developed than I ’ve suggested .
It ’s clear , though , that Obama is trying to impose not a hard - and - fast manifesto for judicial liberalism but a sensibility and a work in progress that seek to synthesize previous legal thinking into something cohesive and new .
If his nominees prove as ambitious as the president himself , they may well transform the shape of liberalism .
A common , but frequently unreported labor violation is the use of unpaid interns in violation of minimum wage and possibly overtime laws .
The scenario is fairly typical : a company offers an opportunity to ‘ break into the business ’ in exchange for the intern working for free .
You see many examples of this in the entertainment industry .
In fact , despite jobs sites such as Craigslist prohibiting the posting of unpaid “ internships , ” you can almost always find one posted .
Some companies try to get around the law by requiring that the internship be part of a college program .
However , there is no exception to the law allowed just because the “ intern ” may receive college credit .
While it might be possible for a college credit course to require some type of training for a company , the vast majority of these internships are in violation of Federal as well as California labor laws .
In order to qualify as an unpaid internship , the requirement is simple : no work can be performed that is of any benefit at all to the company .
That is , you can not deliver mail , sort files , file papers , organize a person ’s calendar , conduct market research , write reports , watch television shows and report on them , read scripts , schedule interviews , or any other job that assists the employer in any way in running their business .
Examples of internships that have been legal are where the job is a “ dummy ” job .
For example , there was a case of an internship for working on a train .
The company had the interns driving trains from one end of their yard to the other under close supervision .
The moving of the trains was completely unnecessary and was just being done to train the potential employees .
As such , no “ work ” was being performed , so the internship was legal .
On the other hand , if the workers were moving the trains as part of the regular re-positioning of the trains , but were still performing it under close supervision , they would be required to be paid for the work .
Thus , if in the entertainment industry , you read scripts that have already been read and rejected by the company and the company will not use your input in any way but is simply instructing you on how to read scripts , then they would not need to pay you for your time .
However , if you read the scripts and perform any work that is used by anyone in the company to make any type of decision about that script , then you must be paid for your time .
Another common type of unpaid internship is in martial arts schools that require students to teach classes in order to receive additional belts .
This practice is illegal unless the student is paid for the time .
Because the act of teaching a class is work that benefits the employer , it must be paid for .
The U.S. Department of Labor has outlined a list of criteria that ALL must be met in order for an internship to be unpaid .
The training , even though it includes actual operation of the facilities of the employer , is similar to that which would be given in a vocational school ;
The training is for the benefit of the trainee ;
The trainees do not displace regular employees , but work under close observation ;
The employer that provides the training derives no immediate advantage from the activities of the trainees and on occasion the employer ’s operations may actually be impeded ;
The trainees are not necessarily entitled to a job at the completion of the training period ; and The employer and the trainee understand that the trainees are not entitled to wages for the time spent in training .
From the above list , # 4 is really the key one – all the others will follow from whether the employer derives any immediate benefit from the activities .
The main reason that you do not see more lawsuits regarding unpaid internships is that the interns are very unlikely to sue .
In most cases , they fear being blacklisted , as they will undoubtedly need to use the internship as a reference to get any future work .
This is where California ’s Private Attorney General Act comes in .
Because this law allows anyone at the company to sue for labor violations , even if they themselves are not affected by the violation , it is now possible for these companies to be brought into compliance with the law .
If you work for a company that uses unpaid interns and would like to put an end to this illegal practice , you should consider bringing a Private Attorney General cause of action .
Of course , if the internship is work , not only minimum wage must be paid , but also California overtime ( 8 in a day / 40 in a week ) as well as meal and rest breaks .
After Colorado State Senator Greg Brophy announced that he wanted a vanity license plate that read ACLUSUX , the ACLU of Colorado Executive Director Cathryn Hazouri sent him a letter :
If you apply for that license and are refused , please contact the ACLU because we stand ready to represent you if you want to pursue your right to have that license plate .
. .
After all , censorship is censorship and the ACLU does n't draw any distinction between speech with which we agree and speech we may not like .
That would be content discrimination and would violate one of our major principles of protecting free speech . "
In the 1980s horror writer Garth Marenghi wrote , produced , directed and starred in Darkplace , a groundbreaking series set in a hospital and exploring the depths of the author 's imagination .
At least that 's what Marenghi and his publicist / co - star , Dean Learner , claim in modern - day interviews which both bookend and interrupt the episodes .
In fact the show is cheap , chiché'd , full of gaping plot holes and startlingly misogynist .
Garth Marenghi is a creation of comedian Matthew Holness , who won a Perrier award with the character at the 2001 Edinburgh festival .
Written by Richard Smeltzer
From the brief on Apple 's new concurrency framework , Grand Central Dispatch :
Blocks are a simple extension to C ( as well as Objective - C and C++ ) that make it easy for you to define self - contained units of work .
A block in code is denoted by a caret at the beginning of a function .
For example , you could declare a block and assign it to x by writing : x = ^{ printf ( " hello world
" ) ; } This turns the variable x into a way of calling the function so that calling x ( ) ; in the code would print the words hello world .
What ’s really powerful about blocks is that they enable you to wrap much more complex functions — as well as their arguments and data — in a way that can be easily passed around in a program , much as a variable can be easily referenced and passed .
Underneath this is a diagram showing that a block is like a function with some associated data .
I think I 've seen this idea before somewhere . :-)
Ah , but a closure by any other name would smell as sweet ...
You may have already graduated from college , but that does n't mean you have to stop learning .
For many people , taking advantage of open courseware can be a great way to build skills that can be applied directly to the workplace .
Whether you went to college before computers were prevalent , or ended up working a more technologically - focused field than you anticipated , these courses can help you learn about a myriad of technological topics .
General
These online courses cover a wide range of topics to help you get a well - rounded education in technology .
Communications Technology
Much of our communication these days takes place through technological means like mobile phones and email .
You can learn more how these work and how you can more effectively employ them in these courses .
Web Development
These courses cover everything from programming websites to learning how to create designs that are user friendly .
Social Visualization : Learn how to make virtual representations that track the visitors to any website through this course . [ MIT ]
Learn and Apply HTML :
As one of the most common web languages , HTML is an essential skill for anyone working on the net .
Learn more here . [ USU ]
Interactive Media Production : Through this class you 'll gain the skills and expertise to create a wide variety of animations in Flash 9 . [ USU ]
Fundamentals of Computational Media Design :
You 'll get hands on experience in working with a variety of media design tools in this course . [ MIT ]
Flash :
This course will teach you how to use Flash 8 to create a great project or build an awesome website .
[ USU ]
Designing Sociable Media : Learn how the design of social websites influences how people use them to interact , valuable skills and knowledge for those who want to use new media in any field .
[ MIT ]
Software Engineering for Web Applications :
This course will help you learn how to deal with the challenges that arise in designing software for the web . [ MIT ]
People - centered Design : Learn how to improve the design of your webpages and programs to better suit the needs and desires of your customers and users .
[ OpenLearn ]
Creating Home Pages on the World Wide Web : Check out this course to learn how you can create an internet home page to help your business or professional endeavor .
[ University of Minnesota ]
Computer Science
If you want to learn some of the basics of computer science and expand your knowledge of the field , these courses can help you along .
Programming
You can adapt or build almost any program to meet your needs when you know a little bit about programming .
Look through the materials in these courses to build some great basic skills .
Software Design
Whether you want to know how to design an app for the iPhone or want to make a career out of software design , these courses can give you the fundamentals .
Information Technology
IT is a growing career field and one that can offer a number of opportunities to those with the right skill set .
These courses can help you learn the basics and determine if it's the right career path for you .
Security
These courses can be useful for both personal and professional information security .
Mathematics
If you 've never learned about the mathematics behind technology , these courses will help fill you in .
Introduction to Algorithms :
Those who want to better understand algorithms and their applications in technology should check out this course . [ MIT ]
Mathematics for Computer Science :
Through this course you 'll get a chance to learn about the math that underlies much of computer science . [ MIT ]
Probabilistic Systems Analysis and Applied Probability :
This course will address some of the fundamentals of probability but also explore how these principles can be applied in a practical setting .
[ MIT ]
Automata , Computability , and Complexity :
This is an introductory course that will lay out mathematical models of computation and the finite representation of infinite objects . [ MIT ]
Introduction to Mathematical Programming :
Here students will predominantly learn about algorithms and get a chance to see how they can be applied directly to networks and programming .
[ MIT ]
Fundamentals of Probability :
If you want to learn more about probability and how to apply it to your computer science studies check out this free course . [ MIT ]
Distributed Algorithms :
Through this course , students will learn about the latest research in distributed algorithms and get a chance to carry out their own experiments as well .
Engineering
Those who love to tinker and create DIY projects will appreciate these courses about the basics of electrical and computer engineering .
Circuits and Electronics : Check out this course for an introductory survey of the basics of electrical engineering .
[ MIT ]
Computation Structures :
Ever wonder how computers work and what all those parts actually do ?
You can learn more in this great course . [ MIT ]
Microelectronic Devices and Circuits :
In this course you can learn about modeling , designing and utilizing microelectronic devices . [ MIT ]
Electromagnetics and Applications : Learn how electromagnetism is playing a role in many modern devices through this course . [ MIT ]
Computer System Engineering :
Here you can get a better idea of what goes into designing computer software and hardware .
[ MIT ]
Computer Language Engineering :
This course is designed around a project in which students build a compiler using Java . [ MIT ]
Optical Engineering : Check out this class to learn more about diffraction , statistical optics , holography , and imaging . [ MIT ]
Education
These courses can help you learn about educational applications of technology whether you 're a teacher or a tech specialist .
Police chief Matiullah Qatay is said to have been killed in the gun battle Forty - one US - trained Afghan guards have been arrested after a shootout in which Kandahar 's provincial police chief was killed , the regional governor says .
Thoryalai Wesa says the guards will be sent from the southern province to the capital Kabul for trial .
Up to eight other policemen were killed after the guards , who are employed by US security forces , entered the prosecutor 's office in Kandahar city .
They were trying to free colleagues held in the building , the BBC was told .
Afghan President Hamid Karzai said he " seriously condemns this action " , describing it as a " serious blow to governance - building " .
Gun battle
In a statement , Mr Karzai 's office described what had happened .
" Armed men from one of the private security firms based in Kandahar tried to free two criminals - they attacked the local prosecutor 's office , " it said .
" The police chief of Kandahar and the head of the criminal investigation department resisted them - these guards opened fire " and killed them , it went on .
The statement said three others were also killed , although other reports put the total at nine .
The police chief has been named as Matiullah Qatay and the head of the criminal investigation department as Abdul Khaliq Hamdam .
The US military spokesman in Kabul , Col Greg Julian , confirmed to the AFP news agency that there had been " an incident " but did not have details .
Some witnesses had said US forces were at the scene of the incident , but this is unconfirmed .
A spokesman for Nato - led forces in Afghanistan said they were looking into the incident .
The BBC's Martin Patience in Kabul says that Afghan guards are often employed at coalition military bases across the country .
They are paid and trained by the US .
While the guards are recognised by the Afghan government , they do not come under their command .
Locals often refer to these guards as Afghan special forces as they are well - trained and well - armed , our correspondent says .
Kandahar is the spiritual birthplace of the Taliban - although the Taliban are not believed to be involved in this latest incident .
The province has seen an increase in violence in recent years and shootings are common , the BBC's Martin Patience in Kabul says .
It is a key battleground in the fight between the Taliban insurgency and the Afghan government and coalition forces .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
What happened
Brazilian military pilots have spotted wreckage in the Atlantic Ocean that could be from Air France Flight 447 , which disappeared with 228 people aboard early in its trip from Rio de Janeiro to Paris on Sunday .
( Reuters )
What the commentators said
" Modern airliners do not just vanish in midflight , " said Charles Bremner in Britain 's The Times .
At least , that 's what we all thought before Air France Flight 447 dropped off the radar .
" Planes missing in storms sounded like something from the old days of oceanic flight , not the world of satellite links and automated flight systems . "
" The case of missing Air France Flight 447 is demonstrating technology 's limits , " said Sholnn Freeman in The Washington Post .
The last communication Air France received from the plane was an automatic message , via satellite , indicating an electronic malfunction .
But only if the plane 's black box is found in the ocean 's vast expanse will investigators have what they need to figure out what happened .
Finding the voice and data recorders of Air France Flight 447 will be difficult , said Scott McCartney in The Wall Street Journal , and would be just one step toward unraveling this tragedy 's mysteries .
Speculation is swirling that the plane was struck by lightning during a thunderstorm , but that happens frequently and rarely causes a crash .
Also , when a plane is at cruising altitude , as this flight was , it can fly over such trouble .
We 'll have to " stay tuned " and hope for answers .
Sponsored Link
This is very useful tip if there are multiple people maintaining or using ubuntu desktop , server or even if you are the maintainer , but can't remember exactly when you did or changed something .
If you want to add this settings to globally use / etc / bash .
bashrc
First you need to Edit your $ HOME /. bashrc file
gedit $ HOME /. bashrc
Add the following line
export HISTTIMEFORMAT= " %h/%d - %H:%M:%S "
Save and exit the file .
From next login instead of :
574 tail -f / var/ log / maillog
575 mailq | tail - 15
576 tail -f /var/ log / maillog
577 less / var / log / maillog
you get :
1002 May/09 -- 11:46:16 grep log /var / log / maillog
1003 Apr/09 -- 14:17:40 passwd test
1004 Apr/09 -- 14:50:28 history 15
Some more bash history tips
The most efficent way to search your history is to hit Ctrl R and type the start of the command .
It will autocomplete as soon as there ’s a match to a history entry , then you just hit enter
If you do n't want to save duplicate commands use the following option in your bashrc file ( $ HOME /.bashrc )
export HISTCONTROL=ignoreboth
If you want to set the size of the history file use the following option in your bashrc file ( $ HOME /.bashrc )
export HISTSIZE=500
Sponsored Link
Related posts
A well - known pub in south Co Dublin was extensively damaged after a fire broke out there this morning .
The Graduate pub is located in Killiney Shopping Centre on Rochestown Avenue .
The fire began at about 10 am , and quickly spread throughout the building .
Three units from Dun Laoghaire fire station were first called out to attend the blaze , with two additional units from Donnybrook also on the scene .
A number of gardaí were on hand to assist as roads around the pub were closed off .
An eyewitness working nearby said he had seen smoke coming from the roof area of the building this morning .
The fire brigade arrived shortly afterwards and began to work on the blaze , he said .
The incident commander at the scene said it was believed to have started over the bar area , but did not say what may have caused the blaze .
" The fire spread very quickly and was upgraded to six appliances , two aerial units and a water tanker , " he said .
Fire officers requested the tanker due to low water pressure in the area which may have hindered efforts to control the fire .
Local council workers were brought in to quickly correct the problem .
A crowd of onlookers gathered to watch at the garda cordon , including shocked employees of the pub and owners of nearby businesses .
Staff who had been working in the Graduate when the fire broke out said they left as soon as the fire alarm sounded .
By late morning , part of the roof of the premises had caved in as fire fighters tried to extinguish the flames .
It took two hours to bring the fire under control , with some units remaining at the scene as smoke rose from the building .
No injuries were reported in the incident , although medical services were called to the scene .
In the aftermath of the historically poor results in the European and local elections , and with the prospects for the general election bleak , Labour MPs face a critical choice this evening ; a dilemma on which their careers , the future of the Labour Party , and the future of the country may turn : should Gordon stay or should he go ?
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Help us reflect on this choice by adding your thoughts and ratings to The Independent ’s interactive visual map of the arguments for ( green ) and against ( red ) Gordon Brown ’s continuing leadership .
As before , the whole structure of the map is like a wiki – every aspect is provisional , and open to further iterative improvement – and everyone can add new points and comments to the map .
The aim with interactive collaborative maps of this kind is to weave together and rate all of the salient issues , positions and arguments distributed through the community into a single rich , transparent structure – in which each idea and argument is expressed just once – so that anyone can explore quickly and gain a good sense of the perceived merits of the relevant choices .
You can move around the map by clicking on the spheres : clicking on the smallest coloured spheres takes you deeper into an argument , clicking on the largest sphere takes you back up .
To rate the arguments , click on the arrows that connect the spheres .
A 1–9 rating scale opens when you click on an arrow ( although you will be asked to log in first time – to stop people voting for the same idea multiple times ) .
A “ 9 ” rating means that you think it ’s a very strong argument : a “ 1 ” rating that it ’s a very weak argument .
As the community begins to rate the different ideas the thickness of the arrows changes to signal which ideas are perceived to be strongest and weakest .
The “ i ” button below the map opens a help page and the adjacent “ screen ” button opens the map to a full - screen view .
The other buttons let you access fuller underlying content ( expressed in a different visualization , which is also where you are able to add your own ideas to the map ) .
Finally , you link to , share and embed any view of the map directly by clicking on the button next to the search magnifying glass .
As with the other maps in the series you can you can keep up to date with developments on this map via the Independent Minds blog and @ The IndyDebate on Twitter .
And you are welcome to embed the map on your own website or blog ( like a YouTube video ) using the code shown below :
< iframe src='http://debategraph.org/flash/fv_indep.aspx?r=18241' frameborder= '0 ' width= ' 450 ' height =
'600 '></iframe >
< iframe src='http://debategraph.org/flash/fv_indep.aspx?r=18241' frameborder= '0 ' width= '600 ' height = '600 ' scrolling ='no '></ iframe >
India is to embark on an ambitious plan to provide each of its 1.1 billion - plus citizens with a national identity card and has picked an industrialist who helped to spearhead the country 's IT revolution to lead the project .
Nandan Nilekani , the entrepreneur who helped the best - selling author Thomas Friedman to coin the phrase and book title " The world is flat " , was asked by the government to help to create what would be the largest citizens ' database in a democracy .
Only China has a larger scheme .
The government believes that the scheme , to be finalised over three years , will help in the delivery of vital social services to the poorest in society who often lack – or are at least told they lack – sufficient identification papers .
The government has long complained that most of the money set aside for the neediest is diverted as a result of corruption , and it believes the cards could help to tackle identity theft and fraud .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
At a time of increased concern over the threat of militant violence , the government also hopes that the creation of the scheme will boost national security and help police and law and order officials .
The creation of the ID or Unique Identification Number ( UID ) was a major plank of the manifesto of the ruling Congress Party during the recent election .
Yet the scheme is not without controversy .
Some observers have questioned how the cards will actually improve the delivery of services , even if the identity of recipients can be proved .
Some have also expressed concerns that the scheme could be divisive .
" It can not be denied that the system of proving identity in India is complicated and confusing .
But a system of national ID cards can technically introduce a new route to citizenship , " said Charu Lata Hogg , an associate fellow of the Asia programme at Chatham House .
" This could be used as a security measure by the government which leaves migrant workers , refugees and other stateless people in India in limbo , without access to public services , employment and basic welfare . "
The recruitment of Mr Nilekani , 54 , a founder of the Bangalore - based Infosys Technologies , is a coup for the government of Manmohan Singh , who contacted him earlier in the month with an invitation to join a planning commission .
The premier said he was keen to recruit and utilise talents outside the government to help with the country 's development – a novel move in India .
Though he turned down that offer , he was inspired to take up a public role .
Mr Nilekani will stand down from his position as co-chairman of Infosys to avoid a conflict of interest , and will serve on a specially formed commission – the Unique Identification Authority of India – with the rank equivalent to a cabinet minister .
It was Mr Nilekani who inspired Thomas Friedman 's treatise on globalisation , The World Is Flat ( 2005 ) .
Mr Friedman recalled : " I was in India interviewing Nandan Nilekani at Infosys .
And he said to me , ' Tom , the playing field is being levelled ' ... and it hit me :
Holy mackerel , the world is becoming flat . "
HOUSE prices in America have fallen so far that as many as one in five households have mortgage debt greater than the value of their homes .
In a few states , borrowers are not liable for the shortfall between an unpaid loan and the resale value of the home it is secured upon .
Even where borrowers are on the hook , lenders often find it too costly to pursue unpaid debts .
So some homeowners may be tempted to default and escape the burden of negative equity .
How widespread is this practice ?
New research * based on a survey of 1,000 homeowners suggests that one in four mortgage defaults are “ strategic ” — by people who could meet their payments but who choose not to .
The main drivers of strategic default are the scale of negative equity , and moral and social considerations .
Few would opt to renege on their mortgage if the equity gap were below 10 % of their home 's value , the authors find , partly because of the costs of moving .
But one in six would bail out if loans were underwater by a half .
Four - fifths think strategic default is wrong .
Those in the unethical minority are four times more likely to renege on loans ( allowing for other influences ) when their negative equity reaches $ 50,000 .
But morality has its price .
When the equity gap reaches $ 100,000 , “ immoral ” homeowners are only twice as keen to walk away from their debts as “ moral ” ones .
People under 35 or over 65 are less likely to believe that default is wrong .
So are the well - educated .
Anger about bail - outs of banks or carmakers does not weaken the moral barrier to default .
But people who live in neighbourhoods where home repossessions are frequent are more likely to welsh on loans .
Homeowners who know someone who has defaulted strategically are 82 % more likely to say they would do so , too .
The likelihood of strategic default rises more quickly once the rate of local home foreclosures reaches a critical level .
That hints at a vicious cycle of foreclosures that both depress home prices and weaken the social and economic barriers to further defaults .
To break the cycle , policymakers need to address the problem of negative equity , not just unaffordable interest payments .
* “ Moral and Social Constraints to Strategic Default on Mortgages ” by Luigi Guiso , Paola Sapienza and Luigi Zingales
[ JFrater : Before reading the list – read this full introduction .
This list has been sitting in my inbox for quite a while and I have been putting off posting it for fear of the storm it may cause , but I have finally decided that we are all mature enough to cope with it .
If someone wishes to send a list in of conservative hypocrisy I will certainly consider posting that as well .
This list is not an endorsement by the site of any political persuasion as we are willing to post lists on both sides of the coin ( as you will see from our two lists on Clinton quotes and Bush quotes ) . ]
Conservative senators taking bribes , televangelists with three mistresses in tow are scandal mainstays .
They are rightly pilloried , and I encourage the practice .
But Alan Colmes once stated that hypocrisy is “ essentially a conservative disease , something liberals can’t catch ” .
Nonsense .
Hypocrisy is a sad part of the human condition .
Wherever there is dogma and orthodoxy , there is hypocrisy from some , and liberals are no more immune than anyone else .
A forgiving press can hide a lot of symptoms , but liberals have their share of embarrassing self - righteous tools who do n’t practice what they preach .
Here are ten :
10 Al Gore
Hypocrisy : Carbon Footprint the Size of …Some Really Big Thing
At his suburban Nashville home , Ex -Vice President Al Gore enjoyed the Oscar awarded to “ An Inconvenient Truth , ” the documentary on global warming in which he starred .
But the Tennessee Center for Policy Research gained access to Gore ’s utility bills for two years and published the gas and electric bills for his 20 - room home and pool house .
It turned out the home devoured nearly 221,000 kilowatt - hours in 2006 , more than 20 times the national average of 10,656 kilowatt - hours .
The Center ’s president , Drew Johnson said , “ If this were any other person with $ 30,000 - a - year in utility bills , I would n’t care .
But he tells other people how to live and he ’s not following his own rules . ”
9 Rosie O’Donnell
Hypocrisy : No Guns For You , But My Guy Packs Heat
On her television show , April 19 , 1999 , O’Donnell had this to say about gun owners : “ I do n’t care if you want to hunt .
I do n’t care if you think it ’s your right .
I say , ‘ Sorry . ’
It is 1999 .
We have had enough as a nation .
You are not allowed to own a gun , and if you do own a gun I think you should go to prison . ”
Several months later , a bodyguard in her employ applied for a concealed gun permit from the Greenwich ( Connecticut ) Police Department .
When queried about whether her bodyguard should carry a gun on May 24 , 2000 , she said , “ I do n’t personally own a gun , but if you are qualified , licensed and registered , I have no problem . ”
8 Michael Moore
Hypocrisy : War Investments , Non-Union Labor , Calling for the End of the American Dream While Living It
Michael Moore is merciless in his criticism of oil and defense contractors ; calling them ‘ war profiteers . ’
He also claims to have no stock portfolio , but at one time he owned shares in Halliburton , Honeywell and Boeing .
He also expresses an affinity for Union labor , but does his post production work in Canada – where he does n’t have to pay union wages .
In one of his books he writes “ Horatio Alger Must Die ” , implying that the rags - to - riches story is a myth , and ultimately harmful to America .
This from an unknown Flint , Michigan filmmaker who became a millionaire in Hollywood by making documentaries .
7 Gloria Steinem
Hypocrisy : Getting Married After Condemning Marriage As Pointless
For years , Gloria Steinem said that “ A woman needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle ” , and that marriage has “ a bad name ” .
Yet she married David Bale in 2000 , preferring to enter into an institution she said made women “ a semi- nonperson ” .
Sadly , Mr. Bale died three years later .
6 Nancy Pelosi
Hypocrisy : Accepting Union Awards But Not Using Union Labor
Nancy Pelosi bashes everyone who does n’t use union labor–except herself .
Shockingly , she still accepted the Cesar Chavez Award from the United Farmworkers Unions while using non-UFW workers on her Napa Valley Vineyard .
She also praised the Hotel Employees and Restaurant Employees Union and took massive sums of money from them while keeping them out of her Hotel and chain of restaurants .
5 Barbara Streisand
Hypocrisy : Coastline Protection Lawsuit
Known for espousing pro-environmental views and criticizing those who do n’t , Streisand sued the California Coastal Records Project , a landmark photographic database of over 12,000 frames of the California coast shot since 2002 , asserting that the inclusion of a single frame that includes her blufftop Malibu estate invades her privacy , violates the “ anti- paparazzi ” statute , seeks to profit from her name , and threatens her security .
Ms. Streisand , who purports to espouse the First Amendment right of freedom of speech ( See “ My Thoughts On Freedom of Speech ” at barbrastreisand.com ) apparently feels differently when the publication of a photograph shows her backyard .
4 Ted Kennedy
Hypocrisy : Opposing Wind Power While Proposing Alternative Fuels Elsewhere
Senator Kennedy has introduced dozens of pieces of legislation over the years to encourage the development of solar , hydrogen , and wind as alternatives to oil and coal .
But he opposed the Cape Wind Project , which would build wind turbines in Nantucket Sound , about six miles off the coast from the Kennedy compound in Hyannis .
The problem was not aesthetic ; the Kennedys would n’t be able to actually see the turbines from their home .
Instead Robert Kennedy Jr. , who had been beating the drum for alternative sources of energy for more than a decade , complained that the project would be built in one of the family ’s favorite sailing and yachting areas .
Sen .
Kennedy publicly called for further study of the project – but privately , he tried to get the study canceled .
3 Jesse Jackson
Hypocrisy : Counseling on Adultery While Committing Adultery
Jesse Jackson confessed that in 1998 , at the very moment he was providing pastoral counseling to the White House ’s Bill Clinton for his adultery with Monica Lewinski , he was carrying on an extramarital affair of his own , with a subordinate who later gave birth to his child .
How could the nation ’s premier civil rights leader have been so reckless ?
2 Mary Beth Sweetland
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KsMjgnLxFRw&hl=en&fs=1
Hypocrisy : Protesting Animal Testing While Benefiting from Animal Testing
A type - A diabetic , PETA Senior Vice President Mary Beth Sweetland keeps herself alive by injecting herself with insulin , which was developed from medical testing using dogs .
She has been quoted as saying “ I do n’t see myself as a hypocrite .
I need my life to fight for the rights of animals ” .
Penn Jillette gives her what - for : “ Not a hypocrite ?
Your group supports people who fire bomb labs where animal testing is conducted , while using the very benefits of animal testing to live your own upside - down , house of cards , [ email protected ] # $ing privileged life ” .
In the clip above you can see Penn speaking – around the 5:20 mark .
1 US Labor Unions
Hypocrisy : Using Non-Union Labor to Strike for Higher Union Wages
Trade Unionism had been an important part of the liberal coalition within the Democratic party .
In the late 1990 ’s , Unions began protesting the loss of jobs through outsourcing .
By the 21st century , Unions began outsourcing picket lines to non-union , scab labor .
The non-unionized workers were recruited from the most vulnerable of society willing to take on the most undignified type of work .
The Unions offered no benefits , no healthcare , no job security , low pay , and intolerable working conditions .
The Unions likewise paid in cash and did not collect taxes due to either federal , state , or local governments .
Further , the Union ’s exploitation of workers on outsourced picket lines contributed absolutely nothing to the workers Social Security retirement fund .
Unions did not pay required Workers Compensation premiums for a hazardous job known to be risking life and limb .
All this , so the greedy employer , in this case the Union , could enjoy higher living standards for themselves .
[ Source : Outsourcing the Picket Line , By Keith L. Alexander , Washington Post , July 24 , 2007 . ]
Texas Interfaith Power And Light is a project of the Texas Interfaith Center For Public Policy .
We love vehicles .
We love to eat .
Whether pushcart or Airstream , Mexican or Korean cuisine , we love the combination of wheels and meals .
Here are ten diverse vehicles serving up hot meals .
There are just a few of the hundreds of delicious portable restaurants .
What 's your favorite truck , van , cart , wheeled - stall , motorcycle or otherwise mobile platform dishing out food ?
Advertisement
Sénor Tacombi
Located in Playa Del Carmen , Mexico , the Sénor has combined two great Mexican products : the taco and the VW Combi , which was produced in Mexico until the mid-1990s .
The story of Sénor Tacombi is one of a wandering soul / wrestler who marched across the Andes with Che , partied at Studio 54 with Freddy Mercury , and chilled with Gandhi in India .
Today , he mostly served tacos to college kids who are looking to carb - up after a night on the town .
Photo Credit : Playa Maya News
Advertisement
Fat Daddy's Ice Cream Truck
We 'd never thought of giving the classic lowrider treatment to a GMC Ice Cream Truck , but the folks at Las Vegas ' Fat Daddy 's Ice Cream did just that .
Painted in a creamsicle orange with white walls , the truck has four - way hydraulic control .
Oh , and it serves just about any ice cream novelty you might want .
Photo Credit : Roadside Pictures @ flickr
Hey Cupcake !
A trip to Austin 's groovy South Congress would be wasted without a stop at Hey Cupcake !
Peddling cupcakes out of a frequently shined Airstream trailer , a personal favorite , the cupcakes are simple and delicious .
Some noticed that a pic of the trailer sneaked into our Mustang Bullitt review .
Our fave is the Michael Jackson , which features a chocolate bottom with a cream cheese top .
Photo Credit : Justwatchthesky @ flickr
Advertisement
Advertisement
The Grilled Cheese Grill
Due to lax food sales regulations and a culture supportive of local businesses , Portland , Oregon is the epicenter of food cart dining .
It 's hard to just pick out one delicious eatery , but we 're fond of the Grilled Cheese Grill concept .
Gourmet grilled cheese sandwiches and sides served inside a school bus is 18 kinds of brilliant .
For more on the local digs check out Food Carts Portland .
Photo Credit : Truth Development @ Flickr
Advertisement
Kogi Korean BBQ Truck
Big fans of Korean cooking , and there are many in Los Angeles , love the Kogi BBQ - To - Go truck .
Fusing Korean tastes with classic American fare , such as tacos and burgers , it 's a portable flavor experience .
Traveling from place to place in what looks like a typical taco truck , you know you 're at a hot spot when the Kogi truck arrives .
Korean BBQ slider anyone ?
Advertisement
Calexico Carne Asada Cart
New Yorkers take their street food seriously so when someone is named the best street food you take note .
The Brooklyn - based , So - Cal inspired Mexican cart serves up tacos with a California twist , thus combining west , east and south coasts .
They serve the food all afternoon ... or until they run out .
Advertisement
El Ultimo Taco
With an abundance of construction sites and hungry people Houston is a mecca of taco trucks .
El Ultimo on the northwest side offers both humongous portions and super cheap prices .
A fully stuffed egg , potato , and chorizo taco on a handmade flour tortilla with a spicy salsa is just $ 1 .
Wash it down with fresh fruit aguas frescas and you could probably live forever on the food .
Just look for the truck with pictures of fruit painted on the side .
Photo Credit : Dave77459 @ flickr
Advertisement
Street -za Pizza Truck
Just like it sounds , the Street - za truck delivers the flat , Italian - inspired pies out of a truck window to hungry Milwaukee residents and visitors .
Unlike your typical pizza kart , the very mobile Street - za offers a ginormous slice in between Chicago and New York style with a flakey crust and gourmet toppings such as smoked Nueske 's bacon , Gouda , and roasted Italian eggplant .
Advertisement
Magic Curry Kart
The simplest of all carts , the Magic Curry Kart wanders San Francisco on a mixture of non-matching bike wheels .
The chef cooks up delicious curry using two gas - powered hotplates on the neon - adorned cart .
Put your name on his clipboard with your wants and he 'll cook you up a delicious curry in about ten minutes .
When you 're done with that you can hit up the Créme Brûlée cart .
Seriously .
Photo Credit : HoodScope
Advertisement
Goosebeary's
Most M.I.T. grads we know are fairly smart , if not a bit socially awkward , which goes to explain how they figured out the unappealingly named Goosebeary 's van on Kendall Square was so good .
Top notch pan-Asian cuisine served out of a crappy van and tossed into cheap Styrofoam may confuse some , but the M.I.T. students are prepared for the culinary dialectic .
Photo Credit : Mr. Joro
Mr. T Sings “ Take Me Out To The Ball Game ” At The Cubs Game
Total Pro Sports –
What better way to celebrate Memorial Day than have Mr. T , draped in the American flag , come and throw out the first pitch of a baseball game , then lead the stadium in the singing of “ Take Me Out To The Ball Game ” .
That was the mindset of the Chicago Cubs organization , and I would say it worked out beautifully , providing just the video to brighten up a Tuesday morning .
Dawning a tight Cubs jersey to go with his American bandanna and clown pants , Mr. T came out to a welcome ovation .
After warming up his arm with some windmill motions , the lefty hurled a sorry excuse towards the plate .
Needless to say , that pitch would be the brightest moment of his night .
When the time came for the 7th inning stretch , Mr. T took over the mic for the classic anthem of Wrigley field , and what a show he put on .
If you were n’t sure about whether Mr. T really talks the way he does , this should answer everything .
Not only is that how he normally talks , but it is also apparently how he sings as well .
When all is said and done , we respect the valiant effort by Mr. T .
We always welcome such attempts , as long as we are given the privilege of displaying the failures afterwards .
And what better way to make a Pirates vs. Cubs game interesting .
Here is the always entertaining Mr. T throwing out the opening pitch and singing “ Take Me Out To The Ball Game . ”
Share This
When NCR Corp. started looking late last summer to move from its hometown of Dayton , Ohio , economic development agencies in the South pulled out all the stops in a bid to lure the 125 - year - old company best known as a cash - register manufacturer .
Georgia quickly offered more than $ 100 million in tax and training incentives .
State officials connected NCR with six Georgia research universities willing to license new technologies and train workers .
In ...
EPI ’s latest jobs analysis shows that millions of people not counted as officially unemployed are either “ involuntary part - time ” workers who want to work full - time but ca n’t find the hours , or they are “ marginally attached , ” meaning that even though they want to work , they did not actively seek work in the past month .
There were 1.3 million marginally attached workers at the start of the recession in December 2007 , but that number has since swelled by close to 1 million , underscoring how prolonged economic downturns can make it progressively harder to find work .
“ When we see such a dramatic increase in such a short period of time , we know that it ’s not caused by a major shift in attitudes toward working , but instead by the fact that many jobless workers have simply realized they have little chance of finding meaningful work in such a weak labor market , ” says EPI economist Heidi Shierholz .
At the start of the recession there were 1.7 unemployed workers for every job opening ; the most recent data show 5.4 unemployed workers competing for each available job .
Creditors to Chrysler describe negotiations with the company and the Obama administration as " a farce , " saying the administration was bent on forcing their hands using hardball tactics and threats .
Conversations with administration officials left them expecting that they would be politically targeted , two participants in the negotiations said .
Although the focus has so been on allegations that the White House threatened Perella Weinberg , sources familiar with the matter say that other firms felt they were threatened as well .
None of the sources would agree to speak except on the condition of anonymity , citing fear of political repercussions .
The sources , who represent creditors to Chrysler , say they were taken aback by the hardball tactics that the Obama administration employed to cajole them into acquiescing to plans to restructure Chrysler .
One person described the administration as the most shocking " end justifies the means " group they have ever encountered .
Another characterized Obama was " the most dangerous smooth talker on the planet - and I knew Kissinger . "
Both were voters for Obama in the last election .
One participant in negotiations said that the administration 's tactic was to present what one described as a " madman theory of the presidency " in which the President is someone to be feared because he was willing to do anything to get his way .
The person said this threat was taken very seriously by his firm .
The White House has denied the allegation that it threatened Perella Weinberg .
Last week Obama singled out the firms that continue to oppose his plan for Chrysler , saying he would not stand with them .
Perella Weinberg says it was convinced to support the plan by this stark drawing of a line between firms that have the president 's backing and those that did not .
They did n't want to be on the wrong side of Obama .
Privately , administration officials have expressed confidence that other firms will switch sides for this reason .
These allegations add to the picture of an administration willing to use intimidation to win over support for its Chrysler plans -- and then categorically deny it .
Iranian women stand in line to cast their votes in the presidential election on Friday .
Iranians around the world also voted .
In Dubai , home to an estimated 200,000 Iranians , the streets around the polling station at the Iranian consulate were jammed with voters .
Enlarge By Amir Hesami , AFP / Getty Images Iranian women line up to vote Friday at a polling station at the Masoumeh shrine in Qom , Iran , in the presidential race .
U.S. REACTION U.S. REACTION TEHRAN , Iran ( AP )  Iran 's Interior Ministry has released partial results showing President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad leading with nearly 70 % of votes counted so far in Friday 's election .
Senior ministry official Kamran Daneshjoo says Ahmadinejad had 68.8 % of the more than 10 million ballots counted so far .
His main reformist challenger Mir Hossein Mousavi had 28.8 % .
The government has not yet released the total number of voters .
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's main challenger , Former Prime Minister Mir Hossein Mousavi , also claimed victory at a news conference earlier in the day .
Mousavi said only that he was " definitely the winner of the election " based on " all indications from all over Iran . "
Iranians packed polling stations Friday from boutique - lined streets in north Tehran to conservative bastions in the countryside with a choice that 's left the nation divided and on edge : keeping hard - line President Ahmadinejad in power or electing Mousavi , a reformist who favors greater freedoms and improved ties with the United States .
Turnout was massive and could break records .
Crowds formed quickly at many voting sites in areas considered both strongholds for Ahmadinejad and Mousavi , who served as prime minister in the 1980s and has become the surprise hero of a powerful youth - driven movement .
At several polling stations in Tehran , mothers held their young children in their arms as they waited in long lines .
" I hope to defeat Ahmadinejad today , " said Mahnaz Mottaghi , 23 , after casting her ballot at a mosque in central Tehran .
Outside the same polling station , 29 - year - old Abbas Rezai said he , his wife and his sister - in - law all voted for Ahmadinejad .
" We will have him as a president for another term , for sure , " he said .
The fiery , month - long campaign unleashed passions and tensions .
The mass rallies , polished campaign slogans , savvy Internet outreach and televised debates more closely resembled Western elections than the scripted campaigns in most other Middle Eastern countries .
President Obama said Iran 's " robust debate " leading up to elections shows change is possible there , and it could boost U.S. efforts to engage Tehran 's leadership .
In a sign of the bitterness from the campaign , the Interior Ministry — which oversees voting — said all rallies or political gatherings would be banned until after the announcement of results , expected Saturday .
In the only violent episode to be reported , a campaign organizer for Mousavi said about a dozen Ahmadinejad supporters attacked one of his campaign offices in Tehran with tear gas .
No one was injured , and police quickly dispersed the group , said Saeed Shariati , head of Mousavi 's youth cyber campaign .
There was not independent confirmation of the attack .
The cyber campaign ran several websites and Facebook pages supporting Mousavi .
Authorities blocked at least three of them Friday .
The highly charged atmosphere brought blistering recriminations against Ahmadinejad — whom Mousavi said was moving Iran to a " dictatorship " — and a stunning warning from the ruling establishment .
The political chief of the powerful Revolutionary Guard warned Wednesday it would crush any " revolution " against the Islamic system by Mousavi's " green movement " — the signature color of his campaign .
The outcome will not sharply alter Iran 's main policies or sway high - level decisions , such as possible talks with Washington .
Those crucial policies are all directly controlled by the ruling clerics headed by the unelected Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
But Mousavi has offered hopes of more freedoms at home .
If elected , he could try to end crackdowns on liberal media and bloggers and push for Iran to embrace Obama 's offer of dialogue after a nearly 30 - year diplomatic freeze .
He favors talks with world powers over Iran 's nuclear program , which the United States and others fear is aimed at making weapons .
Iran says it only seeks reactors for electricity .
Iranians around the world also voted .
In Dubai , home to an estimated 200,000 Iranians , the streets around the polling station at the Iranian consulate were jammed with voters overwhelmingly favoring Mousavi .
" He is our Obama , " said Maliki Zadehamid , a 39 - year - old exporter .
A top election official predicted turnout could surpass the nearly 80 % in the election 12 years ago that brought President Mohammad Khatami to power and began the pro-reform movement .
A strong turnout could boost Mousavi .
He is counting on under -30s , who account for about a third of Iran 's 46.2 million eligible voters .
In Tehran 's affluent northern districts — strongly backing Mousavi — voters waited for up to an hour to cast ballots .
Mahdi Hosseini , a university student , blasted the firebrand Ahmadinejad for " degrading Iran 's image in the eyes of the world . "
Ahmadinejad brought Iran international condemnation by repeatedly questioning the Holocaust .
In the conservative city of Qom , home to seminaries and shrines , hundreds of clerics and women dressed in long black robes waited to vote in a long line outside a mosque .
Ahmadinejad 's campaign has heavily courted his base of working - class families and tradition - minded voters with promises of more government aid and resistance to Western pressures over Iran 's nuclear ambitions .
Mousavi 's rallies in Tehran drew tens of thousands of cheering supporters , who later spent their nights shouting anti-Ahmadinejad slogans and dancing to Persian pop songs on the streets .
He hammered Ahmadinejad for mismanaging the economy , burdened by double - digit inflation and chronic unemployment despite vast oil and gas riches .
Mousavi 's stunning rise also has been helped by his popular and charismatic wife , former university dean Zahra Rahnavard , and their joint calls for more rights and political clout for women .
Iranian women work in nearly all levels of society — including as parliament members .
But they face legal restrictions on issues such as inheritance and court testimony , where their say is considered only half as credible as a man's .
For the first time in Iran , the forces of the Web were fully harnessed in an election showdown .
That catapulted Mousavi , a 67 - year - old former prime minister from the 1980s , into a political star .
On Friday , dozens of Iranians using Twitter posted messages including one that said : " Keep my fingers crossed for green wave to win . "
In a possible complication for Mousavi 's backers , Iran 's mobile phone text messaging system was down .
Many Iranians , especially young voters , frequently use text messages to spread election information quickly to friends and family .
" Unfortunately , some of my representatives were blocked from entering polling stations and SMS ( text messaging ) is also down , which is against the law , " Mousavi said after voting , according to his campaign website .
" We should not be fearful about the free flow of information , and I urge officials to observe the law . "
Telecommunication Ministry spokesman Davood Zareian confirmed to The Associated Press that the text message system has been down since late Wednesday .
" We are investigating , " he said .
There were no reports of serious problems at the polls .
But a top Mousavi aide , Ali Reza Beheshti , said some polling stations in northwestern and southern provinces ran out of ballots , claiming it was a " deliberate attempt by the government to keep people from voting . "
Iran 's elections are considered generally fair , but the country does not allow international monitors .
The ruling clerics , however , put their stamp on the elections from the very beginning by deciding who can run .
More than 470 people sought to join the presidential race , but only Ahmadinejad and three rivals were cleared .
During the 2005 election , there were some allegations of vote rigging from losers , but the claims were never investigated .
After casting his vote in the white ballot box , the Supreme Leader Khamenei urged Iranians to remain calm .
" As far as I see and hear , passion and motivation is very high among people , " Khamenei told reporters .
" If some intend to create tension , this will harm people , " he added .
After voting at a mosque on Friday in eastern Tehran , Ahmadinejad commented on the high turnout .
Interior Minister Sadeq Mahsouli said reports to election officials indicate an " unprecedented turnout will be recorded in the country 's election history , " according to the official IRNA news agency .
Mousavi voted with his wife at a mosque in Tehran 's southern outskirts .
In the southern city of Shiraz , people waited for hours with temperatures nudging 100 degrees .
About 500 people stood in line to vote at the Shahchragh shrine , the burial site of a Shiite saint .
In the southeastern city of Zahedan — where a bomb blamed on Sunni militants killed at least 25 people at a Shiite mosque last month — there were no reports of tensions .
The bombed mosque was used as a polling station .
The race will go to a runoff on June 19 if no candidate receives a simple majority of more than 50 % of the votes cast .
Much depends on how many votes are siphoned off by the two other candidates : conservative former Revolutionary Guard commander Mohsen Rezaei and moderate former parliament speaker Mahdi Karroubi .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
It was close as it gets to a grand Lincoln - Douglas - style debate .
On Thursday , President Barack Obama spoke at the National Archives , where America ’s values are enshrined on the nation ’s age - stained founding documents ; a mile or so away , former Vice President Dick Cheney addressed the American Enterprise Institute , where neocons spent years pushing for the war in Iraq .
Both men addressed fundamental issues of national security and civil liberties , taking on such controversial matters as torture ( or enhanced interrogation techniques ) , Guantanamo , and warrantless wiretapping .
Guess who was Lincoln ?
Obama went first ( in part because Cheney delayed the start of his speech ) , presenting a vigorous defense of several recent decisions .
He made the now - familiar arguments against “ so - called enhanced interrogation techniques . ”
He contended that Gitmo has “ weakened national security ” by alienating allies and providing a rallying cry for enemies :
“ The existence of Guantanamo likely created more terrorists around the world than it ever detained . ”
He slammed the fear - mongers who have decried the possible transfer of some Gitmo detainees to facilities in the United States , calling on a GOP senator for assistance :
Nobody has ever escaped from one of our federal “ supermax ” prisons , which hold hundreds of convicted terrorists .
As Senator Lindsey Graham said : “ The idea that we cannot find a place to securely house 250 - plus detainees within the United States is not rational . ”
Obama also explained his policy moves that have been criticized by human rights and civil liberties activists : proceeding with reformed military commissions for the trials of some suspected terrorists ; opposing the release of photos showing the abusive treatment of detainees ; and continuing to use the state secrets privilege to prevent certain lawsuits ( while reviewing this privilege ) .
He noted that he opposed creating some type of truth commission , saying , “ I believe that our existing democratic institutions are strong enough to deliver accountability . ”
He cited Congress in this regard and added , “ The Department of Justice and our courts can work through and punish any violations of law . ”
In other words , do n’t look to him to push for prosecutions or investigations .
“ I have no interest , ” Obama explained , “ in spending our time re-litigating the policies of the last eight years . ”
The president criticized the Bush administration for having “ made a series of hasty decisions ” in the wake of 9/11 .
But he was a tad gracious : “ I believe that those decisions were motivated by a sincere desire to protect the American people . ”
Yet he did n’t back away from his overall criticism of the Bush - Cheney years :
I also believe that — too often — our government made decisions based upon fear rather than foresight , and all too often trimmed facts and evidence to fit ideological predispositions .
Instead of strategically applying our power and our principles , we too often set those principles aside as luxuries that we could no longer afford .
And in this season of fear , too many of us — Democrats and Republicans ; politicians , journalists and citizens - fell silent .
Ultimately , Obama endeavored to position himself in the high and middle ground :
The recent debate has been obscured by two opposite and absolutist ends .
On one side of the spectrum , there are those who make little allowance for the unique challenges posed by terrorism , and who would almost never put national security over transparency .
On the other end of the spectrum , there are those who embrace a view that can be summarized in two words : “ anything goes . ”
Their arguments suggest that the ends of fighting terrorism can be used to justify any means , and that the President should have blanket authority to do whatever he wants — provided that it is a President with whom they agree .
Both sides may be sincere in their views , but neither side is right .
The American people are not absolutist , and they do n’t elect us to impose a rigid ideology on our problems .
They know that we need not sacrifice our security for our values , nor sacrifice our values for our security , so long as we approach difficult questions with honesty , and care , and a dose of common sense .
It was classic Obama , sounding reasonable , rising above the contentiousness .
Over at AEI ’s 12th floor conference room , the crowd watched him on a big screen , and audience members muttered scornfully as Obama spoke .
The president said he goes to bed and wakes up thinking about keeping the American people safe , and several people around me groaned or said , “ Yeah , right . ”
When Obama explained his decision to ban waterboarding and the like , the audience at the National Archives applauded .
In the AEI conference room , people shook their heads .
When Obama maintained that using torture undermines the rule of law , a person near me exclaimed , “ He really believes this stuff . ”
Obama said , “ We have made our share of mistakes , ” and AEIers grumbled .
Moments after Obama finished , Cheney hit the podium .
And as he spoke , it became clear that he and his fans do believe in absolutism — enthusiastically and righteously ( or self - righteously , as the case may be ) .
“ In the fight against terrorism , ” he declared , “ there is no middle ground . ”
You ’re either all in — or vulnerable to annihilation .
“ There is never a good time to compromise when the lives and safety of the American people are in the balance , ” he said .
Cheney tried to have it both ways .
He claimed the interrogation tactics he supported were not torture but that it ’s essentially okay to do whatever it takes to squeeze information out of terrorists .
( He did n’t call detainees “ terrorist suspects ” ; he referred to them , as he always does , as “ terrorists . ” )
But Cheney was n’t content to draw the difference as one between those with will and those who are wimps .
In trying to define the debate to his favor , the former veep set up a false dichotomy :
Here is the great dividing line in our current debate over national security .
You can look at the facts and conclude that the comprehensive strategy [ of the Bush - Cheney administration ] has worked , and therefore needs to be continued as vigilantly as ever .
Or you can look at the same set of facts and conclude that 9/11 was a one - off event — coordinated , devastating , but also unique and not sufficient to justify a wartime effort .
So it ’s war or not .
Cheney was ignoring Obama ’s actual position : that this is a war — ” Now let me be clear : we are indeed at war with al Qaeda and its affiliates ” — but that the United States still must follow some rules to stay true to its values and core principles .
The true difference in this debate is whether you see the need for balance or adhere to an absolutism that approaches an ends - justifying - the - means stance .
Cheney was not honest enough to acknowledge this .
He argued that either you take 9/11 seriously or you do not .
He wants black and white .
His speech was full of the expected tough rhetoric .
He accused Obama of having mischaracterized the national security decisions of the Bush - Cheney administration .
He blasted the New York Times for disclosing the warrantless wrietap program : “ It impressed the Pulitzer committee , but it damn sure did n’t serve the interests of our country , or the safety of our people . ”
Contradictorily , he slammed Obama for releasing the torture memos while also criticizing him for not intervening and declassifying two documents that Cheney insists shows that waterboarding and other harsh techniques yielded important evidence .
( Cheney has a point : Obama should declassify those records — plus a host of other material on this matter . )
The former vice president mocked those calling for a truth commission and derided the prospect of prosecuting former Bush - Cheney administration officials .
And he repeatedly defended the use of what he would n’t call torture , dismissing public concern :
“ All the zeal that has been directed at interrogations is utterly misplaced . ”
He denounced the “ feigned outrage ” over the use of torture that is “ based on a false narrative , ” adding , “ In my long experience in Washington , few matters have inspired so much contrived indignation and phony moralizing as the interrogation methods applied to a few captured terrorists . ”
And he channeled 24 ’s Jack Bauer , claiming that “ arguments about interrogations ” and other constitutional matters involved in the war on terrorism only reveal to “ the terrorists ” American “ weakness . ”
Cheney did n’t let a demagogic opportunity slip by .
Following the lead of congressional Republicans — and some Democrats — who have warned of disaster should Gitmo detainees be brought to the United States , Cheney decried the use of “ US taxpayer dollars … to support them . ”
But are n’t US taxpayer dollars being used to fund Gitmo ?
And he made it seem as if Obama is about to distribute the Gitmo detainees to states throughout the United States , when surely Cheney knows that convicted terrorists tend to be dispatched to one supermax facility in Florence , Colorado .
But he was on a roll — and that included bashing “ the Left ” for blaming America first .
Cheney ’s speech was loaded with references to 9/11 — and precious few to the Iraq war .
He said little to justify that war .
But he maintained , “ our administration will stand up well in history — not despite our actions after 9/11 but because of them . ”
And he chided those who have second - guessed the Bush - Cheney administration or accused it of “ hubris . ”
( Interest declared : Michael Isikoff and I wrote a book called , Hubris : The Inside Story of Spin , Scandal , and the Selling of the Iraq War . )
When he finished his speech , Cheney left quickly without taking questions –though his office had told AEI he would stick around for a Q&A .
The made - for - cable - TV Obama - Cheney duel did encapsulate an important debate that the country has intermittently waged since that horrific days when two airliners slammed into the World Trade Tower , one hit the Pentagon , and one crashed into a Pennsylvania field .
The AEI audience — which cheered when Cheney said American safety should never be compromised — was in a different world than the one that applauded Obama at the National Archives .
It ’s a stark divide .
In years past , the security - first absolutists have usually held the upper hand politically .
But thanks to Bush and Cheney , that shifted in the last election .
But those election results will not end this debate .
Cheney , for one , showed no signs he will dismount .
His charge will continue — and political strategists can argue whether that helps or hurts his party ( as if he cares ) .
As for the substance of the policy debate , the real world has a way of affecting how such debates play out over the long term .
But Thursday ’s face - off demonstrated how far apart the two sides are .
Clearly , Obama is from Venus , and Cheney is from Mars .
Really from Mars .
You can follow David Corn ’s postings and media appearances via Twitter by clicking here .
The first American woman in space , a co-founder of a small aerospace company and a retired United States Air Force general are among the members of an independent panel that will review the course of the nation ’s human space flight program .
The Obama administration announced last month the creation of the panel that would take a “ fresh look ” at NASA ’s efforts to return to the moon by 2020 .
The panel will be led by Norman R. Augustine , a former chief executive of the Lockheed Martin Corporation who also led a major review of NASA in 1990 .
On Monday , NASA announced the other nine members of the panel :
¶ Wanda M. Austin , president and chief executive of the Aerospace Corporation , which provides engineering analysis on the space program for the government .
The Aerospace Corporation recently conducted a study looking at whether the Delta IV and Atlas V rockets used to launch military satellites could be adapted to carry NASA astronauts .
¶ Bohdan Bejmuk , chairman of a review board overseeing NASA ’s development of next - generation rockets , known as the Constellation program .
Mr. Bejmuk previously managed Boeing ’s involvement in Sea Launch , an ocean platform for launching rockets , and the space shuttle program .
민주주의 후퇴를 우려하는 각계의 시국선언이 9 일 하루 곳곳에서 이어졌다 .
불교계를 대표하는 108인 은 조계사 대웅전 앞에서 시국선언을 하고 있다 .
이종근 김명진 신소영 기자 root2@hani.co.kr
[ 확산되는 시국선언 ]
교수들 1967 명 동참…전체 3000 명 넘어서
“ 이대통령 사과·내각 개편·악법 철회 ” 목소 리
민주주의 후퇴를 우려하는 각계의 시국선언이 9 일 하루 곳곳에서 이어졌다 .
이화여대 반독재투쟁위원회 학생과 교수는 이 학교 학생문화관 앞에서 시국선언을 하고 있다 .
이종근 김명진 신소영 기자 root2@hani.co.kr
민주주의 후퇴를 우려하는 각계의 시국선언이 9 일 하루 곳곳에서 이어졌다 .
불교계를 대표하는 108인은 조계사 대웅전 앞에 서( 위쪽 사진부터 ) , 이화여대 반독재투쟁위원회 학생과 교수는 이 학교 학생문화관 앞에서 , 민주당·민주노동당·창조한국당과 한국청년단체연합 등 청년단체·누리꾼들로 이뤄진 ‘ 민생·민주청년회의 ’ 회원들은 서울 덕수궁 대한문 앞에서 각각 기자회견을 열어 이명박 대통령의 국정쇄신을 촉구하는 시국선언을 하고 있다 .
이종근 김명진 신소영 기자 root2@hani.co.kr
[ %%TAGSTORY1 % %] ‘ 6·10 민주항쟁 ’ 22돌을 하루 앞둔 9일 , 민주주의 후퇴를 우려하고 이명박 대통령의 전면적인 국정 쇄신을 촉구하는 시국선언이 전국에서 봇물 터지듯 쏟아져 나왔다 .
이날에만 부산대와 이화여대 , 강원대 , 전북대 등 전국 54 개 대학의 교수 1967 명 이 시국선언을 발표했으며 , 종교계와 의료계 , 청년·대학생 등 각계각층에서 시국선언 행렬에 참여했다 .
이날 서울에서는 경희대·동국대·숭실대·이화여대 등 6 개 대학에서 412명 의 교수가 시국선언을 냈다. 기독교계 학교인 숭실대 교수들은 시국선언에서 언론·집회의 자유와 ‘ 화합과 포용의 정치 ’ 등을 요구하면 서 “ 한국의 일부 교회 지도자들이 총체적 위기의 근원을 인식하지 못한 채 침묵하거나 장로 대통령에 대한 일방적 옹호로 일관함으로써 일반 사회로부터 점차 유리되는 우를 범하고 있다는 사실을 우려한다 ” 고 밝혔다 .
지역에서는 전남대·조선대 등 광주·전남 지역 23 개 대학의 725명 을 비롯해 대전·충남 지역 11 개 대학 216명 , 충북 지역 7 개 대학 129명 , 부산대 114명 , 전주대 105 명 등이 시국선언을 발표했다 .
이로써 지난 3 일 서울대에서 시작된 시국선언에 참여한 교수들은 전국에서 3200 명을 넘어섰다 .
또 진관 스님 등 스님 108명 은 이날 서울 조계사 대웅전 앞에서 ‘현 시국을 염려하는 108 인 시국선언 기자회견 ’을 열고 △이 대통령이 노무현 전 대통령 서거에 대해 사과하고 , 당국자 문책과 내각 개편으로 민심을 수습할 것 △미디어 관련법과 비정규직법 같은 악법을 강제적으로 처리하지 말 것 △악화일로에 놓인 대북관계 개선을 위해 노력할 것 등을 요구했다 .
교회개혁실천연대 등 22 개 기독교단체들도 시국선언을 발표하고 “ 이 대통령이 난국을 불러일으킨 데 대한 진심 어린 사과와 함께 , 용산 참사 책임자와 전직 대통령의 죽음을 불러온 표적수사 기획자들을 문책하라 ” 고 요구했다 .
대전에서는 의사·한의사·치과의사 등 보건의료인 73명이 시국선언을 발표하고 “ 현 시국이 매우 엄중한 위기에 처해 있고 국민 건강과 민주주의도 심각한 위협을 받고 있다 ” 며
“ 민주주의 에 어긋나는 공안통치를 즉각 중단하고 신자유주의적 보건정책과 입법안을 즉각 철회하라 ” 고 촉구했다 .
청년·대학생들의 시국선언도 이날 절정을 이뤘다 .
서울에서는 이날 오후 대한불교청년회 , 원불교청년회와 청년누리꾼 모임인 대한민국청년연합 , 50여개 시민·사회단체의 청년활동가 등 청년 505명 이 모여 ‘ 6 월항 쟁 계승 , 민주주의 수호를 위한 청년 시국선언 ’을 내놓았다 .
부산에서는 부산청년회 , 새물결청년회 등 청년단체와 부경대 민주동문회 , 인제대 민주동문회 등 7 개 대학 민주동문회가 연합해 시국선언을 발표했다 .
광주·전남 지역에서도 17 개 대학 학생이 모인 ‘ 광주전남대학생연 합 ’이 광주시 옛 전남도청 앞에서 정부의 국정 쇄신을 요구하는 시국선언을 했다 .
박수진 기자 , 전국종 합 jin21@hani.co.kr
전국 대학 시국선언문 전문 및 참여 교수 명단 ( 클릭 )
Credit card fraud is running rampant .
The only way to be sure your bussiness or place of employment is protected is if the credit card passes through a credit card terminal .
Credit card companies are in the bussiness of protecting individual card holders and not companies .
This is reasonable as the amount of credit card fraud that occurs is unbelievable .
On a day to day basis we tend to worry about small criminals and petty theft that is not calculated , or at least I did until a recent event occurred .
I would like to share this story to spread awareness .
Details have been ommitted because I want to share the story without sharing where the event occurred .
I recieved a call on a Friday afternoon requesting a large item for an event the following day that the " customer " was going to have picked up .
It was an urgent situation and he was unable to come into the store because he was working on a big developement project on Lake Simcoe .
The party was for his staff .
He provided his name , Toronto address ( which was in an extremely wealthy area nearby ) and credit card number with the CID .
I asked him if he had access to a fax machine because I would have faxed him a credit card authorization form .
He said that he did not but that his driver was authorized to sign for his business card because it was a bussiness VISA .
There were mutiple conversations back and fourth and the call display showed " his " bussiness name Preffered Services .
The item that the " customer " needed to be disassembled was quite an ordeal to prepare for his staff to pick up .
He even said that he would send some guys to help us do the job .
So we proceeded to do what we could the following day and then waited for the men to arrive .
When the people he was supposed to be sending were late I called the " customer . "
He told me that the truck they had intended to use for the pick - up had broken down and that he could not take the large item .
Also he said that it was not what his partner wanted either .
I said " Oh no it was almost ready for you too . "
He said that he felt terrible and he would pay staff wages for the work we had to do .
I said " No do not worry about it .
You could not have known that your truck was going to break down and if your partner does not want it then I will just refund your card . "
He said " No you have gone to far too much trouble .
I owe you the bussiness .
Just issue me a gift certificate and I will use it later .
I will send one of my guys in to pick it up . "
I said " Well you do not have to do that but that is very nice of you . "
I created the Gift Certificate .
The driver arrived and said his boss gave him a list of things that he wanted to use the gift certificate for if we had anything suitable .
I said we only had floor models and I wanted the " customer " to come in at a later date and get something that was new and truly catered to his tastes since it was an expensive purchase .
So the " Driver " left with the Gift Certificate and called his boss .
The " customer " called again and said he understood my concern about selling him expensive items that he has not seen but it is just for his cottage where they are doing the developement project and he trusts his driver to choose appropriate items .
He said that he would come in and custom order items for his Toronto home but that the cottage did not matter .
Mainly he just really wanted something specific for the company BBQ .
The tone of his voice was understanding and compassionate .
He said to just use the Gift Certificate for two key items he wanted and to use the rest for small items like BBQ sets which would be useful .
I said ok and the " driver " returned a little bit later .
We put together the amount on the gift certificate with items in the store .
The driver and I were talking and I said it was hard for me to spend someone elses money .
He gave me this whole story about how his boss was a Millionaire and he was really nice and took care of people .
The driver said he was a little embarassed .
He said that he used to be a proffessional Cabin Builder and he was injured on the job , and when this happened his Boss put him on light duties such as running errands and so on permanently for 30 dollars an hour .
He said he also gave him large amounts of cash for doing spur of the moment requests .
He said one time he paid him $ 1000.00 to pick up 2 laptops for his children who were going off to Europe the following day .
So the " Driver " left with two key items and other accessories that would have been useful for the BBQ .
Four days later we recieved a call from a woman asking what we sold at our store and said she had no idea what our company was but that she had a large charge on her VISA .
This transaction amount matched with the sale to the " Deveolper . "
Since I had never dealt with a fraud incident before I was nieve and bought the whole story hook line and sinker .
However , it was a learning experience .
Now I know to watch out for someone trying to establish a persona by imparting a lot of information about themselves , to watch out for excessive compassion and communication because it is a technique to establish trust , and to call the credit card company and verify information prior to product leaving the store if a physical presentation of a credit card cannot be made .
Also bussiness names on caller id 's mean nothing .
A criminal can have their caller ID display whatever they want and they can do it with a pay as you go cell phone that is untraceable .
It is just like the Police officer said when we filed the theft report " If it sounds too good to be true it is . "
You may have experienced this pattern before .
You start a brand new job and work extremely hard in the beginning to establish yourself and your reputation .
Photo by Just Taken Pics
At first , the nature of the work is extremely challenging .
You are constantly learning and trying to keep up with your coworkers .
You find yourself staying late at the office just to get by .
As time passes however , you become adept at your job .
You find ways to do your work faster and more efficiently .
You become proficient and an expert at what you do .
As more time passes , you feel comfortable and at ease with your job .
You find yourself able to finish all of your work in an 8 hour day .
You have more free time to spend at home .
Things become cushy .
Is it time to leave ?
One Perspective
I was chatting with a close friend of mine over the weekend about complacency at the workplace .
Turns out that he recently quit his job to join a company that builds completely different products than his last firm .
While the nature of his work will be fairly similar , the culture and pace of his new company will be a brand new experience .
Inevitably , he will have to work longer hours as well .
So I asked him why he changed jobs .
After all , he has a wife and child at home whom he loves spending time with .
His former job was a 9 - 5 type job that lent him plenty of time at night to hang out with his family .
In addition , he never had to work weekends and the job itself was pretty low stress .
Why did he give all of that up for a new job where he ’ll have to work many more hours and re-establish himself ?
Why did he sacrifice the additional family time for a new job that is more demanding ?
My friend has a policy when it comes to work .
He never stays at any company longer than 3 - 4 years and he ’ll leave even earlier if he starts to feel complacent at any time .
He describes his job hopping behavior as an itch that develops when he starts any job that can only be scratched by switching companies .
In short , he always leaves his company if any of the following are true .
He ’s not learning anymore
Company politics are getting in the way of work
He ’s getting bored at work
He ’s does n’t feel like he needs to challenge himself anymore
His reasons seem fundamentally sound .
Why stay at a job if you feel complacent ?
Why stay with your current employer unless it ’s your dream job ?
Another Perspective
While I agree with all of his reasons for switching companies , I ca n’t help but feel as though he ’s missing out on a completely different opportunity .
What opportunity am I referring to ?
If your current job pays you enough to support your family and it also provides you with lots of free time , why not use that free time towards your financial independence ?
Why take on another job that will make you work longer hours for someone else ?
At the end of the day , those additional hours of work at the new job are still going towards benefiting someone else .
Those extra hours are not going to put more money in your bank account except for maybe a small raise .
Cushy = Opportunity
If you ever want to break out of the rat race and be your own boss , there ’s no better time than when you have a cushy job .
I ’m not saying that you should slack off in any way .
You should still perform at your peak while you are on the job .
But you should finish your work as quickly and as efficiently as possible so you can go home and work on your independence .
People always make the excuse that starting their own business is risky .
But when you start a business on the side , you still have your entire salary from your paycheck and there is absolutely no risk whatsoever .
You will continue to be paid while devoting your extra time towards something more meaningful .
What Can I Possibly Accomplish On The Side ?
You ’ll be surprised at what you can accomplish with the time away from work .
Hypothetically speaking , if you get off work at 6 pm and eat dinner , that leaves about 3 - 4 hours a night that you can put towards your own business .
Couple that with the weekends and you can get a serious amount of work done .
If you want to think about it in a different way , you are devoting the extra hours you would have been working at your new job towards your own venture .
All of your time goes directly to your own top line .
Should You Stay At Your Cushy Job ?
The revised answer to this question should be a resounding yes , but only if you eventually want to be your own boss .
Your cushy job presents a unique opportunity in which you can make a full salary while challenging yourself at the same time .
But heck , there ’s nothing wrong with wanting to live the rest of your life working for someone else if that ’s what you want to do .
But would n’t it be nice to give yourself the ultimate challenge ?
Ready To Get Serious About Starting An Online Business ?
If you are really considering starting your own online business , then you have to check out my free mini course on How To Create A Niche Online Store In 5 Easy Steps .
In this 6 day mini course , I reveal the steps that my wife and I took to earn 100 thousand dollars in the span of just a year .
Best of all , it 's free and you 'll receive weekly ecommerce tips and strategies !
Note :
This post above may contain affiliate links , which means that I may receive a commission if you make a purchase when clicking a link .
Please consult our privacy policy for more information .
Have you read these ?
Analysis :
The changing landscape of communications intelligence
April 27 , 2009 by intelNews
By JOSEPH FITSANAKIS and IAN ALLEN | intelNews.org |
Joseph Fitsanakis and Ian Allen have authored a new scholarly paper on communications intelligence , focusing specifically on the use of telephony intelligence in the 2008 - 2009 Israel - Gaza conflict .
The paper , entitled Cell Wars : The Changing Landscape of Communications Intelligence , is available ( .pdf ) on the website of the Research Institute on European and American Studies .
We argue that the 2008 - 2009 Israel - Gaza conflict featured a series of innovative approaches to communications intelligence , which included utilizing civilian telephone networks to achieve tactical and psychological objectives .
The “ cell war ” between the IDF and Hamas is indicative of an ongoing global struggle between asymmetrical insurgents and state actors to control large - scale telecommunications structures .
“ Cell wars ” have been taking place for quite some time in Iraq , Somalia , Afghanistan , Lebanon , Syria , and several other nations , including the United States .
Weapons in this hi-tech conflict include surveillance satellites , voice scramblers , encryption software and mobile phone cameras , among other technologies .
Essentially , this war is being fought over the control over national and international telecommunications grids , and centers increasingly on telecommunications service providers - companies such as Jawwal in Palestine , Roshan in Afghanistan , or Mobilink in Pakistan .
These companies are rapidly becoming combat zones in a battle to control the channels of digital communications in 21st - century asymmetrical warfare .
Justice defends DOMA
President Obama called the Defense of Marriage Act " abhorrent " on the campaign trail and won praise from gay rights advocates for promising to reverse the whole act , not just one section .
But for now , Americablog finds , his Justice Department is defending it as the law of the land — and defending it forcefully , with analogies to incest and child marriage .
The government 's motion to dismiss is below ; here 's John Aravosis :
It 's pretty despicable .
And before Obama claims he did n't have a choice , he had a choice .
Bush , Reagan and Clinton all filed briefs in court opposing current federal law as being unconstitutional ( we 'll be posting more about that later ) .
Obama could have done the same .
But instead he chose to defend DOMA , denigrate our civil rights , go back on his promises , and contradict his own statements that DOMA was " abhorrent . "
Obama 's Motion to Dismiss Marriage case
Publish at Scribd or explore others : obama doma
Curry is a universal programming language aiming to amalgamate the most important declarative programming paradigms , namely functional programming and logic programming .
Moreover , it also covers the most important operational principles developed in the area of integrated functional logic languages : “ residuation ” and “ narrowing ” .
There is an older survey and a newer survey on functional logic programming .
There is also a short review on functional logic programming which provides a good introduction into the basic ideas and features of functional logic programming and Curry .
Curry combines in a seamless way features from functional programming ( nested expressions , higher - order functions , lazy evaluation ) , logic programming ( logical variables , partial data structures , built - in search ) , and concurrent programming ( concurrent evaluation of expressions with synchronization on logical variables ) .
Moreover , Curry provides additional features in comparison to the pure languages ( compared to functional programming : search , computing with partial information ; compared to logic programming : more efficient evaluation due to the deterministic and demand - driven evaluation of functions ) .
The development of Curry is an international initiative intended to provide a common platform for the research , teaching and application of integrated functional logic languages .
The design of Curry is mainly discussed in the Curry mailing list .
A detailed report describing the language is available .
To get an idea of Curry , you may have a look into the short list of Curry 's features or a tutorial on Curry .
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - One of China ’s best known dissidents , Liu Xiaobo , has been formally arrested on suspicion of inciting subversion , following his detention late last year for promoting a petition calling for an end to one - party rule .
The move brings one of the most prominent critics of the ruling Communist Party a step closer to trial , and it will be a blow to supporters and human rights groups who had hoped he would be released after China passed the politically sensitive 20th anniversary of the 1989 pro-democracy Tiananmen protests .
State news agency Xinhua said on Wednesday prosecutors approved Liu ’s arrest by Beijing police on Tuesday for “ alleged agitation activities aimed at subversion of government and overthrowing of the socialist system . ”
“ Liu has been engaged in agitation activities , such as spreading of rumours and defaming of the government , aimed at subversion of the state and overthrowing the socialism system in recent years , ” Xinhua quoted police as saying in a statement .
If indicted and convicted , the 53 - year - old dissident could be sentenced to a maximum of 15 years in prison , according to Mo Shaoping , an attorney who has been barred from representing Liu because the lawyer also signed the Charter 08 petition that the dissident helped launch .
“ It ’s still in the investigation stage , ” Mo said .
Xinhua reported that Liu “ confessed to the charge in preliminary police investigation . ”
Veteran Chinese pro-democracy activist Liu Xiaobo makes a point during a March 1995 file photo .
One of China 's best known dissidents , Liu , has been formally arrested on suspicion of inciting subversion , following his detention late last year for promoting a petition calling for an end to one - party rule .
REUTERS / Will Burgess / Files
But his family and friends say he has been unfairly persecuted for peaceful expression .
Rights groups Amnesty International and the China Human Rights Lawyers Concern Group also condemned the arrest .
“ This use of state security charges to punish activists for merely expressing their views must stop , ” said Amnesty ’s Asia Pacific Deputy Programme Director Roseann Rife .
“ The authorities must drop the politically - motivated prosecution against Liu Xiaobo who merely peacefully exercised his rights to freedom of expression . ”
HISTORY OF PROTEST
Liu has been allowed to meet his wife twice since he was taken into custody last December .
He was visibly thinner but appeared healthy and calm .
“ Xiaobo told a Beijing Public Security Bureau officer to tell me not to worry too much ... ( but ) I ’m very worried .
He has already been arrested .
They will convict and sentence him , ” his wife , Liu Xia , told Reuters by telephone .
Liu has been a thorn in the government ’s side since 1989 when he joined a hunger strike in support of student protesters days before the army crushed the pro-democracy movement centered on Tiananmen Square on June 4 that year .
Late last year , he was among 303 dissidents and rights activists who launched “ Charter 08 , ” a petition calling for the dismantling of one - party rule and creation of multi-party democracy .
About 9,000 people have signed the petition since .
“ Liu Xiaobo is expressing his right to free speech .
This is a basic right ... the Communist Party simply should n’t be detaining people like this , ” Jiang Qisheng , a dissident who also signed Charter 08 , said in an interview in February .
Liu was jailed for 20 months in the wake of 1989 and again in the 1990s , spending three years at a labor camp and eight months under virtual house arrest .
But he has remained a vocal and acerbic critic of the government , often publishing essays on overseas Chinese websites .
He also helped found the Independent Chinese PEN group , which has campaigned against censorship and political controls .
Cleveland Mayor Frank Jackson plans to make his re-election candidacy official at 3:30 this afternoon , when he delivers petitions to the Cuyahoga County Board of Elections .
Jackson has more than the 3,000 signatures he needs , a campaign spokesman said .
The filing deadline is June 25 .
The mayor 's bid for a second term came as no surprise when he announced his intentions in April .
But his name does not show up on the list ( PDF ) of those who have pulled petitions for the race .
None of those 13 individuals has yet turned in signatures for pre-check , according to the elections board .
The field is likely to include announced candidates such as Kimberly F. Brown , Norbert Dennerll , Laverne Jones Gore and Ricky Pittman .
Others who might throw their hats into the ring include former Councilman Bill Patmon and attorney Michael Nelson .
Erik Buck , author of Cocoa Design Patterns , talks with David Chisnall about the history of modern Apple development from it 's NeXTSTEP beginnings to Cocoa and Objective - C today .

Erik Buck is the co-author of Cocoa Design Patterns and a long - time Objective - C programmer .
I talked to him about how he 's seen the Cocoa platform evolve from OpenStep , and where he sees it going in the future .
Although OS X is relatively new , it is built on top of technology that has been under development since Steve Jobs founded NeXT in the mid ' 80s .
Erik has been working with this platform for over two decades , and for several years ran a successful software company developing software for NeXT machines .
His perspective on the development of Cocoa , from its beginnings in NeXTSTEP and its evolution through the OpenStep specification , provide some interesting insights .
David Chisnall : What caused you to learn Objective - C originally ?
Was it very different to other languages you knew at the time , and what features of the language did you like the most ?
Erik Buck : I saw a demonstration of the original NeXT Cube ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NeXT) computer in late 1988 when I was a student at the University of Dayton .
I was captivated and later drove to play with Cubes in Cincinnati and the Ohio State University in Columbus .
The original NeXT demonstration applications included digital signal processing for sound and Display Postscript for graphics .
Believe it or not , the price was right too .
For $ 7500 with a student discount , I got a much more capable NeXT system at a fraction of the price of a Mac II or any of the popular Unix workstations from the time .
At about the same time , I attended a seminar on ATT's " C with Classes , " a.k.a. C++ , which introduced me to object - oriented programming .
I remember wondering at the time " what was the big deal ? "
I managed to avoid really understanding Objective - C for at least a couple of years .
I primarily wrote code in C using the Unix APIs , and I ported a lot of assembly language software originally written for the Atari ST computer .
However , there was no way to avoid the heart of NeXTstep : Interface Builder and the various Objective - C frameworks including AppKit.
NeXTstep became Mac OS X and Cocoa .
Interface Builder and AppKit a .k.a.
Application Kit Framework remain .
My first projects with Objective - C included writing a Tetris clone because my roommate derided any computer that did n't have a Tetris game .
I confounded my college professors by turning in assignments written in Objective - C , but they were very supportive in the end .
Objective - C grew on me gradually , and I appreciated the ability to mix procedural C code , functional Postscript code , and object - oriented code all in the same source file .
I learned the NeXT frameworks from the documentation and the excellent book , NeXTSTEP Programming : STEP ONE : Object - Oriented Applications by Simson Garfinkel and Michael K. Mahoney .
The NeXT programming community was very tight - knit in the early 90s .
It was not only possible but likely that you would meet the key developers both inside and outside NeXT .
I was inspired by people like Andrew Stone of Stone Design ( http://www.stone.com/New.html) and Jonathan Schwartz of Lighthouse Design ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lighthouse_Design).
There were numerous NeXT related start - up companies and a wealth of excellent third party software .
The excitement was contagious .
NeXTstep and Objective - C were inspiring innovative new applications like WorldWideWeb ( http://www.w3.org/People/Berners-Lee/WorldWideWeb.html), Lotus Improv ( http://simson.net/clips/1991/91.NW.Improv.html), Diagram ! , and Tailor ( http://www.blackholeinc.com/catalog/software/Software/Graphics/Tailor.shtml).
Obviously , I had to start a company too .
My company , EMB & Associates Inc. , produced NeXTstep based design software for aerospace .
The easiest way to describe our application was " Interface Builder for aircraft cockpits . "
Pictures of our application and its results appeared on the cover of nearly every aerospace magazine .
We sold most of our intellectual property to a Fortune 500 company in 1996 .
The company continued for several years dabbling in the computer game industry before closing in 2002 .
I currently work as a Product Line Manager and Senior Staff for a different large aerospace company .
Tim Berners
Lee once commented that his pioneering WorldWideWeb application was only feasible at the time because of NeXTstep .
That was certainly true for my company 's application .
There were two failed attempts to port our application to Java , and each of the attempts likely cost more than the original development .
DC : I think you 're the only person I 've spoken to who liked the PostScript part of programming on NeXT .
What kind of thing did embedding PostScript in your code make easy and what do you do on OS X , where Display PostScript is not present ?
EB : Display Postscript provided a resolution independent What You See Is What You Get ( WYSIWYG ) display system with floating point coordinates and alpha channel transparency at a time when integer based VGA graphics were an extra-cost upgrade for competing systems .
Apple has preserved and enhanced the Postscript imaging model with Quartz 's implementation of display PDF .
Display Postscript provided a client server graphics model with stored procedures on the server .
That provided several advantages that are only slowly coming back to MAC OS X .
The most obvious feature lost with the transition to Quartz was remote display .
It used to be common to display the output of an application on a different computer than the one running the application .
The capabilities of stored procedures are coming back in different forms .
For example , the Core Imaging model uses stored programatic " filters " that execute asynchronously on the graphics processor .
Postscript programs were like Core Image filters for 2D vector graphics .
They allowed external parametric inputs to drive potentially complex rendering tasks that were performed asynchronously by a remote processor .
Think Quartz Composer for vector graphics .
In some respects , Tailor.app was Quartz Composer for Postscript graphics .
Postscript was a " Turing complete " programming language that allowed arbitrary computation on a " graphics processor " in the same way that current trends toward General Purpose GPUs are allowing arbitrary computation on a graphics processor ( http://gpgpu.org/).
Modern Quartz Extreme tries to offload more and more work to asynchronous processing by the graphics subsystem as enabled by Apple 's announced " Grand Central " parallel processing technology .
I like Quartz very much , and I appreciate many of the enhancements like standard antialiasing that have been provided as the PDF imaging model has advanced beyond Postscript .
Display Postscript , like Cocoa , was far ahead of its time .
DC : How much of the structure of Cocoa do you think comes from the language and how much would be the same if OpenStep had been designed for , say , Java or C ++?
EB : Object - oriented programming languages fall into two major categories : those inspired by Simula and those inspired by Smalltalk .
The term " object - oriented " was coined by Alan Kay , the creator of Smalltalk , but he later regretted the term .
Languages inspired by Smalltalk are actually " message - oriented " because the distinguishing feature of Smalltalk style languages is the ability to send messages to anonymous receivers .
C++ is a language that grafts Simula - style object orientation onto the C programming language while simultaneously trying to improve C. Objective - C is a language that grafts Smalltalk style message sending onto C while preserving the base C language unchanged .
Both languages started from C because they wanted to preserve the world 's investment in billions of lines of C code while providing a more productive path to the future .
Java was partly inspired by Objective - C. For example , Java " interfaces " reused the idea of Objective C " protocols . "
Java and C# use C++ like syntax but abandoned C semantics in favor of protected virtual machines .
In theory , Cocoa could have been written in C++ or Java .
In practice , the message - oriented nature of Objective - C is what makes Cocoa feasible and so amazingly productive .
Qt Software / Trolltech 's
Qt framework is the closest thing you will find to a C++ re-imagining of Cocoa .
Qt uses C++ with several non-standard extensions implemented by an additional pre-processor .
The pre-processor is necessary to enable Objective - C like expressiveness and defines a messaging like capability .
To my eye , Microsoft 's C# .NET Framework is becoming very Cocoa like .
Microsoft has finally embraced the Model View Controller design pattern that is ubiquitous in Cocoa .
The C# language is evolving to be closer in concept to Objective -C .
There is no better argument in favor of the trade - offs provided by Objective C than the elegance of Cocoa .
Seamlessly use C. Provide easy bridges to other dynamic languages like Python and Ruby .
Network distributed messages use identical syntax to local messages .
I would argue that Cocoa would be much less elegant if it were implemented in another language .
DC : A lot of the original Gang of Four design patterns came from Smalltalk - 80 , which was also the inspiration for Objective - C and a lot of Cocoa .
Can you give some examples of patterns that are unique to OpenStep / Cocoa ?
EB : The Gang of Four frequently cite examples of their patterns not only in Smalltalk but in NeXTstep .
Design patterns are intended to be reusable solutions to recurring problems .
As a result , patterns are seldom unique to any one technology .
The patterns in Cocoa can be found in other frameworks .
However , the Objective - C language makes many of the original Gang of Four design patterns trivial or unnecessary .
The goal of object - oriented programming is to maximize programmer productivity by reducing lifetime software development and maintenance costs .
The principal technique used to achieve the goal is object reuse .
Design patterns identify successful strategies for achieving reuse on a larger scale than individual objects .
The principal obstacle to reuse is coupling .
Coupling refers to dependencies between objects .
Whenever such dependencies exist , they reduce opportunities for reusing the objects independently .
All of the Cocoa design patterns exist in part to limit or avoid coupling .
Objective - C helps to minimize coupling by allowing dynamic typing , messages to anonymous receivers , heterogeneous containers , message forwarding , and in Objective - C 2.0 , properties .
The consistency with which Cocoa applies patterns is astonishing and contributes to legendary high programmer productivity .
Ironically , the same consistency is a barrier to getting started .
You can't take Cocoa 's patterns a la cart .
They are all interrelated , and if you do n't understand a key pattern it will impede everything you attempt .
You just can't get started without understanding Delegates , and then you can't use Delegates effectively until understand the Responder Chain which leads you to Hierarchies and Targets and Actions .
DC : You mentioned that some patterns are made unnecessary by Objective - C .
The one that springs to my mind is the command pattern , since every Objective - C message send is an equivalent of this .
Can you give some other examples ?
EB : Objective - C selectors and messaging largely eliminate the need for the Command design pattern , but Cocoa 's NSInvocation class still provides a concrete implementation of the command pattern .
The command pattern is used by other frameworks to provide target / action like capabilities and to support features like scripting , undo , and redo that are all almost automatic with no code when you use Cocoa .
I think all of the famous GoF patterns exist within Cocoa , but many are either trivially implemented or made less necessary thanks to Objective - C. For example , the Cocoa convention of two stage allocation and initialization makes the GoF Abstract factory and Builder patterns trivial .
Cocoa 's Responder Chain was the inspiration for the GoF Chain of Responsibility pattern , but Cocoa 's implementation is greatly simplified by Objective - C and the language 's built in support for Command pattern capabilities and introspection like - respondsToSelector : .
DC : The question for every Objective - C 2 programmer : what do you think of the dot syntax for property accessors ?
Love it , hate it , or totally ambivalent to it ?
EB : I agree with Aaron Hillegass that dot syntax is " silly . "
I think it 's even a little harmful because it masks the crucial message sending that is really happening under the surface and provides the real power and flexibility of the language .
When I glance at code , I want to see the messages , and dot syntax obfuscates the messaging .
Having said that , the dot syntax is a very small addition to the language .
I do n't want to blow it out of proportion .
The related properties syntax is a great addition to the language .
Properties allow additional expressiveness and communication of usage and intent in object interfaces .
DC : Objective - C 2 introduced a lot of small changes , and a couple of large ones .
What are your favourites , and are there any you do n't like ?
EB : I like the properties syntax in Objective - C 2.0 .
A single @property declaration eliminates two method declarations that would otherwise be needed while simultaneously expressing intention / usage information than would otherwise have to be provided in comments / documentation .
Coupled with @synthesize used in class implementations , the properties syntax reduces the amount of code I write .
As Steve Jobs once said , " the least expensive , most bug - free line of code is the one you did n't have to write . "
Properties also provide language level formalization of framework conventions like method naming for Key Value Coding .
I think properties syntax points the direction toward even more language level dynamic behavior .
DC : Would you recommend Cocoa and Objective - C to someone thinking about learning to program ?
If not , what language and environment would you suggest ?
EB : I think the C subset of Objective - C is the hardest part to teach someone who is just learning to program .
I have taught Objective - C and Cocoa to many experienced programmers , and I am currently teaching my 14 year old son to program .
I think Python is a great teaching language because is allows the student to achieve interesting results very quickly and postpones the need to explore more advanced concepts .
Mac OS X's Python / Objective - C bridge , PyObjC , lets Python programmers enjoy Cocoa with a minimum of fuss .
My son and I have had fun playing with the excellent and free F - Script ( http://www.fscript.org/)
The tutorials , " Exploring Cocoa with F - Script " and " Learn F - Script in 20 Minutes and Have Fun Playing with Core Image , " are a great way to introduce a novice to Cocoa .
DC : Coming from a NeXT background , did you ever investigate the GNUstep project for porting your code elsewhere ?
EB : I have used GNUstep for several personal projects over the years .
I have also used Cocotron ( http://www.cocotron.org/).
I own a 3D game engine that was written in Objective - C during the dark period after Apple killed Objective - C++ and before Apple resurrected it .
I achieved cross platform support by using my own pre-processor that translated Objective - C into a subset of C++ and used a runtime that was written in C ++.
This allowed easy intermixing of Objective - C and C++ that enabled proper behavior when C++ objects were used as Objective - C instance variables etc .
I never did get C++ exceptions with stack unrolling to work right though .
Several years ago , I used my tool chain to translate / recompile most of GNUstep .
The result was some truly ugly C++ code that nevertheless compiled and ran on nearly any Unix system that has a C++ compiler .
I have supplied flex / bison based Objective - C scanners / parsers to many people over the years , but I do n't know if or how they were ever used .
I am currently fascinated by the possibilities of LLVM ( http://llvm.org/).
DC : What projects are you currently working on ?
EB : Like everyone else , I have an iPhone game in the works as a hobby project .
The game has had a long history with on - again off - again publishing contracts for a Windows version .
Right now , it looks like it will be self - published , and the iPhone and Mac OS X desktop versions will be the first or only places it ships .
The iPhone App store is a revolution for software distribution .
It has the potential to eliminate brick and mortar software sales .
If / when that happens , what role will game publishers have ?
Even now , game publishers exist almost solely to lend money , generate publicity , and rent shelf space .
DC : What future directions do you see for Cocoa ?
EB : There is a lot of excitement surrounding Mac OS X and iPhone development , and it 's about time !
Technology that I love is becoming mainstream , and since about 2002 Apple has been consistently advancing the state of the art in software development .
From 1996 until about 2002 , Apple removed or neutered feature after feature from Cocoa without providing replacements .
( Objective - C EOF , 3D Kit , Music Kit , NeXTtime , Sound Kit , Indexing Kit , D'OLE , Objective - C WebObjects , asynchronous graphics )
Ever since , Apple has been restoring features : QTKit is the future of multimedia .
Core Data , Key Value Coding , and Key Value Observing have restored the best features of EOF .
Spotlight resurrects much of Indexing Kit .
Following the pattern , I expect to see future Webkit based dynamic web page content generating features .
Apple is also adding new capabilities : Core Animation Layers show the future direction and tremendous promise .
I expect to see even more advances in the direction of asynchronous graphics processing .
I expect the forthcoming Mac OS X Snow Leopard to set a new high standard for performance on multi-core computers .
I predict that Cocoa will see huge performance enhancements in areas like text layout , spotlight , and multimedia thanks to Grand Central and Apple 's fantastic developer / profiling tools including compiler improvements .
This claim has a few ambiguities to it .
First of all , “ poisonous ” and “ venomous ” are two distinctly different qualities : poisonous animals give off toxins which are absorbed when they are touched or eaten by attackers ; venomous animals transmit toxins by injecting them into their victims .
Secondly , more than one type of critter is referred to as a “ daddy longlegs . ”
The crane fly , a winged insect which looks like a large mosquito , is called a daddy longlegs in some parts of the world ( such as England ) , but it is not venomous ( nor is it a type of spider ) .
The pholcus phalangioides , also referred to as the long - legged cellar spider , is an example of a “ daddy longlegs ” spider , probably the one referred to here as being the world ’s “ most poisonous animal ” :
In terms of being poisonous ( i.e. , posing a danger to people who might eat or handle it ) , a daddy longlegs spider ca n’t compare to the South American poison dart frog .
And according to the Spiders and other Arachnids site at the University of California , Riverside , there ’s no evidence that daddy longlegs spider venom poses any danger to humans :
There is no reference to any pholcid spider biting a human and causing any detrimental reaction .
If these spiders were indeed deadly poisonous but could n’t bite humans , then the only way we would know that they are poisonous is by milking them and injecting the venom into humans .
For a variety of reasons including Amnesty International and a humanitarian code of ethics , this research has never been done .
Furthermore , there are no toxicological studies testing the lethality of pholcid venom on any mammalian system ( this is usually done with mice ) .
Therefore , no information is available on the likely toxic effects of their venom in humans , so the part of the myth about their being especially poisonous is just that : a myth .
There is no scientific basis for the supposition that they are deadly poisonous and there is no reason to assume that it is true .
The mathematical maps of theoretical physics — the Standard Model of particle physics and the Big Bang model of cosmology — have been highly successful in guiding our understanding of the Universe at the largest and smallest scales .
Linking these two scales together is one of the golden goals of theoretical physics .
But at the point where these maps merge , at the very edges of our understanding of these fields , lies one of the most controversial concepts in physics : the cosmological constant .
A very tiny map
When repairs at the Large Hadron Collider are finished this summer , the hunt for the Higgs boson will resume .
But how do the LHC physicists know what they are looking for ?
How do they come up with theories that predict particles they have never seen ?
Just how does theoretical physics work anyway ?
Occasionally , advances in theoretical physics are due to intuition alone .
But most of the time physicists have a map to guide them , a mathematical map of the Universe , which tells them what to expect to find and how things should behave .
One such map is the Standard Model of particle physics .
While most of us still have a picture in our heads of atoms having a hard centre of protons and neutrons , with electrons whizzing about them , the current understanding of the smallest building blocks of matter is more sophisticated .
The Standard Model describes the interactions of 12 fundamental particles and the force carrying particles for the fundamental forces of electromagnetism and the strong and weak nuclear forces .
( You can read more about the Standard Model in The physics of elementary particles and this issue 's Particle hunting at the LHC . )
The mathematics is based on the underlying symmetries that govern these fundamental forces .
For example , the electromagnetic field around a conducting wire is symmetrical around the wire — you can rotate the wire ( around an axis running along the wire ) and it wo n't affect the electromagnetic field .
This kind of symmetry is described by the group of rotations on a circle , called U ( 1 ) , and this defines how particles behave in an electromagnetic field .
( You can read more about symmetry and group theory on Plus in The power of groups and Through the looking - glass . )
The symmetry groups provide the framework for all the possible ways these fundamental particles and forces can interact , enabling physicists to write down equations , called Lagrangians , predicting these possible interactions .
As you would expect , these equations are incredibly complicated and can involve an infinite number of terms .
But with a deft mathematical manoeuvre , called renormalisation , these unwieldy equations can be turned into something very useful when operating within certain limits : an effective theory that allows definite predictions about physics at the quantum scale .
These effective theories have been incredibly successful , mapping out the landscape of particle physics for much of the last century .
In fact , almost everything predicted by the Standard Model has now been experimentally verified .
For example , Wolfgang Pauli predicted the existence of neutrinos in 1930 , in order to preserve the conservation of energy and momentum in a type of radioactive decay .
Physicists in the 1960s then realised that there were more than one type of neutrino , and in 2000 the final type , the tau neutrino , was observed in an experiment at Fermilab in the US .
The final piece of the puzzle of the Standard Model is the Higgs boson , which will hopefully be observed at the LHC when it starts up again later this year .
( You can read more in Particle hunting at the LHC . )
Boldly going where no one has gone before
The Standard Model has proved stunningly effective up to the energies accessible so far — about 1 TeV or 1012 electron Volts , which is about a tenth of the energy particles will have in the LHC .
An important question is whether new physics will be seen at the LHC , or whether the Standard Model will continue to hold sway all the way up to the Planck scale of 1015 TeV ( where quantum gravity must necessarily come into play ) .
An important clue to where the cut - off of the Standard Model might be ( such that the model no longer applies for energies above this cut - off ) comes from observing the behaviour of two terms in the Lagrangian which increase with the cut - off energy .
One of these terms is the radiative correction to the Higgs mass , which describes how the Higgs boson is affected by its interactions with other particles .
" As the Higgs boson is a fundamental scalar it sees all particles propagating in the vacuum , and it couples to their mass , and therefore it gets a correction to its own mass , " says Subir Sarkar , professor of theoretical physics at the University of Oxford .
This correction is proportional to the square of the cut - off energy , so if the Standard Model does work all the way up to the Planck scale then the Higgs boson 's mass is predicted to be far larger than the value that could exist in nature , according to experimental results .
The solution that physicists have come up with is to invoke a new symmetry of nature — a supersymmetry between the fundamental particles associated with matter and forces — which would cancel this mass correction altogether .
However , supersymmetry cannot be exact since it would then predict that all the particles in the Standard Model have superpartners of exactly the same mass — and this is not the case .
" Thus supersymmetry must effectively be broken such that the superpartners are no lighter than about a TeV - that would explain why they have n't been observed yet ... but they should then be seen in the forthcoming high energy collisions at the LHC , " says Sarkar .
So the effective cut - off of the Standard Model may be no higher than about 1 TeV — and at higher energies exciting new physics like supersymmetry would come into play .
We now have to consider the second term which also increases with the cut - off energy .
Quantum physics predicts that , far from being empty , the vacuum consists of a seething mass of virtual particles that pop in and out of existence , and these fluctuations contain energy .
This vacuum energy is proportional to the cut - off energy raised to the power of 4 , so would be at least 1048 electron Volts .
" However this has no influence on any measurement we can make in the laboratory so particle physicists can forget all about vacuum energy , " says Sarkar .
The view from the quantum world
But can we ?
It turns out that the predictions of vacuum energy seem to be where particle physics and cosmology weave together .
Good news , perhaps , in the grand schemes of unifying the two scales of physics into a Theory of Everything .
However , it turns out that this reach of the particle physics map suggests a very different landscape to the one observed at cosmological scales .
According to Sarkar , the Standard Model has provided a fantastic guide to the quantum world , but we are now reaching a point where this map is no longer useful .
" This is a game with precise rules , and it has delivered more than the originators ever expected .
And the present status of this game is to use this effective field theory philosophy to understand how to parametrise new physics that we are interested in , particularly because of the relevance for cosmology .
The real problem is in the cosmos : now you have general relativity ... and gravity . "
General relativity and the Hot Big Bang
The Standard Model of particle physics has done an excellent job of describing the effects at the quantum scale of the electromagnetic , strong nuclear and weak forces .
However , one fundamental force is missing : gravity .
And despite initial optimism about string theory , no one has been able to extract from it a detailed theory of how gravity behaves in the quantum world .
Newton 's gravitational force Force = - GMm/r2
where G is Newton 's gravitational constant , M and m are the masses of the two objects , and r is the distance between their centres .
whereis Newton 's gravitational constant , andare the masses of the two objects , andis the distance between their centres .
However , gravity is well described at classical and cosmological scales .
Newton 's theory of gravity , the familiar inverse square law , works well on the scale on which we live our lives .
In 1915 Einstein generalised Newton 's laws to the largest scales , by explaining that gravity was caused by masses warping spacetime .
He applied his theory of general relativity to our Universe , and so modern cosmology began .
Einstein's theory is described by a set of complex equations , called Einstein 's field equations .
These are incredibly difficult to solve exactly , which is necessary to make concrete predictions about the evolution of our Universe .
Exact solutions describe the shape of spacetime for certain assumptions .
The first nontrivial solution , the Schwarzschild metric , provided a description of the Sun 's gravitational field and the motions of the planets , and later led to the first description of a black hole .
The Hot Big Bang model of cosmology , the model currently used to understand our Universe , is based on a solution of Einstein 's field equations based on an important assumption — that spacetime is isotropic and homogeneous .
This means that on a large scale no particular point in space is special : it does n't matter where you start out in the Universe , or which direction you look , space - time will look pretty much the same .
Developed over the 1920s and 30s by four mathematicians , the Friedmann - Lemaître - Robertson - Walker metric describes the geometry of the Universe and how it changes with time .
Because this model assumes the Universe is pretty much the same everywhere and in every direction , the three dimensions of space , x , y and z , can be described by one radial coordinate , a , that is a measure of the scale of the Universe .
The model essentially is a description of how this scale factor changes with time .
According to the Big Bang model , the universe developed from an extremely dense and hot state .
Space itself has been expanding ever since , carrying galaxies ( and all other matter ) with it .
This model , which predicts that the Universe expanded from a hot dense state and continues to expand today , has proved very successful .
Theoretical predictions have driven observational programmes and many have been confirmed .
The predicted bending of light by gravity has since been observed and is now used as a technique to explore the Universe 's hidden treasures , such as black holes .
Predictions about the relative amounts of light elements such as helium and deuterium created in the early moments of the Universe , and the nature of the cosmic background radiation , have also matched observational data .
You can read more in The four pillars of the Standard Cosmology .
Einstein 's big mistake ?
As with all efforts to explore the unknown , the path to the standard model of cosmology has not been straightforward .
In 1915 when Einstein first used his theory of general relativity to describe the Universe , what he found did not fit with his world picture .
The gravitational force of matter would cause the Universe to collapse back in on itself .
But Einstein believed the Universe was static — it neither expanded nor contracted .
In order to balance the gravitational attraction of matter , he included a repulsive term and set the constant in this term , called the , to have a particular value .
This value forced his field equations to describe a static Universe .
John Barrow , Professor of mathematical sciences at the University of Cambridge , explains that this gives the force of gravity an additional part : a repulsive force associated with the cosmological constant .
" If you think of Newton 's famous inverse square law of gravity , because it 's attractive we would say the force has a minus sign , so it 's equal to - 1/r2 where r is the distance between objects .
Now if you add to that another positive force that is proportional to distance , a λr term , gravitational force becomes : "
Gravitational Force = - GMm /r2 + mλr .
" And when distances are small the - 1/r2 term is the biggest and governs what we see on Earth , and in the solar system , and in our galaxy .
But as you look to bigger and bigger distances , the - 1/r2 term is getting smaller and smaller .
However , the λr term is getting bigger and bigger , and eventually it takes over in the Universe on a big enough scale .
And when it does , the effective force of gravity changes to being repulsive . "
Einstein believed that the Universe was static and had a constant radius R . And in order to force his equations to describe this static Universe , he chose a value for λ such that the total gravitational force in the Universe would be zero .
That is :
λ R = GM / R2 .
( In fact Einstein was n't the first to realise that the laws governing gravity may have this extra repulsive term ; you can read more about the history of λ from Newton to Einstein in Barrow 's regular Outer space column . )
An image taken by the Hubble Space Telescope showing stars in the Globular Star cluster NGC 6397 , about 8500 light years from the Earth .
Edwin Hubble discovered that the Universe was expanding , and stars such as these were rushing away from us .
Image courtesy NASA .
To Einstein 's dismay , it was quickly shown that a static Universe was not stable and the slightest nudge would set it expanding or contracting .
Then shortly afterwards , in 1928 , Hubble discovered evidence that the Universe was expanding ( read more in this issue 's Hubble 's top five scientific achievements ) .
Einstein reportedly called the cosmological constant his " biggest blunder " and retracted it .
However , Sarkar says the inclusion of the repulsive term was n't the problem : " It certainly was not a blunder to point out that there was this term in his equation .
That was a mathematically correct statement ; the term is allowed because of the underlying symmetry .
[ However ] choosing it to have a specific value was his choice and indeed that was not right . "
Though perhaps Einstein can be forgiven this misjudgement : given the continued relevance of his work today , we sometimes forget how different the Universe looked in the early twentieth century .
" At the time we only knew our own galaxy , we did n't even know other galaxies [ existed ] , far less that they were rushing away from us , " says Sarkar .
But the cosmological constant was n't completely forgotten , often retained in the equations of cosmology but usually assumed to be zero .
" Everyone has known since 1915 that this term is possible — you can choose to set it equal to zero or you can include it , " says Barrow .
" The reason people always retained Einstein 's idea , and did n't just throw it away , was because it was recognised that having this constant in the theory of gravity was a way for particle physics and quantum theory to be linked to gravity .
In modern physics this constant is interpreted as the vacuum energy of the Universe . "
The problem with Lambda
And here is where the maps of the quantum and cosmological scales start to merge .
As we saw before , the Standard Model predicts that quantum fluctuations in empty space would contribute to a vacuum energy , but the huge values predicted had seemed dubious and most physicists believed that supersymmetry exactly cancelled these out .
This seemed like the right sort of approach , as it agreed with the belief of most cosmologists that the cosmological constant was zero .
However , the picture changed dramatically in 1998 when data from supernovae , and from other experiments since then , suggested that the Universe is not only expanding , it is expanding at an accelerating rate .
The possibility that the Universe was accelerating revived interest in the cosmological constant , and the term dark energy was coined to describe the mysterious vacuum energy of empty space .
" We can understand and describe what is happening very accurately using this old idea of Einstein that there is this other constant of nature , this cosmological constant , which gives this λr force .
So the equations all work perfectly and we can describe it very , very well , " says Barrow .
Observations made by the Hubble Space Telescope , such as these , have narrowed down the possible value of the cosmological constant .
Image courtesy NASA .
So vacuum energy now seems to play a part at the largest and smallest scales of physics : and here lies the problem .
It appears that the cosmological constant is not zero , and the acceleration of the Universe is being driven by vacuum energy .
However , the view from cosmology looks different from the quantum world .
The vacuum energy predicted by the Standard Model of particle physics is around 1060 times bigger than the vacuum energy calculated from the observed acceleration of the Universe .
The numbers are n't just a bit out , they are wildly incompatible .
And if the cosmological constant did have the value predicted by the Standard Model , the Universe would have been driven into acceleration just an instant after the Big Bang , and no galaxies , stars or planets would have ever formed .
The cosmological constant represents the biggest problem in physics today .
" If new observations came in tomorrow and showed we were wrong , and the cosmological constant was zero , 99 % of physicists would breathe a sigh of relief , " says Ben Allanach from the University of Cambridge .
If it was exactly zero , the massive prediction for vacuum energy from quantum physics could be cancelled out in the equations using symmetry .
But symmetry can only cancel things out exactly : if vacuum energy and the cosmological constant are just a little bit above zero , as observations seem to suggest , this argument no longer works .
And so far no one has come up with an explanation of how to reconcile the numbers .
A mirage , or the beginning of a new map for physics ?
Sarkar says that particle physicists were always aware that the massive prediction for vacuum energy was a problem , but as it was a problem only at the very limits of the Standard Model , it did n't affect particle physics experiments in the laboratory .
" But now it has come back to haunt them at the only context it can be relevant — the cosmological one . "
" So far nothing has addressed this skeleton in the closet , including string theory , " says Sakar .
" But rather than see this as failure , [ we should ] see it as wonderful opportunity .
It means there is something really fundamental for us to discover , something really exciting for us to find out , which is the solution to the cosmological constant problem . "
And most physicists agree that this solution will involve a new theory of quantum gravity .
However , there is another worry about the cosmological constant , called the coincidence problem .
The value calculated from observations means that it would only drive the Universe into acceleration relatively recently ( cosmologically speaking ) , which just happens to coincide with when we are around to observe its effects .
" Not only does the cosmological constant need to be cancelled nearly to zero , " says Sarkar , " it also has to have a tiny value on top of zero that is just relevant today . "
Is this too much of a coincidence ?
Some physicists , including John Barrow , believe that the particular value of the cosmological constant may come down to chance .
He says that just like the final resting place of a ping pong ball dropped onto a corrugated iron roof , the value of the cosmological constant might be determined at random .
" And all we can say is that we could n't be talking about a situation where it was much bigger , because there would n't be any galaxies or stars .
But more than that we can't really say . "
The current map of the Universe .
Image courtesy NASA .
But Sarkar and others believe the coincidence problem might be down to the fact that we are using the wrong mathematical map .
" Nobody has seen [ dark energy ] , or seen any acceleration .
They have seen a nonzero value for an unconstrained term in the simple model they use to interpret the data , which would then imply a vacuum energy density that would have the necessary properties .
And the model appears to fit data very well . "
Sarkar says that the attempts to explain dark energy have stimulated lots of interesting activity thinking about gravity and extra dimensions .
" A lot of good has come out of this , but the bottom line is that it may well be a cosmic mirage , it might just be an artifact of this model that we use to interpret the data . "
Perhaps the Universe is more complicated than we originally thought , and the assumptions that it was roughly the same everywhere , and looked the same in all directions , is not correct .
Some physicists are exploring the possibility that we need to redraw the cosmological map .
Perhaps we are sitting in some large irregularity in the Universe , a big hole , and as we look out this change in the density in the Universe between our region and its surroundings can mimic the effect of acceleration .
Sarkar hopes that as the sensitivity of our experiments and observations increase , we will see that the isotropic and homogeneous model of the Universe is an oversimplification .
So just what is the answer ?
How does gravity work at the quantum level ?
And is the tiny value we observe for the cosmological constant a cosmic mirage ; do we need to redraw our map of the Universe ?
We 'll just have to wait and see what the explorers at the boundaries of theoretical physics discover .
Sometimes you just have to look up from the map and step into the unknown , and see what you find .
About this article
Rachel Thomas is co-editor of Plus .
Subir Sarkar
Ben Allanach
John D. Barrow
For this article Rachel interviewed Professor Subir Sarkar , University of Oxford , Professor John Barrow and Dr Ben Allanach , University of Cambridge .
Rachel would like to thank Professor Sarkar , Professor Barrow and Dr Allanach for their enthusiasm and un-ending patience in trying to explain the mysteries of the Universe to a novice .
-- Posted Friday , 26 June 2009 | Digg This Article | | Source : GoldSeek.com
Misguided government policies have already dealt vicious body blows to our economy , but that has n't stopped politicians this week from launching two new kicks to the groin : a national health insurance plan and a carbon emissions regulation system called �cap and trade . �
Even if these plans could achieve their desired ends , which is highly unlikely , I would have hoped Washington would refrain from throwing more monkey wrenches into the economy until it shows some signs of resurgence .
The last thing we need right now is to further encumber our economy with higher taxes and additional regulations .
The meteoric rise in health care costs , which has become an unending nightmare for U.S. businesses and consumers , is not an accident .
This painful condition has arisen from excess government involvement in the system , tax provisions that encourage the over-utilization of health insurance , and government support of an out - of - control malpractice industry .
Rather than allowing more bad policy to drive health care costs further upward , we should be looking at ways to allow market forces to reign them back in .
If left alone , the free market drives quality up and costs down .
Government programs produce the opposite result .
Despite the president 's claim that a federal plan will bring costs down , there is no historical precedent for such faith .
Simply providing more widespread health insurance , as the Obama plan offers , is not a solution .
In fact , it will aggravate the problem .
Since consumers no longer pay for routine medical expenses out of pocket , comprehensive health insurance creates a moral hazard for both patients and doctors .
To maximize the value of the health insurance �benefit , � most workers opt for low deductibles and co-pays .
Therefore , doctors learn that their patients are not concerned with the cost of care , and so they are free to bill insurance companies at the maximum allowable rates .
Given our current tax code , the simplest way to bring down medical costs would be to fully tax health care benefits as wages and simultaneously increase the personal deduction by an amount significant enough to neutralize the effect of the tax increase .
This would do two things .
First , the uninsured would get a huge pay increase , enabling them to buy reasonably priced catastrophic policies .
Second , those currently insured could opt out of expensive employer - provided plans , trading premiums for extra wages , then buy a more economical plan .
The savings would go right into their pockets .
The bottom line is that aggregate medical costs will never come down unless services are rationed more wisely .
Rather than being used as a pre-payment plan for routine care , insurance should only cover unpredictable , catastrophic costs .
As a comparison , homeowners often carry fire insurance , but seldom maintenance insurance .
You buy fire insurance to guard against a catastrophic loss , which is a low probability but high cost event .
As a result , fire insurance is relatively affordable , since premiums paid by all those homeowners whose houses do not burn down more than pay for the losses on those few whose houses do .
On the other hand , no one carries home maintenance insurance to pay for a clogged drain or broken garage door .
If insurance paid for the plumber visit every time a toilet overflowed , we would now have a plumbing crisis , and Congress would be looking to reign in runaway plumbing bills with �national plumbing insurance .�
In his press conference , President Obama claimed that government insurance would not drive private providers out of business .
This is absurd .
As the government provider will not have to produce a profit or accurately account for its contingent liabilities , it will provide insurance on an actuarially unsound basis .
With taxpayer subsidies , the government provider can run losses indefinitely .
If private insurers did this , they would either be shut down or go bankrupt .
Therefore , the cost of government provided health insurance will not be confined to the premiums paid , but will include the taxpayers ' bill to continually bail out the government provider .
When Medicare was first proposed back in 1966 , it cost $ 3 billion per year , and the projection was for inflation - adjusted annual costs to rise to $ 12 billion by 1990 .
The actual cost in 1990 was $ 107 billion , and the 2009 estimate is a staggering $ 408 billion !
So much for government estimates on health care .
As if this were not bad enough , today the House votes on �cap and trade� legislation .
Disguised as an environmental bill , this proposal would merely be another gigantic tax .
The lion 's share of the new revenue is already committed to politically connected special interests that will reap windfalls at everyone else 's expense .
To make matters worse , the bill before Congress amounts to a blank slate , with the EPA empowered to draft the details in any manner they see fit .
If Congress is going to shoot the economy in the knee , they should at least be required to pull the trigger themselves .
� Cap and trade� will do nothing to reduce pollution , yet it will drive up production costs throughout the economy � rendering us even less globally competitive that we are today .
In addition to the huge cost of paying the tax , its enforcement involves the creation of an entire new bureaucracy , the costs of which will be borne by American consumers in the form of higher prices .
Years of reckless borrowing and spending have left us in a gigantic hole .
Getting out of it requires that we make the most effective use of all available resources .
We need labor and capital to operate as efficiently as possible so we can save and produce our way back to prosperity .
Unfortunately , national health insurance and �cap and trade� are two steps in the wrong direction .
Rather than getting us out of this hole , they will merely cave in the walls around us .
For a more in depth analysis of our financial problems and the inherent dangers they pose for the U.S. economy and U.S. dollar , read my newest book " The Little Book of Bull Moves in Bear Markets . "
Click here to order your copy now .
For a look back at how I predicted our current problems read my 2007 bestseller " Crash Proof : How to Profit from the Coming Economic Collapse . "
Click here to order a copy today .
More importantly , do n't wait for reality to set in .
Protect your wealth and preserve your purchasing power before it 's too late .
Discover the best way to buy gold at www.goldyoucanfold.com.
Download my free Special Report , " Peter Schiff 's Five Favorite Investment Choices for the Next Five Years " , at http://www.europac.net/report/index_fivefavorites.asp.
Subscribe to my free , on - line investment newsletter , " The Global Investor " , at http://www.europac.net/newsletter/newsletter.asp.
And now watch the latest episode of my new video blog , � The Schiff Report� , at http://www.europac.net/videoblog.asp.
-- Posted Friday , 26 June 2009 | Digg This Article | Source : GoldSeek.com - Peter Schiff C.E.O. and Chief Global Strategist
Euro Pacific Capital , Inc .
10 Corbin Drive , Suite B
Darien , Ct. 06840
800-727-7922
www.europac.net
schiff@europac.net
Mr. Schiff is one of the few non-biased investment advisors ( not committed solely to the short side of the market ) to have correctly called the current bear market before it began and to have positioned his clients accordingly .
As a result of his accurate forecasts on the U.S. stock market , commodities , gold and the dollar , he is becoming increasingly more renowned .
He has been quoted in many of the nation 's leading newspapers , including The Wall Street Journal , Barron's , Investor 's Business Daily , The Financial Times , The New York Times , The Los Angeles Times , The Washington Post , The Chicago Tribune , The Dallas Morning News , The Miami Herald , The San Francisco Chronicle , The Atlanta Journal - Constitution , The Arizona Republic , The Philadelphia Inquirer , and the Christian Science Monitor , and has appeared on CNBC , CNNfn . , and Bloomberg .
In addition , his views are frequently quoted locally in the Orange County Register .
Mr. Schiff began his investment career as a financial consultant with Shearson Lehman Brothers , after having earned a degree in finance and accounting from U.C. Berkley in 1987 .
A financial professional for seventeen years he joined Euro Pacific in 1996 and has served as its President since January 2000 .
An expert on money , economic theory , and international investing , he is a highly recommended broker by many of the nation 's financial newsletters and advisory services .
Previous Articles by Peter Schiff , Euro Pacific Capital , Inc .
PHILADELPHIA ( Reuters ) - A local newspaper in northwest Pennsylvania apologized on Friday for running a classified advertisement that called implicitly for the assassination of U.S. President Barack Obama .
President Barack Obama walks past F - 16 aircraft at Nellis Air Force Base in Las Vegas , Nevada May 27 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Jason Reed
The Warren Times Observer , with a circulation of about 11,000 , ran the ad in Thursday ’s paper and pulled it as soon as it was discovered by a manager , said publisher John Elchert .
The ad read : “ May Obama follow in the footsteps of Lincoln , Garfield , McKinley and Kennedy , ” Elchert said .
Elchert declined to identify the person who placed the ad , and said he had referred the case to local police , who notified the Secret Service .
Elchert said the representative who took the ad apparently did n’t make the connection between the four assassinated presidents -- Abraham Lincoln , James Garfield , William McKinley and John F. Kennedy -- and mistakenly allowed the ad to run .
“ It was just an honest mistake , ” he told Reuters .
Jim Mackin , a spokesman for the Secret Service , said investigators had identified the person who placed the ad and were taking it seriously .
“ We do not have the luxury of doing otherwise , ” he said .
Concerns about Obama ’s safety arose early in his campaign for president , especially among African Americans who expressed fears he could meet the same fate as black civil rights leader Martin Luther King , assassinated in 1968 .
The Secret Service provided round - the - clock protection for Obama , the first black president in U.S. history , from an early stage in the campaign .
In a post on its website on Friday , the newspaper said the ad “ apparently alludes to the wish that President Obama meets an untimely end by linking him with four assassinated presidents . ”
It said the paper apologized for the “ oversight . ”
In the 2008 general election , voters in the surrounding Warren County , about 300 miles northwest of Philadelphia , backed Republican candidate John McCain with 52 percent of the vote against Democrat Barack Obama with 46 percent .
Comment créer son entreprise avec l’ADIE
Pour les personnes au chômage ou au RSA qui ont un projet d'entreprise viable , mais qui n'ont pas d'argent et qui sont au chômage , l'ADIE permet d'obtenir un crédit là où les banques refusent de prêter .
Pour créer son propre emploi , l'ADIE est une association qui prête là où les banques refusent de prêter .
Sommaire
Créer une entreprise sans argent
Il est peut - être temps , si vous avez un peu de sens de l’initiative et un savoir faire unique , de vous lancer à votre compte !
Mais , évidemment , vous n’avez pas les fonds nécessaires pour débuter votre activité .
En France , on a pas encore commencer notre entreprise , on est déjà surtaxés , on doit payer , payer et encore payer pour pouvoir commencer son activité .
L’initiative personnelle est ainsi muselée et bridée .
Alors comment faire pour financer son propre emploi ?
Les personnes qui n’ont pas la chance d’avoir un emploi stable ou un héritage rencontrent les pires difficultés pour pouvoir créer leur entreprise , même si leur idée est géniale et pleine de bon sens .
Lorsque l’on est au RSA , ou juste au chômage , quelle est la banque qui veut bien prêter de l’argent pour que l’on puisse créer son emploi ?
Pour pallier à cela , Muhammad Yunus inventa au Bangladesh le « microcrédit » , un crédit d’un tout petit montant accordé a des personnes qui n’avaient même pas de compte bancaire , mais qui avaient des projets .
En France , ce microcrédit est une forme de financement différente , prévue pour les personnes qui n’ont pas accès au crédit , mais qui veulent investir dans leur projet professionnel .
ADIE , crédit pour les sans emploi
C’est l’association pour le droit à l’initiative économique .
C’est à dire qu’ils luttent pour que les particuliers puissent avoir les moyens de créer leur propre activité .
C’est eux qu’il faudra démarcher en premier lieu pour obtenir un microcrédit , bien utile pour pouvoir commencer à travailler .
Imaginons Rose , fleuriste au chômage .
Elle vient d’avoir l ’idée de faire une petite entreprise qui fleurirait les tombes pour les vieilles personnes qui ne peuvent plus se déplacer .
Il lui faut donc une petite camionnette pour faire son travail , mais impossible de trouver un organisme prêteur pour se lancer dans l’aventure .
L’ADIE est typiquement l’entité qui aidera
Rose à obtenir l’argent nécessaire , jusqu’à 10000 euros rien qu’en prêt , qui peuvent être complétés par d’autres aides comme le microcrédit social pour un total final de 20 000 euros , remboursables en 24 mois .
De quoi bien commencer .
Tout savoir sur le microcrédit social
Il faut par contre avoir une caution , quelqu ’un qui se porte garant pour vous de la moitié de la somme .
Si votre entourage croit en votre projet , c’est une garantie pour l’ADIE supplémentaire .
L’ADIE a créé cette vidéo pour en parler :
Le problème de l’ADIE , c’est qu’elle applique les mêmes taux d’intérêts que les banques , se différenciant uniquement de celles - ci par l’octroi du prêt : l’ADIE prêtera plus facilement qu’une banque si vous croyez en votre projet et qu’il semble solide .
Inutile d’arriver là-bas en disant « heeuuuu j’ai une idée … ».
Les refus de prêt de l’ADIE sont essentiellement motivés par des idées d’entreprise qui ne tiennent pas debout .
C’est un crédit solidaire , parce que même si vous êtes chômeur de longue durée ou au RSA , si l’ADIE croit en vous , vous pouvez obtenir votre prêt .
Il existe également des associations régionales de crédit , de finance solidaire , par exemple celle du Languedoc Roussillon , l’AIRDIE , ou l’association des Financeurs Solidaires , la FINANSOL .
L’ADIE Festival
Si vous vous posez des questions sur le microcrédit , c’est donc sans doute le moment d’aller voir l’ADIE .
L’Association pour le Droit à l’Initiative Economique organise ainsi tous les ans depuis 2005 un événement informatif pour aller au plus près des gens qui pourraient utiliser et bénéficier d’un microcrédit , afin de “ donner les moyens d’entreprendre à ceux qui n’ont pas les moyens ” .
L’ADIE est présente pendant une semaine dans toute la France , aux endroits les plus fréquentés , que ce soit en banlieue parisienne ou dans les DOM - TOM .
Nommée « l’ADIE festival » depuis 2017 , autrefois connu sous le nom de la « semaine du microcrédit » , cette initiative a ainsi pour but de mieux faire connaitre le microcrédit professionnel de l’ADIE , et ainsi de rencontrer ceux qui en ont besoin , de mettre en relation de possibles personnes qui pourraient avoir recours à cette forme spéciale de financement , pour créer une société , une entreprise , avec ceux qui ont déjà réussi auparavant .
L’ADIE est très dynamique , toujours au plus près de l’information et à l’écoute de son « public » , une condition fondamentale lorsque l’on finance des projets d’une telle importance pour ceux qui n’ont plus rien .
Sur place , dans les stands montés pour l’occasion , il y a donc d’anciens bénéficiaires du microcrédit , qui ont pu fonder leur société avec cette aide , alors qu’aucune banque ne voulait leur prêter de l’argent .
Ce sont des témoignages à la première personne , qui mettent un visage sur des situations concrètes .
Je vous conseille , pour avoir plus d’informations sur cette initiative proche de chez vous , de taper dans un moteur de recherche ( comme Google ) « ADIE festival + votre région ».
Vous trouverez sûrement ce qu’il vous faut .
Le microcrédit professionnel a été introduit en France il y a plus de 20 ans par l’ADIE .
Les autres aides à la création d’entreprise
Le microcrédit professionnel peut compléter d’autres aides , comme les prêts à taux zéro , les prêts d’honneur octroyés par la CAF ou le réseau Entreprendre par exemple .
L’un des partenaires principaux de l’ADIE est naturellement Bpifrance , actif sur la garantie des prêts .
L’ADIE permet d’obtenir jusqu’à 10 000 euros de prêt si le projet le justifie .
C’est un bon départ pour créer son entreprise !
L’ADIE , pour rappel , s’adresse à toutes les personnes au chômage ou allocataires du RSA avec des projets qui tiennent la route .
Un porteur de projet sur quatre se lance sans financement ou avec moins de 2000 euros , avec près de 40 % de chômeurs !
Il existe un réel besoin d’aider ces personnes au niveau financier .
Mais l’ADIE ne se limite pas à prêter de l’argent à ceux qui ne peuvent plus obtenir de crédit auprès des banques .
L’ADIE , comme on peut le constater lors de l’ADIE festival , accompagne les entrepreneurs , les aide , dans leur organisation , dans la mise en relation avec des fournisseurs ou de potentiels clients , à trouver des « parrains » qui veulent bien aider cette jeune société en devenir .
L'avis d'eKonomia Avec l'ADIE , on peut obtenir un coup de pouce pour démarrer son activité professionnelle
En résumé , l’ADIE aide à créer son entreprise .
C’est une association qui prête avec des taux d’intérêts comme les autres banques , mais qui le fait pour des personnes à qui les banques ne prêtent pas normalement , comme les gens au RSA , les chômeurs …
Qu'est ce qu'un crédit solidaire ?
Un crédit qui n'a pour seule vocation que d'aider .
Ou du moins , c'est son principe de base .
L'ADIE joue ce rôle en France , sans être une institution de charité .
L'ADIE permet à ceux qui veulent créer leur entreprise , mais qui n'arrivent pas à obtenir un crédit de la banque , d'obtenir un financement pour démarrer leur activité professionnelle .
L'ADIE prête ainsi aux chômeurs , qui ne peuvent pas faire d'emprunt à la Banque .
So far , there have been at least 965 confirmed deaths , making the incident the single biggest loss of Iraqi life since the US - led invasion in 2003 .
The incident happened on a river bridge as about a million Shias marched to a shrine for a religious festival .
Witnesses said panic spread over rumours of suicide bombers .
Radical Sunni groups have often targeted Shias in the past , but Iraqi officials said the tragedy had nothing to do with sectarian tension .
Many victims , mostly women , children or elderly , were crushed or drowned .
Littered with shoes
The BBC's Jon Brain in Baghdad says that on Wednesday evening the corridors of the city 's hospitals were lined with bodies , as were the pavements outside .
MUSLIM FESTIVAL TRAGEDIES
July 1987 - Saudi security forces clash with Iranian pilgrims in the holy city of Mecca , 402 killed July 90 - 1,426 pilgrims killed in a stampede in Mecca May 94 - 270 pilgrims killed in Mecca stampede April 97 - More than 340 pilgrims killed and 1,500 injured in fires at tent city in Mina , Saudi Arabia Feb 2004 - 251 pilgrims killed in stampede at Mina
Witnesses describe horror World reaction
Grief - stricken relatives have been walking along the lines , lifting the covers looking for loved ones killed in the tragedy .
The bridge , which spans the River Tigris , is littered with the shoes of victims .
According to tradition , they were supposed to walk across barefoot .
Earlier , mortar rounds had been fired into the crowd , killing at least seven people .
About 36 others were injured when four mortar rounds landed close to the Kadhimiya mosque .
A Sunni group , Jaysh al - Taifa al - Mansoura ( Army of the Victorious Sect ) , said it carried out the mortar attacks , according to a statement posted on a website frequently used by groups linked to al - Qaeda .
There were also reports that some worshippers had been poisoned .
Our correspondent says there are now fears that the tragedy will increase the sectarian divisions in this already troubled country .
Iraqis are preparing to vote on a proposed constitution , with Shia and Sunnis sharply divided on its contents .
Wednesday is the last day the majority of Iraqis can register to vote in October 's referendum .
Panic
Iraqi Defence Minister Saadun al - Dulaim said that the only people to die at the hands of insurgents were the seven killed in the mortar attack .
Click here for a map of where the disaster took place
Enlarge Map
" What happened has nothing at all to do with any sectarian tension , " he said live on Iraqi TV .
" People swarmed the bridge .
There had to be a search operation at the end of the bridge , so crowds gathered and a certain scream caused chaos ... and this sorrowful incident took place . "
Officials had earlier suggested that someone in the crowd deliberately triggered the stampede by saying they had seen a suicide bomber .
BBC Middle East analyst Roger Hardy says that , because of radical Sunni attacks on big Shia gatherings in the past , it was not unreasonable for the worshippers to be nervous .
HAVE YOUR SAY
The hospitals are overcrowded and people are suffering
Qassim , Baghdad
Send us your comments
Television pictures showed large crowds of Shia pilgrims heading towards the Kadhimiya mosque to mark the martyrdom of the 8th Century religious figure Imam Musa al - Kadhim .
During the crush , iron railings on the bridge leading to the shrine gave way and hundreds of people fell into the water .
The bridge links the staunchly Sunni area of Adhamiya on the east bank of the Tigris and the Shia area of Kadhimiya on the west bank .
The government has declared three days of mourning .
