Overview of HB1677 , " Report of Fetal Death by mother , penalty "
It sounds preposterous to talk about criminalizing women who suffer miscarriages , but one Virginia legislator is proposing just that .
HB1677 , " Report of Fetal Death by mother , penalty " is a bill introduced by John A. Cosgrove ( R ) of Chesapeake .
Cosgrove 's bill requires any woman who experiences " fetal death " without a doctor 's assistance to report this to the local law - enforcement agency within twelve hours of the miscarriage .
Failure to do so is punishable as a Class 1 Misdemeanor .
Background : Reporting of Fetal Deaths
Almost all states mandate reporting of fetal deaths to vital statistics bureaus .
These statistics are then collected nationally by the CDC .
In most states , health care providers must provide reports on fetal deaths after 20 weeks gestation ( or at a certain fetal weight approximating 20 weeks gestation ) .
Virginia is one of only 7 states , however , that mandate the reporting of loss of all " products of conception " regardless of gestational age .
This includes both spontaneous losses of pregnancy and induced terminations of pregnancy , though the required data elements are different for abortions .
In Virginia , all losses of pregnancy must be reported by health care providers according to current law .
The reality , though , is that countless women experience spontaneous abortions in the first few gestational weeks without even being aware of pregnancy , so not all losses of " products of conception " are reported .
Women who experience miscarriages at home without a doctor 's care may not even think to inform their doctors , especially if the pregnancy is so early that they have not yet even sought prenatal care .
Until this bill , though , no one has suggested it was in the interest of the Commonwealth of Virginia to track down these unreported losses of " products of conception " .
The Bil Itself
Full text of HB1677 : When a fetal death occurs without medical attendance , it shall be the woman 's responsibility to report the death to the law - enforcement agency in the jurisdiction of which the delivery occurs within 12 hours after the delivery .
A violation of this section shall be punishable as a Class 1 misdemeanor .
The Bill : The Most Odious Infringement on the Privacy of Virginia women ... ever
Delegate Cosgrove 's bill is an outrageous attack on the privacy of Virginia women .
Consider this - there is no law mandating that a woman must report a pregnancy to the Commonwealth , or even seek medical treatment for one .
But this bill proposes that a woman report a LOSS of a pregnancy to the Commonwealth , whatever the gestational age of the embryo / fetus .
Furthermore , this bill means that a woman who experiences a spontaneous loss of pregnancy will have her privacy violated significantly more than if she had chosen an abortion .
Though Virginia requires that induced terminations of pregnancy be reported , those reporting forms require only a " patient number " and information on the procedure .
The " report of fetal death " asks for the woman 's full name , her history of prenatal care , her marital status , her education history , her previous deliveries ( if any ) , and a number of other very intrusive data items .
If the miscarriage occurred under a physician 's care , all of this information would be provided by the physician out of the patient 's medical records .
Physicians and / or funeral directors are given 24 hours to file this report .
Delegate Cosgrove 's bill gives women who experience miscarriage without a doctor only 12 hours to report , adding insult to injury .
Practical concerns : an affront to decency
Returning to our original scenario , let 's imagine that this bill becomes law .
Will the average woman in Virginia who experiences spontaneous loss of pregnancy at home know that she is risking a year in jail if she does n't report it ?
( The practical considerations for publicizing such a law are enormous - a Class 1 misdemeanor is a serious crime in Virginia - will the health department create TV ads to inform women of this new law ? )
But let 's assume , against all probability , that you are aware that there is a law requiring you to report it .
At what point during your first 12 hours of grief at the loss of this pregnancy do you make time to call the cops to report it ?
Let 's say you finally pull yourself together after your partner and best friend arrive to comfort you .
You pick up the phone at midnight and call your local police non-emergency number .
What do you say ?
" Hello ?
Um . I 'd like to report that I just had a miscarriage ? "
What then ?
Does the officer on the other end of the phone have a Commonwealth of Virginia Report of Fetal Death form right in front of him or her ?
Does a squad car with flashing lights arrive at your house to investigate ?
Is the officer who responds trained to handle your case compassionately and kindly ?
Let 's consider what information you would be required to provide when you comply with the law .
What 's in the Commonwealth of Virginia Report of Fetal Death ?
Virginia Board of Health regulations specify the required information on the Commonwealth of Virginia Report of Fetal Death .
Delegate Cosgrove 's bill provides for no modification of this form when women report fetal deaths themselves .
The report requires the following items for spontaneous fetal deaths :
place of occurrence
usual residence of patient ( mother )
full maiden name of patient
medical record number and social security number of patient
Hispanic origin , if any , and race of patient
age of patient
education of patient
sex of fetus
patient married to father
previous deliveries to patient
single or plural delivery and order of plural delivery
date of delivery
date of last normal menses and physician 's estimate of gestation
weight of fetus in grams
month of pregnancy care began ( sic )
number of prenatal visits
when fetus died
congenital malformations , if any
events of labor and delivery
medical history for this pregnancy
other history for this pregnancy
obstetric procedures and method of delivery
autopsy
medical certification of cause of spontaneous fetal death
signature of attending physician or medical examiner including title , address and date signed
method of disposal of fetus
signature and address of funeral director or hospital representative
date received by registrar
registrar 's signature
registration area and report numbers .
Remember , Virginia defines " fetal death " regardless of gestational age , and requires reporting of deaths of all " products of conception " .
At early gestational age of pregnancy , how are you supposed to get some of this information ?
Are you supposed to find a kitchen scale and weigh the " products of conception " so you can get a report in grams ?
I know this is quite ghastly for me to suggest , but these are the practical considerations that occur to me as a woman when I think about the actual implementation of such a bill .
Delegate Cosgrove 's bill does not change the data elements required when a woman reports a fetal death herself , so the police officer in charge of taking the report would have to ask these questions .
I assume that the officer would be understanding if a woman says " I have no idea " for some of the questions , but the ordeal of having to even consider answering some of these - such as guessing the sex of the " products of conception " is nothing short of barbaric .
Of course I 'm assuming that this would all happen over the phone .
But what if some police departments in Virginia decided that the report would have to be taken in person ?
Would a squad car then appear in front of the woman 's home ?
She 'd then have to face the curious stares and questions of her neighbors , yet another gross violation of privacy .
Would she be required to produce the " products of conception " for the police officer 's inspection ?
Again , I know this is gory , but I 've been present when a friend miscarried in early pregnancy .
I know what early " products of conception " may look like .
And I am outraged that some man in Chesapeake would come along and try to pass a law that says I or any other Virginia woman who experiences miscarriage at home might have to weigh them so I can include this information in the report in the first 12 hours after miscarriage or face a year in jail .
Does the punishment fit the " crime " ?
Suffering a miscarriage is no crime , but Delegate Cosgrove wants to make it a crime for a woman to fail to violate her own privacy in the first 12 hours after a miscarriage , so let 's look at his proposed penalty .
Cosgrove 's bill says , " A violation of this section shall be punishable as a Class 1 misdemeanor . "
Let 's see .
What other crimes are punishable as Class 1 misdemeanors in Virginia ?
A cursory Google search reveals just a few ...
A person 18 years of age or older engaging in consensual intercourse with a child 15 or older not his spouse , child or grandchild ( more commonly known as " statutory rape " )
burning or destroying a building or structure if the property therein is valued at less than $ 200 ( arson )
a bomb threat made by someone younger than 15
carrying a concealed weapon while under the influence of drugs or alcohol
possession or distribution of fraudulent drivers ' licenses or official identification
stalking
threatening any public school employee while on a school bus , on school property , or at a school - sponsored activity
purchasing or providing alcohol to minors
So Delegate Cosgrove is basically saying that failing to violate your own privacy within 12 hours of a miscarriage is the criminal equivalent of statutory rape , arson , stalking , and other serious crimes .
The authorized punishments for convictions for a Class 1 misdemeanor in Virginia are " confinement in jail for not more than 12 months and a fine of not more than $ 2500 , either or both . "
Do women deserve this ?
In what way would the Commonwealth of Virginia benefit from this bill ?
I have no idea .
Most other states do n't even bother collecting data for spontaneous loss of pregnancy before 20 weeks gestation .
The CDC does not process this data along with other state data on fetal death .
The health care providers I have spoken to see no benefit , since reporting the loss of products of conception to law enforcement authorities provides no benefit to medical science .
Three days ago , I wrote what I consider to be a restrained and respectful email to Delegate Cosgrove asking for his rationale on the necessity of this bill .
I have not yet heard a response from him or his office .
What I have learned , through initial research , is that the legislative agenda of numerous anti-abortion groups includes increased reporting of fetal deaths and issuance of death certificates for miscarriages .
The point is to advance the legal recognition of " personhood " for all " products of conception " .
In the 2003 legislative session in Virginia , a law was passed allowing parents to request a " birth certificate " for a stillbirth , a law that is clearly in line with the agenda of anti-abortion extremists to recognize embryonic and fetal personhood .
The fact that Virginia is one of the few states that requires reporting of deaths of all " products of conception " regardless of gestational age plays in to this anti-abortion agenda .
Though there is no practical benefit to the Commonwealth in collecting this information from women - in fact , there would be considerable burden placed on local law enforcement agencies .
This bill places the advancement of the cause of recognizing legal " personhood " for all products of conception far above the concerns of the Commonwealth and of the dignity of individual women whose privacy would be violated .
If you find this bill as offensive as I do , what can you do now ?
A few ideas ...
If you live in Virginia , join me in asking Delegate Cosgrove how his bill will benefit the people of the Commonwealth .
If you live in Virginia , write to your Delegate and State Senator to express your views on this bill and demand that they oppose it .
Contact the Democratic candidates for Lieutenant Governor in Virginia and let them know that you will expect them to oppose this bill and will consider this in your voting decision in the primary .
If you participate in online communities for women , please spread the word about this bill .
I believe that most women , regardless of position on the issue of reproductive freedom , will be offended by this bill .
I know many avowedly pro-life women who have experienced miscarriages and who would be horrified by the intrusion of the state in the first 12 hours following this tragedy .
This is a perfect opportunity to reach out to a " netroots " beyond the Democratic netroots -- there are many online support groups for mothers , women who have experienced miscarriages , women experiencing fertility problems , etc , that may be appropriate to contact about this bill .
I welcome any ideas you have about how we can spread the word .
No one ran against John Cosgrove in the 78th District in 2003 .
If you live in or near this district , please try to find someone to stand against him this year !
If you live in or near this district , please try to find someone to stand against him this year !
If you live in Virginia and want to keep watch over bills in this legislative session , please join the Democracy for Virginia Legislative Sentry email list .
This listserv was created this week to serve as a tool for collecting and disseminating information on bills for the upcoming Virginia legislative session .
HB1677 is only one of dozens of very dangerous bills , and progressive activists in Virginia must get the word out about this proposed legislation among allied grassroots groups , organizations , and like - minded citizens .
If you want to keep watch along with other volunteer " sentries " , please sign up !
Since the 100 - member Virginia House of Delegates is dominated by over 60 Republicans , it will take a wide public awareness campaign to defeat this bill .
It has become too easy for the Republicans in the Virginia legislature to sneak through bills like this one , and the most potent weapon available for defeating this bill is awareness .
Only a widespread public condemnation of this bill will stop it from becoming the law of the Commonwealth .
Update [ 2005 -1-6 23:2:14 by Maura in VA ] : Rep .
Cosgrove has written an email reply to a Kossack who wrote and called him a " troglodyte " .
Interestingly , he still has not responded to my original email , though I never called him a troglodyte .
( I was thinking it , though . )
Here 's what he has said is his rationale for the law :
" This bill , which was requested by the Chesapeake Police Department , is an attempt to reduce the number of " trashcan " babies that are born and then abandoned in trashcans , toilets , or elsewhere to die from exposure or worse .
There are numerous examples of these tragic deaths in Virginia , many in Northern Virginia and also in Hampton Roads .
Once the body of a child is found , if the death of that child is undetermined by a coroner , the person abandoning that child can only be charged with " the improper disposal of a human body " .
That is the intent of the bill .
I normally do not answer abusive and condescending emails .
Please try to ask questions of people as you would have questions asked of you .
You know ..... kind of like the Golden Rule . "
He did n't write a bill about deaths of infants , though .
He wrote a bill about " fetal death " , which is defined by Virginia as covering all products of conception , regardless of gestational age .
So if this honestly was his intention , he 's written a bill misses the mark .
By far .
US stocks fell sharply Tuesday in a broad - based decline as the government announced details of its latest bailout plan .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was down more than 300 points after Treasury Secretary Tim Geither revealed details of the bank - bailout plan .
Earlier , the blue - chip index was down less than 100 points .
Some market pros said the market selloff was simply a case of buy on the rumor , sell on the news .
Tony Crescenzi of Miller Tabak said Geithner spoke to the wrong street : Main Street instead of Wall Street .
" The problem is that Geithner needed to speak more to Wall Street , where the problems lie , rather than stay at a distance as he did , and leave Wall Street with too few details with no roadmap by how it might find its way out of current difficulties , " Crescenzi wrote in a note to clients .
The " Financial Stability Plan , " as it's now called , consists of four main components :
1 ) It will set up a public - private fund to mop up to $ 500 billion of spoiled bank assets .
2 ) It will set up a consumer - lending facility to support up to $ 1 trillion in new lending .
3 ) It will devote up to $ 50 billion to help stem home foreclosures .
4 ) It will provide new funding to banks after a " stress test " to determine if the bank is healthy .
Some market watchers remain skeptical over the benefits of the plan and legendary investor Jim Rogers told CNBC it could even make things worse .
The bailout will plunge the US further into debt and it is designed by the same people who failed to forecast the crisis in the first place , Rogers said .
>>
Poll : Will geithner 's Plan Work ?
Vote Now .
In economic news , wholesale inventories fell 1.4 percent in December , the steepest drop in 16 years , after a downwardly - revised 0.9 - percent decline in November .
Banks shares retreated , with Bank of America and Citigroup leading the Dow lower .
Hartford Financial shares fell sharply after the property and life insurer 's credit rating was cut .
Rival MetLife also declined .
And investors were encouraged by the latest sign of thawing in the credit market : Ciscosold $ 4 billion in bonds .
Intel gave techs a brief boost after the chip giant announced plans to pump $ 7 billion into upgrading its U.S. factories .
But it was n't clear if the Intel move would actually create many new jobs and a reminder of the current economic condition was n't far away as a fresh wave of layoffs swept through the market .
General Motors said it will lay off 10,000 salaried workers , or 14 percent of its global work force , as the auto maker scrambles to get costs under control to meet government mandates for its bailout .
Federal Express is slashing 900 jobs , or about 2.5 percent of its freight division .
And UBS is axing 2,000 more jobsafter earning the distinction of posting the biggest loss for a Swiss corporation ever .
Still , UBS shares jumped after the bank announced it had inflows in January after a long period of outflows , indicative to some analysts that it was beginning to rebound .
Shares of Qwest Communications advanced as the company reported its profit fell 49 percent but beat expectations .
Boeing shares skidded after the aerospace giant said that the falling value of its planes meant its fourth - quarter net loss was four cents a share wider than it reported late last month .
Another flurry of earnings is due before the bell .
This Week :
TUESDAY : Geithner to testify before a House panel ( 2:30 pm ET ) ; Fed 's Bernanke and Dudley speak ; Earnings from DirecTV , Applied Materials and Nvidia
WEDNESDAY : House hearing with TARP CEOs ;
Weekly mortgage applications ; international trade ; weekly crude inventories ; Fed 's Evans speaks ; Earnings from Ingersoll - Rand , Sanofi- Aventis
THURSDAY : Retail sales ; weekly jobless claims ; business inventories ; Earnings from Coca - Cola , Aetna , Marriott and Viacom
FRIDAY : G7 finance ministers meet in Rome ; Consumer sentiment ; Earnings from Pepsi
Send comments to cindy.perman@nbcuni.com .
With Apple 's influence hanging over the Mobile World Congress event this week , the Royal Bank of Canada has released a comprehensive comparison chart of eight contenders that threaten to steal some of the iPhone 's customers .
Though the firm still sees the iPhone as solidly superior to its competition , analyst Mike Abramsky told clients he 's still concerned about the risk posed to Apple with the crop of newcomers .
" Some — notably Google , Palm , Microsoft , HTC — appears to offer ' good enough ' functional alternatives , including PC - like internet browsing , consumer UI / navigation , touch manipulation , messaging , applications / services , carrier functionality — with alternative hardware form factors ( e.g. keyboards , sliders , etc ) that may appeal to some potential iPhone customers , " he wrote .
Abramsky believes multiple launches on North American and European carriers , expected in the second half of this year , could force Apple 's hand on pricing and marketing as the newcomers compete for mindshare and carrier shelf space .
The analyst said that any new iPhone models — referring to his research note from earlier this month — could enter a " more competitive landscape " than the previous versions of Apple 's popular smartphone .
" We see possible revaluation ... on revised growth / margin expectations , lowered visibility , and renewed uncertainty re leadership , " he concluded .
Abramsky is n't the first Wall Street analyst to suggest that Apple may alter its iPhone pricing structure when a third - generation model hits the market sometime this year .
Earlier this month , both Kaufman Bros ' Shaw Wu and Bernstein 's Toni Sacconaghi issued similar comments .
Wu cited sources who said Apple and AT&T were discussing the possibility of offering customers more data plan options , including some restrictive but more affordable plans , while Sacconaghi simply cited comments from a one - on - one meeting with Apple 's acting chief executive Tim Cook that suggest the company is looking into " different pricing / price points " for the hardware itself .
RBC Capital surveys the crowded landscape of iPhone 's upstart competitors [ an >
NEW YORK , Feb. 14 ( UPI ) --
Police officials in New York say they 'll test the use of Velcro handcuffs on out - of - control children in 22 schools in the city borough of Queens .
New York Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly has approved the Velcro cuffs as a softer alternative to steel handcuffs , the New York Daily News reported Saturday .
Advertisement
School safety officers are expected to receive the alternative cuffs next week and then get two weeks of training on how to use them and when , said Deputy Police Commissioner Paul Browne .
The alternative cuffs are 22 - inch strips of cloth with Velcro fasteners that can be adjusted to fit a child 's wrist .
" We would prefer never to use restraints of any kind , but in those rare instances where it may become necessary , we want a softer alternative to conventional handcuffs , " Browne said .
Have you ever noticed that most movies about getting high , from Dazed and Confused to Pineapple Express , are n’t really that much more fun to watch if you actually are high ?
Granted , classic stoner films like The Wall , Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas , and Cheech and Chong ’s entire catalog give us bong loads of comedic and audiovisual treats .
But after you ’ve seen those , like , twenty times , would n’t you just dig something new ?
I mean , the double - chamber is great , but would n’t you love a new hookah ?
Even the most jaded and most faded want something new every once in a while .
We ’ve got you covered .
Here are some films that will come in handy when you just ca n’t get stoked at the thought of another viewing of Drugstore Cowboy or Half Baked .
Frankly , they ’ll blow your doors off , and you might add them to your list of classics pretty damn quick .
Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film For Theaters
Cartoon Network ’s trippiest late - night series became 2007 ’s trippiest motion picture in this hilarious animated tale of giant talking food products squaring off against a sentient exercise machine from the future ( or is it the past ? ) bent on world domination .
And really , when it comes to weirdness in this film that ’s just the tip of the iceberg .
Fans of the hit TV show will be happy to find most of their favorite characters in the film – from the Space Invader , heavily anti-social Mooninites to the reincarnated rapper MC Pee Pants ( who this time returns from Hell as a fly with a taste for , yes , dog shit ) .
And then there ’s the Aqua Teen ’s long - suffering , creepy slob of a neighbor , Carl .
Neil Peart of the band Rush has a cameo as himself – well , himself with the power to resurrect the dead via drum solos .
Naturally .
If all of this sounds a little too crazy to the uninitiated , just toke up and enjoy – and soon everything will make sense .
Sort of .
Ghost Dog : The Way of the Samurai
You do n’t even have to be high to enjoy Jim Jarmusch ’s 1999 moody samurai / gangster adventure , but it makes it even cooler .
Oscar - winner Forest
Whitaker stars as the title character , a self - made modern samurai warrior who works as a hit man for the low - level mob boss who once saved his life .
The movie has parts that are just custom made for stoners — long , hypnotically dreamy sequences set to RZA ’s original soundtrack , broken - up with scatter - shot violent action scenes , with a cool and intriguing story of double and triple - crosses .
Plus , Whitaker ’s somber narration , mediating on the samurai warrior ’s code , heroism , friendship , and loyalty leads you right into numerous stoner ponders .
Whoa .
Dude , I can totally relate to that .
Paprika
Be careful with this one –if you ’re too high , this 2006 anime hit about the intersection between dreams and reality might actually blow your mind .
The story revolves around a new technology that allows individuals to record their dreams and for others to view them .
The device , called the DC Mini , is intended for use in psychotherapy –but several prototypes are stolen and fall into the wrong hands .
Of course .
The stolen DC Minis are abused , and as a result the dreamworld starts spilling over into reality .
One of the device ’s creators , the rather buttoned - down Dr. Atsuko Chiba , assumes the alter - ego of the free - spirited Paprika in order to enter the dreamworld and put things right .
In addition to a tight , engaging storyline , Paprika ’s biggest strength is its creatively unsettling visuals .
As the dreamworld spills into reality , you ’re treated to a multitude of totally strange and often creepy sights .
Not “ head in the refrigerator ” creepy – creepy in that un-namable way usually only found in dreams .
If that ’s not clear to you , picture a parade … of expressionless dolls … and kitchen appliances ….
slithering through the streets .
That should clear things right up for you .
It ’s in there .
Belly
Music video director Hype Williams ’ first ( and , understandably , only ) feature film straddles such a strange line between being predictably derivative and totally incomprehensible that being stoned is practically a requirement for viewing .
The movie stars 90s rap icons Nas and DMX as career criminals looking for a way out of the game , in a convoluted plot likely to make even sober viewers feel high .
Characters and story threads are randomly introduced , only to disappear without ever being heard from again ( a subplot about a new form of super - heroin seems to be from a totally different movie ) .
Even the film ’s voice over narration does little to clarify just what the hell is going on .
So why the recommendation ?
Well , Hype Williams may not be able to write a screenplay to save his life , but the one thing he can do is make it all look good–and he does that with a vengeance .
The first half of Belly , especially the opening scene of a highly stylized heist , features some of the most visually inventive , highly - trippy cinematography around .
Sure , it ’s the ultimate triumph of style over substance , but it looks so fucking cool .
Dark City
Over a year before The Matrix subjected the movie - going public to Keanu Reeves ’ monotone heroism , Dark City told basically the same story — but with much more visual style and flair .
It ’s a neo - noir tale of an amnesiac on the lam in a city where it ’s always night that engrosses you into looking at the amorphous nature of reality .
Totally stoner .
As the hero is pursued by both the police and the chalk - skinned , vaguely demonic “ Strangers ” lurking in the shadows , he begins to uncover a trippy conspiracy that might involve everyone in the city .
It ’s mind - jarring , far - reaching , and as an added bonus has Jennifer Connelly as a hottie lounge singer femme - fatale .
Sweet .
Forget , alas , all the usual stuff about fairness , balance and freedom of independent thought .
Merely follow Editor and Publisher magazine 's own accounting for the first eight media days of Gaza warfare .
Coverage : " Largely one - sided , with little editorialising or commentary arguing against broader Israeli actions . "
And : " Most notably , the New York Times produced exactly one editorial , not a single commentary by any of its columnists and only two op - eds ( one already published elsewhere ) . "
Ground invasion ?
The Times never addressed its wisdom or unwisdom before the tanks rolled forward .
A Washington Post editorial , after the event , thought invading " risky " .
In general , with the New York Post , the Daily News and all the usual suspects cheerleading away , there was no balance , no fairness and precious little you could call independent thought .
Tel Aviv seemed to bark orders : the US media just wagged its tail .
And on the ninth day , only a column by Bill Kristol added marginally to a dismal record .
It was only when that school had taken a pounding that " pitfalls " in Israeli diplomatic strategy began to depress Steven Erlanger .
Britain , by contrast , does a bit better than that .
The Telegraph is strongly pro-Israel , the Independent ( with Robert Fisk ) strongly pro-Palestinian : papers like the Guardian – see Jonathan Freedland or Ian Black – strive to understand the issues and push them forward .
There is a range of commentary and opinion that at least puts history and complexity into the mix .
You do n't need to agree , but you can at least join in .
Why , when it should be leading and questioning , when its voice could really change minds and politics , is American mainstream journalism so timid ?
Why does n't even an Israeli ban on letting its reporters into Gaza – foreign journalists too " unethical , biased and unprofessional " for an on - the - spot job according to Israel 's news centre organisers – raise the Times or Washington Post to a simulation of fury ?
Any other country in the world ( Iran , Russia , Syria ) would get dumped on from a great adjectival height .
But no ... steady she still goes .
Maybe 9/11 has made explanation difficult .
Maybe no one can be bothered to examine an Arab case that 's split , squabbling and often difficult to follow .
Maybe the mantra of " Israel , Our Ally " simply trumps thought .
Maybe – at a difficult financial time – disapproval is perceived to carry too much of a price .
Maybe readers just need to be told what they think already .
Whatever , it does n't matter ... except that , of course , it does matter .
It matters because Israel ( see its new aid corridors ) does listen when the din is loud enough .
It matters because the press has a duty , imperfectly executed .
It matters because democratic government depends on good information – and here , this time round , seekers after any broader truth ( longer than a fortnight ago , that is ) would do better to log on to Israeli news websites and read papers like Ha'aretz that make the great grey Times seem craven .
Snyder looked over my shoulder .
'' Well , how about that ?
Leonardo would be envious . ''
Or turning in his grave , I thought .
As remarkable as the cat - drawing lesson was , it was just a hint of Snyder 's work and its implications for the study of cognition .
He has used TMS dozens of times on university students , measuring its effect on their ability to draw , to proofread and to perform difficult mathematical functions like identifying prime numbers by sight .
Hooked up to the machine , 40 percent of test subjects exhibited extraordinary , and newfound , mental skills .
That Snyder was able to induce these remarkable feats in a controlled , repeatable experiment is more than just a great party trick ; it 's a breakthrough that may lead to a revolution in the way we understand the limits of our own intelligence -- and the functioning of the human brain in general .
Snyder 's work began with a curiosity about autism .
Though there is little consensus about what causes this baffling -- and increasingly common -- disorder , it seems safe to say that autistic people share certain qualities : they tend to be rigid , mechanical and emotionally dissociated .
They manifest what autism 's great '' discoverer , '' Leo Kanner , called '' an anxiously obsessive desire for the preservation of sameness . ''
And they tend to interpret information in a hyperliteral way , using ''a kind of language which does not seem intended to serve interpersonal communication . ''
For example , Snyder says , when autistic test subjects came to see him at the university , they would often get lost in the main quad .
They might have been there 10 times before , but each time the shadows were in slightly different positions , and the difference overwhelmed their sense of place .
'' They can't grasp a general concept equivalent to the word ' quad , ' '' he explains .
'' If it changes appearance even slightly , then they have to start all over again . ''
Despite these limitations , a small subset of autistics , known as savants , can also perform superspecialized mental feats .
Perhaps the most famous savant was Dustin Hoffman 's character in '' Rain Man , ' ' who could count hundreds of matchsticks at a glance .
But the truth has often been even stranger : one celebrated savant in turn - of - the - century Vienna could calculate the day of the week for every date since the birth of Christ .
Other savants can speak dozens of languages without formally studying any of them or can reproduce music at the piano after only a single hearing .
A savant studied by the English doctor J. Langdon Down in 1887 had memorized every page of Gibbon 's '' Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire . ''
At the beginning of the 19th century , the splendidly named Gottfried Mind became famous all over Europe for the amazing pictures he drew of cats .
The conventional wisdom has long been that autistics ' hyperliteral thought processes were completely separate from the more contextual , nuanced , social way that most adults think , a different mental function altogether .
And so , by extension , the extraordinary skills of autistic savants have been regarded as flukes , almost inhuman feats that average minds could never achieve .
Snyder argues that all those assumptions -- about everything from the way autistic savants behave down to the basic brain functions that cause them to do so -- are mistaken .
Autistic thought is n't wholly incompatible with ordinary thought , he says ; it 's just a variation on it , a more extreme example .
Regardless of your feelings about the election , inauguration , or national politics in general , they do make for great settings in which to explore the classic themes .
No , not Hope and Change and Unity and Freedom , those are themes for Presidents , not Overcoming Bias .
I mean the ways in which our monkey brains lead us into messes , and how sober reflection can lead us out .
First , IOZ nicely captures why Obama 's economic program is counterproductive :
The central conceit of Obama 's inauguration and the crisis - wracked program he began to lay out is that given our troubled times , we must put aside difference in favor of " unity " and seek common purpose in collective action .
Subsumed beneath an overwrought paean to national character and responsibility is the notion that only through centralization can crises of such magnitude be met and bested .
This is precisely the wrong lesson to draw .
Each of our current crises , whether imperial overreach or economic calamities , are at root problems of scale .
If you really wanted more a more flexible , resilient , and self - sustaining economy , you would seek means to increase regional and local enterprise at the expense of State - subsidized national and transnational corporations ; you would notice , for instance , that most small banks are doing just fine , and you 'd let Citigroup go belly - up .
It would be foolish to lay this at Obama 's door – I think Hillary would do worse , and quite possibly McCain as well .
The erroneous focus on scale and centralization and " pulling together in times of crisis " is a general human irrationality which politicians specialize in catering to .
Like many ( ? most ? ) irrationalities , it is likely a relic of our tribal past .
In the ancestral environment , pulling together to help the tribe in a time of crisis was the best way for an individual to survive .
In our modern environment , however , we are often led to identify with an entire nation as our " tribe " , and it turns out that this is an inefficiently large group for most types of collective action .
We evaluate the prospect of unity with ancient mental modules optimized for Dunbarian tribes , and that sphexishness leads us into disastrous collective ventures .
Yes , distributed systems can display systemic risk and amazing synchronization – see the Firing Squad Problem .
But it takes special effort , while centralized systems do it automatically .
Calling for large - scale government solutions is a triumph of rhetoric over economics and systems engineering .
Anytime you get excited about collective actions in supra-Dunbarian groups , you should be suspicious that you may be in monkey - mode .
Actually , as Eliezer points out , it 's worse than that – anytime you are arguing about politics as if you can do anything about them , then unless you are very wealthy or powerful , you are probably in monkey - mode .
Put down the soapbox and repeat 3 times " My tribe is too large for me to influence policy " .
( If it 's me that 's on the soapbox , as is often the case , you may have to yell – I get deaf when I 'm in monkey - mode ) .
Another example comes from Arnold Kling , who quotes Douglas Rushkoff 's book Coercion ( a book I mainly remember as being a less - good version of Cialdini's Influence : The Psychology of Persuasion , which I consider a must - read in the OB genre ) :
When we are part of a crowd , we are free to experience heightened levels of emotion that just are n't possible for smaller groups .
Relieved of our responsibility to make considered judgments , we can allow ourselves to be swept away by the enthusiasm of the greater body .
…
Throughout history , nations and their leaders have used this sense of mass complicity and celebration to unite their constituencies , especially against foreign threats .
…
For emotional , religious , and even poiltical effect , Speer commandeered 130 antiaircraft searchlights and spaced them at 40 - foot intervals around a giant field …
The immense rays of light rose more than 20,000 feet before diffusing into the heavens …
Speer 's intentions were to overwhelm rationality with grandeur and to mask naked rhetoric with emotion .
His theatrics worked so well that the architect found himself drawn into the spell .
He reported in his autobiography that he remembered attending the rallies and admiring Hitler 's speeches .
But on rereading them years later , Speer claims he had no idea what it was that he had admired
While the realization of Godwin's Law is unfortunate as a potential distraction , the basic point remains : Spectacles involving crowds and speeches tap into a primal part of our nature .
And when I hear " primal " , I think " biased " and " not subject to review by the neocortex " .
As commenter rpl put it , summarizing both these points nicely :
I agree that the use of the Third Reich in the examples smacks a little of Godwin 's Law in action .
I think the intent was to illustrate that spectacle is so powerful that it can be used to beguile people into going along even with ideas that with just a moment 's sober reflection everyone ( hopefully ) would find abhorrent .
To use a nerdly analogy , when you participate in a spectacle you are giving the organizers superuser access to your emotions .
Are you sure you trust them not to use it to install a rootkit ?
Is the solution to avoid cheering crowds ?
That does n't sound like much fun !
Can we enjoy our moments of mob passion , while being careful to later discount opinions arrived at while under the spell ?
I 'd like to think so , but monkey brain is not good at discounting beliefs .
Are these false , implanted beliefs actually harmful , given that our tribe is too big for us to influence policy ?
Perhaps not , but I think that an important part of the quest to overcome bias is a conviction to root it out wherever we can , not just where it harms us .
It seems to me that the ideal is to carefully and consciously use the power of the crowd to get monkey brain revved up about causes which neocortex has decided are worthwhile , by carefully choosing when to encounter and succumb to the lure of the crowd .
( Watching those around you , rather than the speaker , can be effective in resisting the lure , should you encounter an unexpected inauguration ) .
This conscious manipulation of our unconscious responses ( the Haidt rider / elephant paradigm , or more simply : exercise willpower in the grocery store , not the kitchen ) is a good general technique for working with monkey brain .
Not an easy art , but one well worth studying .
Speaking of the lure of the crowd , hope to see some of you at Saturday 's Bay Area Meetup , which should be a pleasantly un-moblike antidote to this weeks inauguration parties .
GD Star Rating
loading ...
FORMER New York Mets out fielder Lenny Dykstra appears to be striking out with his magazine , Players Club .
Dykstra , who helped the 1986 Mets capture the World Series before landing with the Philadelphia Phillies , is leaving behind a string of unpaid bills and a constant parade of shifting editors and office addresses .
In the latest upheaval , Chris Frankie , the acting editor , resigned Dec. 4 along with two other staffers .
Now Loren Feldman , former editor - in - chief of Philadelphia magazine , is said to be ready to join as the new chief editor .
“ Loren Feldman is the new editor , ” said Dykstra .
Meanwhile , Frankie says he ’s owed back pay .
But Dykstra sees things differently : “ That ’s not true .
Frankie owes me money .
Whatever he ’s talking about is delusional . ”
Counters Frankie , “ That ’s beyond ridiculous .
How could an employee owe an employer money ? ”
Beyond three months ’ back pay , Frankie said he ’s also owed for business expenses .
Frankie , who had originally helped Dykstra write the TheStreet.com ’s “ Nails on the Numbers ” column , got the editor job in August after Dykstra ’s talks with Neil Amdur , a former sports editor at The New York Times , collapsed at the last minute after a fight over Amdur ’s ability to hire deputies .
“ I did fly out there for a meeting with Dykstra about the editor ’s job , ” Amdur confirmed .
“ I spent a couple of days with him .
He did offer me the job . ”
The last issue of Players Club was published in October , and the November issue will now be combined into a year - end double issue that has yet to appear .
His aim with the magazine was to help professional athletes make sensible investments with the money they earn from sports to ensure they do n’t go broke when their pro careers end .
But present and former staffers say that Dykstra , who during his days with Major League Baseball had the nickname “ Nails , ” is tough as nails when it comes to paying his staff or vendors .
Frequently , sources said , he got staff to use their own credit cards to pay for ex penses related to the maga zine , and took months to re imburse the employees .
Although the magazine is less than a year old , it has al ready had four different printers and three different editors .
Several vendors have also stopped doing business with the magazine .
The latest vendor to suspend business is Getty Images , which sources say is owed around $ 40,000 .
Dykstra claims that ’s not true .
“ I have a great relationship with them , ” he said of Getty .
One source who ’s worked closely with Dykstra said he “ has a haphazard way of paying – he just wires you money . ”
“ It ’s always that the money is just about to come in and everyone will be paid , ” this person said , adding that if someone demands payment , then Dykstra turns on them .
“ If you demand payment , then you are the enemy .
“ He always feels abandoned by people , but he does n’t seem to realize that he ’s the reason people abandon him . ”
Book deal
The New Yorker Editor - in - Chief David Remnick is penning a book on President - elect Barack Obama for Sonny Mehta ‘s Knopf imprint at Random House Inc. , and the overarching theme of the book is race .
For the Pulitzer Prize - winning Remnick , the book marks the first he ’s written since his Muhammad Ali bio in 1998 , shortly after he took the editor - in - chief job at The New Yorker .
News of Remnick ’s book was first broken on politico.com .
Remnick stirred controversy in this year ’s presidential campaign with a magazine cover that showed Obama as a Muslim and wife Michelle as a fist - pumping terrorist .
He had his one and only interview with Obama three years ago when Obama ’s book “ The Audacity of Hope ” was hitting the shelves and the then - senator had been invited to speak to the American Maga zine Conference .
“ That was the only time I interviewed him , ” said Remnick , who said he is not ex pecting wide access will be granted to any authors writing about the president - elect .
Remnick said that while race has been discussed at various moments in the presidential campaign , it has never been fully fleshed out .
“ To form a big narrative , to research it deeply and tell it well is another matter , ” said Remnick .
In many ways , Remnick will be picking up the themes of America and race that he also explored in his Ali biography .
It will also seem to put him into something of a competitive mode with one of The New Yorker political writers , Ryan Lizza , who also has snagged a deal to write about Obama .
But the two insist there are no hurt feelings .
Lizza ’s book , from Penguin , is to be devoted to the first year of Obama ’s presidency for Ann Godoff ‘s Penguin Press imprint of Penguin .
He said that reports that Remnick dissuaded him from writing a book about the campaign were overblown .
“ My book is about the first year of the new administration , while David ’s book is about race , so obvi ously there ’s no overlap , ” said Lizza .
“ David , in fact , will be the first person to whom I show each chapter for feedback . ”
Lizza said he rejected the idea of a “ Making of the President ” - type campaign book .
“ Two years ago , I was considering doing a book about the presidential campaign [ but ]
I was always lukewarm about the campaign book – the genre seems dead – while covering the ’08 presidential race for David seemed absolutely thrilling – frankly , a dream come true . ”
Remnick said he has no due date for his book .
keith.kelly@nypost.com
I argue “ no ” at mises.org .
This article is on the long side , but I really thought it important to carefully pick apart the claim that tradeoffs disappear when there are unemployed workers and other resources lying around .
An excerpt :
Although Krugman and Thoma have made the only rhetorical move left to salvage their disastrous recommendations , their claim is wrong : the normal rules of scarcity do still apply , even in the middle of a depression .
No matter the scenario , government spending channels resources away from the private sector .
Even if the project employs workers who were previously unemployed , this still retards the genuine , private - sector recovery from the slump , because that is one less worker available to be hired by an entrepreneur .
If the government wants the economy to recover as quickly as possible , the solution is simple : cut spending , cut taxes , stop inflating the money supply , and stop changing the rules every three days .
But this solution wo n’t be adopted , since it does n’t allow the politicians to pose as generous saviors .
February 4 , 2009 - Greg Cherlin
On Tuesday we shipped an update that added a bunch of features / bugfixes / balancing tweaks that came out of the community 's feedback .
In particular , it made some changes to the underlying TF damage system , and as part of that , it modified the way critical hits are determined .
We thought it might be interesting to dig a little into the change , and hopefully give you some insight into our thinking .
First , a quick primer on how the critical hit system works .
Each player 's chance of successfully rolling for a critical hit depends on two factors :
A base chance , which is fixed per weapon ( 2 % for all non-melee weapons , 15 % for melee )
An additional bonus , which is based on the amount of damage you 've done to enemies in the last 20 seconds .
This bonus linearly scales with damage up to a maximum of 10 % .
There are two paradigms used for when to roll , and what happens on success :
Rapid - fire weapons roll for critical hits once per second , instead of every shot .
If they roll a crit , the next 2 seconds worth of their fire are marked as critical hits .
Non-rapid fire weapons roll for critical hits each time you fire , and if they roll a crit , only that shot is marked as a critical hit .
The sniper rifle and spy knife only score critical hits on headshots and backstabs respectively .
They never roll for critical hits .
We had a few things we wanted to change with the old system :
Reduce the overall number of critical hits occurring in the game .
Make critical hits more skill / performance based .
Here are the actual changes we made , taken from the release notes :
Base critical hit chance is now 2 % ( was 5 % )
Bonus range based on damage done changed from 0 % - 15 % to 0%-10
Damage range required for bonus changed from 0-1600 to 0 - 800
Lets dig a little deeper into these .
First , the base critical hit chance was reduced from 5 % to 2 % .
This means that if you have n't done any damage to an enemy , your crit chance is now just under half what it was previously .
Secondly , the size of the bonus range was reduced by a third , but the amount of damage needed to earn that bonus was halved .
To understand the effect of that , it 's useful to graph it :
As you can see , the new crit chance is slightly lower across the board , which we wanted .
More importantly though , is that the rate at which the crit chance increases based on the amount of recent damage you 've done .
We like to think of that recent damage total as a rough measure of your performance .
In thinking about the change we wanted to make to critical hits , we decided that there was a point on the graph of particular interest to us , and that was the point at which your critical hit chance was as much a result of your performance as it was the base chance .
If you look at at ( A ) on the old line , you 'll see that point is n't reached until you 've done 550 recent damage , a feat that occurs about as often as our backstab code works correctly .
That point is reached at ( B ) on the new line , around the point where you 've done 175 recent damage .
This means that if you 've just singlehandedly killed an enemy Demoman / Soldier / Pyro / Heavy , your next 20 seconds worth of crit chances are already more a result of that kill than the base chance .
As a result , if you 're a highly skilled player , you 're going to fire significantly more critical hits than those around you .
And remember , if you 've just killed 2 or 3 enemies , now 's the time to push !
Ignoring Early Warnings How Madoff
Is Burning the SEC
A 1992 probe should have raised red flags when new tips came in about Madoff .
Now critics question the agency 's ability to act as a watchdog .
An OPP officer has been charged under the province 's street racing laws for speeding in her police vehicle while on duty .
The officer , driving an unmarked car , was stopped by Brant County OPP on Highway 403 going 165 km / hr in a 100 km / hr zone .
" The subsequent investigation found that the officer was not within the lawful execution of her duties at the time , " police said .
Det. Const . Heidi Fischer was charged with driving 50 km / hr or more over the posted speed limit .
Her licence was suspended for seven days and the OPP unmarked vehicle was impounded for seven days .
Fischer is a four - year member of the OPP posted to the Provincial Operations Intelligence Bureau at General Headquarters in Orillia .
She will appear in Provincial Offences Court in Brantford on March 24 .
WASHINGTON , Feb 3 ( Reuters - U.S. law enforcement authorities said on Tuesday they had arrested a New Mexico man for sending more than 60 threatening white powder - laced hoax letters to banks in October .
They said Richard Leon Goyette was arrested on Monday at the airport in Albuquerque , New Mexico .
They said he sent an e-mail on Sept. 26 saying he had lost $ 63,525 on his shares in Washington Mutual Bank WAMUQ .PK which was seized by U.S. banking regulators and sold to JP Morgan Chase and Co JPM.N. ( Reporting by James Vicini , Editing by Eric Walsh )
参照とポインタの機能面の違いというのは良く知られているかと思いますが,コード生成の違いに関しては結構知らない方が多いのかもと思い解説します。
記事が大変長くなってしまいましたが , 個人的には参照は非常に面白い物だと思っていましてそれが伝わればと思います。もし何か間違いがあれば誰か教えて下さい。
まず , 参照とはつまりエイリア ス(別名)だというのは良いかと思いますが,それをどう実現するかに関して規格は一切言及していないんですね。どうやるかはコンパイラの自由です。
具体的にどういう実現方法があるかというと , union やハードウェア固有の機能の利用( 特殊なメモリとか ) もありえますが, 現実的には
ポインタ
名前置換 ( 分かり易く言うと # define x y みたいなただの置換 )
がほとんどだと思います。
C++の参照は再代入不可 , アドレス取得不可等の制約があるため簡単な解析で後者にも使えるというのがポイントで , Javaなどの参照とは異なっています。
そして , コンパイラはポインタなんて極力使いたくないので , 可能な場合は置換で参照を処理します。
では , どういう場合にポインタを使用するかというと他の関数の引数として渡す場合等 , そうせざるを得ない場合です。例えば
void pair_swap ( std : : pair < int , int > &p ) { int t = p.first ; p.first = p.second ; p.second = t ; }
と
void pair_swap ( std : : pair < int , int > * p ) { int t = p-> first ; p-> first = p->second ; p->second = t ; }
は通常はほぼ同じアセンブリになると思います。
次にこれらがインライン化された場合を考えてみます。
参照の場合 std :: pair < int , int > x = std::make_pair(
0 , 1 ) ; pair_swap(x ) ; std::cout << x.first << x.second << std::endl ; が std :: pair < int , int > x = std::make_pair(
0 , 1 ) ; std :: pair < int , int > &p = x ; int t = p.first ; p.first = p.second ; p.second = t ; std::cout << x.first << x.second << std::endl ; になります。すると,もはやpがポインタである必要がないので,ただの置換で処理します。 std :: pair< int , int > x = std::make_pair(
0 , 1 ) ; int t = x.first ; x.first = x.second ; x.second = t ; std::cout << x.first << x.second << std::endl ; 次に , 全てのアクセスがx.firstかx.secondの形なので , xに連続領域を割り当てる必要がない事が解析され , pairはバラバラに分解されます。 int x_first = 0 ; int x_second = 1 ; int t = x_first ; x_first = x_second ; x_second = t ; std::cout << x_first << x_second << std::endl ; 最終的に定数畳み込みで std::cout << 1 << 0 << std::endl ; になります。こんな感じで参照を利用すると , 他のコード変換の効果が向上する場合が結構あります。
AP
TWO decades ago , on 14th February 1989 , Salman Rushdie received one of history 's most notorious Valentine greetings .
Ayatollah Khomeini , then Iran 's Supreme Leader , issued a fatwa ( a religious edict ) calling for the death of the Indian - born British author in response to his novel , “ The Satanic Verses ” .
Khomeini called on all “ intrepid ” and “ zealous ” Muslims to execute the author and publishers , reassuring them that if they were killed in the process , they would be regarded as martyrs .
Rarely had a book stirred up such intense feelings .
Hitoshi Igarashi , its Japanese translator , was stabbed to death .
Ettore Capriolo , the Italian translator and William Nygaard , the book 's Norwegian publisher , were stabbed and shot respectively , although both survived .
Bookshops were bombed and the tome was burned in public across the world .
Mr Rushdie , fearing for his life , was forced into hiding .
Horrific though these consequences were , many argued that freedom of speech itself was at stake .
To cave in , by withdrawing publication or sale of the work , would represent the crumbling of a defining principle of liberal societies .
Britain broke off diplomatic relations with Iran over the threat to kill a British citizen .
At no point did Penguin , the original publisher , withdraw the book .
It remained possible to argue that Mr Rushdie 's intolerant detractors , despite their violence , had lost their battle .
Yet critics today , such as Kenan Malik , a writer and broadcaster , argue that the detractors have gradually won their war .
Mr Malik and others suggest that free speech in the West is in retreat .
Other publishers , faced with books that were likely to cause widespread offence , have been less resolute .
In 2008 Random House was set to publish “ The Jewel of Medina ” , a misty - eyed account of romance between Muhammad and his wife Aisha .
The firm reversed its decision after a series of security experts and academics cautioned them against publication ( one American academic described the work as historically inaccurate “ soft core pornography ” ) warning it would be dangerously offensive .
Gibson Square , another publisher , took up the novel and saw its offices firebombed in September 2008 , 20 years to the day after the publication of “ The Satanic Verses ” .
“ The Jewel of Medina ” has since been released in America , but it remains under wraps in Britain .
Other examples of political sensitivity abound .
In 2006 the New York Theatre Workshop cancelled a planned production of “ My Name is Rachel Corrie ” , a play about an American student killed by an Israeli Defence Forces bulldozer .
The theatre was concerned that the play would be too controversial in the wake of Ariel Sharon 's collapse into a coma and Hamas 's election victory in the Palestinian territories .
In June 2007 , the Royal Court Theatre in London cancelled a reading of an adaptation of Artistophanes 's Lysistrata which was set in a Muslim heaven , for fear of causing offence .
In 2005 , the Barbican in London was accused of excising sections of its production of Tamburlaine to remove scenes attacking Muhammad .
And in 2004 , the Birmingham Repertory , another British theatre , cancelled a production of Bezhti , a play depicting a rape in a Sikh temple , after protests by members of the local Sikh community .
The most notorious example of the trouble that can be stirred up is the cartoons of Muhammad first published by Jyllands - Posten , a Danish newspaper in 2006 .
The pictures , one showing Muhammad in bomb - shaped headgear , one with him wielding a cutlass , another saying that paradise was running short of virgins for suicide - bombers , provoked a tumultuous response around the world .
Many Western newspapers decided it would be irresponsible to republish the cartoons ( The Economist decided not to publish them , but defended the rights of newspapers to do so ) .
Some governments , including those in Britain and America , denounced their publication .
To free - speech campaigners , all this was seen as further evidence of self - censorship amid increasing fears of upsetting sensibilities of some Muslims .
This week Geert Wilders , a strident anti-Muslim Dutch politician , was denied entry into Britain where he intended to screen his film , Fitna , a nasty rant against Islam .
Mr Wilders was deported on the grounds that his opinions “ threaten community harmony and therefore public safety ” .
The film was anyway shown in Westminster despite dire predictions that as many as 10,000 Muslims would turn out in protest .
The fears were wide of the mark : not one person turned up to complain .
Two decades after the fatwa was imposed on Mr Rushdie , it appears that many Western artists , publishers and governments are more willing today to sacrifice some of their freedom of speech than was the case in 1989 .
To many critics that will be seen as self - censorship that has gone too far .
But a difficult balance must be struck : no country permits completely free speech .
Typically , it is limited by prohibitions against libel , defamation , obscenity , judicial or parliamentary privilege and the like .
Protecting free expression will often require hurting the feelings of individuals or groups ; equally the use of free speech should be tempered by a sense of responsibility .
But that sense should not serve as a disguise for allowing extremists of any stripe to define what views can or can not be aired .
A few years ago , Sarah Blow attended a networking event aimed at IT professionals .
It was the first Geek Dinner , a gathering for anyone with an interest in IT and technology .
Blow was one of about 10 women in a group of 150 .
She was constantly asked if she worked in marketing .
Others assumed she was someone 's girlfriend .
She was n't - she 's a software engineer , and by the end of the event she was frustrated enough to start her own group , and call it Girl Geeks .
" Girl geeks do n't like this 90 % male environment , " she says on the London group 's website .
" There is too much politics , too many people saying ' I 'm better than you ' . "
Men who attend Girl Geek dinners find out why being a woman in a male - dominated environment can be so difficult .
" Guys coming suddenly understand why females struggle , " Blow says .
" They do n't understand the social pressures of being in a minority until they are [ in ] one . "
Girl Geeks events are held so members can socialise and talk about technology in an informal environment .
They give female IT staff a chance to be in the majority and talk to others in the same position as them .
The group does not exclude men - male geeks can attend if they are invited by a woman , and Blow emphasises how important it is that the push for diversity in IT is championed by everyone .
" We do n't want to cut out the guys , because they are actually a way of helping to make change , " she says .
" You ca n't assume that a few females can make the change - it has to be everyone .
If it 's not everyone , it 's just a female issue .
" We aimed it at the girls because women in IT do n't often get the opportunity to meet each other .
I wanted to turn everything on its head - the concept of being in the majority as a female is almost unheard of in IT .
And it plays about with the geek stereotype , which has tended to be a guy with greasy hair and glasses . "
Women from all over the IT industry attend Girl Geek dinners , which are now held all over the world .
There are 53 groups worldwide and eight in the UK .
First and foremost , they exist as a chance to socialise with other female IT workers , provide support and help them learn from each other .
But there are also indirect consequences of mobilising IT women into a group .
" The dinners are a social event , but as a result of going , members talk to the companies they work for about the concept .
That in turn creates some institutional change , " says Blow .
Washington , D.C. - The Office of the United States Trade Representative ( USTR ) is withholding hundreds of documents about a secret intellectual property enforcement treaty currently under negotiation between the U.S. and more than a dozen other countries .
In a pending federal lawsuit , the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) and Public Knowledge are demanding that background documents on the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) be released under the Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) .
But the USTR has claimed that more than 1300 pages should be withheld because they implicate national security or expose the USTR 's deliberative processes .
The USTR has released only 159 pages for public viewing .
ACTA raises serious concerns about citizens ' civil liberties and privacy rights .
The contents and text of ACTA remain secret , but a document leaked to the public last year shows that ACTA could include stronger criminal measures , increased customs border search powers , and requirements for Internet service providers to cooperate with copyright holders .
Some public suggestions from content companies have included requiring ISPs to engage in filtering of their customers '
Internet communications for potentially copyright - infringing material , mandatory disclosure of personal information about alleged copyright infringers , and adoption of " Three Strikes " policies requiring ISPs to automatically terminate customers '
Internet access upon a repeat allegation of copyright infringement .
" ACTA could lead to new invasive monitoring of Internet communications by your ISP and raises serious potential due process concerns for Internet users , " said EFF International Policy Director Gwen Hinze .
" Because ACTA is to be adopted as an Executive Agreement , it will bypass normal processes of Congressional oversight .
Therefore , it is crucial that citizens have access to information about its contents in a timely manner .
The USTR 's decision to withhold documents that citizens are entitled to see as a matter of law prevents citizens from evaluating ACTA 's impact on their lives and expressing their opinions to their political leaders before it's a fait accompli . "
Despite the vast amount of relevant information that was withheld , the documents that were released disclosed some interesting information about ACTA , including records revealing U.S. government policy that ACTA documents should only be shown to government officials or others who work closely with a country 's consultation process .
The records also show that the U.S. government intends to " hold ACTA documents in confidence for a fixed period after negotiations conclude . "
But not everyone has been kept in the dark about ACTA .
Officials from the USTR met privately with the major U.S. proponents of the treaty : the Global Leadership Group of the International Chamber of Commerce 's Business Action to Stop Counterfeiting and Piracy and the Coalition Against Counterfeiting and Piracy at least three times in 2008 .
EFF and Public Knowledge first made their FOIA request of the USTR in June of 2008 .
After the agency dragged its feet in responding , EFF and Public Knowledge filed suit in federal court in Washington , DC , in September of 2008 .
EFF plans to ask the court to stay further action in the case pending the release of new guidelines by the Attorney General implementing President Obama 's January 21 memorandum stating that all agencies " should adopt a presumption in favor of disclosure , in order to renew their commitment to the principles embodied in FOIA , and to usher in a new era of open Government . "
" We are disappointed with the USTR 's response so far , " said Public Knowledge Staff Attorney Sherwin Siy .
" With the guidance of this new policy , we hope that the USTR will reassess its less - than - forthcoming compliance with our FOIA request and provide the public with the much - needed transparency and accountability about this important global agreement . "
For the significant documents released under FOIA :
http://www.eff.org/fn/directory/6661/328
For more on this case :
http://www.eff.org/cases/eff-and-public-knowledge-v-ustr
For more on ACTA :
http://www.eff.org/issues/acta/
Contacts :
Gwen Hinze
International Policy Director
Electronic Frontier Foundation
gwen@eff.org
Eddan Katz
International Affairs Director
Electronic Frontier Foundation
eddan@eff.org
Art Brodsky
Communications Director
Public Knowledge
abrodsky@publicknowledge.org
Britain 's nuclear submarines are " completely useless " against modern warfare , and the £ 20 bn spent on renewing them is a waste of money , retired senior military officers said yesterday .
The former head of the armed forces Field Marshal Lord Bramall , backed by two senior generals , argued that the huge sums being spent on replacing the delapidated submarines that carry the Trident ballistic missiles could be better used to buy conventional weapons which are badly needed by the armed forces .
" Nuclear weapons have shown themselves to be completely useless as a deterrent to the threats and scale of violence we currently face or are likely to face , particularly international terrorism , " the group said in a letter to the Times .
" Our independent deterrent has become ­virtually irrelevant , except in the context of domestic politics . "
Retired army general Lord Ramsbotham , one of the signatories , said he wanted to restart the debate over the renewal of ­Trident , which was approved by the House of Commons in March 2007 , despite a large rebellion by Labour MPs .
Ramsbotham told BBC2's Newsnight programme : " We argue that it is conventional weapons we now need .
Their pinpoint accuracy , their ability to help our forces in the sort of conflicts that are taking place is something which means you have to question the huge expense of Trident , which is limiting what we can do . "
Ramsbotham said he no longer believed that Britain 's nuclear deterrent was truly independent .
" We do n't own the missiles and it is absolutely unthinkable that we should ever consider using it or threatening to use it without having the clearance of the United States , " he said .
" The fact is that Trident is an inappropriate weapons system .
You ca n't see Trident being used against something like nuclear blackmail by international terrorism .
It is a cold war weapon .
It is not a weapon for the situation where we are now . "
Ramsbotham said he was " quite certain " that some serving members of the military shared his doubts .
He added that the government 's decision to renew ­Trident was driven more by political considerations than by the true requirements of national defence .
Hey Dennis , I have built what I hope is the first and only wooden bike on the Fixed Gear Gallery , the Birch Bike .
I designed and built every inch of it , from the geometry of the bike itself , to the rear dropouts , to the AD logo on the bead and seat tubes .
The frame is solid birch , made from 1/8th inch strips of wood that I cut from raw lumber .
There is a real seat tube , head tube and bottom bracket inserted into the frame to allow for actual parts to mate without issue , but they are hardly structural .
From design to completion , it took almost a year , and 300 - 350 hours of work .
The bike holds my weight just fine , and I 've ridden it for fifty miles with the only problem being a flat tire .
The frame weighs nine pounds , and the whole bike is around 22 .
It rides very smoothly because a ) its wood and b ) there is a lot of it .
Although there may or may not be a market for bikes such as this , I have no desire to build them for profit : too much work , I 'd rather continue with my education and go off to college next fall .
Thanks for posting this and all the others , Alan Downey Austin , Texas
For those interested :
More pictures of the bike are viewable here : http://susandowney.smugmug.com/gallery/7306016_Y2wPd#469858833_hSDuB
Scruit Title : Contributing V.P. Car : 2005 LGT Limited 5MT Posts : 1,049 iTrader : ( 1 )
- Two of the techs driving it across the parking lot discussed " Would you rock this car ?
Do you wanna rock it ? "
" What if this camera is running ? " " Oh . We 're just joking ! "
- Two other techs drove it across the lot ( were supposed to move it 20 ' , but took the long way - around the building )
The driver mentioned that the clutch was like a racing clutch , then he floored up to redline in first through the parking lot .
Then he said words to the effect of ; " I 'm sorry , I 'm going to have to do this ... " and from what I could make out of the conversation he was planning to dump the clutch around the corner to get an all wheel peel .
As he came around the corner he backed off for an oncoming car , pulled up alongside this car and spoke with the driver ( the boss ? ) , and as they drove away again the driver talked about it being a close call .
Then they drove thought he lot again at WOT and talked about the turbo having no BOV .
He proved this by revving it to redline a couple times in the parking space .
The passenger joked about how funny it would be if the camera was on .
Driver did n't think it would be funny .
( I agree with the driver - not funny )
- Bodyshop manager accidentally backed the car into a pile of empty boxes someone had stacked in the doorway .
No damage = no harm / no foul .
- Same two techs took it out onto the road for a 3 mile drive .
I know that the alignment was checked as part of the repair work ( The accident damaged the wheel ) so this * may * be the after - alignment road test .
Having said that , the driver floored it up to redline in first AND second as soon as he got onto the road .
At that point I stopped watching the video and started burning it to a DVD so I can take it to the dealership 's General Manager .
It was more important that I go through the process of preserving the evidence than watching it immediately .
Kinda like putting up police tape around a crime scene .
So , I still have to watch the rest of this ' road test ' ( Top Gear style , apparently ) and then check another two car journeys listed in the DVR .
Funny thing is , this WOT ' road test ' ( with the two giggling prepubescent techs thrashing $ 18 k of my hard - earned money around the streets ) happened at about lunchtime today .
When I arrived at the bodyshop at 5 pm to pick the car up they said it was " out on the road test from the alignment " .
The car only did 3 miles while in their custody so it 's not like they were driving around for 5 hours .
I wonder if they had the alignment tech do the road test at 5 pm .
If so , what legitimate reason did Beavis and Butt - Face have to even be out on the road , never mind burning up my clutch ?
When I got the car home ( and I drive like my grandad ) my clutch REEKED .
I suspect the rest of this road test ( when I get to watch it ) will be quite interesting .
I also noted that when I arrived the camera mount in the front of the car had broken loose from the window ( GPS suction cup ) and been remounted in the wrong place .
I hope they did n't do anything extreme enough to much the camera loose .... :-
O
(* Side question to dealer techs :
Is it normal to discuss such things as ; " Do you wanna rock it ? " when you would never , ever actually do something like that ?
Why would they say that if it 's something they would never actually do ?
Example : I would never mug an old granny - and therefore would never have reason to say to my friend ; " Hey , there 's an old granny ...
Want to mug her ? " )
YouTube - joyride YouTube - joyride
Camera system details :
Update : Noon 2/19 : The video has made it back to the dealership upper management .
Someone who saw the video recognized the place and knew higher - ups .
I have been assured that those involved have been dealt with by the upper management although nobody is likely to lose a job over this .
I just do n't think their conduct rises to the level of getting fired for it .
Update : 14:50 2/20 : Had a conversation with the GM of the dealership .
The techs still have their jobs , however they have been dealt with .
Ca n't share details , but I certainly think they 've learned their lesson .
My insurance company has been in touch with them as well to ensure that there will be no repeat of this kind of thing ( Certified Bodyshop ) .
At this point I consider the matter closed .
My car was in the bodyshop after a minor fender bender .
You may or may not remember , but my car has a dashcam .
During the week they had it :-
Two of the techs driving it across the parking lot discussed " Would you rock this car ?
Do you wanna rock it ? "
" What if this camera is running ? " " Oh .
We 're just joking ! " -
Two other techs drove it across the lot ( were supposed to move it 20 ' , but took the long way - around the building )
The driver mentioned that the clutch was like a racing clutch , then he floored up to redline in first through the parking lot .
Then he said words to the effect of ; " I 'm sorry , I 'm going to have to do this ... " and from what I could make out of the conversation he was planning to dump the clutch around the corner to get an all wheel peel .
As he came around the corner he backed off for an oncoming car , pulled up alongside this car and spoke with the driver ( the boss ? ) , and as they drove away again the driver talked about it being a close call .
Then they drove thought he lot again at WOT and talked about the turbo having no BOV .
He proved this by revving it to redline a couple times in the parking space .
The passenger joked about how funny it would be if the camera was on .
Driver did n't think it would be funny .
( I agree with the driver - not funny ) -
Bodyshop manager accidentally backed the car into a pile of empty boxes someone had stacked in the doorway .
No damage = no harm / no foul . -
Same two techs took it out onto the road for a 3 mile drive .
I know that the alignment was checked as part of the repair work ( The accident damaged the wheel ) so this * may * be the after - alignment road test .
Having said that , the driver floored it up to redline in first AND second as soon as he got onto the road .
At that point I stopped watching the video and started burning it to a DVD so I can take it to the dealership 's General Manager .
It was more important that I go through the process of preserving the evidence than watching it immediately .
Kinda like putting up police tape around a crime scene .
So , I still have to watch the rest of this ' road test ' ( Top Gear style , apparently ) and then check another two car journeys listed in the DVR .
Funny thing is , this WOT ' road test ' ( with the two giggling prepubescent techs thrashing $ 18 k of my hard - earned money around the streets ) happened at about lunchtime today .
When I arrived at the bodyshop at 5 pm to pick the car up they said it was " out on the road test from the alignment " .
The car only did 3 miles while in their custody so it 's not like they were driving around for 5 hours .
I wonder if they had the alignment tech do the road test at 5 pm .
If so , what legitimate reason did Beavis and Butt - Face have to even be out on the road , never mind burning up my clutch ?
When I got the car home ( and I drive like my grandad ) my clutch REEKED .
I suspect the rest of this road test ( when I get to watch it ) will be quite interesting .
I also noted that when I arrived the camera mount in the front of the car had broken loose from the window ( GPS suction cup ) and been remounted in the wrong place .
I hope they did n't do anything extreme enough to much the camera loose ....
:- O( * Side question to dealer techs :
Is it normal to discuss such things as ; " Do you wanna rock it ? " when you would never , ever actually do something like that ?
Why would they say that if it 's something they would never actually do ?
Example : I would never mug an old granny - and therefore would never have reason to say to my friend ; " Hey , there 's an old granny ...
Want to mug her ? " )
Camera system details : http://www.legacygt.com/forums/showthread.php?t=94785
Update : Noon 2/19 : The video has made it back to the dealership upper management .
Someone who saw the video recognized the place and knew higher - ups .
I have been assured that those involved have been dealt with by the upper management although nobody is likely to lose a job over this .
I just do n't think their conduct rises to the level of getting fired for it .
Last edited by Scruit ; 02-20-2009 at 12:49 PM
..
How would the average investor know that
Bernie Madoff was running a Ponzi scheme ?
Here ’s a supreme irony for you .
About six months ago a colleague of mine named Stephen Greenspan , a psychiatry professor at the University of Colorado , sent me a book manuscript to review and blurb for him ( a blurb is one of those back jacket endorsements from someone who hopefully knows something about the subject of the book ) .
Greenspan ’s book is called Annals of Gullibility ( Praeger , 2009 , due out in January ) , and it includes chapters on gullibility in literature and folktales ( Pinocchio , Gulliver ) , in religion ( end - of - the - world predictions ) , in war and politics ( the Trojan Horse ) , in criminal justice ( child witnesses ) , in science ( cold fusion ) , and in finance ( Ponzi schemes ) .
It ’s a great read and an excellent reference source that , as I wrote in my blurb , “ belongs on the bookshelves of skeptics and scientists , not to mention politicians and policy analysts , especially before they go to war . ”
Well , last week Stephen emailed me a query letter about writing an article for Skeptic on Ponzi schemes , based on the chapter in his book , and — here ’s the irony — it would recount how he lost a huge chunk of his retirement investments ( to the tune of hundreds of thousands of dollars ) not to the market collapse ( like the rest of us ) but by investing in none other than Bernard Madoff ’s now - infamous Ponzi scheme .
Yup , a psychiatrist who wrote the book on gullibility got taken .
What I am skeptical about here , however , is not Madoff and his scam , but the media ’s portrayal of his investors as suckers for falling for it .
My question is this : how was anyone outside of the Security and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) to know ?
What signs and signals were there for the average investor to see ?
Madoff was head of NASDAQ for three years and his investment company apparently consistently returned annual dividends to his investors in the range of 8 % to 14 % — healthy but not outrageous ( apparently his golf scores were similarly rigged to make him appear good but not great , shooting 80 – 89 every round ) .
One could make the case that the SEC should have known ( indeed , they were warned in 2005 that Madoff was running a Ponzi scheme ) , or that investment experts who monitor the business should have been suspicious ( and some of them were but their voices went unheard ) .
But how would a college professor in Colorado , or Joe the Plumber in Puckerbrush , Pennsylvania , or you and me as Joe Sixpack investors know that Bernie Madoff was a latter - day Charles Ponzi ?
Madoff ’s deal was especially effective because it was what is called an affinity scam , where you appeal to those in your social group , in this case Jewish investors .
It makes you feel like you ’re an insider , a member of an exclusive club , and as such you would surely not be scammed by one of your own .
If , say , you were working in the entertainment industry and Stephen Spielberg or Jeffery Katzenberg ( both clients of Madoff ) phoned to tell you about this sound investment opportunity that was by invitation only and that they could get you in for a minimum of $ 100,000 , and that they had been invested for years in this program and had reliably received annual dividend checks ranging from 8 % to 14 % on their money , what would you do ?
You ’d most likely jump at the opportunity .
In fact , in his article in the forthcoming issue of Skeptic ( and in this week ’s eSkeptic ) , Stephen Greenspan recalls that he felt like he would have been a fool not to capitalize on this opportunity .
Was he a fool for so doing ?
Only in hindsight .
But what foresight was there ?
By way of analogy , in 2000 I co-hosted a television series for the Fox Family Channel called Exploring the Unknown , in which we produced a segment on cons and scams , one of which was the infamous three - card monte .
We employed the help of a professional magician named Dan Harlan who set up a cardboard box at a street mall in Santa Monica to show us how easy it is to sucker people into giving him their money ( watch the segment on YouTube ) .
It ’s a relatively simple game .
There are three cards on top of the box .
One of them is , say , the Queen of Spades ( the money card ) , while the other two are numbered cards .
Your task is to follow the Queen as the magician / conman rapidly moves the cards around the boxtop .
When he is finished with half a dozen moves , you place your bill ( $ 5 , $ 10 , or $ 20 ) in front of the card that you think is the Queen .
If you are right he matches your bill .
If you are wrong he takes your bill .
Unless you are a shill working for the magician / conman ( who is signaled through an agree - upon sign where the Queen is located so that he can occasionally win ) , you will always lose .
Why ?
Because the three - card monte involves one sleight - of - hand move whereby when he is rapidly moving the cards about and occasionally showing you the Queen on the bottom of two cards in his hand , he moves his ring ( or pinky ) finger down a card from holding the top card to holding the Queen , so that when he appears to be tossing the bottom card ( Queen ) onto the box top , he is actually tossing down the top card and thereby moving the queen to a different spot .
You ca n’t see it .
For the show we had to ask Dan to make the move in slow motion for us , and even then we had to slow down the tape in order to see the move .
Would you be fool enough to fall for the three - card monte ?
Most of us would say no , because we have heard that it ’s a con , or we ’ve seen shows like the one I produced , or we ’ve read about it in a magazine or a book .
But if you had never heard of the game and saw one being played , by the information of your senses you would see some people winning ( you would n’t know that these are shills ) and you would not see the sleight - of - hand move .
So it would not be unreasonable to believe that you stand a reasonable chance of winning .
In other words , what signs would there be that a con was underway ?
The analogy holds for Madoff - level investment scams .
Short of just being skeptical of all investment technologies ( which , obviously , most of us are not and that ’s what helps fuel the modern economy ) , how are any of us to know which investment companies are legit and which are not ?
The SEC ?
We ’ve seen how well that works , so what ’s an investor to do ?
My answer is … diversify .
What ’s your answer ?
Jean Charles de Menezes was shot dead on a Tube train at Stockwell No police officers will be prosecuted over the death of Jean Charles de Menezes , Crown prosecutors Service say .
It follows a review of new evidence which came to light at his inquest .
Mr de Menezes , 27 , was shot dead by police at Stockwell Tube station in south London after he was mistaken for one of the failed 21 July 2005 bombers .
A spokeswoman for the Justice 4 Jean campaign said she was " absolutely furious " but the family is dropping its legal challenges to the inquest .
In December , an inquest jury returned an open verdict - rejecting the police view that he was killed lawfully .
Stephen O'Doherty , the lawyer who led the CPS review , said : " I have now concluded that there is insufficient evidence that any offence was committed by any individual officers in relation to the tragic death of Mr de Menezes . "
' Inconsistencies '
The officers , known as Charlie 2 and Charlie 12 , told the inquest they had shouted a warning at Mr de Menezes and he had continued moving towards them .
But passengers at the inquest had said this was not the case , and the jury did not accept the officers ' accounts .
Mr O'Doherty said : " Although there were some inconsistencies in what the officers said at the inquest , there were also inconsistencies in what passengers had said .
" I concluded that in the confusion of what occurred on the day , a jury could not be sure that any officer had deliberately given a false account of events . "
It 's unbelievable that the CPS had taken this decision without talking to the family or their representatives
Yasmin Khan
Justice 4 Jean Mr O'Doherty said there was no fresh evidence presented to the inquest to make him reconsider an earlier decision not to prosecute senior officers for negligence .
He has written to Mr de Menezes ' family to explain the decision , he added .
Yasmin Khan of the Justice 4 Jean campaign described the CPS decision as " morally reprehensible and legally wrong " .
She said : " It 's unbelievable that the CPS had taken this decision without talking to the family or their representatives . "
The de Menezes family said they would now turn their energy to lobbying parliament on the laws surrounding police accountability .
' Never forget ' Mr de Menezes ' cousin , Vivian Figuierdo , said : " We are all in shock and simply cannot understand how the deliberate killing of an innocent man and an attempt by the Metropolitan police to cover it up does not result in a criminal offence .
" We condemn the CPS decision and reject the logic of their argument .
The inquest put the truth out there for all the public to see , but the authorities want us to forget the truth to stop us getting justice .
But we will never forget . "
The family 's lawyer , Harriet Wistrich , said the legal action would not continue because of the significant cost to the taxpayer .
She said if they were successful it would lead to a fresh inquest which they believed would have little benefit .
But she said they have made fresh representations to the CPS about the possibility of bringing a prosecution against officers and were seeking a meeting with the Director of Public Prosecutions .
The family will also be asking the Independent Police Complaints Commission to reconsider disciplinary action against the officers involved , she said .
An application has already been lodged with the European Court of Human Rights about the issue of prosecutions in cases where someone is killed at the hands of the state .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The media discussions over the inclusion , and then exclusion , of contraception funds in the stimulus package ignored actual experts .
And the fact that family planning has profound economic benefits .
Over the past two weeks there has been lots of public huffing and puffing over the inclusion ( and then exclusion ) in the stimulus package of a provision for contraception .
Much of the discussion was little more than media hot air , unanchored by anything as weighty as facts .
The media discussion was notable for among other things : the absence of experts .
To cite one blunder : the shock media gleefully tore into the supposed controversy of a $ 200 million allocation of taxpayer money for pregnancy prevention , despite the fact that there was no $ 200 million allocation of taxpayer money for pregnancy prevention .
That fable sadly got passed off as fact .
In reality , the bill proposed an administrative change that would have saved the states 200 million dollars in five years .
( This " mistake " was courtesy of Rep. John Boehner , a friend of the anti-contraception movement . )
In all this , a more important point has been mangled .
And that is that family planning has profound economic benefits .
As someone who often writes about the benefits of family planning , I ’ve long been struck by the dearth of information on the impact of family planning on economics .
I ’d once spent some time looking through fifteen years of back issues of the journal Feminist Economics while researching my book on sex and family planning , How the Pro-Choice Movement Saved America .
Even there I found hardly any articles on the relationship of family planning and the economy .
Recently though , several economists have stepped forward .
Writing for the New York Times blog , Economix , Nancy Folbre , an economics professor at the University of Massachusetts , Amherst , writes about family planning and the economy .
Those reflexively attacking the inclusion of contraception in a stimulus bill argued that it does n’t stimulate the economy .
Folbre pushes back , arguing in part for the stimulative effects of public support for family planning .
She writes ,
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
" Increased spending on family planning ( including contraceptives ) would generate about as many direct and indirect jobs as any other health expenditures , and probably more than an equivalent tax cut . "
But for Folbre the short - term effects are less important than benefits down the road which is where the real savings ( and consequently the real economic stimulus ) will come .
She explains ,
" The long - term benefits include significant reductions in unplanned births and abortions .
Teenagers , in particular , would benefit .
A research paper by Melissa Kearney and Phillip Levine finds that recent state - level Medicaid policy changes reduced births among teenagers by more than 4 percent .
The authors offer estimates of the cost per averted birth , which could be compared with the social costs — to children , parents , and society — of unwanted pregnancies . "
The brainy people over at the Brookings Institute , economist Isabel Sawhill and researcher Adam Thomas , recently echoed this point .
On Feb 5th , in a piece entitled , Keep Politics Away from the Promise of Family Planning , the Brookings researchers concluded that when poor women were given access to contraception it " led to a significant reduction in the number of sexually - active women who have unprotected sex . "
They used that premise to look at the policy ’s economic projections , writing ,
" We have incorporated this finding into a cutting - edge simulation model of family formation .
Our results suggest that a similar expansion in contraceptive services in the remaining states would reduce the annual number of children born out of wedlock by more than 25,000 , would reduce the number of pregnancies to unmarried teenagers each year by 19,000 , and would reduce the annual number of abortions to unmarried women by nearly 12,000 .
Children in single - parent families are more than four times as likely to be poor as children in two - parent families .
Moreover , children who were born as the result of an unplanned pregnancy are less likely to have received adequate prenatal care , are more likely to have a low birthweight , and are more likely to perform poorly in school .
Unintended pregnancies are also expensive .
A recent study by Princeton University ’s James Trussell found that unplanned pregnancies generate $ 5 billion annually in direct medical costs .
Many of these expenses are borne by society in the form of subsidized medical care .
Indeed , the Congressional Budget Office has estimated that the Medicaid family planning provision , if enacted , would result in a net government savings of $ 700 million over ten years . "
These effects are substantial , and while lost on the media , they do have important economic implications .
Folbre also refers to a study conducted by Harvard researchers worth highlighting .
Entitled " The Power of the Pill , " it argues that the economic benefits of contraception are particularly important for women ’s economic futures .
The study points out that the surge of women entering college and the professions seemed to happen almost immediately after the legalization of contraception .
Goldin and Katz ( authors of the Power of the Pill ) , found that the percentage of all lawyers and judges who are women more than doubled in the 1970s ( from 5.1 percent in 1970 to 13.6 percent in 1980 ) and was 29.7 percent in 2000 .
The share of female physicians increased from 9.1 percent in 1970 to 14.1 in 1980 and was 27.9 percent in 2000 .
Similar patterns hold for occupations such as dentists , architects , veterinarians , economists , and most the engineering fields .
( It ’s worth pointing out that the legalization of family planning appears to have had an impact on the number of female economists we have today . )
Before we enter into the next debate about the virtues of public funding for family planning , a discussion Obama indicates we will have again soon , we need to hear from more economists like Folbre and Sawhill .
They should educate the public and media about the stabilizing force family planning plays in our lives and how that impacts society .
Without them , it ’ll just be Neil Cavuto on FOX News telling us unwanted pregnancy should be encouraged so we ’ll have eventually have more people paying into social security .
It ’s time for the experts to take the wheel .
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) --
The U.S. government has tried several different ways to pump capital into the nation 's ailing banks , revive lending and ease the recession .
Now some analysts say it may be time for the solution everyone 's been trying to avoid : nationalization .
Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner unveiled a Financial Stability Plan Tuesday that aims to strengthen banks , buy up to $ 1 trillion of their toxic assets and revitalize moribund securitization markets .
See full story .
The plan includes a so - called " stress test " that all U.S. banks with at least $ 100 billion in assets will be required to take .
If lenders are found to need more capital after the test , the government said it will invest more money via preferred securities that could convert into common shares if needed .
The broad plan was criticized , partly for being too small to tackle the size of the banking sector 's problems , while a lack of details on the stress test increased uncertainty among investors .
See full story .
" The Treasury plan is a step in the right direction , but it does not go far enough in addressing banks ' tangible common equity or the problem assets on their balance sheets , " Paul Miller , an analyst at Friedman , Billings , Ramsey , told investors this week .
The U.S. financial system needs at least $ 1 trillion in tangible common equity to be sufficiently capitalized , he noted .
Common shareholders are the true owners of businesses .
In banking , when loan losses happen , they 're the most exposed .
Without more common equity , banks will likely remain reluctant to increase lending .
" We would prefer to see the government take bold steps now , either putting the much - needed capital into financials or providing a closed - back solution , in which the government briefly takes over the weakest financials ( regardless of size ) , strips out the bad assets , and sells the good back to public markets , " Miller said .
Gerard Cassidy , a banking analyst at RBC Capital Markets , suggested a similar " tuff love " approach .
" U.S. regulators need to move in and close down insolvent banks ( regardless of size ) , " Cassidy wrote in a note to clients this week .
" The banks are seized , the deposits are sold along with any good assets , and bad assets are transferred over to an ' RTC II , ' which liquidates the troubled assets . "
The original Resolution Trust Corp. , or RTC , was a government - owned investment fund that bought bad assets after the savings and loan crisis at the end of the 1980s and early 1990s .
The fund helped get lending going again by buying soured debt from failed institutions and liquidating the assets .
During that crisis , regulators seized banks if losses ate into their equity capital positions and profitability did n't return , Cassidy recalled .
That left common stock holders with nothing .
" After the shareholders were wiped out and bond holders took their losses , taxpayers had to step in and fill the hole , " the analyst explained .
" In this cycle , taxpayers are being asked to share the burden of the losses with common shareholders , " Cassidy added .
" Taxpayers and Congress will probably revolt against any kind of additional bailout that does not include shareholders being nearly wiped out should they require meaningful government assistance . "
Effective nationalization
Treasury may end up effectively nationalizing many weaker institutions , if its stress tests conclude some firms need more capital .
Treasury is expected to allocate at least $ 100 billion of the remaining $ 350 billion from the Troubled Asset Relief Program to a bank bailout fund to buy preferred shares in banks that can be converted into voting common equity " if needed . "
According to Treasury , banks can convert securities into common shares in a " worse than expected economic environment . "
Many banks have such low stock market valuations that if the government converts its stakes into common stock , it would end up owning at least half of the equity of the bank and leave existing common shareholders heavily diluted .
" Depending on how much capital an institution needs under this program , you could see a high percentage of its common equity , more than half , be issued to Treasury , " said David Brown , partner at Alston & Bird LLP in Washington .
If needed , the convertible securities will be converted into common shares at a " modest discount " to banks ' stock prices on Feb .
9 .
Robert Klingler , attorney at Bryan Cave LLP in Atlanta , points out that most financial institutions were trading at historic low valuations on that date , which means the government stakes could be converted into massive controlling interests .
" Because of the low stock market valuations of these banks , the government is expected to get more of the company than they would have once the shares are converted into common shares , " Klinger said .
Klinger contends that only banks that have significant loan quality concerns but are n't in great risk of going into receivership this year will be eligible to receive capital injections .
Most vulnerable banks
The KBW Bank Index BKX , - 1.53 % , which tracks shares of the largest U.S. lenders , dropped 14 % this week on concern about such dilution .
There are 17 institutions , representing roughly three - quarters of the assets in the banking system , which may be required to take the stress test .
These are : J.P. Morgan Chase JPM , - 0.84 % , Citigroup , Bank of America , Wells Fargo , Goldman Sachs , American Express , Morgan Stanley , State Street STT , - 1.00 % , Bank of New York Mellon BK , - 1.22 % , U.S. Bancorp , SunTrust Banks , Capital One COF , - 1.23 % , PNC Financial PNC , - 1.11 % , Regions Financial RF , - 1.21 % , BB&T BBT , , Fifth Third and KeyCorp .
Goldman GS , - 1.14 % , Morgan Stanley MS , - 2.35 % and American Express AXP , - 1.08 % are n't traditional banks , but the companies became either bank holding companies or financial holding companies last year , partly to get better access to government support .
There are few details about the stress test , but Goldman Sachs analysts expect it to focus on banks ' tangible common equity and the reserves firms have set aside to cover future loan losses .
Non-performing assets and delinquency trends may also be gauged , they said in a note to clients on Wednesday .
Based on these criteria , Citi C , - 2.12 % , SunTrust STI , - 0.20 % and Fifth Third FITB , - 1.64 % may be the most likely to need extra government support after a stress test , according to data compiled by the Goldman analysts .
Citi 's tangible common equity and reserves are relatively low compared to the bank 's tangible assets .
Meanwhile its non-performing assets and loans that are at least 90 days overdue are relatively high compared to the bank 's total loans , according to Goldman data .
With SunTrust and Fifth Third , non-performing assets and loans at least 90 days delinquent are higher than at Citi , however , the two banks have more tangible common equity and reserves compared to their tangible assets , Goldman data show .
Bank of America BAC , - 1.32 % , Wells Fargo WFC , - 2.35 % and US Bancorp USB , - 1.06 % have relatively low capital levels based on such criteria , but these banks have fewer credit problems than Citi , the Goldman data show .
COLUMBIA , Mo. , Dec. 3 ( UPI ) -- U.S. college women often are unaware of drug - facilitated sexual assault and fail to recognize the risk of certain behaviors , researchers have found .
" These findings are very concerning ; although college women appear to have knowledge about date - rape drugs , they often are not able to apply this knowledge in the appropriate context , " Zachary Birchmeier of the University of Missouri Truman School of Public Affairs said in a statement .
Advertisement
The study , conducted at Miami University in Oxford , Ohio , of more than 400 female undergraduates rated their perceptions of risk after reading a short story about an acquaintance rape .
The study , published in the Journal of American College Health , found that college students identified the risk associated with having others pour their drinks ; however , they did not recognize the risk of leaving their drinks unattended .
A significant number of study participants blamed the victim when sexual assault occurred .
Additionally , the majority of participants who were victims of previous sexual assault reported that they would make risky choices , including accepting a male acquaintance 's offer to help them into their bedroom .
The findings suggest that many incidents of drugging may be unreported or unsuspected , " said Emily Crawford , postdoctoral resident in behavioral health at the Harry S. Truman Memorial Veterans Hospital .
U.S. Department of Justice officials report that 1 in 5 college women will be the victim of attempted or actual sexual assault during their college years .
Composite image by POLITICO VIDEO : Group counters stimulus with Jesus in TV ad
After watching liberal allies of President Barack Obama flood the airwaves in support of the stimulus bill , a conservative third - party group is countering with a provocative new commercial using Jesus Christ to emphasize the scale of the $ 787 billion package .
The American Issues Project , which briefly aired a TV spot in last year 's presidential race , will go up on Friday with a TV spot that marks the dollars spent with the passage of time .
Advertisement
“ Suppose you spent $ 1 million every single day starting from the day Jesus was born — and kept spending through today , ” says the announcer as an image of the three wise men flashes on the screen .
“ A million dollars a day for more than 2,000 years .
You would still have spent less money than Congress just did . ”
According to Chris LaCivita , an AIP consultant , they are spending just under $ 1 million on the ad , which will be aired on national cable .
The 60 - second ad also singles out an eyebrow - raising statement made by Sen. Charles Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) on the Senate floor .
“ Let me say this , to all of the chattering class that so much focuses on those little tiny , yes , porky amendments — the American people really do n’t care , ” Schumer said .
Then , echoing one of Obama ’s signature campaign slogans , the announcer asks : “ Is this change you can believe in ? ”
The ad , titled “ Every Single Day , ” represents the first television campaign by conservatives in opposition to a bill that won only three Republican votes in the Senate and none in the House .
LaCivita said AIP would also revive its website as part of an effort to take a more aggressive stance toward Obama and Democratic - controlled Washington .
AIP , like most other third - party groups , largely went silent in last year ’s presidential campaign , a product of the economic collapse , disregard for Sen .
John McCain and a view that the election was a long shot .
One of the groups that did air ads , though , has also reemerged in the wake of the stimulus bill .
The National Republican Trust political action committee , which in the final days of the presidential campaign spent millions airing an ad featuring the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , is attacking the three Republican senators , Maine ’s Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins and Pennsylvania ’s Arlen Specter , as well as Arkansas Democrat Sen.
Blanche L. Lincoln , for their support of what has been the centerpiece of Obama ’s agenda .
While the stimulus may have roused an otherwise - moribund Republican Party , conservatives are late to the game .
A coalition of liberal groups , led by Americans United for Change , has been airing TV and radio ads on the bill in Washington , D.C. , and targeted states for a month in support of the bill .
Policies that lead to reduced water consumption could help to address climate change , writes Ben Block , a staff writer with the Worldwatch Institute .
From WorldChanging , part of the Guardian Environment Network
Cutting water use could be best way to save electricity
In regions where pumping and distributing water requires significant electricity use , policies that lead to reduced water consumption could address climate change more efficiently than requiring businesses and households to use less energy , according to water expert Peter Gleick .
" Some of the cheapest greenhouse gas emission reductions available seem to be not energy - efficiency programs , but water - efficiency programs , " said Gleick , president of the California - based Pacific Institute , a global water research center .
Gleick notes , for example , that it may be cheaper for consumers to reduce the overall hot water usage in their homes than to replace their incandescent light bulbs with more energy - efficient alternatives .
The virtues of water efficiency can be found in California and China - regions where water shortages have become emergencies and droughts may worsen with climate change .
Conditions may become more severe in the future as consumers turn to water solutions that often require even greater energy supplies .
In California , where drought is afflicting the land for the third year in a row , the state is reducing water deliveries by 20 - 30 percent this winter and warns of " the most significant water crisis in its history . "
The water shortages are forcing farmers to cut production and lay off employees in an already sour economy .
Meanwhile , water transportation , storage , and treatment account for about 19 percent of the state 's electricity , according to a 2007 California Energy Commission report [ PDF ] .
To reach the rapidly expanding urban clusters in southern California , for instance , water is pumped 2,000 feet ( 610 meters ) over the Tehachapi Mountains north of Los Angeles .
David Zoldoske , director of the Center for Irrigation Technology at California State University - Fresno , has led efforts to educate central California farmers about proper pump maintenance since 2001 .
With the help of utility company subsidies , the project has helped improve the efficiency of several irrigation pumps , saving 19.4 million kilowatt - hours of electricity annually between 2002 and 2005 , he said .
But the recent drought may reduce many efficiency gains .
Farmers are digging deeper water wells and several counties are exploring plans to build desalination plants .
Both measures lead to significant increases in energy use .
" When you 're running out of water , you do n't care about what the energy bill is ... and we 're in dire straits here in California , " Zoldoske said .
" Where people can use water more efficiently , people will opt for that ....
But the availability and reliability of water is more of a concern . "
In China , drought now stretches across the northern wheat belt , and nearly 4 million people are without proper drinking water .
After declaring an emergency " rarely seen in history " on Thursday , the government said it plans to send cloud - seeding rockets into the air to encourage rain , and to redirect portions of the Yangtze and Yellow rivers .
Many regions of China fit into Gleick 's definition of " peak water " [ PDF ] - a term used to describe situations when water is consumed from aquifers or the ground faster than it can be replaced , or when water - use patterns irreversibly damage the local ecology .
" China is an example where [ water ] problems come together in the worst ways on the planet , " Gleick said during a presentation of his bi-annual report , The World 's Water , at the Woodrow Wilson Center in Washington , D.C. last week .
" Water resources are over - allocated , over -used , and grossly polluted by human and industrial waste . "
To address the country 's water deficiencies , the Chinese government began plans in 2001 for a South - North Water Diversion project .
The $ 62 billion project hopes to divert water from the Yangtze to the arid north along eastern , central , and western routes .
If the project is completed ( the western route has yet to begin ) , a significant amount of energy would be required to pump water across the country .
" It takes a lot of energy to move , treat , clean , and use water .
A remarkable amount of water , it turns out , " Gleick said .
" So whatever we can do to reduce the energy required to meet our water needs reduces greenhouse gases . "
The Chinese government in 2005 prioritized a 20 - percent reduction in " energy intensity " - the amount of fuel needed to generate each dollar of national income - by 2010 .
Historically , water production and supply have consumed less energy over time .
Energy intensity declined about 30 percent between 1997 and 2004 , according to a 2008 study in the journal Water Policy [ PDF ] .
But the study predicts that as China follows through on its promise to expand water treatment facilities across the country , energy consumption will rise .
" Reducing urban and other end - user water intensity could conserve both water and energy , ... saving households money on water and energy and creating jobs elsewhere in the economy , " said David Roland - Holst , an economist at the University of California at Berkeley who co-authored the study .
• This article was shared by our content partner WorldChanging , part of the Guardian Environment Network
We do n't know exactly what Timothy Geithner has in mind for the " Public - Private Investment Fund " .
But we do have a few hints .
First , we know that among its purposes is that it
allows private sector buyers to determine the price for current troubled and previously illiquid assets .
And we also know , that on the very day Mr. Geithner offered his outline of a financial stability plan , the Federal Reserve announced its intention to expand its Term Asset - Backed Securities Lending Facility , or " TALF " to up to a trillion dollars , coincidentally the round number that Geithner suggested the " PPIF " might expand to .
Hmmm .
What is the TALF again ?
Under the TALF , the Federal Reserve Bank of New York will provide non-recourse funding to any eligible borrower owning eligible collateral ...
As the loan is non-recourse , if the borrower does not repay the loan , the New York Fed will enforce its rights in the collateral and sell the collateral to a special purpose vehicle ( SPV ) established specifically for the purpose of managing such assets ...
The TALF loan is non-recourse except for breaches of representations , warranties and covenants , as further specified in the MLSA .
Does your head spin , acronym upon acronym , non-recourse , warranties , and covenants ?
Well , unspin it .
The New York Fed is telling us , in plain and simple legalese , that it is planning to make a very generous gift to investors that participate in this program ( and indirectly to the banks that sell assets to them ) .
A non-recourse loan bundles an ordinary loan with an option to " put " the collateral back to the lender instead of paying off the loan .
Sometimes this is not much of a gift :
When a pawnbroker lends you half of what your Fender Stratocaster is worth , and the fact that you can surrender the guitar rather than pay off the loan is cold comfort .
But if someone fronts you substantially all of what an asset is worth , and the value of that asset is uncertain and volatile , then the put option bundled into the " loan " becomes extraordinarily valuable .
If the asset appreciates , you take the profits and " ka- ching ! " .
If the asset falls in value , the lender takes the trash and eats the loss .
A near - the - money option is itself a valuable asset .
Offering non-recourse loans to participants in the PPIF would directly contradict the program 's goal of " allow[ing ] private sector buyers to determine the price for ... troubled ... assets . "
Private sector buyers would not be pricing the assets themselves : they would be pricing a portfolio containing a troubled asset and a free , three - year put option , courtesy of the Fed .
Depending on how much of the transaction the government is willing to finance , the value of the put option could represent a substantial fraction of the value of the asset being priced .
This is a subsidy , that would be incorporated in the sales price of the asset and split by banks and private investors .
It amounts to the government bribing investors to certify banks as more solvent than they are , by overvaluing bank assets in subsidized purchases .
John Hempton wrote a very brilliant essay on what it means for a bank to be solvent .
If you have n't read it , go do .
Hempton 's definitions 2 and 3 of bank solvency — current accounting value ( which implies mark - to - market valuation for many assets ) and economic value as an ongoing enterprise — diverge because the cost of funding for investors in risky bank assets is unusually high .
Under these condition , Hempton reasonably suggests , private fund managers will be unable bid assets up to their best estimates of " hold - to - maturity value " , less a " normal " risk premium , because investors are desperately unwilling to hold anything other than government guaranteed securities .
Definition 3 is a very generous view of what it means for a bank to be solvent , because it implies that the actual market risk premium is wrong , that an estimate of hold - to - maturity asset values by a reasonable analyst , even accounting for risk , would put those values above current market bids .
But in evaluating bank solvency we should be generous :
Since an insolvent bank must be nationalized ( reorganized , received , conserved , preprivatized , whatever ) , we should try to avoid declaring as insolvent banks that do have positive economic value , since that would amount to a capricious expropriation of private property .
But generosity in evaluation is distinct from a generous cash gifts from taxpayers to banks and investment funds .
What is required to get a generous but still accurate evaluation of bank solvency is inexpensive funding , so that analysts willing to bet on what a " toxic asset " is worth can borrow the funds they need to back their spreadsheets with shekels without giving away all the upside to nervous lenders .
What is not needed , what is in fact positively counterproductive , is to give investors a special bonus in the form of a free option if they buy the asset .
This guarantees that assets will not be accurately priced ( they will be overpriced ) , and reduces analyst incentives to value assets carefully and generate reliable market prices .
I actually think having the government offer cheap , full - recourse loans on a maturity - matched basis to investors willing to bear the risk of holding currently disfavored assets is a clever idea .
( " Maturity - matched " means investors do n't have to worry about margin calls : as long as they get the long - term values right , they can ride out any tempests in mark - to - maket prices . )
We do need a market in these assets , and if it is true that funds availability for people willing and able to bear the risk of ownership is preventing such a market from arising , then by all means , that 's a " market failure " the government can correct .
But the key point is that a market price is the price at which private parties are willing to bear that risk .
If funds are provided non-recourse , much or all of the risk of ownership is absorbed by the lender .
Any prices that result from " private " purchases by investors funded at high - leverage on a non-recourse basis are not market prices at all .
Such prices would be sham prices , smoke - and - mirror prices , sneaky off - balance sheet public subsidy prices .
We are all tired of the lies , Mr. Geithner .
By all means , let nationalization be a last resort , and do all you can to offer liquidity to private parties willing to take both the upside and downside of speculating in questionable paper .
But if you keep nationalizing the downside and privatizing the upside , it will not be very long at all before the public concludes that stress tests and market prices are just a sleight - of - hand for Davos man while he picks our pockets , again .
Act fairly , and you may end up nationalizing the worst few of the larger banks .
Keep up the games , and we will insist that you nationalize them all .
It is getting hard to believe that there is a banker in the land who has not already robbed us .
Eventually we will tire of drawing fine distinctions .
Afterthought :
There 's another way to generate price transparency and liquidity for all the alphabet soup assets buried on bank balance sheets that would require no government lending or taxpayer risk - taking at all .
Take all the ABS and CDOs and whatchamahaveyous , divvy all tranches into $ 100 par value claims , put all extant information about the securities on a website , give 'em a ticker symbol , and put 'em on an exchange .
I know it 's out of fashion in a world ruined by hedge funds and 401 - Ks and the unbearable orthodoxy of index investing .
But I have a great deal of respect for that much maligned and nearly extinct species , the individual investor actively managing her own account .
Individual investors screw up , but they are never too big to fail .
When things go wrong , they take their lumps and move along .
And despite everything the professionals tell you , a lot of smart and interested amateurs could build portfolios that match or beat the managers upon whose conflicted hands they have been persuaded to rely .
Nothing generates a market price like a sea of independent minds making thousands of small trades , back and forth and back and forth .
Facebook ’s chief executive , Mark Zuckerberg , also invited users to contribute to a new Bill of Rights and Responsibilities , which would serve as a governing document for the site .
Facebook has been redefining notions of privacy while growing so rapidly that it now has 175 million active users , giving it a population larger than most countries .
In an interview , Chris Kelly , Facebook ’s chief privacy officer , characterized the event as a misunderstanding , stemming from a clumsy attempt by the company to simplify its contract with users , called the terms of service .
“ We were not trying to make a substantive change in our rights or ability to control our members ’ content on the service at all , ” Mr. Kelly said .
“ As that misunderstanding became the main theme , we became very concerned and wanted to communicate very clearly to everyone our intentions by rolling back to the old terms of service . ”
Facebook ’s retreat ends a hullabaloo in which tens of thousands of Facebook members joined groups devoted to protesting the changes and bloggers heaped scorn and criticism on the company .
Facebook sought to limit the damage from an uproar that in many ways was reminiscent of the flap in 2007 over its Beacon advertising service .
That project shared details of members ’ activities on certain outside sites to all of their Facebook friends .
The Electronic Privacy Information Center , along with 25 other consumer interest groups , had planned to file a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission on Wednesday .
The complaint was going to claim that Facebook ’s new rules were unfair and deceptive trade practices , because the company had repeatedly promised users that they owned their content but appeared to be saying something else in its revised terms .
Circulating via email :
Sometime this year , taxpayers will receive an Economic Stimulus Payment .
This is a very exciting new program that I will explain using the Q and A format :
Q. What is an Economic Stimulus Payment ?
A . It is money that the federal government will send to taxpayers .
Q . Where will the government get this money ?
A. From taxpayers .
Q . So the government is giving me back my own money ?
A . No , they are borrowing it from China .
Your children are expected to repay the Chinese .
Q. What is the purpose of this payment ?
A . The plan is that you will use the money to purchase a high - definition TV set , thus stimulating the economy .
Q. But is n’t that stimulating the economy of China ?
A. Shut up .
Below is some helpful advice on how to best help the US economy by spending your stimulus check wisely :
If you spend that money at Wal - Mart , all the money will go to China .
If you spend it on gasoline it will go to Hugo Chavez , the Arabs and Al Queda
If you purchase a computer it will go to Taiwan .
If you purchase fruit and vegetables it will go to Mexico , Honduras , and Guatemala ( unless you buy organic ) .
If you buy a car it will go to Japan and Korea .
If you purchase prescription drugs it will go to India
If you purchase heroin it will go to the Taliban in Afghanistan
If you give it to a charitable cause , it will go to Nigeria .
And none of it will help the American economy .
We need to keep that money here in America .
You can keep the money in America by spending it at yard sales , going to a baseball game , or spend it on prostitutes , beer ( domestic only ) , or tattoos , since those are the only businesses still in the US .
In something of a surprise legal move , a small Scottish company is suing Apple over claims it has illegally used its technology in the iPhone .
Glasgow - based Picsel has taken Apple to task in the US District Court in Delaware , saying its image - rendering technology forms a substantive part of the way the iPhone updates its screen .
Image slowdown
The technology in question speeds up screen redrawing that might otherwise be unacceptably slow for users .
Picsel says this includes the iPhone 's web browser , image zooming and document viewing .
Picsel , which has properly licensed its products to customers including Motorola , Nokia and Palm , is asking the court to grant damages of three times the value of its claimed losses .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
[ digg=http://digg.com/pc_games/Interview_with_creator_of_Half_Life_short_film]
Viewed more than 1.5 million times since its YouTube debut last Thursday , Escape from City 17 is one of those rare viral videos that seems destined to launch a breakout success .
In the live action indie short , a pair of argumentative rebel soldiers flee from a futuristic , totalitarian city about to blow , beset on all sides by stormtroopers , gunships , and general confusion .
It ’s set within the world of the best - selling video game Half - Life 2 , which partly explains its popularity , but even non-gamers are likely to be impressed by its rollicking action and bravura special effects .
Even more so when they take a look at the movie ’s production cost , listed in its YouTube description box as : “ [ F ] rom beginning to end on a budget of $ 500 . ”
That would be 500 Canadian dollars — roughly $ 315 $ 400 stateside .
But is it really possible that a video about as polished as anything you ’d see in a Sci - Fi Channel feature could be made so cheaply ?
And what did its creators , Toronto - based filmmakers David and Ian Purchase ( known professionally as the Purchase Brothers ) , plan as a follow - up ?
To find out that and more , I got in touch with the brothers , who unsurprisingly , say they ’ve been swamped by attention since City 17 went live .
So what ’s the exact breakdown of that C$ 500 figure ?
“ The equipment and software is n’t included in the budget because we already owned it from previous projects , ” David Purchase told me by email .
Rather it refers to the money spent on live - action elements , like the authentic - looking uniforms worn by the brutal Combine enforcers .
“ The costumes , and used / broken airsoft guns made up the bulk of the budget .
There was no crew .
We were n’t paid for the hours of time we put into it . ”
Fans of Half - Life themselves , the brothers have already directed a number of commercials , like this great effects - laden spot for Coke .
They created City 17 to showcase and promote their talents further , and experiment with several post - production techniques they ’d developed .
“ We became commercial directors to help our independent work , ” was the way David put it to me .
He said all of the visual effects were done from scratch .
Many of the elements ( the background , the gunships , etc. ) were extracted from Half - Life 2 , then graphically enhanced , and incorporated into the live action with “ a lot of complicated tracking and rotoscoping . ”
Though the movie itself was made independently of Valve Software , the developers and publishers of the Half - Life franchise , David said the game company got involved with its promotion , plugging its premiere on Valve ’s user community channel , Steam News .
The brothers plan to release part two of City 17 in 6 - 8 weeks , though the storm of attention over part one has delayed that somewhat .
“ We have been getting a ton of emails and phone calls , which has slowed things down , ” said David .
Judging from the brief teaser clips at the cliffhanger end of the first video , a spunky heroine joins the team — as do hordes of headcrab zombies .
( The Purchases promise to reveal details about their cast after that goes online . )
In the meantime , the brothers are already working on a feature film , but David will only say that it ’s not related to Half - Life and despite my pleading , wo n’t reveal anything else about it just yet .
Presumably it ’ll cost more than C$ 500 this time .
With City 17 , however , they ’ve ably demonstrated just how much indie filmmakers working with a shoestring but a lot of technical ingenuity can do .
QR Code Link to This Post
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
It started when I moved into my own place .
Previously , I had lived with up to 6 other people , predominantly males .
Now , anyone familiar with this type of living arrangement knows full well that , try as you might , it is impossible to maintain a basic level of cleanliness .
It essentially becomes a race to the bottom because the only thing more satisfying than a hygienic , pleasant dwelling is the pleasure of knowing the spite you are inflicting on your unsuspecting roommate when you leave a monstrous coiler to breath in the toilet .
Needless to say , when such impulses are what motivates you , it is unlikely that you are going to spend precious beer money on air fresheners .
But things change when you live on your own .
Suddenly , you must claim ownership of any and all filth encountered in your place of residence .
You can leave that bowl - filling monstrosity in there if you like , but you are only spiting the future you .
Though economists grasp with the temporal aspects of preference relations , it is a safe assumption that the zero utility you receive from not flushing is far outweighed by the near infinitely negative utility you receive when you revisit the scene of the crime .
As a heterosexual male , air fresheners are not something I had ever really considered .
Sure , I 'd been the source of some rancid smells in the past , but they served more ofa comic value than anything else .
Frankly , being the first one up the morning after a hard night of drinking gave one the opportunity to lock the door , grab an issue of Scientific American , and really hunker down .
Between the dozen beers and the 2 Big Macs you ate on the cab ride home , that morning shit would feel like it was coming out with claws .
You knew the roommates had one on deck too , but you 'd take your time and make sure the job was done right .
If smells were sounds , the bathroom would be a chorus of wailing children dragging fingernails down a chalkboard .
It would n't even smell like human feces ; it would smell like the local landfill .
Living alone changes this .
You have to start considering the judgement rendered by the opposite sex in ways that you never contemplated before .
Maybe , just maybe , she does n't get all sloppy wet when she catches a whiff of the deepest workings of your digestive tract .
So what do you do ?
Simple : go buy stuff that covers up the smell of shit or at least masks it with something else .
They sell air fresheners all over the place ; any asshole can pick one out .
And that 's when you see the scents being proffered .
Botanical Bliss , Berries and Paradise , Vanilla Passion .
Jesus fucking Christ .
You might as well have Fabio in an open shirt triumphally perched on the bridge of a recently conquered pirate ship on the packaging of these damn things .
Smelling the inner workings of my rectum is no turn - on for the ladies , but neither is proudly displaying some product that sounds like it ought to have a starring role in some off - Broadway musical about yeast infections .
It 's boggles my mind that these things do n't come with $ 0.50 off coupons for heavy - flow tampons .
Sorry folks , but my " Passion " will never smell like Vanilla .
I need something that smells good and these products are clearly marketed to not -me , so I simply choose the ones with the most innocuous sounding names .
" Fresh Breeze " and one that had apples in the name are the ones I finally settle on .
Their little plug in things so they are constantly working , which is good , because I do n't want to spray myself in a cloud of what could be DDT , for all I know .
I plug in Fresh Breeze and walk away .
I Leave my basement suite for a couple hours and go do whatever the hell it is I do when I 'm not at home .
When I walk back in my front door , old Mr. Airwick has a little surprise for me .
While I was galivanting about the town , he was busy making my entire apartment smell like a 90 year old prostitute .
The smell is so thick , it is n't even a smell - it 's a taste .
And let me tell you , air fresheners taste worse than they smell .
In fact , a blind taste test is likely to reveal that the taste of your average air freshener is indistinguishable from Windex .
Needless to say , every window in the house is opened and the door is propped open .
15 minutes later , all is okay .
I look at the top of the little device and see that there is , in fact , a knob that adjusts the rate at which it heats the fluid that spreads the smell .
It was on the second lowest setting .
Needless to say , when the thing burns through liquid like that , said liquid is not going to last very long .
On the lowest setting , it lasted 3 days .
I was n't sad to see it run out ;
The rancid over - the - hill hooker smell actually made me nostalgic for the smell of my own excrement .
Apple would have to be better .
Afterall , who does n't enjoy the smell of fresh fruit .
I 'm picturing maybe a nice waft of cinnamon apple pie greeting me at the door like a warm hug .
What I got was far less pleasant .
I open my door after the apple scent has had time to permeate every cubic inch of space ( on the lowest setting , of course ) .
I 'm instantly bombarded by an olfactory assault , the likes of which I could barely fathom .
This was not apple .
This was was more like apple - juice thrice filtered through the failing kidneys of a starving third - world boy .
It 's rare that a fragrance makes me consider huffing bleach purely for the paralytic effect it is bound to have on my sense of smell .
Needless to say , random - apple - flavour thing was even less successful than lady - of - the - night - circa - 1920 thing .
I 've gone back to being awash in a sea of my own vaporous poo .
Two lessons to be drawn from this :
1) Hetero - friendly names would be a boon .
2 ) Smells that are n't liable to drive people to suicide would be a step in the right direction .
I report on how consciousness and community are transcending god and state , locally in Washington , DC , and globally , where ever I see progress - or backsliding , including on the feminist front !
" Imagine there 's no countries , and no religion , too . "
Most active 2007 - 17 .
See my public Facebook / CarolMoore1776 for daily posts .
Everybody loves a good rumor .
Already today you 've probably passed on some juicy bit of information you heard , without first rigorously tracking down its source .
Who cares , right ?
But sometimes , a tiny scrap of bullshit can result in fortunes lost ... and sometimes much , much worse .
Advertisement
7 The Five - Billion Dollar Steve Jobs Rumor The Rumor : Apple CEO Steve Jobs had a heart attack !
The Damage : As soon as word hit the internet that Jobs had been rushed to the hospital with a failing heart , this happened to Apple stock : Continue Reading Below Advertisement
In the first hour of trading the stock lost 10 % of its value ( $ 4.8 billion motherfucking dollars ) , spurred by panicked investors who apparently believe that Apple Computer Inc. is made up entirely of Steve Jobs working alone in his garage .
How It Got Started : A teenager and a keyboard .
Authorities say the whole thing was just some random 18 - year - old posting the rumor to CNN 's iReport website , which boasts at the top of its page , " ...
The stories submitted by users are not edited , fact - checked or screened before they post . "
Man , how could they have known anything would go wrong with that ?
6 Corona Tastes Like Piss for a Reason Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The Rumor : Corona beer literally has urine in it !
The Damage : In 1987 , Corona was the number two selling imported beer in America , when this nasty rumor started .
Sales plummeted , and did n't recover until years later .
How It Got Started : Everybody 's heard someone use the expression " This beer tastes like piss ! " or , if the beer is n't cold enough , " This beer tastes like warm piss ! " or , if the beer is Corona , " This beer tastes like warm piss that also has a lime in it ! "
( There are several variations . )
Maybe it 's the fact that Corona is yellow , frothy and comes in a clear bottle , or maybe because some Americans still distrust anything brewed in Mexico , in 1987 when someone said " Corona IS piss ! " , people believed it .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement Snopes says the rumor was started by a rival distributor of Heineken .
Before it was over , the public had added bullshit confessions by the piss contaminators ( written in Spanish ) and vague references to either a 60 minute or 20 /20 report , neither of which exist .
What is more , the collective American bullshit hive - brain estimated that the urine content of Corona ranged from 2 to 20 percent .
It 's actually a fairly complex process .
A few disgruntled workers could n't achieve that level of urine concentration .
The implication is that the American public believed that Corona hired professional pissers whose sole job was to drink lots of water and urinate into their product .
It is unclear what the purpose of this would have been .
It is also unclear whether they would top - up bottles on the conveyor belt , or pee as a group into a large vat , dramatically throwing their ponchos over their shoulders before letting loose .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa on Thursday defended his support of Israel ’s military action against Hamas , a day after he met privately with local Muslim leaders who had criticized him as being one - sided and ill - equipped to wade into the complex Middle East conflict .
At a rally outside the Israeli Consulate earlier this week , Villaraigosa said Israel had the “ right and responsibility to defend itself ” from the rocket attacks being launched from the Gaza Strip .
Muslim organizations argued that the mayor should have spoken just as strongly on behalf of innocent Palestinians killed and wounded by the Israeli attacks .
The uproar , while expected to be short - lived , again revealed how events elsewhere in the world can cause political tremors in a city as diverse as Los Angeles , home to some of the nation ’s largest Jewish and Arab populations .
Advertisement
But Villaraigosa ’s strong and vocal support for Israel , a country he has visited three times , including a trip last summer , has helped solidify his support among the Jewish voters who helped elect him mayor in 2005 .
At the same time , Jewish interest groups have been careful to cultivate ties to Latino politicians as their political influence and the number of new Latino voters grows .
Los Angeles County Sheriff Lee Baca this week said he would soon travel to the Middle East to observe the situation .
“ It ’s occurring on a variety of political plateaus , ” said Steven Windmueller , professor of Jewish Communal Studies at Hebrew Union College in Los Angeles .
“ And the expectation exists the candidates that they support . . . will embrace the causes they believe in . ”
Villaraigosa spent part of his childhood in Boyle Heights , which was once predominantly Jewish , and he often visits synagogues on the Westside and in the San Fernando Valley .
The mayor also has been a fixture at some of the city ’s biggest Jewish events and pro-Israel rallies .
Advertisement
Local Muslim leaders worry that those strong ties , and his travels to Israel , have clouded Villaraigosa ’s perspective on the latest conflict and the plight of the Palestinians .
They urged him to be just as active in the Muslim community .
“ There ’s no objection to the mayor having his personal views , but as the mayor of one of the most diverse cities in the nation , he has the responsibility to engage in activities that bring all Angelenos together , ” said Hussam Ayloush , executive director of the Council on American - Islamic Relations of California based in Anaheim .
“ His role is not to be a cheerleader for one side . . .
He ought to be on the side of justice and peace . ”
Ayloush was one of a handful of Muslim leaders who met with Villaraigosa on Wednesday to discuss their concerns over the mayor ’s comments supporting Israel ’s recent military action in the Gaza Strip .
He said the conversation was cordial and frank .
“ The mayor needs to demonstrate his sensitivity to the suffering of the Palestinians .
This is what the mayor said he would do , and we ’ll hold him accountable for that , ” said Salam Al - Marayati of the Muslim Public Affairs Council .
Advertisement
During the meeting , Villaraigosa strongly defended Israel ’s right to respond to the hundreds of rockets Hamas has fired into the country .
He also agreed with the Muslim leaders that there should be a cease - fire and that Israel should not disrupt humanitarian aid from entering the Gaza Strip .
More than 750 Palestinians and 11 Israelis have been killed since the start of the offensive , that Israel says is aimed at ending Hamas rocket attacks on southern Israel .
Villaraigosa on Thursday dismissed any speculation that his comments at the pro-Israel rally were orchestrated to score political points with Jewish voters in Los Angeles .
Given the subsequent criticism he ’s received , the safest political move would have been to keep quiet , he said .
“ I ’ve been to Israel three times . . . .
I ’ve seen first - hand a threat from extremists to deny the right of Israel to exist , ” the mayor said .
“ Israel has . . . the right to exist and the right to defend itself against the terror posed by Hamas and Hezbollah and any other terrorist force . ”
Advertisement
In June , when Villaraigosa led a contingent of Los Angeles city and community leaders on a week - long trip in Israel , he visited Sderot , a town near the Gaza border that has faced repeated rocket attacks by Hamas .
Two of the mayor ’s children joined him on the trip , even after a barrage of rockets had been fired at the town the day before .
Villaraigosa was visibly concerned for their safety , said Nur Amersi of the Afghanistan World Foundation in Los Angeles , who was a Muslim representative on the visit .
“ He was experiencing what the children there were going through .
. . .
He was worried about his own children , ” said Amersi , adding that during the trip , Villaraigosa had urged Israel ’s top leaders to strive for peaceful coexistence with the Palestinians .
“ He understood there needs to be some type of resolution . ”
--
Advertisement
phil.willon@latimes.com
The Foreign Office ( FCO ) solicited the letter from the US State Department that forced British judges to block the disclosure of CIA files documenting the torture of a British resident held in Guantánamo Bay , the Observer can reveal .
The letter said that the release of papers relating to Binyam Mohamed would damage future intelligence sharing between the two countries .
A former senior State Department official said that it was the Foreign Office that initiated the " cover - up " by asking the State Department to send the letter so that it could be introduced into the court proceedings .
The revelation sparked fresh claims that the government is trying to suppress torture evidence relating to Mohamed , who is expected to be released this week after four years and flown to RAF Brize Norton , Oxfordshire .
The former senior State Department official said : " Far from being a threat , it was solicited [ by the Foreign Office ] . "
The Foreign Office asked for it in writing .
They said : ' Give us something in writing so that we can put it on the record . '
If you give us a letter explaining you are opposed to this , then we can provide that to the court . "
The letter , sent by the State Department 's top legal adviser John Bellinger to foreign secretary David Miliband 's legal adviser , Daniel Bethlehem , on 21 August last year , said : " We want to affirm in the clearest terms that the public disclosure of these documents or of the information contained therein is likely to result in serious damage to US national security and could harm existing intelligence - sharing arrangements . "
The letter provoked uproar when the judges in the case said it amounted to a clear threat from the US government to Britain .
David Davis , the former shadow home secretary , said the revelation that the Foreign Office solicited the letter contradicted Miliband 's statement that Britain was responding to American pressure .
Davis accused Miliband of acting to " prevent his own government 's embarrassment " , amid allegations that the files contain evidence that UK intelligence agencies may have been complicit in Mohamed 's torture .
Clive Stafford Smith , director of the legal charity Reprieve , said : " With each twist and turn , it becomes obvious that the US and the UK have to release this information . "
The Foreign Office last night confirmed that it had requested the letter from the State Department , but said it was " sensible and proper " that they wanted a US statement on the case for the legal proceedings .
A Scotland Yard doctor yesterday visited Mohamed , 30 , at Guantánamo's Camp Delta to ascertain whether he was fit enough to fly home .
Mohamed was seized by Pakistani authorities in 2002 and turned over to US intelligence officials as a suspected terrorist .
He was shuttled between CIA - operated facilities in Afghanistan , Pakistan and Morocco before arriving at Guantánamo in 2004 .
Margaret , after reading Chapter 6 of Ann Coulter ’s book I am convinced that Ann Coulter hates me .
And I am sorry to break it to you honey , but she hates you too .
In fact , there are roughly 6.8 billion people in the world and Ann Coulter hates every last one of them … except for maybe George Bush and Sarah Palin .
This chapter is titled “ When 95 Percent of World Domination Just Is n’t Enough … ” which seems to have nothing to do with anything contained in the chapter .
It should have been titled ” 95 % of Ann Coulter is pure bullshit … and the other 5 % is pure bullshit . ”
It occurs to me that reading a Coulter book is like drinking the water in Mexico – eventually you find yourself wondering if the shit will ever stop .
The entire chapter seems to be one long argument over whether Bill Clinton ’s scandals while in office were worse than George Bush ’s scandals while in office .
Of course , Ann does n’t think there were any scandals of note while Bush was in office .
In fact , Ann felt Bush ’s biggest failure was that he spent his entire time trying to appease Democrats .
I can only assume that Ann has no idea what “ appease ” means .
It ’s kind of a big word for her .
I really ca n’t explain this chapter other than maybe
Ann did n’t think anyone would read this far into her book .
I may have indeed gone where no man has gone before when I finished this chapter .
That ’s one small step for me and one giant foot for Ann .
Margaret , you ’ll have to forgive me if my summation of this chapter is a bit wanting .
Ann ’s thought process was even worse than her sentence structure so I do n’t intend to spend anymore time on this summary except to say this :
Bill Clinton cheated on just one person – his wife .
George Bush cheated on… well 6.8 billion of us .
You tell me which is worse .
Before I go , I want to briefly move on to a more relevant topic – not that Coulter is relevant ever – but reading this chapter made me realize that the two political parties seem to be in a no-win war to see which one can screw things up while blaming it on the other .
I am just disgusted with the entire House and Senate right now .
For years I took care of a husband and raised three kids .
If I ran my house like they run the government , I would have never gotten food on the table to feed my children .
Who are these idiots ?
To the morons running this country :
If you would spend as much time working on the nation ’s problems as you spend trying to avoid paying taxes , you ’d realize that most of us out here are neither red nor blue .
We ’re varying shades of purple and we ’re fed up with your nonsense .
Get together and figure a way out of this mess .
Trust me – you do n’t want me to come up there and figure it out for you , because if I have to come up there your ass is going to be introduced to my foot .
It may not be a gigantic foot like Ms. Coulter ’s but it will get the job done .
And with that , dear Margaret , I need to take a nap .
This book is boring the hell out of me , but I only have one chapter left .
I ca n’t wait to move on to something more enjoyable than Ann Coulter – like irritable bowel syndrome .
I mean it really .
Do you remember us telling you about former New Yorker Ivan Orkin and his ramen ?
This gaijin runs a ramen shop , Minami - Karasuyama , in Tokyo , and the locals love it .
They stand in line daily to get a bowl of this white guy 's ramen !
He became popular , was featured on television , and in his own way became more Japanese than the Japanese .
Kinda .
This Amerika - jin has now hit the big time with his own brand of instant ramen , called Ivan Ramen .
FG says that his stuff is on shelves at Circle K Sunkus stores now for 250 yen .
Stocks are limited to a run of 200,000 , so I do n't expect them to last .
It 's crazy to think that an American has his face on his own brand of Japanese instant dishes in Japanese stores .
Our hats ( and ramen bowl lids ) off to Ivan !
The British agency that regulates fertility treatments has issued a guideline for IVF doctors to only implant patients with one embryo at a time , as part of " the struggle to control tragic multiple births . "
Advertisement
While the parents of the octuplets delivered today probably would n't describe the birth of their children as " tragic " as The Daily Mail does , multiple births do pose health risks for mothers and babies .
Multiples are often born prematurely and are more likely to have cerebral palsy or not survive the first week of life .
Women who carry multiples have a greater risk for pre-elcampsia , miscarriage , and hemorrhaging .
This month , the UK's Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority enacted a new " single embryo transfer " policy , under which IVF doctors are limited to implanting one embryo at a time unless circumstances are extenuating .
Under this new Code of Practice , all UK fertility treatment centers must have in place a documented strategy for reducing their annual multiple birth rates .
Though the parents of the U.S. octuplets refused to say whether they received fertility treatments or not , experts believe they probably used fertility drugs taken before artificial insemination .
According to Peter Bowen , a fellow of the Royal College of Obstretricians and Gynacologists , it is unlikely the mother used IVF because " no doctor in his right mind " would put eight embryos in a woman 's womb .
[ The Daily Mail , HFEA ]
why science and politics do n’t mix
America 's culture is smothering its scientists and their innovations under a cloud of apathy and contempt .
It ’s become a new ritual in American politics .
At some rally , a candidate campaigning for public office says that he never did well in math and science and unlike his elitist , smarmy opponent , he knows that all the college degrees in the world are no match for the school of hard knocks .
And that , he contends , is why he ’s a better candidate .
He ’s an average person like us , not some hoity - toity empiricist draped in sheepskins , so do the right thing and vote for him .
Then in office , he and his colleagues cut funding for R&D projects and make it more and more difficult to get research grants as the country wonders why there ’s a decline in science and engineering students in America in stark contrast to other nations .
Once upon a time , the United States created a culture in which science was going to create the kind of future we still only dream about .
Those learned men and women in lab coats would be deciphering our genomes , defeating diseases left and right , building fusion reactors for cheap , safe electricity and outfit the military with weapons so devastating , wars would last just days .
Scientists used to be part heroes and part celebrities , working behind the front lines of making the future of our wildest dreams a reality .
But that was long ago .
That was before a major shift in culture .
Government went from being seen as an enabler to an incompetent mess unable to perform or oversee the simplest task without waste , corruption and total incompetence .
Ronald Reagan summarized this culture best during his speeches when he said that there were no smart people in government and anyone who was actually competent was working for huge corporations .
Over the last 30 years , that ’s been the prevailing worldview .
If you want to make real money , if you want to be of real use , if you want to be smart , you go work for a company or on Wall Street with the yuppies .
They were the golden boys and girls .
They were the future with their financial and management savvy .
Government ?
A pack of used up old geezers .
Practically rejects if you will .
Discarded refuse from companies where they no longer could do anything even remotely useful .
Yes , to a certain extent this is a hyperbole , but it does shine a light on the cultural subtext which is still going strong today .
Why then should we bemoan our leaders for doing a bad job when we elect them with the expectation that they ’re borderline useless ?
We ’ve set them and ourselves up for failure by electing them on this premise .
This undercurrent also creates double standards .
When the stock market suffered a blow from the credit crunch and the resulting recession , the government made up of the people born and educated into the culture in which business was all - important to the nation ’s survival , rushed to give a $ 700 billion bailout to banks that caused the mess in the first place .
As I was writing a pair of essays on the subject for BusinessWeek.com , I could n’t help mentioning that this is not the first time banks that made bad or careless bets were rescued from their own mistakes via a government intervention and a large corporate welfare program .
In the 1980s , bankers vowed that never again will they play fast and loose with money and cause taxpayers billions .
But hey , if they mess up , it hurts the economy and we can’t allow major campaign contributors , err … I mean pillars of industry to falter , can we ?
Besides , it ’s taxpayer money , the taxpayers will make it back as soon as these wounded giants start hiring with their corporate welfare checks , right ?
Compare that to what happens when scientists use tax money for a complex project designed to help us understand the elemental basics of biology that could lead to new treatments in the future ?
They ’re lambasted for wasting taxpayer money or used as poster children for how the stupid government is so wasteful that it lets biologists get away with hundreds of thousands of dollars on researching fruit flies .
Never mind it ’s to understand how developmental diseases manifest themselves during embryo development .
How dare they use taxpayer money ?
Do n’t they know we need that to underwrite bad debts for Wall Street ?
Or worse yet , when this money is used on extremely difficult and complex projects like nuclear fusion .
That ’s decades away !
Come back to us when you figure it out , you money gouging ivory towered academics !
And what about the candidates for public office mentioned in the beginning , raised on the idea that science is a wasteful pursuit for dreamers and a life worth living is spent in a cubicle of a corporation ?
What message does he send to little Johnny or Suzy , lambasting someone for his or her education ?
Do n’t try too hard , math and science are for suckers who could n’t survive in the real world ?
It ’s all right to be a C student as long as you have the street smarts to go with it and can watch the movie Office Space without feeling bad about your dull office routine ?
I will readily concede that practical experience is important and will teach you things that you ’ll never learn in any classroom or lab .
I ’ve been there myself .
But having your degree and doing well in your science and math classes will help you deal with whatever life throws at you .
Being knowledgeable is not a handicap .
It wo n’t turn you into an evil genius or a socially inept nerd of a 1980s teenage movie .
And dammit , it ’s important to understand the world around you .
A lunar eclipse is when the Earth passes between the Sun and Moon , casting a shadow on the lunar surface .
From the Earth , we see a circular bite taken out of the Moon , a dark arc slowly growing , mimicking the crescent Moon shape .
But what does it look like from the Moon ?
Well , if you were standing there , looking around , you ’d see it grow darker , the landscape around you enshrouded in shadow .
Btu if you looked up … you might see this :
Lunar eclipse as seen from Kaguya
That magnificent sight is the Sun being eclipsed by the Earth as seen from the Moon .
Specifically , it ’s taken by the Japanese probe Kaguya as it orbited our own satellite .
How awesome is that ?
Usually , the diamond ring effect is seen in a solar eclipse , when the Moon blocks the Sun as seen from Earth .
Sunlight peaks around lunar mountains and valleys , creating what looks like a wedding ring in the sky .
But not this time : that ’s the Earth ’s atmosphere lit up , a circle of a sunlight , a ring of a thousand simultaneous sunrises and sunsets .
Think about it : for tens of thousands of years , humans have watched in awe as the Moon slowly gets eaten by the Earth ’s shadow .
Over the generations myths have been attributed to it , legends and stories told about the Moon being eaten by dragons and other fanciful tales .
Eventually we learned what it really meant ( the ancient Greeks knew , those clever people ) … but it ’s only been in the past few years that we ’ve been able to be there when it happens .
And it ’s now that we can turn around , look back home , and see where it all began .
Sometimes you have to travel far to understand where your journey began .
Tip o’ the eclipse - safe goggles to BABloggee STUARTATK .
Image Credit : JAXA / NHK .
Also , Emily has more .
This is my favorite out of the entire series .
I love how it goes from grey and dreary to slowly gaining so much color as they come back to one another .
This is my favorite series .
The turnover in gold increased by 58 pc in 2008 to a record $ 20.2 trillion , according to International Financial Services London , a body that promotes the City of London .
Silver trading also saw a dramatic increase during the year , rising by 39 pc to a new record of $ 2.6 trillion .
The site is bidboxr.com
We 're getting ready to launch and since I 've enjoyed so many of the articles posted here I thought it would be great to get some feedback from the YC community .
Bidboxr.com is a unique blend of online advertising and online auctions .
Instead of simply providing a site where sellers list items and bidders bid on those items , we 've created an interactive ad banner that bring auctions to the bidders .
One of our major goals when we created bidboxr.com was to provide online entrepreneurs / startups with a profitable source of revenue .
Think of it like Google 's adwords / adsense model , but we 're using interactive auctions instead of static ads .
The auctions are relevant to the content of the page , so it 's designed to draw users who are interested in that particular content .
Imagine reading a blog post about a digital camera and looking at an ad on the side of the page showing an image of the exact same camera on sale and closing in 10 minutes for $ 50 with a big ' BID NOW ' button beneath it .
If you 're interested in running an ad on your site simply sign up , add a few lines of code and when someone bids from your site you earn money .
I 've started to do a few " pre-launch " marketing tests to see which method would bring in the most users - so we 've already started to see some sellers listing items .
If you have anything you 'd like to list or know anyone who might want to list some items - I 'll remove all listing fees from anyone that list anything over the next few days .
Thanx !
Florida jury also found Stuart Hess bore 58 % of the blame for the damage to his health
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
A chain smoker who died of lung cancer is more to blame for his habit than tobacco companies , but Philip Morris should pay $ 8 m ( £ 5.6 m ) to the man 's widow and son for concealling the dangers of cigarettes , a Broward county , Florida jury ordered yesterday in a landmark case .
Its ruling in the lawsuit brought by Elaine Hess of Cooper City could foreshadow the outcome of 8,000 similar suits waiting to be tried across Florida .
If so , anti-smoking advocates said they would be delighted to see Big Tobacco held accountable time and again for its negligence .
" This jury was able to look at the full picture , which includes really the reprehensible misconduct by the tobacco companies , " said Edward L Sweda Jr , senior attorney for the Tobacco Products Liability Project at Northeastern University law school in Boston .
" What they clearly did was reject Philip Morris ' blame - the - smoker - for - smoking defence .
Certainly this is an encouraging event today and certainly a good sign for the cases to come . "
The jury rejected Elaine Hess ' demand for more than $ 130 m and found her husband , Stuart Hess , bore 58 % of the blame for the damage he did to his health .
Stuart Hess , a chain smoker of up to three packs a day , died in 1997 at age 55 .
Elaine Hess , and son , David , sued Philip Morris , makers of the Benson & Hedges cigarettes that Stuart Hess puffed on for more than 40 years , saying he bought into the company 's decades of deceit , downplaying health risks to promote sales of their deadly products .
The case was never about the money , widow Elaine Hess , 63 , said .
" Nothing can make up for the loss , " she said .
Richmond , Virginia - based Philip Morris USA has vowed to appeal the verdict .
This is the first of about 8,000 individual lawsuits to go to trial since the Florida supreme court in 2006 threw out a record $ 145 bn class - action jury award .
Though the court tossed out the award , it upheld the jury 's conclusions that tobacco companies misrepresented the addictive nature and concealed the health dangers of cigarettes .
Cigarette makers , lawyers and other Florida smokers and survivors who have filed similar suits eyed the Hess case as an indicator as to how other cases might turn out .
However , Philip Morris said other cases might be unlikely to prevail with jurors .
" We do not believe today 's verdict is predictive of outcomes in future cases , " Murray Garnick , vice - president and associate general counsel for Altria Client Services said on behalf of Philip Morris in a statement yesterday .
" This case was selected by plantiffs ' lawyers from among thousands of others to be the first tried presumably because they believed it was their best case . "
The World President Great Expectations for Project Obama
The challenges facing Barack Obama are enormous , and the first African - American president would be well advised to remain focused , modest and realistic .
The enormity of the crises he must address are clear to his country and the world .
Is he up to the task ?
Von SPIEGEL
Staff
We 've now shown you a few supercar teardowns from Ferrari 's stable including an F40 and a 360 Modena .
Today we bring you the often misunderstood , but highly respected Ferrari F50 .
Some may consider this NSFW .
Tearing Down The Engine Of A Ferrari F40
Most of us at Jalopnik have pulled an engine from one of our project cars , but none of us have …
Read more
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Mr. Luigi Scala once again frightens us again with his unabashed knowledge of the prancing horse stable , by ripping apart a seemingly perfect Ferrari F50 .
Though all was not perfect as there was an apparent oil leak and a need for a new clutch which looks to be quite the job from the above photos .
Thankfully , they took the time to document the journey that most would not want to endure themselves .
Stay tuned for more for more Supercar Teardowns .
Advertisement
( If you 've got a Supercar Teardown story that you 'd like to share , please email me at autoinsider@jalopnik.com and we 'll feature yours in an upcoming installment )
[ via Universal Autosports ]
Fed Chairman dodges Congress in favor of secretive euro bankers confab
Steve Watson
Infowars.net
Wednesday , Jan 14th , 2009
Texas Congressman Ron Paul has slammed Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke for his decision to skip Congressional Financial Services hearings in favor of secretive meetings with European central bankers .
The hearings , which took place yesterday , incorporated discussions on the TARP funds , the additional $ 350 billion being requested by the Treasury from Congress .
“ At the very last minute , the chairman of the Federal Reserve Board , Bernanke has cancelled , as well as Sheila Bear , who is the chairwoman of the FDIC , she will not show up either . ”
Paul told viewers of his video blog on the Campaign for Liberty website .
“ But here I find out that they have a much more important meeting , ” the Congressman added with a degree of irony .
“ They are going to Basel Switzerland to attend the meeting at the Bank of International Settlements , with other international bankers . ”
Paul explained .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The meetings in Basel , chaired by the European Central Bank president Jean - Claude Trichet , have been ongoing this week , yet very little details over what has been discussed have emerged in the media .
( Article continues below )
“ But here it is , an emergency meeting for them to run off to Europe and talk about monetary policy and who knows what .
One thing for sure is that the people will never hear .
As a matter of fact the people in the Congress wo n’t hear either . ”
Paul asserted .
“ Who knows what they are planning ? ” The Congressman said .
“ I will do my darndest to find out what really went on at these meetings that they are holding over in Switzerland right now with all the central bankers . ”
“ All we do know is that at the very last minute Congress meant nothing to them for them to meet their commitment . ”
Paul added , pointing out that the pair also skipped meetings with the Financial Services Committee last Wednesday .
The Congressman explained that there is now an ongoing debate , over what should be done with the remaining bailout money , that has completely overshadowed the core issue of why the taxpayer is being asked to give up the money in the first instance .
Watch the video :
This article was posted : Wednesday , January 14 , 2009 at 10:14 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Several Democrats on the Finance Committee earlier in the day questioned the proposal to give tax credits worth $ 500 to individuals and $ 1,000 to married couples .
Several senators said that initiative would provide a token sum of money , which taxpayers were likely to save , not spend .
Senator John F. Kerry , Democrat of Massachusetts , and others also criticized a proposal to give businesses a $ 3,000 tax credit for each new employee they hire , saying it was unlikely to influence business decisions .
After meeting with Mr. Summers , Mr. Kerry said he expected adjustments to be made .
“ We are in a good dialogue , ” he said .
“ I am very confident about some adjustments being made . ”
The Democratic demands clash with those of Republicans who want more tax cuts and express doubts that heavy infrastructure spending would be the best way to stimulate the economy .
“ It ’s very important as we go ahead that we find the right balance , ” said Representative John A. Boehner of Ohio , the House Republican leader .
“ Yes , our economy needs help .
But at the end of the day , how much debt are we going to pile on future generations ? ”
With the cascade of conflicting opinions , Mr. Obama ’s allies pushed for quick passage .
Representative Nancy Pelosi of California , the House speaker , said she would cancel the President ’s Day recess in mid-February if lawmakers had not passed an economic plan by then .
“ If we do n’t have a bill before the president ’s recess , there will be no president ’s recess , ” she told reporters .
Mr. Obama reinforced that urgency in a speech at George Mason University in the Virginia suburbs of Washington .
“ For every day we wait or point fingers or drag our feet , ” he said , “ more Americans will lose their jobs , more families will lose their savings , more dreams will be deferred , and our nation will sink deeper into a crisis that , at some point , we may not be able to reverse . ”
The speech was his first since the election and indicated how fully he is stepping into the role of president when it comes to domestic issues even before his inauguration .
His advisers have calculated that he cannot wait to begin a campaign to build public support and have mapped out a series of events to explain his economic approach , including booking him on the ABC program “ This Week ” on Sunday .
RMS lecture at KTH ( Sweden ) , 30 October 1986
( Kungliga Tekniska Högskolan ( Royal Institute of Technology ) )
Stockholm , Sweden Arranged by the student society
“ Datorföreningen Stacken ”
30 October 1986
[ Note : This is a slightly edited transcript of the talk .
As such it contains false starts , as well as locutions that are natural in spoken English but look strange in print .
It is not clear how to correct them to written English style without ‘ doing violence to the original speech ’. ]
It seems that there are three things that people would like me to talk about .
On the one hand I thought that the best thing to talk about here for a club of hackers , was what it was like at the MIT in the old days .
What made the Artificial Intelligence Lab such a special place .
But people tell me also that since these are totally different people from the ones who were at the conference Monday and Tuesday that I ought to talk about what 's going on in the GNU project and that I should talk about why software and information can not be owned , which means three talks in all , and since two of those subjects each took an hour it means we 're in for a rather long time .
So I had the idea that perhaps I could split it in to three parts , and people could go outside for the parts they are not interested in , and that then when I come to the end of a part I can say it 's the end and people can go out and I can send Jan Rynning out to bring in the other people .
( Someone else says : “ Janne , han trenger ingen mike ” ( translation : “ Janne , he does n't need a mike ” ) ) .
Jan , are you prepared to go running out to fetch the other people ?
Jmr : I am looking for a microphone , and someone tells me it is inside this locked box .
Rms :
Now in the old days at the AI lab we would have taken a sledgehammer and cracked it open , and the broken door would be a lesson to whoever had dared to lock up something that people needed to use .
Luckily however I used to study Bulgarian singing , so I have no trouble managing without a microphone .
Anyway , should I set up this system to notify you about the parts of the talk , or do you just like to sit through all of it ?
( Answer : Yeaaah )
When I started programming , it was 1969 , and I did it in an IBM laboratory in New York .
After that I went to a school with a computer science department that was probably like most of them .
There were some professors that were in charge of what was supposed to be done , and there were people who decided who could use what .
There was a shortage of terminals for most people , but a lot of the professors had terminals of their own in their offices , which was wasteful , but typical of their attitude .
When I visited the Artificial Intelligence lab at MIT I found a spirit that was refreshingly different from that .
For example : there , the terminals was thought of as belonging to everyone , and professors locked them up in their offices on pain of finding their doors broken down .
I was actually shown a cart with a big block of iron on it , that had been used to break down the door of one professors office , when he had the gall to lock up a terminal .
There were very few terminals in those days , there was probably something like five display terminals for the system , so if one of them was locked up , it was a considerable disaster .
In the years that followed I was inspired by that ideas , and many times I would climb over ceilings or underneath floors to unlock rooms that had machines in them that people needed to use , and I would usually leave behind a note explaining to the people that they should n't be so selfish as to lock the door .
The people who locked the door were basically considering only themselves .
They had a reason of course , there was something they thought might get stolen and they wanted to lock it up , but they did n't care about the other people they were affecting by locking up other things in the same room .
Almost every time this happened , once I brought it to their attention , that it was not up to them alone whether that room should be locked , they were able to find a compromise solution : some other place to put the things they were worried about , a desk they could lock , another little room .
But the point is that people usually do n't bother to think about that .
They have the idea : “ This room is Mine , I can lock it , to hell with everyone else ” , and that is exactly the spirit that we must teach them not to have .
But this spirit of unlocking doors was n't an isolated thing , it was part of an entire way of life .
The hackers at the AI lab were really enthusiastic about writing good programs , and interesting programs .
And it was because they were so eager to get more work done , that they would n't put up with having the terminals locked up , or lots of other things that people could do to obstruct useful work .
The differences between people with high morale who really care about what they 're trying to do , and people who think of it as just a job .
If it 's just a job , who cares if the people who hired you are so stupid they make you sit and wait , it 's their time , their money but not much gets done in a place like that , and it 's no fun to be in a place like that .
Another thing that we did n't have at the AI lab was file protection .
There was no security at all on the computer .
And we very consciously wanted it that way .
The hackers who wrote the Incompatible Timesharing System decided that file protection was usually used by a self - styled system manager to get power over everyone else .
They did n't want anyone to be able to get power over them that way , so they did n't implement that kind of a feature .
The result was , that whenever something in the system was broken , you could always fix it .
You never had to sit there in frustration because there was NO WAY , because you knew exactly what 's wrong , and somebody had decided they did n't trust you to do it .
You do n't have to give up and go home , waiting for someone to come in in the morning and fix the system when you know ten times as well as he does what needs to be done .
And we did n't let any professors or bosses decide what work was going to be done either , because our job was to improve the system !
We talked to the users of course ; if you do n't do that you can't tell what 's needed .
But after doing that , we were the ones best able to see what kind of improvements were feasible , and we were always talking to each other about how we'd like to see the system changed , and what sort of neat ideas we 'd seen in other systems and might be able to use .
So the result is that we had a smoothly functioning anarchy , and after my experience there , I 'm convinced that that is the best way for people to live .
Unfortunately the AI lab in that form was destroyed .
For many years we were afraid the AI lab would be destroyed by another lab at MIT , the Lab for Computer Science , whose director was a sort of empire builder type , doing everything he could to get himself promoted within MIT , and make his organization bigger , and he kept trying to cause the AI lab to be made a part of his lab , and nobody wanted to do things his way because he believed that people should obey orders and things like that .
But that danger we managed to defend against , only to be destroyed by something we had never anticipated , and that was commercialism .
Around the early 80's the hackers suddenly found that there was now commercial interest in what they were doing .
It was possible to get rich by working at a private company .
All that was necessary was to stop sharing their work with the rest of the world and destroy the MIT - AI lab , and this is what they did despite all the efforts I could make to prevent them .
Essentially all the competent programmers except for me , at the AI lab were hired away , and this caused more than a momentary change , it caused a permanent transformation because it broke the continuity of the culture of hackers .
New hackers were always attracted by the old hackers ; there were the most fun computers and the people doing the most interesting things , and also a spirit which was a great deal of fun to be part of .
Once these things were gone , there is nothing to recommend the place to anyone new , so new people stopped arriving .
There was no - one they could be inspired by , no - one that they could learn those traditions from .
In addition no - one to learn how to do good programming from .
With just a bunch of professors and graduate students , who really do n't know how to make a program work , you can't learn to make good programs work .
So the MIT AI lab that I loved is gone and after a couple of years of fighting against the people who did it to try to punish them for it I decided that I should dedicate my self to try to create a new community with that spirit .
But one of the problems I had to face was the problem of proprietary software .
For example one thing that happened at the lab , after the hackers left , was that the machines and the software that we had developed could no longer be maintained .
The software of course worked , and it continued to work if nobody changed it , but the machines did not .
The machines would break and there would be no- one who could fix them and eventually they would be thrown out .
In the old days , yes we had service contracts for the machines , but it was essentially a joke .
That was a way of getting parts after the expert hackers from the AI lab fixed the problem .
Because if you let the field - service person fix it it would take them days , and you did n't want to do that , you wanted it to work .
So , the people who knew how to do those things would just go and fix it quickly , and since they were ten times as competent as any field service person , they could do a much better job .
And then they would have the ruined boards , they would just leave them there and tell the field service person “ take these back and bring us some new ones ” .
In the real old days our hackers used to modify the machines that came from Digital also .
For example , they built paging - boxes to put on the PDP - 10's .
Nowadays I think there are some people here [ in Stockholm ] who do such things too , but it was a pretty unusual thing in those days .
And the really old days , the beginning of the 1960 's people used to modify computers adding all sorts of new instructions and new fancy timesharing features , so that the PDP - 1 at MIT by the time it was retired in the mid-seventies had something like twice as many instructions as it had when it was delivered by Digital in the early sixties , and it had special hardware scheduler assisting features and strange memory - mapping features making it possible to assign individual hardware devices to particular timesharing jobs and lots of things that I hardly really know about .
I think they also built in some kind of extended addressing modes they added index registers and indirect addressing , and they turned it essentially from a weak machine into a semi-reasonable one .
I guess it is one of the disadvantages of VLSI that it 's no longer so feasible to add instructions to your machines .
The PDP - 1 also had a very interesting feature , which is that it was possible to write interesting programs in very few instructions .
Fewer than any other machine since then .
I believe for example that the famous display hack “ munching squares ” which made squares that get bigger and break up into lots of smaller squares which gets bigger and break up into smaller squares .
That was written in something like five instructions on the PDP - 1 .
And many other beautiful display programs could be written in few instructions .
So , that was the AI lab .
But what was the culture of hackers like aside from their anarchism ?
In the days of the PDP - 1 only one person could use the machine , at the beginning at least .
Several years later they wrote a timesharing system , and they added lots of hardware for it .
But in the beginning you just had to sign up for some time .
Now of course the professors and the students working on official projects would always come in during the day .
So , the people who wanted to get lots of time would sign up for time at night when there were less competition , and this created the custom of hackers working at night .
Even when there was timesharing it would still be easier to get time , you could get more cycles at night , because there were fewer users .
So people who wanted to get lots of work done , would still come in at night .
But by then it began to be something else because you were n't alone , there were a few other hackers there too , and so it became a social phenomenon .
During the daytime if you came in , you could expect to find professors and students who did n't really love the machine , whereas if during the night you came in you would find hackers .
Therefore hackers came in at night to be with their culture .
And they developed other traditions such as getting Chinese food at three in the morning .
And I remember many sunrises seen from a car coming back from Chinatown .
It was actually a very beautiful thing to see a sunrise , cause ' that 's such a calm time of day .
It 's a wonderful time of day to get ready to go to bed .
It 's so nice to walk home with the light just brightening and the birds starting to chirp , you can get a real feeling of gentle satisfaction , of tranquility about the work that you have done that night .
Another tradition that we began was that of having places to sleep at the lab .
Ever since I first was there , there was always at least one bed at the lab .
And I may have done a little bit more living at the lab than most people because every year of two for some reason or other I 'd have no apartment and I would spend a few months living at the lab .
And I 've always found it very comfortable , as well as nice and cool in the summer .
But it was not at all uncommon to find people falling asleep at the lab , again because of their enthusiasm ; you stay up as long as you possibly can hacking , because you just do n't want to stop .
And then when you 're completely exhausted , you climb over to the nearest soft horizontal surface .
A very informal atmosphere .
But when the hackers all left the lab this caused a demographic change , because the professors and the students who did n't really love the machine were just as numerous as before , so they were now the dominant party , and they were very scared .
Without hackers to maintain the system , they said , “ we 're going to have a disaster , we must have commercial software ” , and they said “ we can expect the company to maintain it ” .
It proved that they were utterly wrong , but that 's what they did .
That was exactly when a new KL - 10 system was supposed to arrive , and the question was , would it run the Incompatible Timesharing System or would it run Digital 's Twenex system .
Once the hackers were gone who probably would have supported using ITS , the academic types chose to run the commercial software , and this had several immediate effects .
Some of them were n't actually so immediate but they followed inevitably as anyone who thought about it would see .
One thing was that that software was much more poorly written , and harder to understand ; therefore making it harder for people to make the changes that were in fact needed .
Another was , that that software came with security , which had the inevitable effect of causing people to cooperate with each other less .
In the old days on ITS it was considered desirable that everyone could look at any file , change any file , because we had reasons to .
I remember one interesting scandal where somebody sent a request for help in using Macsyma .
Macsyma is a symbolic algebra program that was developed at MIT .
He sent to one of the people working on it a request for some help , and he got an answer a few hours later from somebody else .
He was horrified , he sent a message “ so - and - so must be reading your mail , can it be that mail files are n't properly protected on your system ? ”
“ Of course , no file is protected on our system .
What 's the problem ?
You got your answer sooner ; why are you unhappy ?
Of course we read each other 's mail so we can find people like you and help them ” .
Some people just do n't know when they 're well off .
But of course Twenex not only has security , and by default turns on security , but it's also designed with the assumption that security is in use .
So there are lots of things that are very easy to do that can cause a lot of damage , and the only thing that would stop you from doing them by accident , is security .
On ITS we evolved other means of discouraging people from doing those things by accident , but on Twenex you did n't have them because they assumed that there was going to be be strict security in effect and only the bosses were going to have the power to do them .
So they did n't put in any other mechanism to make it hard to do by accident .
The result of this is that you can't just take Twenex and turn off the security and have what you 'd really like to have , and there were no longer the hackers to make the changes to put in those other mechanisms , so people were forced to use the security .
And about six months after the machine was there they started having some coups d'etat .
That is , at first we had the assumption that everyone who worked for the lab was going to have the wheel bit which gave full powers to override all security measures , but some days you 'd come in some afternoon and find out that the wheel bits of just about everybody had been turned off .
When I found out about those , I overthrew them .
The first time , I happened to know the password of one of the people who was included among the elite , so I was able to use that to turn everyone back on .
The second time he had changed his password , he had now changed his sympathies , he was now part of the aristocratic party .
So , I had to bring the machine down and use non-timeshared DDT to poke around .
I poked around in the monitor for a while , and eventually figured out how to get it to load itself in and let me patch it , so that I could turn off password checking and then I turned back on a whole bunch of people 's wheel bits and posted a system message .
I have to explain that the name of this machine was OZ , so I posted a system message saying : “ There was another attempt to seize power .
So far the aristocratic forces have been defeated — Radio Free OZ ” .
Later I discovered that “ Radio Free OZ ” is one of the things used by Firesign Theater .
I did n't know that at the time .
But gradually things got worse and worse , it 's just the nature of the way the system had been constructed forced people to demand more and more security .
Until eventually I was forced to stop using the machine , because I refused to have a password that was secret .
Ever since passwords first appeared at the MIT - AI lab I had come to the conclusion that to stand up for my belief , to follow my belief that there should be no passwords , I should always make sure to have a password that is as obvious as possible and I should tell everyone what it is .
Because I do n't believe that it 's really desirable to have security on a computer , I should n't be willing to help uphold the security regime .
On the systems that permit it I use the “ empty password ” , and on systems where that is n't allowed , or where that means you can't log in at all from other places , things like that , I use my login name as my password .
It 's about as obvious as you can get .
And when people point out that this way people might be able to log in as me , i say “ yes that 's the idea , somebody might have a need to get some data from this machine .
I want to make sure that they are n't screwed by security ” .
And an other thing that I always do is I always turn of all protection on my directory and files , because from time to time I have useful programs stored there and if there 's a bug I want people to be able to fix it .
But that machine was n't designed also to support the phenomenon called “ tourism ” .
Now “ tourism ” is a very old tradition at the AI lab , that went along with our other forms of anarchy , and that was that we'd let outsiders come and use the machine .
Now in the days where anybody could walk up to the machine and log in as anything he pleased this was automatic : if you came and visited , you could log in and you could work .
Later on we formalized this a little bit , as an accepted tradition specially when the Arpanet began and people started connecting to our machines from all over the country .
Now what we'd hope for was that these people would actually learn to program and they would start changing the operating system .
If you say this to the system manager anywhere else he'd be horrified .
If you 'd suggest that any outsider might use the machine , he 'll say “ But what if he starts changing our system programs ? ”
But for us , when an outsider started to change the system programs , that meant he was showing a real interest in becoming a contributing member of the community .
We would always encourage them to do this .
Starting , of course , by writing new system utilities , small ones , and we would look over what they had done and correct it , but then they would move on to adding features to existing , large utilities .
And these are programs that have existed for ten years or perhaps fifteen years , growing piece by piece as one craftsman after an other added new features .
Sort of like cities in France you might say , where you can see the extremely old buildings with additions made a few hundred years later all the way up to the present .
Where in the field of computing , a program that was started in 1965 is essentially that .
So we would always hope for tourists to become system maintainers , and perhaps then they would get hired , after they had already begun working on system programs and shown us that they were capable of doing good work .
But the ITS machines had certain other features that helped prevent this from getting out of hand , one of these was the “ spy ” feature , where anybody could watch what anyone else was doing .
And of course tourists loved to spy , they think it 's such a neat thing , it 's a little bit naughty you see , but the result is that if any tourist starts doing anything that causes trouble there 's always somebody else watching him .
So pretty soon his friends would get very mad because they would know that the continued existence of tourism depended on tourists being responsible .
So usually there would be somebody who would know who the guy was , and we'd be able to let him leave us alone .
And if we could n't , then what we would do was we would turn off access from certain places completely , for a while , and when we turned it back on , he would have gone away and forgotten about us .
And so it went on for years and years and years .
But the Twenex system was n't designed for this sort of thing , and eventually they would n't tolerate me with my password that everybody knew , tourists always logging in as me two or three at a time , so they started flushing my account .
And by that time I was mostly working on other machines anyway , so eventually I gave up and stopped ever turning it on again .
And that was that .
I have n't logged in on that machine as myself …
[ At this point RMS is interrupted by tremendous applause ] … for .
But when they first got this Twenex system they had several changes in mind that they wanted to make .
Changes in the way security worked .
They also wanted to have the machine on both the ARPA network and the MIT - chaos network , and it turns out that they were unable to do this , that they could n't get anyone who was sufficiently competent to make such changes .
There was no longer talent available to do it , and it was to hard to change .
That system was much harder to understand , because it was to poorly written , and of course , Digital would n't do these things , so their ideas that a commercial system would essentially maintain itself , proved to be mistaken .
They had just as much need for system hackers , but they had no longer the means to entice system hackers .
And nowadays at MIT there are more people interested in hacking on ITS than there are interested in hacking on Twenex .
And the final reason why this is so , is that Twenex can't be shared .
Twenex is a proprietary program and you 're only allowed to have the sources if you keep them secret in certain nasty ways , and this gives them a bad flavor .
Unless a person is oblivious ( which some people in computers are , there 's some people who 'll do anything if it 's fun for them , and wo n't think for a minute whether they 're cooperating with anyone else , but you 'd have to be pretty oblivious to not to notice what a sad thing it is to work on a program like that , and that is a further discouragement ) .
And if that is n't enough there is the fact that every year or so they 're going to give you a new release full of 50 000 additional lines of code all written by monkeys .
Because they generally follow the “ million monkeys typing , and eventually they 'll come up with something useful ” school of system development .
It was clear to me from what I saw happening to these proprietary systems that the only way we could have the spirit of the old AI lab was to have a free operating system .
To have a system made up of free software which could be shared with anyone .
So that we could invite everyone to join in improving it .
And that 's what led up to the GNU project .
So I guess we 've arrived at the second part of the talk .
About three and a half year ago it was clear to me that I should start developing a free software system .
I could see two possible kinds of systems to develop : One : A LISP - machine - like system , essentially a system just like the MIT LISP machine system that had just been developed , except free , and running on general purpose hardware , not on special LISP machines .
And the other possibility was a more conventional operating system , and it was clear to me that if I made a conventional operating system , I should make it compatible with Unix , because that would make it easy for people all around to switch to it .
After a little while , I concluded I should do the latter and the reason was , that I saw that you can't have something really like the LISP machine system on general purpose hardware .
The LISP machine system uses special hardware plus special writable microcode to gain both good execution speed and robust detection of errors at runtime , specially data - type errors .
In order to make a LISP system run fast enough on ordinary hardware , you have to start making assumptions .
Assuming that a certain argument is the right type , and then if it is n't the system just crashes .
Of course you can put in explicit checks , you can write a robust program if you want , but the fact is that you are going to get things like memory addressing errors when you feed a function an argument of the wrong type if you did NOT put in things to check for it .
So the result is then that you need something running underneath the LISP system to you catch these errors , and give the user the ability to keep on running , and debug what happened to him .
Finally I concluded that if I was going to have to have a operating system at a lower level , I might as well make a good operating - system — that it was a choice between an operating system and the lisp , or just an operating system ; therefore I should do the operating system first , and I should make it compatible with Unix .
Finally when I realized that I could use the most amusing word in the English language as a name for this system , it was clear which choice I had to make .
And that word is of course GNU , which stands for “ Gnu 's Not Unix ” .
The recursive acronym is a very old tradition among the hacker community around MIT .
It started , I believe , with an editor called TINT , which means : “ Tint Is Not Teco ” , and later on it went through names such as “ SINE ” for “ SINE Is Not Emacs ” , and FINE for “ Fine Is Not Emacs ” , and EINE for “ Eine Is Not Emacs ” , and ZWEI for “ Zwei Was Eine Initially ” , and ultimately now arrives at GNU .
I would say that since the time about two and a half years ago when I actually started working on GNU , I 've done more than half of the work .
When I was getting ready to start working on the project , I first started looking around for what I could find already available free .
I found out about an interesting portable compiler system which was called “ the free university compiler kit ” , and I thought , with a name like that , perhaps I could have it .
So , I sent a message to the person who had developed it asking if he would give it to the GNU project , and he said “ No , the university might be free , but the software they develop is n't ” , but he then said that he wanted to have a Unix compatible system too , and he wanted to write a sort of kernel for it , so why did n't I then write the utilities , and they could both be distributed with his proprietary compiler , to encourage people to buy that compiler .
And I thought that this was despicable and so I told him that my first project would be a compiler .
I did n't really know much about optimizing compilers at the time , because I 'd never worked on one .
But I got my hands on a compiler , that I was told at the time was free .
It was a compiler called PASTEL , which the authors say means “ off - color PASCAL ” .
Pastel was a very complicated language including features such as parametrized types and explicit type parameters and many complicated things .
The compiler was of course written in this language , and had many complicated features to optimize the use of these things .
For example : the type “ string ” in that language was a parameterized type ; you could say “ string ( n ) ” if you wanted a string of a particular length ; you could also just say “ string ” , and the parameter would be determined from the context .
Now , strings are very important , and it is necessary for a lot of constructs that use them to run fast , and this means that they had to have a lot of features to detect such things as : when the declared length of a string is an argument that is known to be constant throughout the function , to save to save the value and optimize the code they 're going to produce , many complicated things .
But I did get to see in this compiler how to do automatic register allocation , and some ideas about how to handle different sorts of machines .
Well , since this compiler already compiled PASTEL , what i needed to do was add a front - end for C , which I did , and add a back - end for the 68000 which I expected to be my first target machine .
But I ran into a serious problem .
Because the PASTEL language was defined not to require you to declare something before you used it , the declarations and uses could be in any order , in other words : Pascal 's “ forward ” declaration was obsolete , because of this it was necessary to read in an entire program , and keep it in core , and then process it all at once .
The result was that the intermediate storage used in the compiler , the size of the memory needed , was proportional to the size of your file .
And this also included stack - space , you needed gigantic amounts of stack space , and what I found as a result was : that the 68000 system available to me could not run the compiler .
Because it was a horrible version of Unix that gave you a limit of something like 16 K words of stack , this despite the existence of six megabytes in the machine , you could only have 16Kw of stack or something like that .
And of course to generate its conflict matrix to see which temporary values conflicted , or was alive at the same time as which others , it needed a quadratic matrix of bits , and that for large functions that would get it to hundreds of thousands of bytes .
So i managed to debug the first pass of the ten or so passes of the compiler , cross compiled on to that machine , and then found that the second one could never run .
While I was thinking about what to do about these problems and wondering whether I should try to fix them or write entirely new compiler , in a roundabout fashion I began working on GNU Emacs .
GNU Emacs is the main distributed portion of the GNU system .
It 's an extensible text editor a lot like the original emacs which I developed ten years ago , except that this one uses actual LISP as its extension language .
The editor itself is implemented in C , as is the LISP interpreter , so the LISP interpreter is completely portable , and you do n't need a LISP system external to the editor .
The editor contains its own LISP system , and all of the editing commands are written in LISP so that they can provide you with examples to look at for how to write your own editing commands , and things to start with , so you can change them into the editing commands that you really want .
In the summer of that year , about two years ago now , a friend of mine told me that because of his work in early development of Gosling Emacs , he had permission from Gosling in a message he had been sent to distribute his version of that .
Gosling originally had set up his Emacs and distributed it free and gotten many people to help develop it , under the expectation based on Gosling 's own words in his own manual that he was going to follow the same spirit that I started with the original Emacs .
Then he stabbed everyone in the back by putting copyrights on it , making people promise not to redistribute it and then selling it to a software - house .
My later dealings with him personally showed that he was every bit as cowardly and despicable as you would expect from that history .
But in any case , my friend gave me this program , and my intention was to change the editing commands at the top level to make them compatible with the original Emacs that I was used to .
And to make them handle all the combinations of numerical arguments and so on that one might expect that they would handle and have all the features that I wanted .
But after a little bit of this , I discovered that the extension language of that editor , which is called MOCKLISP , was not sufficient for the task .
I found that that I had to replace it immediately in order to do what I was planning to do .
Before I had had the idea of someday perhaps replacing MOCKLISP with real LISP , but what I found out was that it had do be done first .
Now , the reason that MOCKLISP is called MOCK , is that it has no kind of structure datatype : it does not have LISP lists ; it does not have any kind of array .
It also does not have LISP symbols , which are objects with names : for any particular name , there is only one object , so that you can type in the name and you always get the same object back .
And this tremendously hampers the writing of many kinds of programs , you have to do things by complicated string - manipulation that do n't really go that way .
So I wrote a LISP interpreter and put it in in place of MOCKLISP and in the process I found that I had to rewrite many of the editor 's internal data structures because I wanted them to be LISP objects .
I wanted the interface between the LISP and the editor to be clean , which means that objects such as editor buffers , sub - processes , windows and buffer - positions , all have to be LISP objects , so that the editor primitives that work on them are actually callable as LISP functions with LISP data .
This meant that I had to redesign the data formats of all those objects and rewrite all the functions that worked on them , and the result was that after about six months I had rewritten just about everything in the editor .
In addition , because it is so hard to write things in MOCKLISP , all the things that had been written in MOCKLISP were very unclean and by rewriting them to take advantage of the power of real LISP , I could make them much more powerful and much simpler and much faster .
So I did that , and the result was that when I started distributing this program only a small fraction remained from what I had received .
At this point , the company that Gosling thinks he sold the program to challenged my friend 's right to distribute it , and the message was on backup tapes , so he could n't find it .
And Gosling denied having given him permission .
And then a strange thing happened .
He was negotiating with this company , and it seemed that the company mainly was concerned with not having anything distributed that resembled what they were distributing .
See , he was still distributing , and the company where he worked , which is Megatest , was still distributing the same thing he had given me , which really was an old version of Gosling Emacs with his changes , and so he was going to make an agreement with them where he would stop distributing that , and would switch to using GNU Emacs , and they would then acknowledge that he really had the permission after all , and then supposedly everyone would be happy .
And this company was talking to me about wanting to distribute GNU Emacs , free of course , but also sell various sorts of supporting assistance , and they wanted to hire me to help do the work .
So it 's sort of strange that they then changed their mind and refused to sign that agreement , and put up a message on the network saying that I was n't allowed to distribute the program .
They did n't actually say that they would do anything , they just said that it was n't clear whether they might ever someday do something .
And this was enough to scare people so that no one would use it any more , which is a sad thing .
( Sometimes I think that perhaps one of the best things I could do with my life is : find a gigantic pile of proprietary software that was a trade secret , and start handing out copies on a street corner so it would n't be a trade secret any more , and perhaps that would be a much more efficient way for me to give people new free software than actually writing it myself ; but everyone is too cowardly to even take it . )
So I was forced to rewrite all the rest that remained , and I did that , it took me about a week and a half .
So they won a tremendous victory .
And I certainly would n't ever cooperate with them in any fashion after that .
Then after GNU Emacs was reasonably stable , which took all in all about a year and a half , I started getting back to other parts of the system .
I developed a debugger which I called GDB which is a symbolic debugger for C code , which recently entered distribution .
Now this debugger is to a large extent in the spirit of DBX , which is a debugger that comes with Berkeley Unix .
Commands consist of a word that says what you want to do , followed by arguments .
In this debugger , commands can all be abbreviated , and the common commands have single character abbreviations , but any unique abbreviation is always allowed .
There are extensible HELP facilities , you can type HELP followed by any command or even subcommands , and get a lengthy description of how to use that command .
Of course you can type any expression in C , and it will print the value .
You can also do some things that are not usual in symbolic C debuggers , for example :
You can refer to any C datatype at any memory address , either to examine the value , or to assign the value .
So for example if you want to store a floating point value in a word at a certain address , you just say : “ Give me the object of type FLOAT or DOUBLE at this address ” and then assign that .
Another thing you can do is to examine all the values that have been examined in the past .
Every value examined gets put on the “ value history ” .
You can refer to any element in the history by its numerical position , or you can easily refer to the last element with just dollar - sign .
And this makes it much easier to trace list structure .
If you have any kind of C structure that contains a pointer to another one , you can do something like “ PRINT *$. next ” , which says : “ Get the next field out of the last thing you showed me , and then display the structure that points at ” .
And you can repeat that command , and each time you 'll see then next structure in the list .
Whereas in every other C debugger that I 've seen the only way to do that is to type a longer command each time .
And when this is combined with the feature that just typing carriage - return repeats the last command you issued , it becomes very convenient .
Just type carriage - return for each element in the list you want to see .
There are also explicitly settable variables in the debugger , any number of them .
You say dollar - sign followed by a name , and that is a variable .
You can assign these variables values of any C datatype and then you can examine them later .
Among the things that these are useful for are :
If there 's a particular value that you 're going to examine , and you know you are going to refer to it a lot , then rather than remember its number in the history you might give it a name .
You might also find use for them when you set conditional breakpoints .
Conditional breakpoints are a feature in many symbolic debuggers , you say “ stop when you get to this point in the program , but only if a certain expression is true ” .
The variables in the debugger allow you to compare a variable in the program with a previous value of that variable that you saved in a debugger variable .
Another thing that they can be used for is for counting , because after all , assignments are expressions in C , therefore you can do “ $ foo+=5 ” to increment the value of “ $ foo ” by five , or just “ $ foo + + ” you can do .
You can even do this in a conditional breakpoint , so that 's a cheap way of having it break the tenth time the breakpoint is hit , you can do “ $ foo - - ==0 ” .
Does everyone follow that ?
Decrement foo and if it's zero now , break .
And then you set $ foo to the number of times you want it to skip , and you let it go .
You can also use that to examine elements of an array .
Suppose you have an array of pointers , you can then do :
PRINT X [ $ foo ++]
But first you do
SET $ foo=0
Okay , when you do that [ points at the “ Print ” expression ] , you get the zeroth element of X , and then you do it again and it gets the first element , and suppose these are pointers to structures , then you probably put an asterisk there [ before the X in the PRINT expression ] and each time it prints the next structure pointed to by the element of the array .
And of course you can repeat this command by typing carriage - return .
If a single thing to repeat is not enough , you can create a user - defined - command .
You can say “ Define Mumble ” , and then you give some lines of commands and then you say “ end ” .
And now there is defined a “ Mumble ” command which will execute those lines .
And it 's very useful to put these definitions in a command file .
You can have a command file in each directory , that will be loaded automatically when you start the debugger with that as your working directory .
So for each program you can define a set of user defined commands to access the data structures of that program in a useful way .
You can even provide documentation for your user - defined commands , so that they get handled by the “ help ” features just like the built - in commands .
One other unusual thing in this debugger , is the ability to discard frames from the stack .
Because I believe it 's important not just to be able to examine what 's happening in the program you 're debugging , but also to change it in any way conceivable .
So that after you 've found one problem and you know what 's wrong , you can fix things up as if that code were correct and find the next bug without having to recompile your program first .
This means not only being able to change the data areas in you program flexibly , but also being able to change the flow of control .
In this debugger you can change the flow of control very directly by saying :
SET $ PC = < some number >
So you can set the program counter .
You can also set the stack pointer , or you can say
SET $ SP +=< something >
If you want to increment the stack pointer a certain amount .
But in addition you can also tell it to start at a particular line in the program , you can set the program counter to a particular source line .
But what if you find that you called a function by mistake and you did n't really want to call that function at all ?
Say , that function is so screwed up that what you really want to do is get back out of it and do by hand what that function should have done .
For that you can use the “ RETURN ” command .
You select a stack frame and you say “ RETURN ” , and it causes that stack - frame , and all the ones within it , to be discarded as if that function were returning right now , and you can also specify the value it should return .
This does not continue execution ; it pretends that return happened and then stops the program again , so you can continue changing other things .
And with all these things put together you thus have pretty good control over what 's going on in a program .
In addition one slightly amusing thing : C has string constants , what happens if you use a string constant in an expression that you 're computing in the debugger ?
It has to create a string in the program you were debugging .
Well it does .
It sets up a call to MALLOC in that debugged program , lets MALLOC run , and then gets control back .
Thus it invisibly finds a place to put the string constant .
Eventually when this debugger is running on the real GNU system , I intend to put in facilities in the debugger to examine all of the internal status of the process that is running underneath it .
For example to examine the status of the memory map , which pages exist , which are readable , which are writable , and to examine the inferior program 's terminal status .
There already is a bit of a command ; this debugger , unlike the debuggers on Unix , keeps the terminal status completely separate for the debugger and the program you 're debugging , so that it works with programs that run in raw mode , it works with programs that do interrupt driven input , and there 's also a command that enables you to find out something about the terminal settings at the program you 're debugging is actually using .
I believe that in general a debugger should allow you to find out everything that 's going on in the inferior process .
There are two other main parts of the GNU system that already exist .
One is the new C compiler , and one is the TRIX kernel .
The new C compiler is something that I 've written this year since last spring .
I finally decided that I 'd have to throw out PASTEL .
This C compiler uses some ideas taken from PASTEL , and some ideas taken from the University of Arizona Portable Optimizer .
Their interesting idea was to handle many different kinds of machines by generating simple instructions , and then combining several simple instructions into a complicated instruction when the target machine permits it .
In order to do this uniformly , they represent the instructions in algebraic notation .
For example , an ADD instruction might be represented like this :
r [ 3 ] =r [ 2] +4
This would be a representation inside their compiler for instruction to take the contents of register two , add four and store it in register three .
In this fashion you can represent any possible instruction for any machine .
So they actually did represent all the instructions this way and then when it came time to try to combine them , they would do this by substituting one expression into another , making a more complicated algebraic expression for the combined instruction .
Sometimes depending on whether the result of the first instruction had any further use , it might be necessary to make a combined instruction with two assignment operators .
One for this value [ pointing at ???] and another one with this value [ pointing at ??? ] substituted in it with what came from the second instruction .
But if this value was only used that once , you could eliminate it after substituting for it ; there 'd be no need to compute it any more .
So it 's actually somewhat complicated doing the substitution correctly checking that the intervening instructions do n't change any of these values and other such things .
When you support such things as auto - increment and auto - decrement addressing , which I do now , you also have to do various checks for those to check for situations where what you 're doing is not value preserving .
But after checking all those things , then you take the substituted combined expression and put it through a pattern matcher , which recognizes all the valid instructions of your chosen target machine .
And if it 's recognized , then you replace those two instructions with the combined one , otherwise you leave them alone .
And their technique is to combine two or three instructions related by data flow in this way .
In the Arizona compiler , they actually represent things as text strings like this , and their compiler is horribly slow .
First I had some idea of just using their compiler and making changes in it , but it was clear to me I had to rewrite it entirely to get the speed I wanted , so I have rewritten it to use list structure representations for all these expressions .
Things like this :
( set ( reg 2 ) (+ ( reg 2 ) ( int 4 ) ) )
This looks like Lisp , but the semantics of these are not quite LISP , because each symbol here is one recognized specially .
There 's a particular fixed set of these symbols that is defined , all the ones you need .
And each one has a particular pattern of types of arguments , for example : “ reg ” always has an integer , because registers are numbered , but “ + ” takes two subexpressions , and so on .
And with each of these expressions is also a data type which says essentially whether it 's fixed or floating and how many bytes long it is .
It could be extended to handle other things too if you needed to .
And the way I do automatic register allocation is that when I initially generate this code , and when I do the combination and all those things , for every variable that conceivably go into a register , I allocate what I call a pseudo register number , which is a number starting at sixteen or whatever is too high to be a real register for your target machine .
So the real registers are numbered zero to fifteen or whatever and above that comes pseudo registers .
And then one of the last parts of the compiler consists of going through and changing all the pseudo registers to real registers .
Again it makes a conflict graph , it sees which pseudo registers are alive at the same point and they of course can't go in the same real register , and then it tries packing pseudo registers into real registers as much as it can , ordering them by priority of how important they are .
And finally it then has to correct the code for various problems , such as happen when there were pseudo registers that do n't fit in the real registers , that had to be put into stack slots instead .
When that happens on certain machines , some of the instructions may become invalid .
For example on the 68000 you can add a register into memory and you can add memory into register , but you can't add one memory location into another .
So if you have an ADD instruction , and you 're headed for a 68000 and both of the things end up in memory , it 's not valid .
So this final pass goes through and copies things into registers and out of registers as needed to correct those problems .
Problems can also arise with index registers .
If you 're trying to index by something , then most of the time that code will become invalid if the index quantity is in memory , except in a few cases on some machines where you can it with indirect addressing .
In the cases when you 're doing auto - increment on an index register you may have to copy the value into a register , do the instruction , and then copy the incremented value back to the memory slot where it really lives .
There 's got room for a lot of hair , and I 've not finished implementing all the hair needed to make really fully efficient .
This compiler currently works by having a parser which turns C code into effectively a syntax tree annotated with C datatype information .
Then another pass which looks at that tree and generates code like this [ LISP like code ] .
Then several optimization passes .
One to handle things like jumps across jumps , jumps to jumps , jumps to .+1 , all of which can be immediately simplified .
Then a common subexpression recognizer , then finding basic blocks , and performing dataflow - analysis , so that it can tell for each instruction which values are used in that instruction and never used afterward .
And also linking each instruction to the places where the values it uses were generated , so if I have one instruction which generates pseudo register R [ 28 ] , and then another instruction later which uses R [ 28 ] and it's the first place to use R [ 28 ] , I make the second one point back to the first one , and this pointer is used to control the attempts to combine the instructions .
You do n't combine adjacent instructions , you combine an instruction that uses a value with the instruction that produced that value .
Even if there are other instructions in between , they do n't matter for this , you just have to check them to make sure they do n't do anything to interfere .
Then after the combiner comes the dynamic register allocator , and finally something to convert it into assembly code .
In the Arizona compiler the instruction recognizer was generated with LEX .
Your machine description was simply a LEX program that LEX would turn into a C function to recognize valid instructions as strings .
What I have is instead a special purpose decision tree that 's generated from a machine description written in this syntax as if it were LISP .
And this recognizer is used as a subroutine for many different parts of the compiler .
Currently this compiler runs about as fast as PCC .
It runs noticeably faster if you tell it not to do the hairy register allocation , in which case it allocates registers the same way as PCC does .
In its super hairy mode it does a much better job of allocating registers than PCC , and I observe that for the VAX it generates the best code I 've seen from any C compiler on the VAX .
For the 68000 the code is still not ideal .
I can see places where early stages do things that are not the best , because it can't fully look ahead .
It has a choice in an early stage , and it does the thing that it thinks is going to be best , but really if it did the other one , a later stage is actually smart enough to do something even better .
But the early stage does n't know what the later stage is going to do , so I have more work to do on some of these things .
Sometimes this causes it to free up registers unnecessarily .
Because when things wind up in memory and it needs to copy them into registers , it needs to get registers to copy them into .
This means taking registers that it has already allocated to , and kicking those temporary quantities out to stack slots .
Of course this may invalidate more instructions now that those things are in memory , not registers , so it has to check again and again .
Sometimes it thinks it has to copy things to registers and really it is n't going to have to , so it may free up too many things and thus not use all the registers that it could .
( Question : Do you have a code generator for 32000 ? )
Not yet , but again , it 's not a code generator it 's just a machine description that you need .
A list of all the machine instructions described in this [ LISP like ] form .
So in fact aside from the work of implementing the idea of constraints on which arguments can be in registers and which kind of registers , which is something which was needed for the 68000 and was not needed for the VAX , the work of porting this compiler from the VAX to the 68000 just took a few days .
So it 's very easy to port .
The compiler currently generates assembler code and it can generate debugging information either in the format that DBX wants , or in the special internal format of GDB .
I 'd say the only work needed on this compiler is in three areas .
One : I have to add a “ profiling ” feature , like the one that the Unix compilers have .
Two : I have to make these register allocation things smarter , so that I can stop seeing stupid things appearing in the output .
And three :
There are various bugs , things that does n't handle correctly yet , although it has compiled itself correctly .
I expect this will just take a few months , and then I will release the compiler .
The other sizable part of the system that exist , is the kernel .
( Question : A pause ? )
Ah , yeah I guess we 've forgotten about breaks .
Why do n't I finish talking about the kernel , which should only take about five minutes , and then we can take a break .
Now , for the kernel I am planning to use a system called TRIX ( it does n't stand for anything that I know of ) which was developed as a research project at MIT .
This system is based on Remote Procedure Call .
Thus programs are called domains .
Each domain is a address space and various capabilities , and a capability is none other than the ability to call a domain .
Any domain can create “ capability ports ” to call it , and then it can pass these ports to other domains , and there is no difference between calling the system and calling another user domain .
In fact you can't tell which you have .
Thus it is very easy to have devices implemented by other user programs .
A file system could be implemented by a user program , transparently .
It 's also transparent to communicate across networks .
You think that you 're directly calling another domain , but really you 're calling the network server domain .
It takes the information that you gave in the call , and passes this over the network to another server program which then calls the domain that you 're trying to talk to .
But you and that other domain see this as happening invisibly .
The TRIX kernel runs , and it has a certain limited amount of Unix compatibility , but it needs a lot more .
Currently it has a file system that uses the same structure on disk as the ancient Unix file system does .
This made it easier to debug the thing , because they could set up the files with Unix , and then they could run TRIX , but that file system does n't have any of the features that I believe are necessary .
Features that I believe must be added include : Version numbers , undeletion , information on when and how and where the file was backed up on tape , atomic superseding of files .
I believe that it is good that in Unix when a file is being written , you can already look at what 's going there , so for example , you can use “ tail ” to see how far the thing got , that 's very nice .
And if the program dies , having partly written the file , you can see what it produced .
These things are all good , but , that partly written output should not ever be taken for the complete output that you expected to have eventually .
The previous version of that should continue to be visible and used by everyone who tries to use it , until the new version is completely and correctly made .
This means that the new version should be visible in the file system but not under the name it is supposed to have .
It should get renamed when it 's finished .
Which is by the way what happens in ITS , although there each user program has to do this explicitly .
For Unix compatibility with the user programs , it has to happen invisibly .
I have a weird hairy scheme to try to make version numbers fit with the existing Unix user programs .
And this is the idea that you specify a file name leaving the version number implicit , if you just specify the name in the ordinary way .
But if you wish to specify a name exactly , either because you want to state explicitly what version to use , or because you do n't want versions at all , you put a point at the end of it .
Thus if you give the filename “ FOO ” it means “ Search the versions that exists for FOO and take the latest one ” .
But if you say “ FOO . ” it means “ use exactly the name FOO and none other ” .
If you say “ FOO.3 . ” it says “ use exactly the name FOO.3 ” which of course is version three of FOO and none other .
On output , if you just say “ FOO ” , it will eventually create a new version of “ FOO ” , but if you say “ FOO . ” it will write a file named exactly “ FOO ” .
Now there 's some challenges involved in working out all the details in this , and seeing whether there are any lingering problems , whether some Unix software actually breaks despite feeding them names with points in them and so on , to try to make it get the same behavior .
I would expect that when you open a file for output whose name ends in a point , you should actually open that name right away , so you get the so you get the same Unix behavior , the partially written output is immediately visible , whereas when you output a name that does n't end in a point , the new version should appear when you close it , and only if you close it explicitly .
If it gets closed because the job dies , or because the system crashes or anything like that , it should be under a different name .
And this idea can be connected up to “ star matching ” , by saying that a name that does n't end in a point is matched against all the names without their version numbers , so if a certain directory has files like this :
foo.1 foo .2 bar.8
If I say “ * ” , that 's equivalent to
foo bar
because it takes all the names and gets rid of their versions , and takes all the distinct ones .
But if I say “ *. ” then it takes all the exact names , puts a point after each one , and matches against them .
So this gives me all the names for all the individual versions that exist .
And similar , you can see the difference between “ *.c ” and “ *.c. ” this [ the first ] would give you essentially versionless references to all the “ . c ” files , whereas this [ the second ] will give you all the versions … well this actually would n't , you 'd have to say “ *.c.*. ” .
I have n't worked out the details here .
Another thing , that is n't a user visible feature and is certainly compatible to put in , is failsafeness in the file system .
Namely , by writing all the information on disk in the proper order , arranging that you can press “ halt ” at any time without ever corrupting thereby the file system on disk .
It is so well known how to do this , I can't imagine why anyone would neglect it .
Another idea is further redundant information .
I 'm not sure whether I 'll do this or not , but I have ideas for how to store in each file all of its names , and thus make it possible if any directory on disk is lost , to reconstruct it from the rest of the contents of the disk .
Also I think I know how to make it possible to atomically update any portion of a file .
Thus if you want to replace a certain subrange of a file with new data in such a fashion that any attempt to read the file will either see only the old data , or only the new data .
I believe I can do that , without any locking even .
For network support , I intend eventually to implement TCP / IP for this system .
I also think it 's possible to use KERMIT to get something effectively equivalent to UUCP .
A shell I believe has already been written .
It has two modes , one imitating the BOURNE shell , and one imitating the C - shell in the same program .
I have not received a copy of it yet , and I do n't know how much work I 'll have to do on it .
Also many other utilities exists .
A MAKE exists , LS , there 's a YACC replacement called BISON which is being distributed .
Something pretty close to a LEX exists , but it 's not totally compatible , it needs some work .
And , in general what remains to be done is much less that what 's been done , but we still need lots of people to help out .
People always ask me “ When is it going to be finished ? ”
Of course I can't know when it 's going to be finished , but that 's the wrong question to ask me .
If you were planning to pay for it , it would make sense for you to want to know exactly what are you going to get and when .
But since you 're not going to pay for it , the right question for you to ask is “ how can you help make it get finished sooner ? ”
I have a list of projects , it is on a file at MIT , and people who are interested in helping could send me mail at this Internet address , and I will send back a list of projects .
( I wonder if this is will work ( looking at the chalk ) ) .
Is this readable ?
This is “ RMS@GNU.ORG ” ( just follow the bouncing ball . )
And now let 's take a break , and after the break , I will say some really controversial things .
So do n't leave now .
If you leave now , you 're going to miss the real experience .
[ Here we had a 15 min. break ]
I 've been asked to announce how you can get copies of GNU software .
Well , one way of course is if you know a friend who has a copy , you can copy it , but if you do n't know a friend who has a copy , and you 're not on the Internet , you ca n't FTP it , then you can always order a distribution tape , and send some money to the Free Software Foundation .
Of course free programs is not the same thing as free distribution .
I 'll explain this in detail later .
Here I have an EMACS manual , of the nicely printed variety .
It has been phototypeset and then offset printed .
Although you can also print it yourself from the sources that come in the EMACS distribution , you can get these copies from the Free Software Foundation .
You can come afterwards and look at this and also this contains an order for you might copy some information from , and this [ front ] picture has also sometimes been enjoyed .
This [ pointing at a figure being chased by RMS riding a gnu ] is a scared software hoarder , I 'll be talking about him in a moment .
Software is a relatively new phenomenon .
People started distributing software perhaps thirty years ago .
It was only about twenty years ago that someone had the idea of making a business about it .
It was an area with no tradition about how people did things , or what rights anybody had .
And there were several ideas for what other areas of life you might bring traditions from by analogy .
One analogy that is liked by a lot of professors in Europe , is that between programs and mathematics .
A program is sort of a large formula .
Now , traditionally nobody can own a mathematical formula .
Anybody can copy them and use them .
The analogy that 's most meaningful to ordinary people is with recipes .
If you think about it , the thing that you have in ordinary life that 's most like program is a recipe , it 's instructions for doing something .
The differences come because a recipe is followed by a person , not by a machine automatically .
It 's true there 's no difference between source code and object code for a recipe , but it 's still the closest thing .
And no - one is allowed to own a recipe .
But the analogy that was chosen was the analogy with books , which have copyright .
And why was this choice made ?
Because the people that had the most to gain from making that particular choice were allowed to make the decision .
The people who wrote the programs , not the people who used the programs , were allowed to decide , and they decided in a completely selfish fashion , and as a result they 've turned the field of programming into an ugly one .
When I entered the field , when I started working at MIT in 1971 , the idea that programs we developed might not be shared was not even discussed .
And the same was Stanford and CMU , and everyone , and even Digital .
The operating system from Digital at that time was free .
And every so often I got pieces of program from Digital system such as a PDP - 11 cross assembler , and I ported it to run on ITS , and added lots of features .
It was no copyright on that program .
It was only in the late seventies that this began to change .
I was extremely impressed by the sharing spirit that we had .
We were doing something that we hoped was useful and were happy if people could use it .
So when I developed the first EMACS , and people wanted to start use it outside of MIT , I said that it belongs to the EMACS “ Commune ” , that in order to use EMACS you had to be a member of the commune , and that meant that you had the responsibility to contribute all the improvements that you made .
All the improvements to the original EMACS had to be sent back to me so that I could incorporate them into newer versions of EMACS , so that everyone in the community could benefit from them .
But this started to be destroyed when SCRIBE was developed at CMU , and then was sold to a company .
This was very disturbing to a lot of us at many universities , because we saw that this was a temptation placed in front of everyone , that it was so profitable to be uncooperative and those of us who still believed in cooperation had no weapon to try to compel people to cooperate with us .
Clearly , one after another , people would defect and stop cooperating with the rest of society , until only those of us with very strong consciences would still cooperate .
And that 's what happened .
The field of programming has now become an ugly one , where everyone cynically thinks about how much money he is going to get by not being nice to the other people in the field , and to the users .
I want to establish that the practice of owning software is both materially wasteful , spiritually harmful to society and evil .
All these three things being interrelated .
It 's spiritually harmful because it involves every member of society who comes in contact with computers in a practice that is obviously materially wasteful to other people .
And every time you do something for your own good , which you know is hurting other people more that it helps you , you have to become cynical in order to support such a thing in your mind .
And it 's evil because it is deliberately wasting the work done in society and causing social decay .
First I want to explain the kinds of harm that are done by attempts to own software and other information that 's generally useful , then I 'll go on to rebut the arguments made to support that practice , and then I want to talk about how to fight that phenomenon , and how I 'm fighting it .
The idea of owning information is harmful in three different levels .
Materially harmful on three different levels , and each kind of material harm has a corresponding spiritual harm .
The first level is just that it discourages the use of the program , it causes fewer people to use the program , but in fact it takes no less work to make a program for fewer people to use .
When you have a price on the use of a program this is an incentive , that 's the word these software hoarders love to use , the price is an incentive for people not to use the program , and this is a waste .
If for example only half as many people use the program because it has a price on it , the program has been half wasted .
The same amount of work has produced only half as much wealth .
Now in fact , you do n't have to do anything special to cause a program to get around to all the people who want to use it , because they can copy it themselves perfectly well , and it will get to everyone .
All you have to do after you 've written the program is to sit back and let people do what they want to do .
But that 's not what happens ; instead somebody deliberately tries to obstruct the sharing of the program , and in fact , he does n't just try to obstruct it , he tries to pressure other people into helping .
Whenever a user signs a nondisclosure agreement he has essentially sold out his fellow users .
Instead of following the golden rule and saying , “ I like this program , my neighbor would like the program , I want us both to have it ” , instead he said , “ Yeah , give it to me .
To hell with my neighbor !
I 'll help you keep it away from my neighbor , just give it to me ! ” , and that spirit is what does the spiritual harm .
That attitude of saying , “ To hell with my neighbors , give ME a copy ” .
After I ran into people saying they would n't let me have copies of something , because they had signed some secrecy agreement , then when somebody asked me to sign a thing like that I knew it was wrong .
I could n't do to somebody else the thing that had made me so angry when it was done to me .
But this is just one of the levels of harm .
The second level of harm comes when people want to change the program , because no program is really right for all the people who would like to use it .
Just as people like to vary recipes , putting in less salt say , or maybe they like to add some green peppers , so people also need to change programs in order to get the effects that they need .
Now , the software owners do n't really care whether people can change the program or not , but it 's useful for their ends to prevent people .
Generally when software is proprietary you can't get the sources , you can't change it , and this causes a lot of wasted work by programmers , as well as a lot of frustration by users .
For example : I had a friend who told me how she worked for many months at a bank where she was a programmer , writing a new program .
Now , there was a commercially available program that was almost right , but it was just not quite the thing they needed , and in fact as it was it was useless for them .
The amount of change it would have taken to make it do what they needed was probably small , but because the sources of that program were not available , that was impossible .
She had to start over from scratch and waste a lot of work .
And we can only speculate about what fraction of all the programmers in the world are wasting their time in this fashion .
And then there is also the situation where a program is adequate make do , but it 's uncomfortable .
For example :
The first time we had a graphics printer at MIT , we wrote the software ourselves , and we put in lots of nice features , for example it would send you a message when your job had finished printing , and it would send you a message if the printer ran out of paper and you had a job in the queue , and lots of other things that were what we wanted .
We then got a much nicer graphic printer , one of the first laser printers , but then the software was supplied by Xerox , and we could n't change it .
They would n't put in these features , and we could n't , so we had to make do with things that “ half worked ” .
And it was very frustrating to know that we were ready , willing and able to fix it , but were n't permitted .
We were sabotaged .
And then there are all the people who use computers and say that the computers are a mystery to them , they do n't know they work .
Well how can they possibly know ?
They can't read the programs they 're using .
The only way people learn how programs should be written , or how programs do what they do , is by reading the source code .
So I could only wonder whether the idea of the user who just thinks of the computer as a tool is not actually a self - fulfilling prophecy , a result of the practice of keeping source code secret .
Now the spiritual harm that goes with this kind of material harm , is in the spirit of self - sufficiency .
When a person spends a lot of time using a computer system , the configuration of that computer system becomes the city that he lives in .
Just as the way our houses and furniture are laid out , determines what it 's like for us to live among them , so that the computer system that we use , and if we can't change the computer system that we use to suit us , then our lives are really under the control of others .
And a person who sees this becomes in a certain way demoralized : “ It 's no use trying to change those things , they 're always going to be bad .
No point even hassling it .
I 'll just put in my time and … when it's over I 'll go away and try not to think about it any more ” .
That kind of spirit , that unenthusiasm is what results from not being permitted to make things better when you have feelings of public spirit .
The third level of harm is in the interaction between software developers themselves .
Because any field of knowledge advance most when people can build on the work of others , but ownership of information is explicitly designed to prevent anyone else to doing that .
If people could build on other people 's work , then the ownership would become unclear , so they make sure each new entry to the field has to start from the beginning , and thus they greatly slow down the advance of the field .
So we can see :
How many spreadsheet systems were made all by different companies , all without any benefit of understanding how it was done before ?
Yes it 's true , the first spreadsheet written was n't perfect .
It probably only ran on certain kinds of computers , and it did n't do some things in the best possible way .
So there were various reasons why certain people would want to rewrite parts of it .
But if they had only to rewrite the parts that they really wanted to improve , that would have made for a lot less work .
You may see how to make one aspect of a system better , you may not see how to make another aspect of the same system any better , in fact you might have a great deal of trouble doing it as well .
Now if you could take the part that you like and redo only the part that you have an inspiration for , you could have a system that 's better in all ways , with much less work than it now takes to write a completely new system .
And we all know that a system can often benefit from being completely rewritten , but that 's only if you can read the old one first .
Thus , the people in the programming field have evolved a way of wasting a lot of their time and thus making apparently a need for more programmers than we really need .
Why is there a programmer shortage ?
Because with intellectual property programmers have arranged to waste half the work they do , so we seem to need twice as many programmers .
And so , when people point to the system of intellectual property and say “ look at the large employment statistics , look at how big this industry is ” what that really proves is that people are wasting a lot of money and time .
If they talk about looking for ways to improve programmer productivity , they 're happy to do this if it involves superior tools , but to improve programmer productivity by getting rid of the explicit things that is done to reduce programmer productivity , that they 're against .
Because that would reduce the number of programmers employed .
There 's something a little bit schizophrenic there .
And the spiritual harm that corresponds to this level of material harm is to the spirit of scientific cooperation , which used to be so strong that scientists even in countries that were at war would continue cooperating , because they knew that what they were doing had nothing to do with the war , it was just for the long term benefit of humanity .
Nowadays , people do n't care about the long term benefit of humanity any more .
To get an idea of what it 's like to obstruct the use of a program , let 's imagine that we had a sandwich , that you could eat , and it would n't be consumed .
You could eat it , and another person could eat it , the same sandwich , any number of times , and it would always remain just as nourishing as originally .
The best thing to do , the thing that we ought to do with this sandwich is carry it around to the places where there are hungry people ; bringing it to as many mouths as possible , so that it feeds as many people as possible .
By all means , we should not have a price to eat from this sandwich , because then people would not afford to eat it , and it would be wasted .
The program is like this sandwich , but even more so because it can be in many different places at once being eaten , used by different people one after the other .
It is as if this sandwich was enough to feed everyone , everywhere , forever , and that were not allowed to happen , because someone believed he should own it .
Now , the people who believe that they can own programs , generally put forward two lines of argument for this .
The first one is “ I wrote it , it is a child of my spirit , my heart , my soul is in this .
How can anyone take it away from me ?
Wherever it goes it 's mine , mine , MINE !! ” .
Well , it 's sort of strange that most of them signs agreements saying it belongs to the company they work for .
So I believe this is one of the things you can easily talk yourself into believing is important , but you can just as easily convince yourself it does n't matter at all .
Usually , these people use this argument to demand the right to control even how people can change a program .
They say : “ Nobody should be able to mess up my work of art ” .
Well , imagine that the person who invented a dish that you plan to cook had the right to control how you can cook it , because it 's his work of art .
You want to leave out the salt , but he says “ Oh , no .
I designed this dish , and it has to have this much salt ! ”
“ But my doctor says it 's not safe for me to eat salt .
What can I do ? ” .
Clearly , the person who is using the program is much closer to the event .
The use of the program affects him very directly , whereas it only has a sort of abstract relation to the person who wrote the program .
And therefore , for the sake of giving people as much control as possible over their own lives , it has to be the user who decides those things .
The second line of argument they make is the economic one .
“ How will people get payed to program ? ” they say , and there 's a little bit of real issue in this .
But a lot of what they say is confusion .
And the confusion is , it 's not at all the same to say “ if we want to have a lot of people programming we must arrange for them not to need to make a living in any other fashion ” on the one hand , and to say “ We need to have the current system , you need to get rich by programming ” on the other hand .
There 's a big difference between just making a living wage and making the kind of money programmers , at least in the US make nowadays .
They always say : “ How will I eat ? ” , but the problem is not really how “ Will he eat ? ” , but “ How will he eat sushi ? ” .
“ How will I have a roof over my head ? ” , but the real problem is “ How can he afford a condo ? ” .
The current system were chosen by the people who invest in software development , because it gives them the possibility of making the most possible money , not because it 's the only way anyone can ever come up with money to support a system development effort .
In fact , even as recently as ten and fifteen years ago it was common to support software development in other ways .
For example , those Digital operating systems that were free , even in the early seventies , were developed by people who were paid for their work .
Many useful programs has been developed at universities .
Nowadays those programs are often sold , but fifteen years ago they were usually free , yet the people were paid for their work .
When you have something like a program , like an infinite sandwich , like a road , which has to be built once , but once it is built it pretty much does n't matter how much you use it , there 's no cost in using it , generally it 's better if we do n't put any price on using it .
And there are plenty of those things that we develop now , and pay people to build .
For example , all the streets out there .
It 's very easy to find people who will program without being paid ; it really is impossible to find people who will build streets without being paid .
Building streets is not creative and fun like programming .
But we have plenty of streets out there , we do come up with the money to pay them , and it 's much better the way we do it than if if we said : “ Let 's have companies go and build streets and put toll booths up , and then every time you turn another street corner , you pay another toll .
And then the companies that picked the good places to put their streets , they will be profitable , and the others will go bankrupt . ”
There 's a funny thing that happens whenever someone comes up with a way of making lots of money by hoarding something .
Until that time you 've probably had lots and lots of people who were really enthusiastic and eager to work in that field , the only sort of question is how can they get any sort of livelihood at all .
If we think of mathematicians for example , there are a lot more people who want to be pure mathematicians than there is funding for anybody to be pure mathematicians .
And even when you do get funding , you do n't get very much , they do n't live well .
And for musicians it 's even worse .
I saw a statistics for how much the average musician , the average person devoting most of his time trying to be a musician , in Massachusetts made ; it was something like half the median income or less .
It is barely enough to live on , it 's difficult .
But there are lots of them trying to do that .
And then , somehow when it gets generally possible to get very well paid to do something , all those people disappear , and people start saying “ nobody will do it unless they get paid that well ” .
And I saw this happen in the field of programming .
The very same people who used to work at the AI lab and get payed very little and love it , now would n't dream of working for less than fifty thousand dollars a year .
What happened ?
When you dangle before people the possibility of making lots of money , when they see that other people doing similar work are getting paid that much money , they feel that they should get the same , and thus no - one is willing to continue the old way .
And it 's easy after this has happened to think that paying people a lot of money is the only way it could be , but that 's not so .
If the possibility of making a lots of money did not exist , you would have people who would accept doing it for a little money , specially when it 's something that is creative and fun .
Now I saw the unique world of the AI lab destroyed , and I saw that selling software was an intrinsic part of what had destroyed it , and I saw also , as I explained before , how you need to have free software in order to have a community like that .
But then thinking about it more , I realized all these ways in which hoarding software hurts all of society , most specially by pressuring people to sell out their neighbors and causing social decay .
The same spirit that leads people to watch while somebody in the street is getting stabbed and not tell anyone .
The spirit that we can see so many companies all around us displaying all the time .
And it was clear to me I had a choice , I could become part of that world and feel unhappy about what I was doing with my life , or I could decide to fight it .
So I decided to fight it .
I 've dedicated my career to try to rebuild the software sharing community , to trying to put an end to the phenomenon of hoarding generally useful information .
And the GNU system is a means to this end .
It is a technical means to a social end .
With the GNU system , I hope to vaccinate the users against the threat of the software hoarders .
Right now the hoarders essentially claims the power to render a person 's computer useless .
There used to be people in the US , most commonly about fifty years ago , they were in the Mafia , they would go up to stores and bars , especially bars when bars were illegal of course .
They would go up and say : “ A lot of places around here have been burning down lately .
You would n't want your place to burn down , would you ?
Well we can protect you from fires , you just have to pay us a thousand dollars a month , and we 'll make sure you do n't have a fire here ” .
And this was called “ the protection racket ” .
Now we have something where a person says “ You got a nice computer there , and you 've got some programs there that you 're using .
Well , if you do n't want those programs to disappear , if you do n't want the police to come after you , you better pay me a thousand dollars , and I 'll give you a copy of this program with a license ” , and this is called “ the software protection racket ” .
Really all they 're doing is interfering with everybody else doing what needs to be done , but they 're pretending as much to them selves as to the rest of us , that they are providing a useful function .
Well , what I hope is that when that software Mafia guy comes up and says , “ You want those programs to disappear on your computer ? ” , the user can say “ I 'm not afraid of you any more .
I have this free GNU software , and there 's nothing you can do to me now . ”
Now , one of the justifications people sometimes offer for owning software , is the idea of giving people an incentive to produce things .
I support the idea of private enterprise in general , and the idea of hope to make money by producing things that other people like to use , but it 's going haywire in the field of software now .
Producing a proprietary program is not the same contribution to society as producing the same program and letting it be free .
Because writing the program is just a potential contribution to society .
The real contribution to the wealth of society happens only when the program is used .
And if you prevent the program from being used , the contribution does n't actually happen .
So , the contribution that society needs is not these proprietary programs that everyone has such an incentive to make , the contribution we really want is free software , so our society is going haywire because it gives people an incentive to do what is not very useful , and no incentive to do what is useful .
Thus the basic idea of private enterprise is not being followed , and you could even say that the society is neurotic .
After all when an individual encourages in others behavior that is not good for that individual we call this a neurosis .
Here society is behaving in that fashion , encouraging programmers to do things that is not good for society .
I 'm unusual .
I 'd rather believe that I 'm a good member of society and that I 'm contributing something , than feel that I 'm ripping society off successfully , and that 's why I 've decided to do what I have done .
But every one is at least a little bit bothered by the feeling that they are getting paid to do what 's not really useful .
So let 's stop defending this idea of incentives to do the wrong thing and let 's at least try to come up with arrangements to encourage people to do the right thing , which is to make free software .
Thank you .
[ After this RMS answered questions for about an hour .
I have only included a very few of the questions and answers in this version .
The tape was bad , and I did n't have the time to do a proper job on all of it ]
Google 's mobile phone platform , Android , has been ported to the OpenMoko 's open - sourced hardware platform , though it 's not quite the perfect combination as yet .
The OpenMoko Neo is an open source handset - the hardware design is freely available for implementation , or modification , by anyone conforming to the open source licence .
It comes with a Linux - based OS and interface , but porting Android was an obvious , and welcome , development .
According to the screen - shots at iMAndroid the OS and user interface are both running on the Freerunner , licensing restrictions prevent the open - source handset from implementing 3G technologies , or even EDGE , so it would probably be best to use wi-fi when running the network - intensive applications bundled with Android .
The Freerunner has been available for a while , and it would be surprising to see OpenMoko selling a version with Android pre-installed given their devotion to customer choice - the whole point is that customers can install an OS of their choice , in the same way that when I buy a PC I can install an OS of my choice : Microsoft bundling not withstanding .
Android is simply another choice , and possibly quite a good one .
We now have more platforms for mobile phones than we do for desktop computers , and that 's not counting all the proprietary options , some consolidation is no doubt coming , so it makes sense for OpenMoko to demonstrate its hardware can support a range of options .
MILLHAVEN – In many ways , Hassan Almrei will just be trading one prison for another .
The 35 - year - old Syrian refugee will soon leave this immigration holding centre that critics have dubbed " Guantanamo North " and move into a home near Toronto .
The conditions of his release amount to a form of house arrest and include surveillance cameras , a GPS monitoring bracelet and monitoring of phone conversations .
Almrei has been detained since 2001 and is one of five Arab men the Canadian government has accused of terrorism connections .
It alleges he was part of a terrorist forgery ring and supports Al Qaeda 's ideology .
He denies both claims .
" It 's quite a journey , seven years of my life , " Almrei said during an interview last week .
Wearing jeans and a fleece jacket with a maple leaf pattern , Almrei recalled how difficult his incarceration was in the first years at Toronto 's West Detention Centre .
" Everybody ( would ) come to my window and give me a piece of his or her mind , " he said .
But having only been in Canada a few years , he spoke little English .
" All I used to do was smile and say , ' Thank you . '
I did n't know how to reply and I did n't know what they meant by the insults . "
Over the years , Almrei befriended many of the guards – some of whom later testified on his behalf .
In 2006 , he was moved to this Kingston - area facility where he has access to a living area , gym and television .
He spends most days watching Canada 's Parliamentary Channel and reading newspapers .
At night , it 's Jon Stewart 's The Daily Show and The Colbert Report .
The government is trying to deport Almrei to Syria on a national security certificate – a provision of the Immigration and Refugee Protection
Act that allows non-citizens to be removed if they 're considered a danger .
But the law has been mired in controversy and critics say the use of private hearings makes the process unfair .
Deporting Almrei is also problematic because of fears of torture .
Canada is a signatory of international treaties that prohibit the removal of someone who will likely face torture or be killed – a reality in Almrei 's case since Canada once accepted him as a refugee .
So what now ?
Almrei's case will drag on for months , if not years , as will the hearings for the four other men who live with their families under similar strict restrictions .
How long can their freedom be curbed ?
Can Canada afford surveillance of them 24 hours a day ?
University of Toronto law professor Kent Roach does n't think so .
" The conditions imposed on the detainees are not likely to be sustainable , " says Roach .
" Either you have grounds to charge and prosecute , or you allow these people to go free .
The latter option does not stop the state , either the police or CSIS ( Canadian Security Intelligence Service ) from continuing to investigate including through lawful wiretaps and the like . "
But the government contends that if someone can't be removed from Canada , without detention or court - ordered sanctions , suspects can easily go underground .
Federal security officials often privately complain that they get blamed for intrusive surveillance techniques , but also if someone dangerous falls between the cracks .
" What does the world do with somebody who is truly dangerous wherever they go ?
Is freedom really an option ? "
Beverly McLachlin , Canada 's Supreme Court Chief Justice asked during a 2007 hearing .
" Are not the only options permanent detention in a country like Canada or sending them back to a country that may be worse ? "
Canada is not alone in dealing with these questions .
Incoming U.S. President Barack Obama must decide whether his administration supports detaining " enemy combatants " – one of the Bush administration 's most criticized policies .
The U.S. Supreme Court is considering the case of Ali al - Marri , a Qatari student who was detained in Illinois in December 2001 and U.S. authorities say is too dangerous to release .
Al - Marri is the only enemy combatant held in the U.S. and , while he is n't an American citizen , he was living legally in the U.S .
The United Kingdom has also introduced measures since 9/11 including " control orders , " which impose restrictions on suspects who have n't been convicted .
" I think most people would accept the idea that there may be circumstances in which a person who is n't charged can be subjected to restrictions , if there 's strong evidence they posed a risk , " says Almrei 's lawyer , Lorne Waldman , who researched control orders for a report to Ottawa .
" But that has to be fairly and rigorously tested . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
One possibility – perhaps a compromise between opposing critics – is the use of peace bonds .
The government has already employed these in the case of young suspects charged in 2006 with an alleged Toronto bomb plot .
As the government and courts continue to grapple with these complex legal questions , Almrei will prepare for his release .
It 's uncertain when he 'll walk out of here but he hopes everything will be in place in a few weeks .
This spring , he 'll be in a federal court again as the case continues .
Debian is both the most conservative and the most radical of Linux distributions , resolute and true to the ideals of the movement from which it sprang .
The Debian project reaches back to a time when Linux was young and easy , when real programmers rode on the metal and coded in the buff , and a couple of floppies was sufficient to carry Linux , GNU and all the tools that were required to get a system up and running on a 386 .
Owen le Blanc compiled the first ' MCC interim release ' of Linux in February 1992 , named after the Manchester Computing Centre in Manchester , England .
Later that year Peter McDonald released SLS ( Softlanding Linux System ) , which was the first attempt to pull together all the available software to make a popular Linux distribution as we might recognise it today .
But SLS was n't to everybody 's liking .
There was little concept of packaging , and though the system was ' good enough ' it left the user with lots of work to do .
The shortcomings of SLS led Patrik Volkerding to create Slackware , which became the blueprint for many later commercial distributions , including Red Hat and SuSE .
Dissatisfaction with SLS was also the spur for Ian Murdock 's decision to initiate the Debian project .
" SLS is possibly the most bug - ridden and badly maintained Linux distribution available , " he wrote in 1994 .
" Unfortunately , it is also quite possibly the most popular . "
The melting pot Murdock 's notion was to take this collaborative trick and apply it to the concept of a Linux distribution .
Many hands make light work .
They can also prod round the corners of an increasingly complex system and identify and remove bugs before they are released into the wider world .
The Linux kernel developers pioneered this way of working , but Debian was the first project to be modelled explicitly on distributed software development .
Legend has it that the Free Software Foundation ( FSF ) went looking for someone to coordinate an FSF sponsored release of Linux , and Murdock , then a student at Purdue University , responded to the subsequent advert .
This version of the story does n't appear in the histories , so may be apocryphal .
Nonetheless , the FSF did sponsor the promotion and sale of CDs , and Debian has remained on the free software wing of the free and open source software debate ever since .
Murdock announced the imminent arrival of Debian on comp.os.linux.development on Aug 16 , 1993 .
The announcement contained the seeds of much that was to feature later in Debian .
The emphasis on reliability , stability , ease of installation , upgrades , and package management has been the defining characteristic of all Debian derived distributions ever since .
There were interim releases , but the first 1.x release did n't arrive until Debian Buzz in June 1996 .
Debian has never had a predictable release schedule , and strategic point releases have sometimes appeared several years apart .
As Murdock argued earlier this year : " When is the next version going to come out ?
' Whenever it 's done ' does n't tend to be a very compelling answer for a broad swathe of the market , right ? "
But then , for the Debian developer community , appealing to the market has never been that compelling .
After all , the Debian " unstable " tree , or " work in progress " as it might be called , is stable enough to have been the basis for many other distributions .
The Debian developers have always been more interested in getting it right , rather than getting it done .
Created by admin on 2009 - 01 - 13 .
Updated : 2009-04-24 , 16:28
We are glad to announce the new stable release of Scala !
You can obtain the new Scala 2.7.3 final from our Download Page .
This version is a maintenance release , which fixes several bugs and is mainly oriented towards stability ; new features are being developed , and will become available , in our future Scala 2.8 release .
Please read below for further details .
You can download Scala 2.7.3 final , as usual , from our Download Page .
The corresponding Scala plugin for Eclipse is also available .
What is new ?
There are no new features , as this is essentially a maintenance release ; however , many bug fixes and other improvements are available in this version , including :
( CNN ) --
On Tuesday , America elected its first black president , Barack Obama .
But what does Obama 's sweeping victory mean for the United States ?
Bill Maher is the host of " Real Time with Bill Maher , " which airs on Friday nights on HBO .
Bill Maher has the answer to that , and other questions -- including why he wants President George W. Bush to stay at home for the next 76 days .
Maher , the host of HBO 's " Real Time with Bill Maher " and the star of the current film " Religulous , " was a guest on Wednesday 's " Larry King Live . "
He talked with CNN's King about Sarah Palin 's future , George W. Bush 's past and the impact of GOP adviser Karl Rove .
The following is an edited version of that interview .
Larry King :
Were you ever -- I do n't want to use the word scared -- were you ever worried last night ?
Bill Maher : Why ?
What happened ?
( LAUGHTER )
I think , you know , we all had this paranoid feeling like we 're Charlie Brown and they 're going to snatch the football away again .
So , you know , until about when he won Pennsylvania , that 's when it started to look pretty good for the people who were for him .
King :
What does this election say to you , Bill ?
Maher : I think that the lesson of the election is that the old America that Sarah Palin was saying was the real America , the small town , " Joe the Plumber , " white America , that 's still out there .
But the other America , the more diverse , liberal America , has edged it out .
And maybe that 's the real America now .
Watch King and Maher talk about the election »
King : Is Karl Rovism dead ?
Maher : Never .
Negative campaigning , mudslinging , tearing people down -- that will always be in vogue .
McCain did make a classy speech last night .
But , you know , they all make a classy speech when they lose .
What else can you do ?
And it does ring a little less true when only a day before you 're calling the guy a socialist , a communist , a terrorist , anti-Semitic , anti-American .
Oh , we lost ?
He 's a great guy .
Forget what I said yesterday .
Let 's all get behind the guy I just said was a communist .
Please .
King : Did the McCain campaign -- I know you admired him in the past -- did it disappoint you ?
Maher : Terribly .
I think it even disappointed the people who were voting for him .
I sensed something in conservatives reacting to the election yesterday .
Even the ones who voted for McCain , they sort of were relieved .
I sensed that .
It was like , yes , I guess I kind of had to pull the lever for McCain , but secretly a part of me knew that this country needed a breath of fresh air , needed a new kind of president , a new kind of politics , a new face , a smart guy , a flexible guy , a supple leader .
King : Is Gov. Palin the new star of the Republican Party ?
Maher :
If they 're not very bright , she is .
I mean , that 's going to be the gut check for the Republicans ... what direction are they going to go in now ?
Now , I think politicians are usually led by the idea that they want to win elections .
And Sarah Palin was a bit of an Alaskan albatross around John McCain 's neck -- not that he would have won anyway .
King :
You said you do n't want President Bush meeting with any more foreign leaders between now and the inauguration .
Why ?
Maher : : Because I do n't trust him .
He 's got 76 days left to pull off one more giant screw - up and I do n't think it 's beyond him .
I mean , the man does have a track record , Larry .
You know , I keep saying it , but I do n't think this man will be happy until he leaves the White House smoldering behind him as he walks back to Texas .
King :
You recently issued one of your new rules decreeing that Obama must give comedians something to work with .
Any suggestions ?
Maher : No .
It 's very difficult .
We have been spoiled , first with Bill Clinton and then George Bush .
And here 's a president now who -- he 's not stupid .
He 's not angry .
He 's not a phony .
He 's not fat .
He 's not cheating on his wife .
Who needs a jerk like that around for the next four years ?
Come on .
( LAUGHTER )
But look , he 's going to be the president and we 're going to have to get over our nervousness about making fun of a black person .
He 's not a black person .
He 's the president .
King :
So then you must want Gov. Palin to stay around , comedically .
Maher : I do and she will .
I think what people did not understand about Gov. Palin was that she campaigned for that job .
She wanted it .
She lobbied for it .
She 's a very ambitious person .
And , of course , she 's a super religious person .
So she believes that God chose her for this job .
I guess -- I guess God had a bad night yesterday , because she did n't get it .
But , you know , the Lord works mysterious ways , as we know .
So maybe he 's saving her for next election or the next after that .
She 's only 44 years old .
I mean she could be on the public stage for the next 30 years .
All About Larry King Live • Bill Maher
If you look carefully at the Google I/ O 2009 sessions page , you ’ll see this session listed :
Offline processing on App Engine : a look ahead App Engine was designed to run request - driven web applications , although this will change in the coming year with the release of a number of offline computing components .
In this session , we ’ll explore the task queue / executor model of computation and some of the more interesting applications .
While I am under NDA with the App Engine team for some things , this was quite an unexpected thing to look forward to !
A lot of applications can benefit from offline processing components ; from message queue processing to game simulation .
In other words : Games , Instant messaging , and Micro messaging types of applications will be possible with App Engine sometime during this year ( which is not to say necessarily launching at Google I /O ) .
2009 ′s going to be very interesting .
Technorati Tags : Google App Engine , Google I/O , message queues , instant messaging , micro messaging
Despite the Economic Gloom , Another Home Run for Red Hat
by Ostatic Staff - Dec. 22 , 2008
Red
Hat reported its third quarter earnings after the close of the stock market today , and the news was rosy , especially given these economic times .
The earnings were up nearly 20 percent , although the company did have to contend with unfavorable exchange rates .
For the quarter ended November 30th , net income was $ 24.3 million or 12 cents per share , compared to $ 20.3 million , or 10 cents per share for last year 's third quarter .
Revenue grew 22 percent year - over - year to $ 165.3 million .
The profit performance also topped analysts ' expectations .
Here are some of the details and what this means .
The market sent Red Hat 's stock up nearly eight percent in after - hour 's trading , and Red Hat 's stock has been on a tear in recent weeks .
In this post from a few weeks ago , and in this original one , we noted the fact that Red Hat 's market capitalization was only slightly above the amount of cash the company has .
Its stock price was in the $ 7.90 range , and we noted that at that price , its status as an independent company might be threatened .
Now , Red Hat 's share price is over $ 12 - - better than a 50 percent increase in just a few weeks .
Throughout this year , the market has been steadily punishing Red Hat 's stock even as new CEO Jim Whitehurst has delivered solid results , and bought back the company 's shares .
The company has shown sterling retention of its top 25 customers .
As noted by Bloomberg , cost - conscious users and IT departments are contributing to the continuing success of this company , and its model of providing fee - based support for free Linux .
The strong performance was largely due to solid subscription revenues .
“ In this budget - constrained environment , IT professionals are adopting open source and more specifically Red Hat to save money and enhance their competitiveness , " said Whitehurst , in a statement .
Red Hat , Novell and Sun Microsystems are all public open source companies that have seen their shares pummeled this year .
It 's good to see the business environment holding steady for Red Hat , and its performance in the third quarter and rapidly recovering share price provide hope that we wo n't necessarily see these companies get snapped up by much bigger corporate parents .
This is the second post in the article series about Unix utilities that you should know about .
In this post I will introduce you to the netcat tool or simply nc .
Netcat is often referred to as a Swiss Army knife utility , and for a good reason .
Just like the multi-function usefulness of the venerable Swiss Army pocket knife , netcat 's functionality is as helpful .
Some of its features include port scanning , transferring files , port listening and it can be used a backdoor .
Netcat is ranked # 4 in " Top 100 Network Security Tools " survey , so it 's definitely a tool to know .
See the first post on pipe viewer for the introduction to this article series .
If you feel like you are interested in this stuff , I suggest that you subscribe to my rss feed to receive my future posts automatically .
How to use nc ?
Let 's start with a few very simple examples and build up on those .
If you remember , I said that netcat was a Swiss Army knife .
What would a Swiss Army knife be if it also was n't a regular knife , right ?
That 's why netcat can be used as a replacement of telnet :
$ nc www.google.com 80
It 's actually much more handy than the regular telnet because you can terminate the connection at any time with ctrl+c , and it handles binary data as regular data ( no escape codes , nothing ) .
You may add " - v " parameter for more verboseness , and two - v 's ( - vv ) to get statistics of how many bytes were transmitted during the connection .
Netcat can also be used as a server itself .
If you start it as following , it will listen on port 12345 ( on all interfaces ) :
$ nc -l -p 12345
If you now connect to port 12345 on that host , everything you type will be sent to the other party , which leads us to using netcat as a chat server .
Start the server on one computer :
# On a computer A with IP 10.10.10.10 $ nc - l -p 12345
And connect to it from another :
# On computer B $ nc 10.10.10.10 12345
Now both parties can chat !
Talking of which , the chat can be turned to make two processes talk to each other , thus making nc do I /O over network !
For example , you can send the whole directory from one computer to another by piping tar to nc on the first computer , and redirecting output to another tar process on the second .
Suppose you want to send files in / data from computer A with IP 192.168.1.10 to computer B ( with any IP ) .
It 's as simple as this :
# On computer A with IP 192.168.1.10 $ tar - cf - / data | nc - l -p 6666 # On computer B $ nc 192.168.1.10 6666 | tar - xf -
Do n't forget to combine the pipeline with pipe viewer from previous article in this series to get statistics on how fast the transfer is going !
A single file can be sent even easier :
# On computer A with IP 192.168.1.10 $ cat file | nc - l -p 6666 # On computer B $ nc 192.168.1.10 6666 > file
You may even copy and restore the whole disk with nc :
# On computer A with IP 192.168.1.10 $ cat / dev/hdb | nc - l -p 6666 # On computer B $ nc 192.168.1.10 6666 > / dev/hdb
Note :
It turns out that " - l " can't be used together with " - p " on a Mac !
The solution is to replace " - l - p 6666 " with just " - l 6666 " .
Like this :
$ nc -l 6666 # nc now listens on port 6666 on a Mac computer
An uncommon use of netcat is port scanning .
Netcat is not the best tool for this job , but it does it ok ( the best tool is nmap ) :
$ nc - v -n - z -w 1 192.168.1.2 1-1000 ( UNKNOWN ) [ 192.168.1.2 ] 445 ( microsoft - ds ) open ( UNKNOWN ) [ 192.168.1.2 ] 139 ( netbios - ssn ) open ( UNKNOWN ) [ 192.168.1.2 ] 111 ( sunrpc ) open ( UNKNOWN ) [ 192.168.1.2 ] 80 ( www ) open ( UNKNOWN ) [ 192.168.1.2 ] 25 ( smtp ) : Connection timed out ( UNKNOWN ) [ 192.168.1.2 ] 22 ( ssh ) open
The " - n " parameter here prevents DNS lookup , " - z " makes nc not to receive any data from the server , and " - w 1 " makes the connection timeout after 1 second of inactivity .
Another uncommon behavior is using netcat as a proxy .
Both ports and hosts can be redirected .
Look at this example :
$ nc -l -p 12345 | nc www.google.com 80
This starts a nc server on port 12345 and all the connections get redirected to google .com :80 .
If you now connect to that computer on port 12345 and do a request , you will find that no data gets sent back .
That 's correct , because we did not set up a bidirectional pipe .
If you add another pipe , you can get the data back on another port :
$ nc -l -p 12345 | nc www.google.com 80 | nc -l -p 12346
After you have sent the request on port 12345 , connect on port 12346 to get the data .
Probably the most powerful netcat 's feature is making any process a server :
$ nc -l -p 12345 -e /bin/ bash
The " - e " option spawns the executable with it 's input and output redirected via network socket .
If you now connect to the host on port 12345 , you may use bash :
$ nc localhost 12345 ls - las total 4288 4 drwxr - xr-x 15 pkrumins users 4096 2009-02-17 07:47 . 4 drwxr-xr-x 4 pkrumins users 4096 2009-01-18 21:22 .. 8 -rw------- 1 pkrumins users 8192 2009-02-16 19:30 .bash_history 4 -rw-r--r-- 1 pkrumins users 220 2009-01-18 21:04 .bash_logout ...
The consequences are that nc is a popular hacker tool as it is so easy to create a backdoor on any computer .
On a Linux computer you may spawn / bin / bash and on a Windows computer cmd.exe to have total control over it .
That 's everything I can think of .
Do you know any other netcat uses that I did not include ?
How to install nc ?
If you 're on Debian or Debian based system such as Ubuntu do the following :
$ sudo aptitude install netcat
If you 're on Fedora or Fedora based system such as CentOS do :
$ sudo yum install netcat
If you 're on Slackware , FreeBSD , NetBSD , Solaris or Mac , download the source code of nc and just :
$ tar - zxf nc-version .
tar.gz $ cd nc-version $ ./ configure && sudo make install
Another way to do it on Mac , if you have MacPorts is :
$ sudo port install netcat
On Slackware you can actually install it as a package from n/ package directory :
$ sudo installpkg nc-1.10-i386-1.tgz
If you 're on Windows , download the Windoze port of it from securityfocus .
The manual of the utility can be found here man nc .
Have fun netcatting and until next time !
Chinese Farmer Builds Robot Army
A Chinese farmer with very little education has built 26 robots over the past 30 years .
His love and obvious talent for technology has inspired him to design these robots and build them literally from scrap materials .
Wu Yulu , 46 , has been thinking about building robots from the time he was eleven years of age .
While sitting on his doorstep watching villagers pass by , he came up with the idea of building a machine that walks like a man .
His first robot took several years to build and could only shuffle along as it could not raise its legs .
Over time , his designs became more complex and his creations are now capable of scaling walls , serving water , lighting cigarettes , playing musical instruments and writing calligraphy !
Wu ’s home is near Beijing and he has plunged his family into debt by spending up to two - thirds of his monthly income on his robot creations .
He has been forced to sell some of them to pay bills .
Wu considers all the robots as his sons , and has names for them according to the order in which they were invented , ranging from Wu No.1 to Wu No.26 .
“ They are all my sons , so they must bear my surname ” said Wu .
( Link )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
One - armed presenter is scaring children , parents tell BBC
A disabled CBeebies presenter has been the victim of a disturbing campaign after parents complained that she was scaring toddlers .
They claimed that host Cerrie Burnell - who was born with one arm - is not suitable to appear on the digital children 's channel .
Miss Burnell and co-presenter Alex Winters took over the popular Do and Discover slot and The Bedtime Hour programme last month .
Controversial : Cerrie Burnell was born with one arm
But the decision to hire her has prompted a flurry of complaints to the BBC and on parenting message boards , with some of the posts on the CBeebies website becoming so vicious that they had to be removed .
Incredibly , one father said he wanted to ban his daughter from watching the channel because he feared it would give her nightmares .
Others claimed that they were forced to discuss difficult issues with their young children before they were ready .
One blogger wrote : ' Is it just me , or does anyone else think the new woman presenter on CBeebies may scare the kids because of her disability ?
' I did n't want to let my children watch the filler bits on The Bedtime Hour last night because I know it would have played on my eldest daughter 's mind and possibly caused sleep problems .
And yes , this is a serious post . '
Some even accused the BBC of hiring Miss Burnell , 29 , because of ' political correctness ' and solely to meet employment quotas .
One notice board comment read : ' What is scary is the BBC 's determination to show " minorities " on CBeebies at every available opportunity !
' This new presenter is c*** - face facts - but because she has a disability then she was given a job .
[ It is ] positive discrimination in my books . '
A BBC spokesman said the broadcaster had received nine formal complaints about Miss Burnell .
But she insisted the new presenter had also received messages of support and that many parents were keen to have a range of people on screen .
Yesterday , Miss Burnell - who has a four - month - old daughter - hit back at her critics , branding them ' small minded ' and their remarks ' terrible ' .
Admitting she was upset by the comments , she added : ' It can only be a good thing that parents are using me as a chance to talk about disability with their children .
' It just goes to show how important it is to have positive disabled role models on CBeebies and television in general . '
A friend said : ' It 's shocking to think that people still have these views and , even worse , that they are passing on this discrimination to their children . '
Michael Carrington , controller of CBeebies , said : ' It 's a big ask to entertain millions of children every day .
' Cerrie is warm and natural and we think that in time all mums and dads and children will love her as much as we do . '
Originally from Eastbourne , Miss Burnell studied drama in Manchester and won plaudits for her theatre work before landing small roles in EastEnders , The Bill and Grange Hill .
She also works as a teaching assistant at a special needs school in London .
Disability groups have fiercely defended her and the BBC .
John Knight , of charity Leonard Cheshire Disability , said : ' Disabled people experience disadvantage and discrimination like this every day , largely through ignorance .
This needs to change .
' Understanding disability all comes down to familiarity .
The bottom line is that seeing disabled people on television should be the norm , not the exception . '
Ian Macrae , Editor of Disability Now , said : ' The views of these parents are gob - smacking .
' One of the points of having presenters like Cerrie front and centre is that , the more it happens , the less likely children are to grow up with these sorts of limiting and outmoded attitudes . '
Google revealed Wednesday that it will be discontinuing its development of the Jaiku microblogging service and opening the source code .
The service will remain in operation on Google App Engine and it will be maintained by a community of volunteer Google developers with the assistance of the broader open source software community .
The move is part of a broader set of changes that Google is undertaking to streamline its service offerings and shut down some of its lesser - known web applications .
Developers will also be able to use App Engine to deploy their own custom instances of the Jaiku server code .
The new version of the service includes support for the OAuth secure authorization standard .
The source code will be available under the Apache License .
" While Google will no longer actively develop the Jaiku codebase , the service itself will live on thanks to a dedicated and passionate volunteer team of Googlers , " the company reports .
" We 're excited about developers using this proven code as a starting point in creating a freely available and federated , open source microblogging platform . "
When Google acquired Jaiku in 2007 , we had hoped that the search giant 's entry into the microblogging space would open the door for innovative tie-ins with the company 's other services .
Unfortunately , Google did n't commit enough resources to the service to move it forward and keep it running reliably .
This compelled many users to flee to Twitter and Identi.ca .
It 's unclear how the latest change in direction will impact the service .
If the volunteer developers can maintain it properly and add enticing new features , it could regain some of its relevance .
On the other hand , if it stagnates further in the absence of Google 's involvement , it might eventually be abandoned entirely like Pownce , which recently shut down .
Cutting back on animal products in your diet is one simple step that can have a huge environmental impact .
A recent report from Greenpeace Brazil attributed 80 % of the amazon ’s deforestation to cattle production .
Cincinnati is even encouraging residents to eat less meat to help combat climate change !
Switching to a vegan or vegetarian diet is a tremendous way to help reduce your impact on the planet .
If cutting out animal products all together seems a little extreme for you , even just reducing the amount of animal products in your diet can make a difference .
Here are ten delicious ways to eat lower on the food chain !
Cook up some chili .
This amazing Golden Acorn Squash Chili from Coconut & Lime is so delicious you ’ll never miss the meat !
For an easy crock pot meal , try this slow cooker seitan from Vegan Planet .
Seitan is a meat substitute made from wheat gluten .
Tempeh , another meat substitute , is made from soy and grains .
These tempeh sloppy joes are a great kid-friendly dish .
Have a taco night !
Put out bowls of refried beans , diced tomatoes , olives , cilantro , lettuce , and guacamole with hard or soft tortillas for a fun , interactive meal !
If you ’re craving pasta , Kittee ’s stuffed shells are sure to hit the spot !
Try these tasty black bean patties to quell that burger craving .
For a spicy fix , check out this awesome jambalaya recipe from The Vegan Mouse .
If rich , comfort food is what you ’re after , try my recipe for Mac and Pea .
Feeling snacky ?
Eat Drink Better has a fantastic roundup of easy vegan snack foods !
A simple tofu stir fry is a great , easy weeknight meal option .
Like any change , you want to do things gradually .
Maybe start out replacing one or two meals a week with veggie alternatives and go from there .
Good luck , and happy cooking !
[ Creative Commons photo by Ian Mynard ]
State jobless rates leaps to 9.3 %
Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close State jobless rates leaps to 9.3 % 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
California 's unemployment rate surged to 9.3 percent in December as employers cut 78,200 jobs , pushing joblessness to a level not seen since 1994 , the state Employment Development Department said Friday .
The nearly 1 percent jump from November 's 8.4 percent unemployment rate is the largest one - month increase ever recorded by state officials since they started tracking this data in 1976 .
" I 'm stunned at the increase in the rate , " said Jon Haveman with Beacon Economics in San Rafael , who said more Californians went looking for work in December while employers cut jobs .
The U.S. unemployment rate in December was 7.2 percent .
Department officials said the highest state unemployment rate ever recorded was 11 percent at the end of 1982 during a severe recession .
During another downturn in late 1992 and early 1993 , the state jobless rate hovered at 9.9 percent .
Haveman said California 's job market has not hit bottom yet .
He doubts that the statewide rate will take another huge leap when January 's numbers are reported , but he could not rule that out .
" Economically we 're in uncharted waters , " Haveman said .
" We have n't seen anything like this certainly since the end of World War II and maybe since the Great Depression . "
Most sectors of the state economy are losing jobs .
The department tracks payrolls in 11 broad industrial areas .
Of these , only three sectors had more people on payrolls this December than last year at this time - educational and health services ; government ; and natural resources and mining .
But construction , professional and business services and leisure and hospitality all were down .
In the Bay Area , unemployment rose in the San Francisco , San Jose and Oakland metropolitan areas , but all three locales had stronger job markets than the state as a whole .
Metropolitan San Francisco , which includes Marin and San Mateo counties , was the state 's strongest job market , with a December unemployment rate of 6.1 percent .
But that is still up sharply from the 4.1 percent rate of December 2007 .
In metropolitan San Jose , made up of Santa Clara and San Benito counties , the December unemployment rate was 7.8 percent , up from 5.1 percent the previous year .
In the Oakland metropolitan area , covering Alameda and Contra Costa counties , the unemployment rate was 7.7 percent .
A year ago it was 5 percent .
December bad for retailers
Retailers typically increase payrolls in December , but an analysis by state labor market analyst Ruth Kavanagh shows that even those jobs dried up last month .
Over the past 18 years , retailers in the region 's three metropolitan areas have added an average of 9,200 jobs in December .
But Kavanagh said retail payrolls actually shrank by 700 jobs last month .
The numbers mask the human toll .
The state counted 1.7 million Californians as unemployed in January , meaning they had searched fruitlessly for work within the past four weeks .
A year ago at this time , roughly a third as many people , 653,000 , fit that description .
Amy Gorman , a former business owner who took time off to be a stay - at - home mom in the East Bay , has been looking since September to no avail .
" Everything is being delayed , " said Gorman , who has interviews but no offers in her chosen field of solar sales .
San Rafael resident Mike Altman has some contract work while he looks for a permanent position in private equity , mergers or corporate finance .
" I 'm hitting my head against the wall , " Altman said .
' Looking for best of best '
San Francisco resident Sarah Gilson is having a tough time putting her new law degree to work in a hard - pressed local legal market .
" You 're trying to convince people you are a good investment when nobody has the funds to invest , " she said .
Burton Goldfield , chief executive of TriNet HR Services , a San Leandro firm that does hiring and payroll for small businesses , said employers in this type of job market set the bar high .
" I 'm looking for the best of the best , " he said .
He advised job seekers to be persistent and seek referrals when they get wind of an opening .
" The last five people I hired all had recommendations from people I knew , " Goldfield said .
Employment professionals say even in tough times some jobs open up .
One repository for those looking for work - or needing to hire - is the employment department 's job board at www.caljobs.ca.gov.
But many jobs are being destroyed .
A database of pending layoffs , collected by the state and displayed on sfgate.com , shows almost 650 warning notices issued by employers in a wide array of industries and cities .
To view the database , go to sfgate.com/webdb/jobcuts .
I hate cats .
I hate their tiny , slinky bodies ; their slitted , malevolent eyes ; their pernicious and omnipresent dander ; their penchant for appearing in image macros .
They unsettle me , as I never know whether they are circling my leg in order to rub happily against my ankle or just sizing up the best angle from which to launch a fully clawed sneak attack on my balls .
But goons love their cats .
This love may derive from envy , as cats are clean , intelligent animals , and thus exemplify standards that goons aspire to but never achieve .
Still , when prodded awake by their masters , they produce looks of bemusement and distaste that approximate those worn by their caretakers upon finding out their bacon privileges have been removed .
The following paged document this drama .
A brief aside - for the sake of convenience , I will be referring to the cats by the names of their owners .
I do this because I could n't recall the pet names - there were so many furballs called " Buddy " and " Fluffy " and " Chainsaw Whiskers " that I could n't keep it straight - and because I believe that anyone willing to post about their pet for forty pages is obviously enamored enough with the thing to view such an anthropomorphic mashup of identity an honor , not an insult .
hoodrow trillson gets us started off .
1 . Your cat is probably sleeping right now , knowing cats
2 . Get a camera
3 . Wake that lil bitch up
4 . Take a picture of the face your cat makes ( maybe wait for a good yawn )
5 . Post that shit
A black person is there are no eyes here , in this valley of dying stars .
A Child 's Letter regrets the excesses of the previous evening .
AgentHaiTo says hello to the chair 's topography .
Always Shirtless wants to know what you think about the Zionist conspiracy .
AsecretK invites you to join him for another gripping episode of The People 's Court .
Barometer wants to know if you 've seen his favorite Dustin Pedroia autographed jersey .
barraGOUDA is too much cat for you .
bbf2 can't ... go on ...
Braki just got back from Burning Man and does n't remember any of it .
burtonos questions whether you are truly in good hands with All - State .
cent0r is so happy his anime megapack just got shipped from Tokyo !!! ^_^
Clanpot Shake taught Wilford Brimley everything he knows .
CropGuru suggests you reexamine your belief in a benevolent Creator .
Dalthas knows that when you outlaw guns , only cats will have guns ; the laws of man cannot contain them .
The Dalai Lama joined Twitter this weekend , or so it seemed .
At least , the Office of His Holiness The Dalai Lama was apparently making use of the messaging service under the username @ohhdl .
Or was it ?
The account was promoting the official Dalai Lama website , and responding respectfully to inquiries .
The story spread rapidly on blogs and - of course - on Twitter .
At its peak , the account surpassed 16,000 followers .
The news was not limited to " new media " outlets , however : the story was syndicated by the AFP today , one of the three largest newswires in the world ( a retraction was later sent out ) .
Seeking Verification
Seeing the potential for an interesting story , we mailed the official Dalai Lama website this weekend to no response .
But we also spotted mention of " Deven Hk " in the account : " The OHHDL would like to graciously thank our Twitter mediator , Deven Hk , for providing insight and logistical information " .
( Incidentally , at the time of writing , Google 's cached version of the OHHDL account is still viewable . )
We found Deven Hk on Twitter ( @HkDeven ) and spotted that he was a Dalai Lama expert and enthusiast .
When asked whether he was responsible for the account , he replied :
If the account was a fake , we wondered , why did it publicly credit this man , a self - professed " Buddhist geek " according to our correspondence , who claimed to have promoted social media usage to the OHHDL a few weeks earlier ?
If this user truly had no direct involvement with the account , would it not make sense that the OHHDL was responding to his suggestions ?
With limited information , we did n't run the story here , but we did , regrettably , Tweet about it .
Twitter Account Suspended
Today , Twitter suspended the OHHDL account , and sent us the following message :
Just wanted to let you know that the Dalai Lama 's account was suspended because it was created by an impersonator .
We were contacted by a representative of the OHHDL in Dharamsala , India , and after investigating the account it was determined that the account was indeed a fake .
Further correspondence with Twitter simply repeated that the account had been suspended .
With no further responses from Deven
Hk at the time of writing , we 'll leave you to conclude why the account credits this self - professed " Buddhism geek " , and yet he claims no direct involvement .
It 's likely , however , that he is the key to the faker 's identity .
Should Twitter Have " Verified Accounts " ?
This " fake accounts " question is by no means new , although it is perhaps the most visible incident to date .
Which leads us to ask : with increasing numbers of celebrities joining the site , and a potential bounty of tens of thousands of new followers for anyone who impersonates a top personality , could Twitter seek to verify celebrity accounts ?
The answer is not as simple as it may seem .
The volume of resources required to perform such a task could be costly - and while Twitter could charge top brands and celebrities to initiate this approval process , such a revenue stream would not be core to Twitter 's business .
Or would it ?
With brands increasingly signing up to Twitter to market to their customers , Twitter may look to these brands to create revenue - this model is proposed in Mark Drapeau 's recent article " What is Twitter ’s Vision ? " .
Would a top brand willingly pay to have a " verified account " sticker on a Twitter account ?
It seems possible .
Twitter Considering Account Verification For Brands
In fact , the signs would suggest that Twitter is considering this option for brands at least : shortly before the publishing of this article , the LA Times blog paraphrased Twitter co-founder Biz Stone as having stated : " Twitter is interested in adding account verification in the future ( to avoid pages like Burger King posers Whopper Virgins and the BKlounge ) " .
Should celebrities and famous figures also be able to verify their accounts ?
Let us know your thoughts in the comments .
Some people watching real - life coverage of US Airways flight 1549 yesterday on CNN saw the ad during a commercial break .
They were treated to the jarring feeling of watching real - life coverage of ...
Cisco's Travel Less , Save More commercial begins with a man talking to the screen , welcoming people to flight 1120 .
Various people recite familiar flight attendant lines throughout the ad , talking about how to buckle a seat belt , how oxygen masks will drop from the ceiling and what will happen in the " unlikely " event of a water landing .
They wear floating devices .
They play with oxygen masks .
Then the ad ends with a voice - over about the " endless hours " lost to airport delays .
Let 's say you 're a big - name advertiser , and one of your TV commercials mocks airplanes , flying and water landings .
You probably would n't want to run that ad during CNN 's coverage of US Airways Flight 1549 , which crash - landed Thursday in the Hudson River , right ?
Unfortunately for tech giant Cisco Systems , it 's sometimes difficult to pull such an ad from TV networks across the country in the unlikely event of a water landing .
... the crash followed by a commercial that mocks flying and safety instructions .
" They go right from having some guy interviewed talking about the pilot saying , ' Brace yourself , ' to a commercial being sarcastic about the emergency stuff .
It creeped me out , " said Lauren de la Fuente , a marketing consultant from New York who was fixated on TV coverage of the crash .
" I thought , ' This is the most inappropriate commercial for the time . ' "
Cisco naturally was n't too pleased either .
Any time there 's a big news incident , advertising professionals work to pull ads that may offend viewers by hitting a little too close to home .
That 's why you probably wo n't be seeing any airline commercials soon .
Unfortunately for Cisco though , planes fall from the sky more quickly than the ad departments of TV networks can move .
" As soon as Cisco became aware of the news of the US Airways Flight 1549 water landing , we asked our advertising agency to pull the Cisco advertisement that references air travel , " spokesman David McCulloch said in an e-mail Friday .
" Because the campaign was in national distribution it took some time to have all the spots removed , and unfortunately a few spots aired as late as yesterday evening . "
Do n't blame Cisco , said Mike Sheldon , president of ad agency Deutsch LA .
It can be a logistical nightmare to pull spots from networks , especially if they 're not running during a live show .
Even if you put all of your employees on the task of calling the networks , sometimes that 's not enough .
" Nobody ’s clairvoyant , " he said .
" I 'm sure Cisco had no intention of offending anyone . "
-- Alana Semuels
Photo by Gustav H via Flickr
This past Saturday the Oscar Best Picture Marathon rode into town .
Like a kid on Christmas I was amped with anticipation .
I was also up before the sun at the hour of 5 AM .
Nothing , not hell nor high water nor a woman ’s scorn , was going to stop me from going .
There was popcorn to be eaten and movies to be watched .
Though I would ’ve preferred to see a couple different movies in the list , the nominees this year were a solid bunch .
I would go so far as to say that they were much better overall than last year ’s group , which included Michael Clayton and Juno .
While both were good movies in their own respects , I do n’t believe they were Oscar material .
Without further adieu , let ’s get to the movies .
We ’ll beging with a brief review of each and see where that takes us .
Milk – Gus Van Sant
Milk was , hands down , my favorite movie of the day .
A biopic with the tragedy of an opera , allusions to the struggle of the Jews in Nazi Germany , and archival footage mixed in with the film to provide a grittiness and realism that is absent from most biopics .
It also contains a harrowing assassination sequence that you will not soon forget ( not exactly a spoiler , since this film is based on true events ) .
Harvey Milk ’s one goal was to bring people together to fight against bigotry and persecution and he did just that .
However , for someone who was able to bring together different groups of people , he was certainly good at alienating people .
A list that includes his two boyfriends , one who left him and one who hanged himself , and his assassin , Dan White .
Memorable Scene : The assassination of Harvey Milk by the coward Dan White .
Rating : A
The Reader – Stephen Daldry
Sex and reading , who could ask for more ?
This movie boils down to a battle against illiteracy .
Well , maybe that and the consequences of keeping secrets .
It begins with a woman helping a boy who has become sick after he gets well he finds her and thanks her for helping him .
Then the cougar comes out and it becomes a teenage boy ’s fantasy , until one day the cougar up and leaves .
Years pass and by .
He ’s now a law school student and she turns out to be a Nazi war criminal .
Her shame in not being able to read causes her to fess up to something she did n’t do , but is willing to pay the price for in order to not reveal that she can’t read or write .
After some more time passes he comes up with the idea to do a books - on - tape thing and sends her all the stories he read to her as a teen .
This leads to her learning to read and write .
Memorable Scene : Kate Winslett swimming in the river .
Rating : B
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button – David Fincher
First things first , the whole aging backwards can be written off as a gimmick , but at the same time it provides a juxtaposition of age and youth that boils down to the fact that we begin and end life in diapers .
It also showcases our desires to be older when we ’re younger and younger when we ’re older .
It ’s in these elements that the film builds its power .
Benjamin ’s tale is a familiar one : he had issues with walking as a kid , a lifelong female friend who would later bear his seed , worked on a boat , wandered around an empty bunch of rooms after being inexplicably left by a woman , and heeded advice from his mother about not knowing where life is going to present to you .
So familiar that I could swear there was another movie that had these same things in it .
Memorable Scene : Kamikaze tugboat versus U - boat .
Rating : B +
Slumdog Millionaire – Danny Boyle
Slumdog Millionaire starts off with a question and ends with the answer to that question .
In between we get to see how the main character came to know the answers to the questions he ’s correctly answered on the game show Who Wants to be a Millionaire .
We get to know this because he ’s been suspected of cheating and must explain himself being that he ’s nothing more than a slumdog .
This slumdog has greater aspirations than money for being on this particular show and I do n’t blame him because Fried Pinto would be well worth the trouble .
Danny Boyle ’s movie is good but not as grand as I expected .
From the get go I could n’t help but draw parallels to two of his previous movies , Trainspotting and 28 Days Later , respectively .
Now these parallels are only based on two scenes which deal with the answers to the first two questions .
Question 1 finds our hero as a child who ’s about to jump into a world of shit , literally , after he ’s locked in a bathroom ( if you can even call it that ) by his brother .
Question 2 finds an angry horde attacking the slums where he grew up and they were definitely filled with rage .
Other movies / television shows that I could n’t help but draw similarities to include :
City of God ( slums )
The Darjeeling Limited ( train riding in India )
The Usual Suspects ( interrogation )
24 ( torture interrogation )
Scarface ( some gangster shit )
Memorable Scene : Kid jumping into the shit hole and running to get an autograph .
Rating : B +
Frost / Nixon – Ron Howard
Frost / Nixon is as concerned with the internal struggles of its main characters as it is with the struggle between them .
Talk show host Frost is trying to gain some journalistic credibility by landing a serious interview with ex-President Richard Nixon .
At least he opted not to open Al Capone ’s Vault .
Nixon is trying to regain some status with the American public .
Only one man can claim victory .
The bell rings and the fight is on .
In the first round Nixon comes out the obvious winner , providing rambling answers while Frost sits there dumbfounded .
Round two is a little less one sided .
Frost battles back vigilanty , but confidence in his side of the ring is low .
Tricky
Dick once again takes a decisvie victory in round three , one character comments that he overheard two guys saying that they would ’ve voted for Nixon based on his answers .
Then we come to the fourth and final round , both fighters are battle hardened , they know their futures rely on the outcome of this round and this round alone .
The topic Watergate .
The victor , Frost , though we see a tinge of sadness on his face as he and all of us realize that Nixon is in fact human and that what he did was what he thought best even if noone else did .
Memorable Scene : Frost gives Nixon a gift ; a pair of Italian shoes
Rating : A-
What would Hollywood awards season be without handing out a couple awards of my own for the the Best Picture nominees ?
Since only one of them was able to take home the Oscar , I figured that I would spread the love so that nobody went home a loser .
Award for the Best Use of Cream Pies as a Reference to Homosexuality
The winner is : Milk
Award for the Film Most Likely to Devolve into a Cheesy Exploitation Flick
The Winner is : The Reader
Award for Best Use of Repeated Lightning Strikes on a Single Character
The Winner is : The Curious Case of Benjamin Button
Award for Best Portrayal of Life in an Orphanage
The Winner is : Slumdog Millionaire
Award for Film Most Likely to Make Us Feel Sorry for the Bad Guy
The Winner is : Frost / Nixon
Without much surprise , Slumdog Millionaire took home the Oscar for Best Picture along with 7 others including Best Achievement in Directing and Best Adapted Screenplay .
The one surprise , though not a big one , was Sean Penn beating out Mickey Rourke for Best Actor in a Leading Role .
As for the movies snubbed by the Academy in their bid for Best Picture , namely WALL-E and The Dark Knight , they took home a total of three awards including Best Animated Feature ( WALL-E ) and Best Actor in a Supporting Role ( Heath Ledger in The Dark Knight ) .
Another Oscar Season has come and gone and though I did n’t eat as much popcorn as I thought I would , there ’s always next year .
The good thing is that by my estimations there are only 363 days until the next Oscar Best Picture Marathon .
I ca n’t wait .
This has been Jamie saying , “ You ca n’t fool me !
There ai n’t no Sanity Claus ! ”
Article 2
1. Each State Party shall take effective legislative , administrative , judicial or other measures to prevent acts of torture in any territory under its jurisdiction .
2 . No exceptional circumstances whatsoever , whether a state of war or a threat or war , internal political instability or any other public emergency , may be invoked as a justification of torture .
3 . An order from a superior officer or a public authority may not be invoked as a justification of torture .
. . .
Article 4
1. Each State Party shall ensure that all acts of torture are offences under its criminal law .
The same shall apply to an attempt to commit torture and to an act by any person which constitutes complicity or participation in torture .
Article 7
1 . The State Party in territory under whose jurisdiction a person alleged to have committed any offence referred to in article 4 is found , shall in the cases contemplated in article 5 , if it does not extradite him , submit the case to its competent authorities for the purpose of prosecution .
Article 15
Each State Party shall ensure that any statement which is established to have been made as a result of torture shall not be invoked as evidence in any proceedings , except against a person accused of torture as evidence that the statement was made .
The Kinglake complex fires north - east of Melbourne are now at least 80 kilometres wide and 220,000 hectares in size , after several fires merged .
The fire stretches from Broadford all the way to Taggerty .
More than 70,000 hectares have been burnt in Gippsland , and last week 's fire in the Delburn area has again raised its head .
The Red Cross has about 20 relief centres operating , with 3700 people now registered as evacuated .
Police have confirmed that people were killed in fires in the following areas : Kinglake 12 , Kinglake West 10 , St Andrews 12 , Humevale 6 , Wandong 4 , Bendigo 1 , Strathewen 1 , Callignee 4 , Upper Callignee 1 , Hazelwood 3 , Jeealang 1 , Long Gully 1 , Flowerdale 5 , Yea 1 ( died in hospital ) , Hazeldene 2 , Taggerty 3 , Marysville 2 , Whittlesea 3 , Mudgegonga 2 , Steels Creek 7 , Arthurs Creek 3 , Yarra Glen 1 .
Stories from victims recount the horror of the blazes as they ravaged towns surrounding Melbourne and other parts of Victoria .
A Kinglake real estate agent who lost his home last night said the region would regain its strength despite the devastation .
" I can't explain anything other than that it was like a sustained bombing attack , that what it was like with the noise , '' said Moray Sharp .
" Kinglake 's ceased to exist for all intents and purposes , '' he said .
" The shops in Kinglake survived , but we would have had 50 per cent housing loss . ''
Mr Sharp is gathered with a couple of hundred residents in the centre of town , and they will be transported to the Whittlesea Showgrounds at 5 pm .
He said while a few people had understandably gone to pieces , most people were trying to stay strong .
" We will come back as a community I 'm sure , '' Mr Sharp said .
Friends and family of victims of the Kinglake fire broke down sobbing outside the Whittlesea community activity centre upon learning of the fate of at least 12 residents who perished in the blaze , including six people who were killed in one car .
Marie Jones from Canberra , who was visiting a friend at Kinglake yesterday , said a badly - burnt man had arrived at the property where she was staying with his infant daughter , and told her his wife and other child had been killed .
" He was so badly burnt .
He had skin hanging off him everywhere and his little girl was burnt , but not as badly as her dad , " she said .
Authorities began the grim search for bodies this morning following Saturday 's devastating bushfires .
The CFA expects hundreds of homes have been destroyed .
Among the properties destroyed were the Marysville and Kinglake police stations .
Both Marysville and Kinglake townships have been nearly wiped out by the fires , with Marysville residents evacuated in a convoy this morning from the area .
CFA spokesman Paul Swan said firefighters still battling nearby blazes .
The Marysville fire is part of the Murrindindi blaze , which has now merged with the Kilmore fires .
About 100,000 hectares is now burning in that area .
Police said they did not know if the age of those killed in the fires but expect some children are among the dead .
Police suspect some fires were deliberately lit yesterday despite warnings that it was the worst day in Victoria 's history for fire conditions .
A police spokeswoman said investigators would not be able to establish how many of the fires were arson- related until they could survey the scenes and establish the origin of the blazes .
Ten people remain in a critical condition in hospital after being burnt in the state 's bushfires .
A spokesman from The Alfred hospital said 10 patients were in a critical condition in the hospital 's Intensive Care Unit .
A further 10 were in a stable condition .
The hospital had received two new patients from the Austin Hospital on Sunday , the spokesman said .
He said no one at The Alfred had died from the fire .
An emotional John Brumby has warned Victorians not to underestimate the danger of fires continuing to burn throughout Victoria , saying that despite cooler temperatures it will be days before the crisis is over .
The Premier twice had to choke back tears as he described the impact of yesterday 's " devastating " fires that have so far claimed at least 25 lives .
" We pray there 's no more loss of life over the next few days , " Mr Brumby said at a press conference at the CFA station in Kilmore , north of Melbourne .
The Country Fire Authority said the Kilmore fire had moved towards the Glenburn area , in particular Glenburn and settlements to the north and north east along the Melba Highway and Yea River Valley towards Murrindindi .
The Country Fire Authority said the Kilmore fire had moved towards the Glenburn area , in particular Glenburn and settlements to the north and north east along the Melba Highway and Yea River Valley towards Murrindindi .
" The Kilmore fire is now impacting on the Glenburn area , in particular Glenburn and settlements to the North and North East along the Melba Highway and Yea River Valley towards Murrindindi , '' the CFA said .
" There is now active fire around the Glenburn area and residents can expect thick smoke and ember attack .
All residents in these areas are advised to activate their fire plans immediately and to remain on high alert . ''
" Residents can not rely on fire - fighting resources being able to get to their property .
It is very dangerous to leave late with a
Meanwhile , the threat from a bushfire burning in the Beechworth area in northeastern Victoria has eased , but authorities are urging residents in the region to remain alert .
Meanwhile , the threat from a bushfire burning in the Beechworth area in northeastern Victoria has eased , but authorities are urging residents in the region to remain alert .
The fire is burning in a south easterly direction and is estimated to be more than 20,000 hectares in size .
" The communities of Bruarong , Glen Creek , Dederang , Running Creek , Myrtleford , Ovens , Barwidgee Creek are no longer under direct threat from this fire , but still need to remain alert due to a high level of fire activity still in the area , '' the CFA said .
" These communities may come under new attack tomorrow as weather conditions worsen . ''
Stanley , Mudgeegonga , Rosewhite , Kancoona and Kancoona South remain under threat with CFA strike - teams continuing to work on asset protection .
A recent wind change had begun pushing a fire at Bunyip Ridge , north of Drouin , in a north - easterly direction towards the towns of Labertouche , Tarago , Jindivick West , Jindivick North , Neerim South , Neerim East , Neerim North , Whites Corner , Noogee , Tonimbuk and Robin Hood .
Loading Firefighers have managed to control a fire in Coleraine that burnt nearly 1000 hectares .
with AAP
Consumers who rely on secondhand shops for low - cost children 's items might face bare shelves next month -- or risk buying toys , clothing and other items that fall short of new federal safety standards .
The new rules , which impose stricter limits on lead allowed in children 's products , also make it illegal to sell recalled products .
But it is difficult for thrift shops to verify whether the items they sell comply with safety regulations , says the National Association of Resale & Thrift Shops , which represents 1,000 stores in the multibillion - dollar secondhand retail industry .
Stores can be fined up to $ 100,000 per violation .
And many shops are in danger of going out of business or suffering significant losses when the standards go into effect on Feb. 10 , says the group .
Unlike mainstream retailers and manufacturers such as Wal - Mart Stores Inc. and Mattel Inc. , resale shops do n't have the financial resources to test their inventory to ensure it complies with the new standards .
Even if they could afford it , they tend to sell one - of - a - kind products and do n't have samples that can be destroyed , as is often necessary to get accurate test results for lead .
The change comes as many stores in the resale industry have seen increased business from consumers seeking to stretch their dollars on everything from toys to children 's clothing in the strained economy .
Some 16 % to 18 % of Americans now shop at a thrift store at least once during a given year , an increase of two percentage points from two years ago , according to America 's Research Group , a consumer research firm based in Charleston , S.C .
Stores say the quick implementation of the new limits on lead will leave cash - strapped consumers with limited options at a time when they need choices the most .
UNITED NATIONS ( Reuters ) - Israel must investigate allegations that its army violated international law during its three - week war against Hamas militants in the Gaza Strip , the new U.S. envoy to the United Nations said on Thursday .
“ We expect Israel will meet its international obligations to investigate and we also call upon all members of the international community to refrain from politicizing these important issues , ” Ambassador Susan Rice said in her debut speech before the U.N. Security Council .
Rice said that Hamas had been guilty of violating international law “ through its rocket attacks against Israeli civilians in southern Israel and the use of civilian facilities to provide protection for its terrorist attacks . ”
“ There have also been numerous allegations made against Israel some of which are deliberately designed to inflame , ” she told the council during a meeting on international humanitarian law .
Some 1,300 Palestinians , including at least 700 civilians , were killed during Israel ’s Gaza offensive , according to the Hamas - run Health Ministry in the territory .
Israel put its losses at 10 soldiers and three civilians .
During the campaign , Israel fired on several U.N. installations in Gaza , including schools , where hundreds of Palestinians had been seeking shelter from the fighting .
Israel rejects allegations that its army was guilty of war crimes .
U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon has said there would also be a U.N. investigation of the deadly attacks on United Nations sites in the Gaza Strip .
Rice made it clear that the administration of U.S. President Barack Obama had a very different view of the role of the United Nations from George W. Bush ’s government , whose officials were often suspicious of the world body and
occasionally spoke of it with disdain .
She said Obama ’s long - term goals included enhancing global peace and security , fighting terrorism and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , dealing with climate change , alleviating poverty and improving respect for human rights worldwide .
“ The United Nations is indispensable for advancing these goals and making our world a better , safer place , ” she said .
She also hinted that Obama had a different attitude toward The Hague - based International Criminal Court , the world ’s first permanent war crimes tribunal .
President Bill Clinton ’s administration had signed the ICC treaty , which was never ratified by Congress .
Bush later rejected the idea of ever joining the court .
“ The International Criminal Court , which has started its first trial this week , looks to become an important and credible instrument for trying to hold accountable the senior leadership responsible for atrocities committed in the Congo , Uganda and Darfur , ” Rice said .
The Secret of El Dorado - programme summary
In 1542 , the Spanish Conquistador , Francisco de Orellana ventured along the Rio Negro , one of the Amazon Basin 's great rivers .
Hunting a hidden city of gold , his expedition found a network of farms , villages and even huge walled cities .
At least that is what he told an eager audience on his return to Spain .
" No one ever saw again what Orellana described "
The prospect of gold drew others to explore the region , but none could find the people of whom the first Conquistadors had spoken .
The missionaries who followed a century later reported finding just isolated tribes of hunter - gatherers .
Orellana 's story seemed to be no more than a fanciful myth .
A proven liar ?
When scientists came to weigh up the credibility of Orellana 's words , they reached the same conclusion .
As productive as the rainforest may appear , the soil it stands in is unsuited to farming .
It is established belief that all early civilisations have agriculture at their hearts .
Any major population centre will have connections with a system of intensive agriculture .
If a soil cannot support crops sufficient to feed a large number of people , then that serves as an effective cap on the population in that area .
Even modern chemicals and techniques have failed to generate significant food from Amazonian soil in a sustainable way .
The thought that indigenous people could have survived in any number - let alone prospered - was dismissed by most scientists .
Scientific consensus was sure that the original Amazonians lived in small semi-nomadic bands and that Orellana must have lied .
" Every effort to develop sustainable permanent [ Amazon ] agriculture failed "
Clues from the Bolivian savannah
Bolivia 's Llanos de Mojos ( Mojos Plains ) are 2,000 km from Orellana 's route down the main channel of the Amazon .
The terrain is savannah grassland with extreme seasons - floods in the wet ; fires in the dry .
Crops are hard to grow and few people live there .
But back in the 1960s archaeologist Bill Denevan noted that the landscape was crossed with unnaturally straight lines .
Large areas were also covered with striped patterns .
Recently , Denevan 's work has been followed up by Clark Erickson , a landscape archaeologist .
His attention was drawn to the numerous forest islands dotted across the savannah like oases .
Down on the ground he found them littered with prehistoric pot sherds , a clear sign of early human habitation .
Some mounds were as much as 18 m high and much of the pottery was on a grand scale as well .
Such huge vessels were too big for wandering nomads .
Here were permanent settlements , where hundreds or even thousands of people had once gathered for huge ceremonies .
To Erickson , these were signs of an advanced society - a civilisation .
" They have words for domestic plants from 2,000 years ago "
Erickson and a colleague , William Balée , needed evidence for organised farming and found help working with the region 's Amerindians .
Some of the mounds are still inhabited by indigenous people .
The language of the Sirionó offers clues to their past .
Words for staple crops like maize , as well as cotton and dye plants , hint at what may have been farmed hundreds , even thousands , of years ago .
Erickson 's interpretation of the lie of the land is that the mounds were built to offer protection from floodwaters , with the most sacred buildings always at the centre of the mound on the highest level .
There is historical evidence for this - a Spanish expedition of 1617 remarked on the extent and high quality of a network of raised causeways connecting villages together .
Those causeways can still be seen as straight lines cutting across the savannah .
Alongside them run canals , a result of their construction .
" Their work is on a par with anything the Egyptians did "
Denevan and Erickson have shown that the striped patterns are relics of a system of raised fields .
From the air , the area which appears to have been turned over to such agriculture is clear .
It covers thousands of square kilometres .
In conjunction with the controlled irrigation a canal network might offer , it could have sustained hundreds of thousands of people .
Erickson believes the Mojos Plains were home to a society which had totally mastered its environment .
If land now little suited to agriculture could once have supported hordes of people , is there a chance Orellana 's mythical El Dorado has some basis in fact ?
When anthropologist Michael Heckenberger met the Kuikuru tribe in the central Amazon he was impressed by the complexity of their social structure .
Why , he wondered , would a tribe of just 300 people adopt such a hierarchical way of life ?
( Received opinion held that Amazonian tribes were small , egalitarian societies . )
He found evidence that the Kuikuru had once lived in an integrated network of villages , each one many times the size of their modern - day settlements .
Heckenberger believes the prehistoric Kuikuru were not the semi-nomadic wanderers of anthropological theory .
Instead , they lived in large chiefdoms - the advanced society described by Orellana .
" As much as 10 % of Amazonia is covered in terra preta "
The secret of the soil
The search for clues in the Amazon takes place at grass roots level - in the soil itself .
Along Brazil 's Tapajos River , archaeologist Bill Woods has mapped numerous prehistoric sites , some with exquisite , 2,000 year old pottery .
There is a common thread : the earth where people have lived is much darker than the rainforest soil nearby .
Closer investigation showed that the two soils are the same , the dark loam is just a result of adding biological matter .
The Brazilians call this fertile ground terra preta .
It is renowned for its productivity and even sold by local people .
Archaeologists have surveyed the distribution of terra preta and found it correlates favourably with the places Orellana reported back in the 16th century .
The land area is immense - twice the size of the UK .
It seems the prehistoric Amazonian peoples transformed the earth beneath their feet .
The terra preta could have sustained permanent intensive agriculture , which in turn would have fostered the development of advanced societies .
Archaeologists like Bill Petersen , from the University of Vermont , now regard Orellana 's account as highly plausible .
But if the first Conquistadors told the truth , what became of the people they described ?
" The Indians may have used a ' slash and char ' technique "
Tragically , the visitors brought diseases to which the Amerindians had little resistance : smallpox , influenza , measles .
Orellana and his men were the first and last Europeans to set eyes on an Amazonian civilisation .
They themselves may have been the ones to trigger its rapid decline .
Yet the Amazonians ' greatest achievement lives on .
Soil scientists analysing the terra preta have found its characteristics astonishing , especially its ability to maintain nutrient levels over hundreds of years .
20th century techniques of farming on cleared , torched rainforest - so - called slash and burn agriculture - have never been sustainable .
With the vegetation burned off , the high rainfall soon leaches all the nutrients out of the soil .
Research has shown that even chemical fertilisers cannot maintain crop yields into a third consecutive growing season , yet terra preta remains fertile year after year .
" The material is alive .
The biology is the important thing "
Nature and nurture
Again , Orellana 's accounts offer potential insight .
He reported that the indigenous people used fire to clear their fields .
Bruno Glaser , from the University of Bayreuth , has found that terra preta is rich in charcoal , incompletely burnt wood .
He believes it acts to hold the nutrients in the soil and sustain its fertility from year to year .
This is the great secret of the early Amazonians : how to nurture the soil towards lasting productivity .
In experimental plots , adding a combination of charcoal and fertiliser into the rainforest soil boosted yields by 880 % compared with fertiliser alone .
Yet terra preta may have a still more remarkable ability .
Almost as if alive , it appears to reproduce .
Bill Woods has met local farmers who mine the soil commercially .
They find that , as long as 20 cm of terra preta is left undisturbed , the bed will regenerate over a period of about 20 years .
He suspects that a combination of bacteria and fungi is causing this effect .
Today , scientists are busy searching for the biological cocktail that makes barren earth productive .
If they can succeed in recreating the Amerindians ' terra preta , then a legacy more precious than the gold the Conquistadors sought could spare the rainforest from destruction and help feed people across the developing world .
Bush Sr. would like to see 2nd son president David Edwards and Andrew McLemore
Published : Sunday January 4 , 2009
Print This Email This
There have already been two Bushes in the White House , why not a third ?
Former president George H.W. Bush told Fox 's Chris Wallace that he has high hopes for the political future of his son Jeb Bush , the former governor of Florida .
Asked by Wallace if Jeb Bush would run for the Senate , as his brother as often suggested , Bush supported the idea , and even went a step further .
" I 'd like to see him run .
I 'd like to see him be president some day , " Bush the elder said .
The 41st president admitted , however , that there have probably been too many Bushes in the White House lately .
" Right now is probably a bad time because maybe weve had enough Bushes in there , " Bush said .
" Of course , you ve got to discount that because hes my son . "
Many conservatives have " spines and legs a - tingling " at the thought of Jeb Bush running for a Florida Senate seat , a columnist wrote , but the chances of him winning are slim .
The column says anyone excited about Jeb a seat in the Senate need a " reality check . "
" The would - be motto of a Jeb campaign is essentially : ' Yeah , we know no one wants another Bush in the White House . . . but Jeb was n't too bad , was he ?
And , c'mon , we 're only talking the Senate . ' "
Regardless ,
Bush the elder is crazy for the idea of another Bush in the political spotlight .
" I think if Jeb wants to run for the Senate from Florida he ought to do it .
He 's a guy who really has a feel for people , the issues in Florida and nationally , and his political days ought not to be over , says his old father .
" If he decides they should be over , that 's fine , too .
He needs to make a living , support his wife and family but he 's a good man , Chris . "
This video is from Fox 's Fox News Sunday , broadcast Jan. 4 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
An influential conservative political action committee is pledging to support primary challenges to any Republican senator who backs the economic stimulus package -- the latest public show of dissatisfaction from the right over the massive measure before Congress .
GOP Sens .
Arlen Specter and Susan Collins are two of the three Republicans who voted for the stimulus bill .
Three GOP senators voted for the $ 838 billion compromise version of the package that the Senate approved Tuesday , but all three have said they might not vote for the final version .
" The American people do n't want this trillion - dollar political payoff that will just line the pockets of non-governmental organizations who supported [ President Barack ]
Obama in the election , " said Scott Wheeler , the executive director of The National Republican Trust PAC , an organization that calls for less government spending and lower taxes .
" Republican senators are on notice , " he said .
" If they support the stimulus package , we will make sure every voter in their state knows how they tried to further bankrupt voters in an already bad economy . "
Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins of Maine and Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania were the three GOP senators who voted for the bill Tuesday .
All three were involved in forging the Senate compromise , in which some spending proposals were cut from the plan , and have said they may not vote for the final version -- which will be hammered out by a Senate - House conference committee -- if more spending projects are added to it .
The PAC 's pledge appears most threatening to Specter , the only one of the three who faces re-election in 2010 .
A longtime moderate , Specter has faced tough primary challengers in the past , including Club for Growth President Pat Toomey in 2004 .
" [ Sen. Specter ] crossed the line one too many times , " Wheeler told CNN .
" We 're now going to get involved in finding a conservative alternative . "
Toomey has said he is not interested in running again , and another credible challenger has yet to emerge in the race .
Still , Specter 's decision to vote for the stimulus bill has irked many Republicans in his home state and may have virtually guaranteed a primary fight .
Speaking to CNN Tuesday , Specter said his vote has resulted in a flood of negative phone calls to his office and predicted it would lead to a tough primary battle .
" I have no doubts about the political disadvantage , " he said .
" [ I 'm ] losing a lot of political skin about this and I 've got a primary battle coming up in about a year .
...
It means I 'll have to raise a lot more money . "
But Specter added the country 's continued economic turmoil made the cost of not passing a massive stimulus bill too heavy to bear .
" When you have an economy in terrible shape , and we have economists saying we may have a catastrophe and we may have another 1929 full scale depression unless we act , then I think that has to be the course , " he said .
Collins and Snowe did not return CNN 's calls seeking comment .
Collins solidly won re-election last November and Snowe 's seat is not up until 2012 .
The PAC 's pledge came the same day another conservative group launched a series of robo-calls in Pennsylvania and Maine , urging constituents to call their Republican senators and demand they stop supporting Obama 's stimulus package .
iReport.com : Share your thoughts on the stimulus package
Delaware - based Let Freedom Ring on Tuesday began making 100,000 robo-calls in Pennsylvania and 50,000 in Maine , according to Colin Hanna , the group 's president .
" Would you be willing to contact your senator , Arlen Specter , today and tell him to vote no on the Obama tax and spend plan ? " the Pennsylvania call asks , before providing a phone number for Specter 's Washington office .
Nationally , a CNN / Opinion Research Corp. poll released Monday showed a slight majority of Americans , 54 percent , favored the stimulus bill while 45 percent were opposed .
However , only 32 percent of Republicans said they favored the bill .
The survey was conducted Saturday and Sunday , with 806 adult Americans questioned by telephone .
The survey 's sampling error was plus or minus 3.5 percentage points for the overall sample and plus or minus 6.5 percentage points for the breakdown by party preference .
CNN 's Peter Hamby , Dana Bash and Evan Glass contributed to this report
All About National Economy • U.S. House of Representatives • U.S. Senate
PESHAWAR , Pakistan ( Reuters ) - Pakistan agreed to introduce Islamic law in Swat valley and neighboring areas of the northwest on Monday in a bid to take the steam out of a Taliban uprising raging since late 2007 .
The move is likely to draw criticism from the United States and other Western powers fearful that Pakistan is playing into the hands of religious conservatives who sympathize with the Taliban and al Qaeda .
The agreement was reached at talks between Islamists and officials of the North West Frontier Province ( NWFP ) government in Peshawar on Monday .
Taliban militants in Swat , once a tourist paradise , called a 10 - day ceasefire the night before the talks , and on Saturday released a Chinese engineer kidnapped five months earlier as a gesture of goodwill .
Announcing the decision to bring back Islamic law , a spokesman for NWFP said President Asif Ali Zardari had already agreed in principle to this concession to religious conservatives of the region .
“ After successful negotiations ... all un-Islamic laws related to the judicial system , those against the Koran and Sunnah , would be subject to cancellation and considered null and void , ” said NWFP ’s Information Minister Mian Iftikhar Hussain , referring to the holy book of Islam and the saying and teachings of the Prophet Mohammad .
An uprising erupted in late 2007 in Swat , an alpine beauty spot favored by honeymooners and trekkers alike , and militants now control the valley just 130 km ( 80 miles ) northwest of the capital Islamabad .
They have destroyed more than 200 girls schools in a campaign against female education , and tens of thousands of people have fled their homes to escape the violence .
Religious conservatives in Swat have long fought for sharia to replace Pakistan ’s secular laws , which came into force after the former princely state was absorbed into the Pakistani federation in 1969 .
FRAMEWORK IN PLACE
Hussain said the framework for the Islamic laws was in place and from hereon cases would be heard and decided in accordance with Islamic injunctions in Malakand division , which includes Swat , and Kohistan and Hazara districts of NWFP .
But NWFP ’s Chief Minister Amir Haider Khan Hoti said there would be no new courts set up , and the presiding judge would not have to be an Islamic scholar as in times gone by .
Hoti told a news conference that the decision had been taken in consultation with the political and religious leadership of the province , and denied that the government had caved in to militants .
“ This is not under any pressure .
There was a movement , militant movement in Swat but not in the entire Malakand Division , ” Hoti said .
The government hopes that it will be able to drive a wedge between conservative hardliners and those militants who have fallen under the thrall of al Qaeda and the Taliban .
The agreement was reached with Maulana Sufi Mohammad , a radical cleric who led a revolt in Swat in the 1990s to restore sharia , or strict Islamic law .
Mohammad was arrested after leading thousands of followers to fight alongside the Taliban against U.S. - backed forces in late 2001 .
Pakistani authorities released him last year in a bid to defuse another uprising , this time led by his son - in - law , Maulana Fazlullah .
Some analysts doubt whether Mohammad , who has given up militancy , has much influence over Fazlullah , who has forged ties with other Pakistani Taliban factions and al Qaeda .
In order to read or download Even The Tiny Flies Like To Make It Out Scene Caught On Camera ebook , you need to create a FREE account .
eBook includes PDF , ePub and Kindle version
The difficulty of generating hydrogen gas cheaply is holding back the dream of an oil - free economy ( Image : Philippe Hays / Rex Features )
Light - powered , bacterial enzyme - containing nanoparticles that release hydrogen from water could lead the way to new strategies for generating the energy - rich gas .
The lack of low - cost ways to create hydrogen gas is one of the main barriers to the dream of economies fuelled by hydrogen not oil .
A class of enzymes called hydrogenases are used by organisms to convert hydrogen ions to hydrogen gas during anaerobic – without oxygen – respiration .
These enzymes have long interested chemists searching for alternatives to existing , expensive , platinum - catalysed hydrogen generation .
Advertisement
The metal - containing enzymes are all crippled in varying degrees by the presence of oxygen and are also damaged by the very hydrogen they produce .
That makes them difficult and expensive to use on industrial scales , says chemist Erwin Reisner , at Oxford University in the UK .
Bacterial gift
Now Reisner and colleague Fraser Armstrong have discovered that one bacterial hydrogenase is much more resistant to both gases .
The nickel , iron and selenium - rich enzyme , first isolated by Juan Fontecilla - Camps at the University of Joseph Fourier in Grenoble , France , is produced by a sulphate - reducing bacterium .
Its efficiency is relatively unaffected by the presence of hydrogen gas , and it continues to work even if the surrounding air contains 1 % oxygen by volume – ordinarily even a few parts per million of oxygen would block hydrogenase activity .
The new enzyme also binds strongly to titanium dioxide nanoparticles , making it easy to produce a kind of light - powered , hydrogen - generating dust .
‘ Promising trial ’
The dust particles are each attached both to the enzyme and to light - absorbing dye molecules that are used in some solar cells .
In the presence of an electron - donating buffer solution , the dye absorbs light and releases excited electrons , which then pass to the enzyme .
Suitably energised , the hydrogenase then converts hydrogen ions from water molecules into hydrogen gas – just as they would during the bacteria ’s respiration .
After a small sample of the nanoparticles spent 8 hours in a buffer solution under a tungsten - halogen lamp , the headspace gas above the solution was 4.6 % hydrogen by volume – a result Armstrong calls “ promising for a first trial ” .
In a control experiment without the enzyme only trace quantities of hydrogen were present .
The reaction falls short of “ true water splitting ” , says Armstrong .
This would require another catalyst to release oxygen gas from the water molecules and provide the electrons to fuel the dye , making the buffer solution redundant .
Developing that complete system is Reisner and Armstrong ’s next goal , they say .
Catalyst inspiration
The turnover rates for hydrogen gas cycling are comparable with platinum catalysts under certain conditions , so studying the new hydrogenase might inform the “ design ” of simpler catalysts that are as effective as platinum , but considerably cheaper .
Marc Fontecave at the Atomic Energy Commission in Grenoble , France , is working on such catalytic molecules .
“ What we need is catalysts working under aerobic conditions and not just 1 % oxygen , ” he says .
“ Obviously , I ’m more confident at the present stage in this type of catalyst than in hydrogenases . ”
Chris Pickett at the University of East Anglia in the UK agrees , but is still impressed with what has been achieved with the natural hydrogenase .
“ It is the enzyme systems which are showing what can be done and which are currently making the pace , ” he says .
Journal reference : Chemical Communications ( DOI : 10.1039/b817371k )
Heartening news for purveyors of green .
Sustainable Brands Weekly reports :
Eighty percent of corporate sustainability executives in the Fortune 500 plan to maintain or increase their budgets in 2009 – despite today ’s down market , according to a new survey .
As we discussed in this piece on How To Cut Your Costs And Make Your Package Greener , cost saving efforts often have the unintended or sometimes intended impact of making your product and processes more eco friendly .
As more and more companies discover this salient fact , the scales will tip from just incidental greening of product to full scale efforts to promote sustainability WHILE cutting costs .
We may have reached a tipping point .
Spending on clean technologies – as a percentage of corporate revenues – is expected to increase 73 % through 2010 .
Spending on sustainable waste management initiatives is expected to grow 20 % in 2009 .
Eighty - two percent of respondents rated energy efficiency as their most important area of focus and investment .
Cost savings , revenue generation , and brand strength are the top drivers of corporate sustainability initiatives .
Continuous efforts promoted by both large businesses and the incoming Obama Administration can only trickle down to businesses and consumer .
I like that type of trickle down economics !
How to get started ?
Try these tips from Greenbiz.com .
The Six Keys to Driving Change in a Conservative Corporate Culture 1 .
Top - level support .
2. Management - level and administrative support .
3. Minimal risk .
4 . A clear path .
5. Bottom - line value .
6. Political awareness .
Sam Lutfi : Restraining Orders , Lawsuits and Losing His Home
self proclaimed former " manager " of , hasfiled a lawsuit against the singer and her parents Jamie and .
The reason ?
He claims defamation , breach of verbal contract and battery .
This comes a few days after Jamie Spears slapped a restraining order on Lutfi for continuing to contact Britney via cell phone .
It looks like Lutfi has some problems of his own .
A lien was placed on his home last April stating that he was behind in his payments and by November the amount was $ 18,507 .
Sam has until February 10 to pay up on his condo or it will be foreclosed .
Add to that the fact that Discover card has also filed a claim against Lutfi to recoup $ 7966 in unpaid charges .
The legal team for the Spears family should have no trouble squashing Lutfi 's claims .
Most people are of the enlightened opinion that Lutfi is a snake and directly aided in the downfall of Britney .
Jamie Spears has demonstrated to the court that his conservatorship of Britney 's personal and business dealings was the right move .
His daughter 's condition has stabilized , she has regained shared custody of her sons and her career is on track once again .
Believe it or not , the photo below has n’t been Photoshopped :
The guy who took the photo says :
The cheap CMOS sensor of an iPhone does not expose the whole thing at once , it scans from left to right .
If you take a picture of something that moves very fast ( like an airplane prop ) you can get some crazy pictures out of it since each column represents a slightly different time .
This oddball - but - cool effect is reminiscent of some of the distortions you see with scanner photography ( for some examples , see this page ) .
Flash back to 1936 , the year of the Berlin Olympics .
Two young German mountaineers , alongside two of their Austrian peers , are attempting to scale the north face of the Eiger , the notorious Swiss peak .
It is a lethal climb that no one has managed successfully before .
For the journalists and spectators watching them inch up the mountain face , this is an enthralling spectacle : an example of two humble lads trying to bend nature to their will .
For the Nazi officials following their agonising progress , however , the attempt represents nothing less than the demonstration of the superiority of the Aryan race ...
This is the true story that a new film , North Face , has chosen to revisit .
The account of Toni Kurz and Andi Hinterstoisser 's audacious attempt on the most famous face in climbing , under the gaze of the Nazi party , is charged enough ( ultimately , it was to end in tragedy – as so many attempts to climb the Eiger 's north face did ) .
Yet North Face is a German production and despite the success of mountain films – such as 2003's British triumph Touching the Void – it has been a long time since German cinema has returned to that most loaded of genres in its history .
This was a genre irrevocably tainted by its association with the Nazi regime .
During the 1930s , as the Nazis prepared for war , the propaganda value in movies about rugged young Aryans conquering tricky Alpine peaks was self - evident .
Indeed , the mountain movies ' biggest star had been a certain Leni Riefenstahl .
In the days before she directed Triumph of the Will and Olympia for Hitler , Riefenstahl had been obsessed by the mountaineering movies of Arnold Fanck , the great pioneer of this new cinematic form .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Fanck 's Mountain of Destiny ( 1924 ) had bowled her over with its imagery of lone mountaineers stepping across chasms , its beautifully composed skyscapes and its slow - motion sequences of billowing clouds , pitting the heroic individual against the elements .
" I did n't know much about film but realised I was looking at a very special art - form on the screen for the first time , " Riefenstahl later told the makers of the documentary , The Wonderful , Horrible Life of Leni Riefenstahl ( 1993 ) .
She had liked Fanck 's movie so much that she had accosted its main actor , Luis Trenker , and told him that she was going to appear opposite him in Fanck 's next film .
Her behaviour may have been eccentric but she was very beautiful and very insistent , and Fanck quickly agreed to her proposition , fashioning a part for her in his next feature , The Sacred Mountain ( 1926 ) .
In no time at all , Riefenstahl was in the Alps , being buried alive in an avalanche or scrambling up glaciers in sub-zero conditions for the sake of her art .
Soon , she was directing as well as starring in her own Wagnerian - style mountain movie , The Blue Light ( 1932 ) .
German audiences loved Riefenstahl 's movies .
So did Hitler 's propaganda chief , Josef Goebbels .
When Hitler became Chancellor in 1933 , Riefenstahl was soon recruited to direct films for him .
Thus began the mountain movie 's slow slip from grace .
Philipp Stoelzl 's brave new film North Face is an attempt to drag the German mountain movie from this dark crevasse .
One might have expected the young , Munich - born filmmaker – a keen mountaineer himself – to clamber as far away from the Third Reich as possible .
Instead , the movie is set right in the middle of the Nazi era .
Loosely based on the true stories of Kurz and Hinterstoisser , the film chronicles their ill - fated 1936 attempt to climb the Eiger via the north face .
As is well known in mountaineering lore , after a ferocious battle for survival , Kurz ended up dangling from the mountain , just a few feet from his potential rescuers ( the classic account of the ill - fated expedition is in Heinrich Harrer 's history of the Eiger , The White Spider ) .
It was the year of the Berlin Olympics and Hitler had promised medals to the climbers if they were successful .
In the film , when it becomes apparent that the climb is going to end in tragedy , the Nazi flag - wavers and journalists who have been watching the men struggle on the mountain turn their backs and leave .
" The genre vanished at the end of the Second World War for good reasons .
It had really become part of the Nazi propaganda machine , " says Stoelzl , reflecting on why the mountaineering movie fell out of fashion .
However , he argues , the genre in itself was n't sinister .
" It 's a question of whether the images were first and the Nazis second or whether it was the other way round .
Dr Arnold Fanck , who made a lot of the movies in the 1920s , was not a Nazi .
His stories were n't really very heroic .
Most of the time , there 's a love- triangle story or a story about friendship .
Nevertheless , when we started working ' on North Face , we felt that the pathetic , very stylised language of the [ Fanck ] mountain movies was wrong for an audience today .
When you look at the old movies , it 's too stiff – too much opera , in a way . "
North Face is likely to leave audiences feeling chilled and battered .
Before beginning production , Stoelzl had visited Kevin Macdonald , director of Touching the Void , to consult him about the secret of showing mountaineering in a dramatic and realistic way on screen .
During shooting , the director , his actors and technicians were really out there , high in the mountains .
Stoelzl says he tried to give his movie the look of " war photography " .
Audiences are meant to feel as if they are with the 1930s climbers in the snowstorms , seeing the mountain through their eyes .
Equipment back then – whether clothing or ropes – was far more rudimentary than it is now and the climbing was consequently far more dangerous .
Climbers such as Kurz and Hinterstoisser were from relatively humble backgrounds .
As the film shows , they turned up to climb the mountain on their bicycles .
" They were young men looking for some sort of challenge that would give their life a higher sense , " suggests Stoelzl .
" They just took their little rope , their wool sweaters , got on their bicycles and rode to Switzerland to find something that was important for themselves .
That was something that moved me .
It was a search that everyone has ; to give their life some higher sense . "
Arguably , North Face is n't quite as different from the old Fanck movies as its director claims : this , too , is a love story of sorts .
German publicists have been touting the film as a Teutonic Titanic .
Audiences know at the outset that the heroes are going to die but the trick of the storytelling is to make them forget this knowledge and to will them to survive .
A film about a man trying to climb a mountain is essentially very simple .
As Stoelzl puts it , " Basically , the plot is you start on the ground and you aim to get to the top . "
Therefore , while staying close to the acknowledged facts about Kurz , the film - makers also graft a ( slightly improbable ) love story on to the material .
It 's this that takes North Face into the realm of the mountain melodramas in which Riefenstahl was often to be found embracing her lover during avalanches .
Kurz 's story has long held an existential fascination for other mountaineers .
Climber Joe Simpson , the author of Touching the Void , has written of his obsession with Kurz and the parallels between the German 's predicament on the Eiger and his own gruelling experiences when he broke his leg on a mountain in Peru .
" I know what it feels like to die alone , and although my story had a happy ending , I feel that Kurz 's outcome should have been mine ...
Kurz displayed phenomenal endurance , strength and mental stamina in his struggle to live .
That was all it had become – a lone figure fighting for his life , able to draw on nothing but his willpower , " Simpson observed .
Kurz was only 23 when he died .
In the movie , the Nazi journalist ( played by Ulrich Tukur , of The Lives of Others fame ) appears disgusted by his failure .
However , there is a sense that even in death , the young climber might have been a useful propaganda tool for the Third Reich : he was somebody prepared to risk his life in pursuit of an abstract idea of glory .
As Stoelzl says , " For a country gearing up for a war , that is the perfect preparation . "
Aspects of Kurz 's story remain shrouded in mystery .
He kept a diary which Stoelzl says his cousin would not allow him to read .
Why not ?
" Some people say that maybe Toni Kurz was more a fan of the Third Reich than you would love to hear , but that is pure speculation .
She has the book and she would n't show us , " he says .
It remains to be seen whether North Face will revive the mountaineering movie .
But the film has provoked huge interest in Germany , where Kurz 's story is familiar , and international audiences , too , are likely to be curious about a film that not only offers vertiginous thrills but also probes away at an episode in German social and cinema history that remains contentious and uncomfortable .
Somehow , German film - makers can't train a camera on a snowy peak without waking ghosts of the Nazi past .
' North Face ' ( 12A ) is released on 12 December
Call my bluff :
The peaks and troughs of the mountain movie
' Blue Light ' ( 1932 )
Leni Riefenstahl , who also directs , plays a witch who is blamed for compelling the young men of a village to climb the local mountain and fall to their deaths
' The Conquest Of Everest ' ( 1953 )
A very well - crafted documentary chronicling Edmund Hillary 's ascent of Everest , focusing on the entire expedition team , including sherpas
' The Eiger Sanction ' ( 1975 )
Action thriller starring Clint Eastwood as an art professor blackmailed into trailing a man up a the famous peak to assassinate him
' Cliffhanger ' ( 1993 )
A Sylvester Stallone action thriller that is big on stunts and special effects , but which real mountaineers scoff at for its sub -Bond storyline
' Vertical Limit ' ( 2000 )
A climber tries to rescue his sister from K2 .
" Not really a mountain movie .
It 's an action movie , all about bombs and helicopters , " says Stoelzl
' Touching the Void ' ( 2003 )
An unflinching documentary based on Joe Simpson 's book about the despair of being alone on a mountain with seemingly no prospect of surviving
( Source : LA TIMES garrett.therolf@latimes.com )
Bruce W. McClendon , the chief land use planner for Los Angeles County , was fired Friday by the county ’s chief executive .
McClendon thinks it was in retaliation for blowing the whistle on county supervisors ’ aides .
McClendon said he was called to a meeting with William T Fujioka and told he was terminated from his $ 191,028 - a- year job as head of the Department of Regional Planning .
Security officers later escorted him out of the building .
According to the LA TIMES , when McClendon was reached by telephone , he said
… he believed he had been fired in retaliation for blowing the whistle on county supervisors ’ aides .
He said he had given Fujioka information that showed that aides to the county supervisors routinely sought to improperly influence decisions on whether to permit development plans .
“ It was illegal , and they can go to jail for doing it , ” said McClendon , 62 .
He said his meetings with Fujioka in recent weeks made it clear that he was likely to be fired .
He said he recently began consulting with attorneys in preparation for filing a whistle - blower retaliation lawsuit .
Fujioka denied that McClendon had given him such information .
Aides to Supervisors Michael Antonovich , Don Knabe , Gloria Molina , Mark Ridley - Thomas and Zev Yaroslavsky declined to comment on the allegations .
McClendon said that he had to protect his staff from day - to - day interference from supervisors ’ aides , which was supposed to be reduced under a new county structure that went into effect in 2007 .
The Department of Regional Planning performs all land use planning functions for the unincorporated areas of the county .
Like Topanga Canyon .
Services include long - range planning , land development counseling , project review , environmental review and zoning enforcement .
This is the same bunch Kathleen Kenny filed a R.I.C.O suit against .
( Please see : Kathleen Kenny vs California Coastal Commission - SINS OF COMMISSION )
Watch the trailer on this site or YOUTUBE
The more things change … the more things stay the same ….
Los Angeles County ’s unincorporated areas include more than 2,600 square miles and represent two - thirds of the county ’s land and one - tenth of its population .
Some of that land is in the California Coastal Zone , and under the jursidiction of the California Coastal Commission …
Read more of this great article by Garrett Therolf at the LA TIMES garrett.therolf@latimes.com
Tags : Bruce W. McClendon , California Coastal Commission , California Coastal Commmission , Department of Regional Planning , Don Knabe , Gloria Molina , Kathleen Kenny , LOS ANGELES County supervisors , Mark Ridley - Thomas and Zev Yaroslavsky , Michael Antonovich , r.i.c.o. , Sins of Commission , Topanga Canyon California Coastal Commission , William T Fujioka
VIEWPOINT
By Neil Stanley
Sleep researcher , University of East Anglia
Shift work can have a particularly detrimental impact on sleep patterns
We all know the health risks of smoking , drinking and eating too much .
But sleep expert Neil Stanley says we do n't pay attention to the risks of having too little sleep .
In this week 's Scrubbing Up health column , he warns it is time to " reclaim the night " .
Good sleep is vital for good physical mental and emotional health - but unfortunately we seem to live in a society that has forgotten this fact .
In terms of healthy living , sleep is as important as good diet and exercise .
Why do we go through life feeling this tired ?
Poor or inadequate sleep can have serious consequences on overall health and wellbeing and has been shown to lead to lower immunity , poor performance and mood changes .
In the longer term , inadequate sleep is associated with a greater risk of a number of diseases , such as heart disease , depression and diabetes .
There are also important consequences of poor or inadequate sleep which negatively affect the way we feel and perform during the day .
Round the clock
We are living in an increasingly " tired " society .
Think about how you feel at the moment with one as very tired and 10 as feeling wide awake .
I reckon very few of you are a seven , let alone a 10 .
Why do we go through life feeling this tired ?
One reason is the increasing extension of the daytime activities into the night .
Sleeping like a baby is something too few of us are doing
When I was growing up in the 1970s , Tomorrow 's World each week promised us a future where , due to advances in technology , there would be so much leisure time that we would have to come up with new ways of amusing ourselves .
Unfortunately what was created by all this new technology was the 24/7 society .
Technology never sleeps , and thus people can work around the clock - whether they are in the office or at home .
The long hours , information overload and stresses associated with 21st Century living negatively affect our sleep which , in turn , is detrimental to our health , work performance and even our relationships .
Convenience brings risks
As a society we need to give much more serious consideration to our work / life balance particularly with regards to sleep .
For example it has been estimated that in future a third of the workforce will be working shifts , mainly in the service sector .
However there is a large body of evidence which shows that working shifts is bad for health and increases accidents at work .
So , whilst it is of course important for some workers to work around the clock , does the convenience of paying a bill at 2 am really outweigh the health risks of having so many people doing shifts ?
You would not want a drunken surgeon operating on you or a drunken train driver taking you to work , so why would you accept a tired one ?
Read your comments
It has been reported that tired drivers now cause more deaths on European roads than drunk drivers , and yet whilst it has become socially unacceptable to be drunk behind the wheel or in the workplace it is almost a matter of pride that we believe we can function properly when tired .
Yet you would not want a drunken surgeon operating on you or a drunken train driver taking you to work , so why would you accept a tired one ?
The problem of poor sleep is perhaps even more important in children as it has been linked with increased risk of - amongst other things - obesity , diabetes , poor academic performance and behavioural problems .
You only have to watch an episode of Supernanny to see how profound the positive effect of a good night 's sleep can be on the behaviour of children .
Over the past decade there has been an increasing body of evidence that shows that sleep plays an important role in regulating weight and controlling appetite , and so I find it surprising that when earlier this year the government started its Change 4
Life healthy living campaign there is no mention of the importance of good sleep .
Is n't it about time we reclaimed the night for sleep ?
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The strong showing by right - wing parties in Israel ’s elections is likely to create new obstacles to U.S. President Barack Obama ’s hopes for achieving a swift and substantial progress , if not a breakthrough , in peace negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians , according to most experts here .
While the precise composition of the government that will emerge from Tuesday ’s balloting will probably take weeks , possibly months , to work out , it appears clear that right - wing parties , led by former Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu ’s Likud Party , will hold a majority of the non-Arab seats in the new Knesset .
Israeli President Shimon Peres will have to decide whether Netanyahu or Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni , whose Kadima Party barely edged out Likud in the total number of candidates elected , should be given the first opportunity to form a government .
But most analysts here believe that the Likud leader has the greater chance of success , either in forming a government of national unity  his declared preference  or one with a narrower ideological base .
Aside from praise for the election itself , U.S. officials have been predictably tight - lipped about what they think of the results .
However , it has been clear for some time that the new administration of President Barack Obama would have preferred a clear victory for the current coalition dominated by Kadima and the Labor Party over one by Likud and parties to the right of it , particularly the extreme right - wing Yisrael Beiteinu ( Israel Is Our Home ) , which displaced Labor as the country ’s third biggest party .
While all of the major parties strongly supported Israel ’s recent three - week military campaign in Gaza , Kadima and Labor are on record as supporting , at least in principle , a two - state solution to the Israel - Palestinian conflict based on giving up almost all of the West Bank and at least part of East Jerusalem , as well .
Netanyahu opposes both Palestinian statehood and any territorial concessions on the West Bank and Jerusalem , offering the Palestinians instead an " economic peace . "
He also opposes a freeze on Israeli settlement activity .
Obama has not only repeatedly expressed his own support for a two - state solution , but has also stressed the growing urgency of achieving a settlement , not only for the purpose of ending the 60 - year conflict , but also to restore Washington ’s greatly diminished credibility in the Arab and Islamic worlds where views of the U.S. fell to all - time lows during the reign of his predecessor , George W. Bush , in part due to his steadfast support for Israel .
Indeed , within two days of his inauguration , Obama named former Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell , who brokered the Good Friday Agreement in Northern Ireland and headed a widely praised commission that recommended ways to reduce violence between Israelis and Palestinians during the Second Intifada in 2000 and 2001 , as his " Special Envoy " to " actively and aggressively seek a lasting peace between Israel and the Palestinians as well as Israel and its Arab neighbors . "
Within a week of his appointment , Mitchell had traveled to the region and is still expected to return later this month , despite the election results and the uncertainty they have created .
While Mitchell can still deal with Prime Minister Ehud Olmert , and there remains hope that , even as a lame duck , Olmert could strike an Egyptian - mediated deal with Hamas that would stabilize the situation in Gaza , analysts here consider it very unlikely that peace talks between Israel and the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) can make any headway at all until a new government takes power .
Mitchell ’s task was already considered daunting given the bitter split on the Palestinian side between Hamas , which controls Gaza , and the U.S. - backed PA , which controls the West Bank .
But the election results in Israel are likely to make it much harder , because a coalition government , even if headed by Livni , will almost certainly have to include Likud , and a right - wing government will likely reject negotiations based on an eventual two - state solution .
Neither Kadima nor Likud could form a government " that would have much receptivity to a major negotiation effort , " Samuel Lewis , a former U.S. Ambassador to Israel and member of the dovish Israel Policy Forum ( IPF ) told the Los Angeles Times .
" I think it ’s going to be really tough , because in addition to a … divided Palestinian national movement … you now have to add to that , although the crisis is n’t the same order of magnitude , an Israeli divided house , " according to Aaron Miller , a veteran U.S. Mideast peace negotiator now with the Woodrow Wilson Center here .
" And broken houses in the Middle East do n’t lead to bold and historic decisions . "
" George Mitchell is an extraordinary negotiator , a talented man .
I have profound respect for him , " Miller told public television ’s Newshour .
" But the Obama administration is all dressed up , but there ’s nowhere right now for them to go . "
Marc Ginsburg , a former ambassador to Morocco , agreed , writing in the Huffington Post that " both Israelis and Palestinians are increasingly caught in a vortex of radicalism that is marginalizing the so - called silent majorities on both sides who recognize there is no hope for peace without a two - state solution .
That is why the dynamics of the equation must change , and can only change with creative persistence diplomacy , and , yes , new approaches that require hard choices . "
Some analysts , however , believe the dynamics could indeed change , particularly if Netanyahu forms a solidly right - wing government , and Obama is willing to take him on , much as former President George H.W. Bush took on former Likud Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir .
" It will be easier for President Obama to deal with Netanyahu than with the almost equally hawkish Livni because … her seeming moderation is a nice cover , " wrote the IPF ’s M.J. Goldberg .
" A Netanyahu government would have no such cover , ( and ) any acts of sabotage to the peace process or new misery inflicted on the Palestinians would likely be strongly opposed by the United States .
Israel ’s most slavish ‘ friends ’ in Congress  almost all Democrats  would find it hard , although far from impossible , to choose Netanyahu ( who is very close to Republicans ) over Obama . "
" I think the best path towards peace would be for Netanyahu to form a right - wing government because it will make clear that the Israelis and Palestinians ca n’t make peace by themselves , " said Steve Clemons , head of the American Strategy program at the New America Foundation .
" A right - wing government in Israel will show that the only way to purge what has become an increasingly destructive geo-strategic ulcer is for the United States , Europe , the U.N. , Russia , and key Arab stakeholders to coalesce around a two - state solution whose outlines are already well known , and impose it . "
" The U.S. and the much of the rest of the world simply can’t afford the recklessness , immaturity and sheer stupidity of leadership on all sides of the conflict to continue , " he added .
( Inter Press Service )
In a kind of stunning development in the " Fuck Yogi " ball auction , it appears the Mantle family swooped in and paid the $ 2,750 to buy the ball from Grey Flannel Auctions .
Advertisement
The auction house refused to comment to Darren Rovell , but he has a source that told him the Mantles purchased the ball to " keep it out of the hands of the collector . "
The assumption is that if , as rumored , Mickey was a little tuned - up when he signed the ball , that the family wants to own it so it 's not publicly displayed , further damaging The Mick 's baseball legacy .
It 's an interesting move by the family , considering Mantle was n't bashful about his drinking exploits .
Who has n't woken up on a porch swing on a random farm ?
Advertisement
Mantle Family Buys " F - Bomb " Ball [ CNBC ]
Ontario's recycling scraps – dirty peanut butter jars , plastic toys , and unsorted paper – are being shipped to Asia at a rate of thousands of tonnes a month .
The blue - box castoffs are sorted by low - paid workers in huge factories , and recycled into inexpensive toys , shoes and colourful cardboard packages , before being sold back to Ontarians , where they fill the blue boxes once again .
Garbage experts say this revolving door is a necessary evil that will continue until the province has better recycling facilities so cities can process their own garbage .
" The question is , how much do we want to transport materials around ? " said Glenda Gies , executive director of Waste Diversion Ontario , which oversees the provincial blue - box program .
" We really do want to support the Ontario economy , we want to process these materials here . "
Most residents recycle with the belief they are helping the environment and are unaware that their municipalities are shipping materials to China and South Korea , creating a huge new carbon footprint .
" It is a contentious issue here , " said Jo -Anne St. Godard , executive director of the Recycling Council of Ontario .
" We took advantage of ( China 's ) cheaper labour force to have them clean , or re-clean , our recyclables , to sort out the more valuable items from the less valuable . "
With the downturn in the recycling commodities market , China 's demand for low - end mixed paper and plastic " residue " from blue boxes dropped considerably .
But , Toronto , which sent up to 20,000 tonnes of mixed paper to China 's massive Nine Dragons mill in both 2007 and last year , reports that in January , the mill began requesting more of the city 's paper .
Toronto gets paid roughly $ 30 to $ 40 per tonne of mixed paper sent to China .
According to Geoff Rathbone , general manager of Toronto 's solid waste department , that worked out to be about $ 600,000 to $ 800,000 in 2007 and 2008 .
In addition to shipping to China , Rathbone said the city sends about 10,000 tonnes a year of its " polycoat " milk and juice cartons to South Korea .
If Toronto moves ahead with plans to recycle disposable coffee cups , it will send them to the same South Korean facility , as long as the owners can handle the influx , he said .
Still , Rathbone believes local paper mills and recycling facilities are the best option .
" In the long term , I do n't think ( shipping to Asia ) is a sustainable way to go , " he said .
It is not clear how many tonnes of Ontario 's recycled goods are sent to Asia each year .
A study published by Waste Diversion Ontario looked at shipping data – voluntarily supplied by municipalities and private recyclers .
Based on their information , the authors of the report concluded that four per cent of the 937,979 tonnes of blue - box materials sold in 2006 went to China , and a lesser number to South Korea .
WDO's Gies said more ongoing studies are needed before the full picture is known .
St. Godard said North American mills generally require materials be properly sorted and clean .
But some municipalities , like Toronto , allow all recycled goods to be mixed into the same blue bin , because it is cheaper and easier for residents .
" You end up co-mingling materials that have to be sorted and re-sorted and re-sorted and by the time they actually reach the end market they are still so contaminated that the mills here cannot take them .
But China has an extra layer of labour that can sift through them , " she said .
To get to China from Toronto , the mixed paper is stacked in bales , placed in shipping containers and sent across country to the port of Vancouver by train , said Jake Westerhof , of Canada Fibres , which sells Toronto 's paper to Nine Dragons .
From Vancouver , it is placed on a large freighter ship and spends several weeks at sea before arriving in one of China 's southern ports .
It is moved into a truck a driven several hours before arriving at the massive Nine Dragons paper mill in the province of Guangdong .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Rathbone believes the increase in orders from China means the market will slowly rebound .
He says Toronto will continue shipping its paper to Nine Dragons , and pointed out the city 's contract requires that the mill adhere to environmental standards , along with health and safety rules for its workers .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A bomb explosion in Cairo has killed a French tourist and injured more than 20 other people , mostly foreign tourists .
It happened at an open - air hotel cafe packed with tourists in the Khan al - Khalili area - a major attraction and home to a prominent mosque .
The device , most likely home - made , was thrown from a balcony , Egyptian police said .
Conflicting reports say the bomb may have been left under a bench .
The tourist killed was identified as a 17 - year - old girl by French authorities .
There has been no indication so far of who is behind the attack , and no arrests have yet been confirmed .
' Devastating effect '
Those injured in the " relatively small " blast included 10 French nationals , four Germans and three Egyptians , according to police .
The French foreign ministry confirmed the death of one of its citizens .
" The victim was 17 years old and had travelled with a group of young people from Levallois , " foreign ministry spokesman Eric Chevallier was quoted by the AFP news agency as saying .
Levallois - Perret is a suburb of Paris .
Eight French nationals were injured in the attack , the French foreign ministry said .
Those injured were part of a group of 54 teenagers from Paris visiting the Egyptian capital , AFP reported .
Six of the more than 20 people hurt are thought to be in a serious condition .
The early evening explosion happened near the Hussein mosque and a well - known bazaar , in what is a historic area .
This is a very crowded area with tiny streets , which is why even a small blast would appear to have had such a devastating effect , the BBC's Christian Fraser in Cairo says .
It is thought the bomb was thrown from an upper floor of the hotel , our correspondent says .
But news agencies have also quoted a report from the Egyptian state news service Mena , which said the bomb had exploded under a bench .
The area was sealed off , as bomb disposal experts were sent in to defuse a second device which failed to explode .
' Plenty of enemies '
" The blast was so powerful that the earth shook underneath us , " an eyewitness told Egypt 's Nile News TV.
EGYPT ATTACKS April 2006 : Bombs at Dahab , on the Red Sea , kill at least 23 April 2005 : Bombing at Khan al - Khalili kills three people , including Frenchman and American July 2005 :
At least 88 people die in bomb attacks in Sharm el - Sheikh , on the Red Sea March 2005 : Hungarian couple stabbed while kissing near Khan al - Khalili Oct 2004 : Bombs at Red Sea resorts of Taba and Nuweiba kill at least 34 people 1997 : Gunmen fire on tourists in Cairo and in Luxor , killing 68 " We all lay down on the ground .
Blood was streaming from the back of one of the people running away from the blast .
I even saw a separated hand and an arm .
Just shredded human flesh , " the witness said .
No cars are allowed into the area but motorbikes can get around the barriers , our correspondent says .
The Khan al - Khalili area was targeted in 2005 , when three people - including an American and a French tourist - were killed in a blast .
Sunday 's explosion would be of huge concern to Egypt 's security services , our correspondent says .
These are tense times for the Egyptian government , he adds , which has been criticised for its stance over the recent conflict in Gaza and has many enemies .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Online Delivery
We are back serving you at your door step .
Now indulge in your favourite food from your favourite restaurants .
Order at - +91 8527194240 | Timing : 10 am to 10 pm
02
Here 's an update of USA Gulf of Mexico ( GoM ) oil production using the most recent EIA data .
GoM production peaked in June 2002 at 1.73 mbd and is forecast to continue declining .
For comparison this 2007 forecast from the US Dept of the Interior , Minerals Management Service , showed GoM oil production increasing from 2006 .
Unfortunately , the opposite occurred .
click to enlarge
Although the USA GoM is only producing about 1.3 mbd , it remains the region of the biggest future capacity additions for the entire USA .
The 250 kbd capacity Thunder Horse project started oil production in mid 2008 and BP claims that it is producing 200 kbd now , but it has not stopped the overall declining trend in GoM production .
Blind Faith and Neptune also started in 2008 , adding almost 100 kbd capacity , but they have not helped to reverse the declining GoM production trend .
2009 GoM projects include Shenzi , 85 kbd ; Tahiti , 125 kbd ; and Thunder Hawk , 60 kbd .
Will these projects combined with the 2008 projects reverse the declining GoM production trend ?
Deepwater GoM projects face numerous production constraints .
These include hurricanes , planned and unplanned maintenance , and production ramp up delays due to engineering challenges .
In addition , current low oil prices and credit constraints may delay some projects .
Production decline rates for mature GoM fields are about 20 % per year according to the IEA .
If it 's assumed that a 20 % decline rate is applied to 1 mbd of GoM production , then additional production additions of 200 kbd are required every year just to keep GoM production constant .
2008 total GoM capacity additions might be as high as 360 kbd .
However , 2008 production additions are probably closer to 250 kbd , on an annual basis .
Similarly , 2009 GoM capacity additions might be 270 kbd of which about 200 kbd will probably be production additions for 2009 .
There is some hope that recent GoM discoveries could increase GoM production .
In 2006 , Chevron made a large oil discovery at the Jack well in the lower tertiary trend thought to hold as much as 15 billion barrels .
This month , Chevron announced another oil discovery also in the lower tertiary trend , called Buckskin .
Anadarko announced two GoM discoveries this month , Shenandoah and Heidelberg .
Unfortunately , it appears unlikely that these discoveries will reverse the declining production trend as it could be at least five years until first oil is produced from these discoveries .
For example , Chevron 's CEO Dave O'Reilly recently stated that he hoped production from Jack would start before 2015 .
Since 2003 , oil discoveries have not been sufficient to replace reserves lost to production .
About 95 % of GoM crude oil proved reserves are located in Federal Offshore Louisiana and Alabama .
These reserves have been in a declining trend from the peak of 4.25 Gb in 2003 down to 3.32 Gb in 2007 shown below in the chart from the EIA .
click to enlarge
It is possible that GoM production will stay constant over the short term from 2008 to 2010 .
However , long term GoM production will probably continue its decline from the 2002 peak because sanctioned capacity additions beyond 2010 are less than 100 kbd per year which are not enough to offset production declines from existing fields .
This indicates that USA crude and condensate ( C&C ) production will also continue its long term decline from its peak in 1970 .
According to the EIA , USA C&C production in 2004 was 5.42 mbd ; 2005 , 5.18 mbd ; 2006 , 5.10 mbd ; 2007 , 5.06 mbd ; and 2008 YTD November , 4.94 mbd .
Congressman Barney Frank just told TMZ he is sending a letter to Northern Trust , demanding that the bank pay the government the equivalent of what it spent last week on lavish parties and concerts in L.A .
Frank , Chairman of the House Committee on Financial Services , is sending the letter on behalf of the Committee .
Frank is also asking Northern Trust to return the $ 1.6 billion in bailout money to the government .
Northern Trust did n't ask for the money when Former Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson doled it out .
The new law actually allows banks that did n't need the money to return it .
Frank also scoffed at the boondoggle , saying Northern Trust should have spent that money making loans and stimulating the economy .
He called the Northern Trust Open an " ego thing " that has nothing to do with good business .
Senator John Kerry also weighed in on TMZ 's story , calling Northern Trust 's L.A. extravaganza " disgusting and stupid
and pathetic . "
UPDATE : Congressman Brad Sherman said , " Wall Street is laughing at us saying , 'we got to keep your money and our lifestyle is unchanged . ' "
Senator Sherrod Brown said , " A lot of banks seem to be talking out of both sides of their mouths .
When we ask what they are doing with taxpayer funds , they claim it 's impossible to track the money because it is fungible .
But when it comes to paying for parties , all of a sudden an enormous wall divides the TARP money from everything else .
They can not have it both ways . "
See what other congresspeople have to say ... after the jump .
Congressman Walter Jones said , " This personifies exactly why I voted against the bank bailout bill . "
Congressman Stephen F. Lynch has just agreed to sign Barney Frank 's letter .
Congressman Bill Foster says he's " appalled and angered at the behavior of Northern Trust executives , " adding " the bank should return what they spent on this junket ... "
Congressman Steve Driehaus just contacted TMZ and said he will be signing Barney Frank 's letter to Northern Trust .
We love this one .
Congressman Ed Royce took a stand by saying he was " swamped " with the State of the Union so he had no comment .
How 's this for taking a stand .
Congressman J. Gresham Barrett said no comment .
And Congressman William " Lacy " Clay said he was preparing for the President 's address tonight -- we thought the Prez was giving the address .
Congressman Paul Hodes says " Northern Trust demonstrated a lack of understanding of the economic times we face with their extravagance ... this should never happen again . "
Ronnie O'Sullivan is box - office gold for good reason , on and off the snooker tables where his talents have made him a multimillionaire , and the 33 - year - old from Essex has again shown why by reigniting the debate about the future of his sport .
Snooker , he says , is on " a downward spiral " and in need of a Simon Cowell - esque Svengali , or else it risks becoming an irrelevance that he can do without .
O'Sullivan made his remarks after a 6 - 5 win over Joe Perry in his opening match at the Masters , the biggest event in the annual calendar outside of the World Championship , with a winner 's cheque of £ 150,000 at stake .
More than 2,100 people paid to watch his match live at Wembley and millions more watched on television , as they did when O'Sullivan won the World Championship last year for a third time , after an event that still outdoes darts – its main rival in indoor sport – in TV ratings .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
So there are those who might argue that this is just the latest whine from a man whose mood swings are well known .
O'Sullivan is prone to making his views known , frankly and robustly , and it is far from the first time he has voiced his dissatisfaction with his sport , or indeed his lot in life .
But his clear frustration at what he sees as a lack of dynamism within snooker 's governing body prompted the latest outburst and he is not alone in his belief that change is needed .
" I feel like I 'm in a sport that has had its good days and is on a really downward spiral , " he said .
" I think it needs someone like Barry Hearn , or Simon Cowell with entrepreneurial skills , someone who 's more up to date in the modern world , that 's a bit more dynamic .
" People who are running snooker , it just seems to be going backwards , nothing seems to be happening .
It just feels boring going to tournaments .
It was always exciting .
" The game is dying and unless something happens I ain't going to these tournaments for £ 30,000 ...
I do n't really want to play , to be honest with you ...
I love the game and I 'm in great shape physically and mentally , but I 've got to the stage where I do n't really care if I play or not . "
Cowell could not be contacted yesterday to ask how he might transform the sport .
Perhaps he could suggest an X Factor , or say that Alexandra Burke singing a medley of Leonard Cohen songs in the interval would bring the crowds flocking to the Crucible .
But he was busy with the first day 's filming for the next series of Britain 's Got Talent .
However , Max Clifford , sometime PR adviser to Cowell and one of the foremost image - shapers in Britain , said snooker " simply needs to create stars " .
" The game itself remains very much as it as was when Joe Davis was winning the World Championship in the 1920s and that in itself is n't a problem , " Clifford said .
" But somebody needs to get hold of the sport and promote it properly by creating stars with a broad appeal who will bring in new fans and generate a buzz .
David Beckham is a star for a lot of people who have no interest in football , and he brings those fans to football . "
Clifford cited darts as a sport that has marketed itself brilliantly , and it is no coincidence that both Hearn and BSkyB – both experts in packaging and selling televised sport to the masses – have been heavily involved in that process .
" Let 's face it .
Darts is n't very sexy and darts player are n't sexy but they 've been made so , and are huge now , " said Clifford .
" What would I do with snooker ?
Find some good - looking , interesting , young guys coming through , and they are out there , and build them up .
" Get them seen with beautiful girls in the right places , at the X Factor final , on Dancing on Ice , on the biggest game show , on Strictly , in TV ads .
Can it be done ?
Yes .
It takes time .
But make stars and people will follow them , including in their sport .
It 's all about playing the media game .
It 's all about perception . "
Asked if he would be willing to work with the governing body , Clifford said : " Absolutely , but bring it up to date , make it more widely followed .
That is what it needs , it needs the board to come and say , ' Right , we 're going to have a year 's PR campaign ' which will cost £ 250,000 or something like that .
But what you 're going to get out of it is worth millions . "
The irony in O'Sullivan's " downward spiral " remarks is that the reaction to them has partially proved the precise point he was making .
They have garnered huge attention , through being a talking point , at a time when the snooker itself is easy to overlook through a dearth of colourful personalities .
Snooker 's fortunes lie in the fact that it has O'Sullivan at centre stage .
He is affable , engaging , flawed , intriguing , disturbed , thrilling .
He is handsome and witty and cocky and funny .
His dad , Ronnie Snr , remains in prison for murder , serving a sentence that has shadowed Ronnie Jnr 's life since he was a teenager .
His mum has done time as well .
O'Sullivan is also , by a margin , the most naturally talented snooker player the world has ever seen .
Snooker 's misfortune is that only Ronnie is centre stage .
No other current player can hold a candle to him , on or off the baize .
Yet it is also worth reiterating that snooker 's halcyon days of the 1980s happened in an era of three - channel television where the sport was , frankly , among the cheapest and easiest way to fill hours of scheduling .
The 18.5 million who watched the most famous final , Taylor - Davis of 1985 , is a millstone around the game 's neck .
Yes , back then , Alex Higgins gave the game an edge , with plenty of sex , alcohol and sometimes violence thrown in .
So what if he was , according to most of those who ever got close to him , despicable ?
He was a folk hero too .
Cliff Thorburn was a Canadian smoothie who did cocaine .
So was Kirk Stevens , come to think of it .
Tony Knowles was a famous ladies ' man .
Jimmy
White was ever the loveable rogue , while Dennis Taylor and Joe Johnson were talented working men's club entertainers who were also able to win the biggest prize .
The generation that followed this " golden age " – and what a golden age it was when chart success could be achieved by teaming up with Chas n'Dave on Snooker Loopy – comprised more serious and less flamboyant young men : Stephen Hendry , Ken Doherty , John Higgins , Peter Ebdon .
And the " new " generation are more serious , more professional still , in application and attitude , epitomised by the growing group of Chinese youngsters hoping to make a fortune from a sport taking off in a big way back home .
Sir Rodney Walker , the chairman of World Snooker , responded to O'Sullivan 's comments by saying that he was " surprised and disappointed " by them .
Nobody would argue snooker , like many sports , would benefit from an injection of glamour and a higher media profile .
But equally Sir Rodney has battled to keep alive a sport holed close to the waterline by the loss of all tobacco sponsorship , and in an era when many far more youth - oriented sports fill hours of airtime .
Sir Rodney might also argue that snooker prize - money had risen by 30 per cent in two years , albeit not to peak levels , but by £ 1 m none the less .
Standards are higher than ever , however measured : 100s , 147s , strength in depth .
A new initiative , HotShots , was launched to promote young players , although it has hardly gone " mainstream " yet .
New events in China and Bahrain show international growth .
Hearn , a key figure for decades as Steve Davis 's manager and as a promoter of snooker , insisted yesterday that snooker is not " down and out " but added that O'Sullivan is " carrying the sport on his own shoulders " .
" Snooker still does decent business but it 's not as dramatic as it used to be , " he said .
" Basically , we had a diet of fantastic characters in the sport and , without criticising the other players , Ronnie O'Sullivan is sort of carrying the sport on his own shoulders .
He 's the biggest seller of snooker to most punters , but he needs some competition , he needs some other characters out there that will highlight the advantages and the excitement of snooker .
" It still does decent business – it's not down and out .
But maybe that is the level it has to be at now because the market has changed , the climate has changed , the entertainment factor has changed and snooker just ticks over . "
Strictly snooker : Radical ways to put the party into potting
* Cheerleaders : American football is the world leader in the high - kicking , pompom - flinging stakes , but no one is saying that snooker needs to go to Super Bowl extremes complete with wardrobe malfunctions .
Even lower league football teams have their troupes and the Cueties or the Pottettes do have a certain ring .
* The Exploding Ball : More radical this one , but as a tension - builder hard to beat .
One of the balls in every frame is mined and fitted with a timer , but the players do not know which one .
Once the ball is armed , it explodes at the next contact , showering the immediate area with whipped cream or custard .
Exciting or what ?
* Fancy dress :
As the Prince of Darkness , Ronnie O'Sullivan is a shoo - in for Dracula , but Steven Hendry as Jonny Depp- inspired Captain Jack Sparrow would be a spectacle to treasure .
There 's certain to be an opening for a Cinderella , but let 's not go there .
* Animals :
You should never work with children or animals , so the saying goes , but something cute and furry could prove a winner .
A few frames of pot - the - hamster to liven up the interval would be perhaps taking things too far .
* Characters : Take away Ronnie and where are the personalities ?
Jimmy
White 's whirlwind blew out long ago and how the game longs for a new Alex Higgins to fill the front pages as well as the back .
We 're not asking everyone to gamble away their house while enveloped in a drug - fuelled fug , or headbutt a referee , but let 's show some spirit .
* Fans : Watch the darts at the Ally Pally and the atmosphere is fantastic , because the spectators are allowed to do their thing .
Loads of noise , lots of colour and not a dry glass in the house .
Compare that with the grave - like silence of snooker .
It 's time to loosen up .
* Fights :
This has already been trailed by Quinten Hann and Mark King in 2004 after Hann was challenged to a boxing match for making offensive gestures and remarks during a World Championship game .
Hann ( in blue headgear ) won , but had his nose broken when he later took on a Gaelic footballer after insulting Ireland 's greatest game .
A good rumble to sort things out when the frames are level 17 - 17 ?
Worth a look .
ReactOS Attempts to Clone Windows -- A Heapin' Helpin ' of Chutzpah !
by Ostatic Staff - Jan. 08 , 2009
Now here is an open source ( or at least partially open source ) project that may have a strong chance of drawing legal action from Microsoft : ReactOS .
It is a free , community - driven operating system -- currently only in alpha -- based on the design of Windows XP / 2003 .
According to developers : " It aims to follow the Windows architecture designed by Microsoft from the hardware level right through to the application level .
This is not a Linux based system , and shares none of the Unix architecture . "
There are some promising aspects to this effort , although there are also some foreboding , clearly similar precedents where Microsoft has called out its legal cavalry .
Here 's more .
As Xenstreet notes , ReactOS does not really compete directly with Windows XP or Vista , but there are still hundreds of millions of PCs around running very old versions of Microsoft Windows .
In fact , I recently recounted my effort to convert a Windows 98 dinosaur laptop into a netbook for my cousin .
It 's on these older systems that ReactOS could represent a free , open source system rejuvenation for any user who is used to the interface metaphors and innerworkings of Windows .
Xenstreet makes the argument that Microsoft does not support versions of Windows predating Windows XP , but there actually is so much support documentation online at Microsoft 's site for previous versions that I do n't agree that community support will be the big attraction for ReactOS .
Also , ReactOS has no hope of duplicating the Plug - and - Play hardware compatibility found in all versions of Windows since Windows 95 , which has basically been a distributed , industry - wide set of compatibility agreements between Microsoft and thousands of hardware manufacturers .
Instead , this open source Windows knock - off may have a future simply because it is free , lightweight and works as Windows works .
Is there any precedent for this kind of thing ?
Oh yes .
Have you ever heard of the Software 602 office suite of Windows applications ?
For years , this was a free clone of Microsoft Office , so uncannily like the Microsoft productivity applications that its existence drew legal action from Microsoft .
I used the suite extensively for years , and its spreadsheet worked exactly like Excel , its word processor looked and worked exactly like Word , etc .
I can't tell if Software 602's suite still exists , and it may have been legally obstructed , but I do remember that it eventually went to a fee - based model where you could buy it for around $ 40 .
I wo n't be surprised to see ReactOS draw a reaction from Microsoft .
Just look at the legal action that Apple recently took against Psystar , which has attempted to make and sell clones of Macintosh systems .
In another example of an extremely close makeover of Windows , I wrote about Xcerion here .
The company offers an extremely Windows - like " cloud OS , " and members of its advisory board are former Microsoft employees .
Despite the possibility of legal action , I have to admire the swashbuckling bravado of the the ReactOS team and community .
Does the " React " part of the name of this project refer directly to what the developers expect from Microsoft ?
I do n't know .
Remaking Windows as a free , open source entity , though - - now that 's chutzpah !
Amit Agarwal is a Google Developer Expert in GSuite and Google Apps Script .
He holds an engineering degree in Computer Science ( I.I.T. ) and is the first professional blogger in India .
Read more on Lifehacker and YourStory
Get in touch
The Toronto mosque that once warned its members to avoid wishing others " Merry Christmas , " equating it with murder , is once again pitted in controversy .
And now the Muslim Canadian Congress is calling on Ottawa to strip the charitable status of the Somali Islamic Society of Canada , which owns the Khalid Bin Al - Walid mosque in Etobicoke , founded in 1990 and serving more than 10,000 worshippers .
Congress president Farzana Hassan said postings on the mosque 's website are " in contravention of what a moderate Muslim should stand for . "
Asked for specifics , Hassan cited the site 's " statements about women . "
For example , she said , " they say female circumcision is honourable and yet they find piercing your ears reprehensible , wearing high heels reprehensible , laughing objectionable .
It 's very disconcerting that their priorities are where they are . "
But the mosque defends its postings , arguing in a statement posted on its website that " different scholars of Islam may have differing opinions on the same subject . "
The statement , signed " Khalid Bin Al - Walid Mosque Management and the Board of Directors , " continues : " We try our best to enrich Islamic knowledge for anyone who visits our web site and show to them the differing views of Islamic scholars on a particular subject . "
And , it adds : " We make it clear to all readers of our web site that unless the answers are provided by the Khalid mosque , the answers do not necessarily reflect the views of Khalidmosque.org . "
The Khalid mosque 's statement was issued to the Star earlier this month as the paper prepared a story about the mosque , its views and its recent involvement advocating for eight Somali women who complained to the Canadian Human Rights Commission that their employer UPS Canada Ltd. violated their religious views by requiring them to adhere to dress codes at a sorting plant .
The company argues it 's a question of safety .
" We have maintained our web site to reach out to Muslims and non-Muslims alike to provide to them the authentic teachings of Islam , " the mosque 's administration says in the statement .
" We do not seek to offend or harm anyone with what is written on our web site .
There are many different religions in this world and there are naturally many disagreements between scholars of each religion . "
Len Rudner , the Canadian Jewish Congress 's Ontario director , contacted the mosque 's board Friday to ask that they remove " material that we deem offensive . "
The mosque 's statement , Rudner said , " in essence ... says there are points of religion where scholars are going to disagree .
And that 's fair .
" But what really draws my attention on the website ... is one particular section where they talk about , for want of a better way of putting it , the ongoing historical efforts of Jews to destroy Muslim society . "
Rudner said he 's already heard back from the mosque and a meeting is planned to resolve issues .
And , late Friday , the mosque emailed Rudner to " apologize without reservation to the CJC and the Jewish community at large for any and all comments that they have found offensive on our web site , which we never intended in the first place .
" All of the writings to which offence has been taken have been or will be removed from our site immediately , " added the email , signed by Said Omar , acting chair of the Khalid mosque 's board .
In an interview Friday , Omar argued the mosque was not responsible for the offensive material , contending it had merely posted the opinions of scholars , and that mosque officials were well within the Charter of Rights and Freedoms in disseminating information about Islam on their website .
It 's not the first time the mosque or its board have been the subject of critical attention from other Muslim organizations that see it as extremist or ill - informed about Islam .
In 2002 , a mosque employee sent an email to the Khalid mosque 's Internet message service on Christmas Day , warning that saying " Merry Christmas " was akin to " congratulating someone for drinking wine , or murdering someone or having illicit sexual relations and so on . "
The mosque defended itself against critics then by saying the email was sent by a junior employee without his superiors ' approval .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Ahmed Hussen – who has met Prime Minister Stephen Harper and appeared on CTV Newsnet – is president of the Canadian Somali Congress and said the impression this Toronto mosque speaks for Somali - Canadians " saddens us as a community , because it 's not reflective of who we are in this country . "
Two weeks ago , Hussen said , his organization launched a Somali - Jewish scholarship and mentoring program , whereby Jewish professionals mentor Somali youth .
" A lot of folks , yes , go to the mosque .
And some do n't .
But they go to the mosque as a religious centre .
And they come out .
They do n't necessarily base their life decisions or their approach to Canada on what an imam says , " Hussen said , adding that , in many cases , the more outrageous or offensive Imams are given " undue credence . "
Benford's Law
A phenomenological law also called the first digit law , first digit phenomenon , or leading digit phenomenon .
Benford 's law states that in listings , tables of statistics , etc. , the digit 1 tends to occur with probability , much greater than the expected 11.1 % ( i.e. , one digit out of 9 ) .
Benford 's law can be observed , for instance , by examining tables of logarithms and noting that the first pages are much more worn and smudged than later pages ( Newcomb 1881 ) .
While Benford 's law unquestionably applies to many situations in the real world , a satisfactory explanation has been given only recently through the work of Hill ( 1998 ) .
Benford 's law was used by the character Charlie Eppes as an analogy to help solve a series of high burglaries in the Season 2 " The Running Man " episode ( 2006 ) of the television crime drama NUMB3RS .
Benford 's law applies to data that are not dimensionless , so the numerical values of the data depend on the units .
If there exists a universal probability distribution over such numbers , then it must be invariant under a change of scale , so
(1)
If , then , and normalization implies .
Differentiating with respect to and setting gives
(2)
having solution .
Although this is not a proper probability distribution ( since it diverges ) , both the laws of physics and human convention impose cutoffs .
For example , randomly selected street addresses obey something close to Benford 's law .
If many powers of 10 lie between the cutoffs , then the probability that the first ( decimal ) digit is is given by a logarithmic distribution
(3)
for , ... , 9 , illustrated above and tabulated below .
1 0.30103 6 0.0669468 2 0.176091 7 0.0579919 3 0.124939 8 0.0511525 4 0.09691 9 0.0457575 5 0.0791812
However , Benford 's law applies not only to scale - invariant data , but also to numbers chosen from a variety of different sources .
Explaining this fact requires a more rigorous investigation of central limit - like theorems for the mantissas of random variables under multiplication .
As the number of variables increases , the density function approaches that of the above logarithmic distribution .
Hill ( 1998 ) rigorously demonstrated that the " distribution of distributions " given by random samples taken from a variety of different distributions is , in fact , Benford 's law ( Matthews ) .
One striking example of Benford 's law is given by the 54 million real constants in Plouffe 's " Inverse Symbolic Calculator " database , 30 % of which begin with the digit 1 .
Taking data from several disparate sources , the table below shows the distribution of first digits as compiled by Benford ( 1938 ) in his original paper .
col. title 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 samples A Rivers , Area 31.0 16.4 10.7 11.3 7.2 8.6 5.5 4.2 5.1 335 B Population 33.9 20.4 14.2 8.1 7.2 6.2 4.1 3.7 2.2 3259 C Constants 41.3 14.4 4.8 8.6 10.6 5.8 1.0 2.9 10.6 104 D Newspapers 30.0 18.0 12.0 10.0 8.0 6.0 6.0 5.0 5.0 100 E Specific Heat 24.0 18.4 16.2 14.6 10.6 4.1 3.2 4.8 4.1 1389 F Pressure 29.6 18.3 12.8 9.8 8.3 6.4 5.7 4.4 4.7 703 G H.P. Lost 30.0 18.4 11.9 10.8 8.1 7.0 5.1 5.1 3.6 690 H Mol. Wgt. 26.7 25.2 15.4 10.8 6.7 5.1 4.1 2.8 3.2 1800 I Drainage 27.1 23.9 13.8 12.6 8.2 5.0 5.0 2.5 1.9 159 J Atomic Wgt. 47.2 18.7 5.5 4.4 6.6 4.4 3.3 4.4 5.5 91 K , 25.7 20.3 9.7 6.8 6.6 6.8 7.2 8.0 8.9 5000 L Design 26.8 14.8 14.3 7.5 8.3 8.4 7.0 7.3 5.6 560 M Reader 's Digest 33.4 18.5 12.4 7.5 7.1 6.5 5.5 4.9 4.2 308 N Cost Data 32.4 18.8 10.1 10.1 9.8 5.5 4.7 5.5 3.1 741 O X - Ray Volts 27.9 17.5 14.4 9.0 8.1 7.4 5.1 5.8 4.8 707 P Am. League 32.7 17.6 12.6 9.8 7.4 6.4 4.9 5.6 3.0 1458 Q Blackbody 31.0 17.3 14.1 8.7 6.6 7.0 5.2 4.7 5.4 1165 R Addresses 28.9 19.2 12.6 8.8 8.5 6.4 5.6 5.0 5.0 342 S , 25.3 16.0 12.0 10.0 8.5 8.8 6.8 7.1 5.5 900 T Death Rate 27.0 18.6 15.7 9.4 6.7 6.5 7.2 4.8 4.1 418 Average 30.6 18.5 12.4 9.4 8.0 6.4 5.1 4.9 4.7 1011 Probable Error
The following table gives the distribution of the first digit of the mantissa following Benford 's Law using a number of different methods .
What 's new in PHP V5.3 , Part 5 , Upgrading from PHP V5.2
Changes , compatibility , and deprecation
From the developerWorks archives
John Mertic
|
This " What 's new in PHP V5.3 " series covers new and exciting features in PHP V5.3 , which is scheduled to release soon .
Part 1 looks at the changes made to the object - oriented programming and object handling in PHP V5.3 , Part 2 looks at lambda functions and closures .
In Part 3 , we look at namespaces , which is one of the most anticipated and the most debated feature in this release of PHP .
In Part 4 , we take a close look at Phar , which is an archive format that can be used within PHP .
In this final part of the series , learn about things to consider when upgrading from PHP V5.2 .
There are changes that break backward - compatibility and features that are deprecated in PHP V5.3 for removal in future versions .
Some enhancements to existing features within PHP are also covered .
This content is no longer being updated or maintained .
The full article is provided " as is " in a PDF file .
Given the rapid evolution of technology , some content , steps , or illustrations may have changed .
View PDF file
In 1989 , Mr. Soderbergh helped put Sundance on the world cinema map with his debut feature , “ sex , lies and videotape . ”
That spring the movie was at Cannes , where it won the Palme d’Or ( beating out “ Do the Right Thing , ” among other titles ) .
A hungry little outfit called Miramax Films swooped down and grabbed it .
Image UNMADE BEDS  Déborah François and Fernando Tielve star in a film by the Argentine writer and director Alexis Dos Santos .
Credit ... Protagonist Pictures
Three years later , Miramax was bought by Disney .
Soon every big studio that did not have a boutique division opened one .
Prices for independently financed movies skyrocketed .
Harvey Weinstein became a media fixture , Quentin Tarantino became a rock star , and Parker Posey and Zooey Deschanel became Indie It Girls , while character actors like Sam Rockwell and Paul Giamatti became headliners .
Sundance veterans like Bryan Singer , Christopher Nolan and Mr. Soderbergh signed on for blockbuster duty .
Sponsors like Entertainment Weekly ( and The New York Times ) slapped their brand on the event , and the crowds poured in as the festival chatter shifted from questions of art to matters of industry .
For 10 days a year , Sundance turned into Hollywood in the snow , and real independent spirit seemed on the wane .
The industry was still in attendance this year , but the high - roller fever that has gripped the festival for the last decade has cooled .
Although this made for the most pleasant Sundance in memory , it also presents a host of unknowns .
If the studios do n’t buy independent films , fewer investors in turn may be inclined to bankroll projects , particularly those with bigger budgets .
Yet it is precisely those movies with heftier budgets , and the glossier production values and marquee - ready performers that can come with those budgets  like the ready - made entertainment and 2006 Sundance success story “ Little Miss Sunshine ”  that distributors believe can help bring in the increasingly finicky audience .
If the investors do n’t invest and the buyers do n’t buy , will the movies still be made , and what kind ?
Image IN THE LOOP  James Gandolfini in Armando Iannuccis political satire about the power plays that preceded the Iraq war .
Credit ... Nicola Dove
Films with no -name actors are a tough sell , as is anything considered too arty , brainy , bleak or dark , which is why much of the best work produced today either goes without American distribution or is released by smaller companies that do n’t require huge returns .
This was true when “ sex , lies and videotape ” hit , and it may be even truer now .
That does n’t mean that you wo n’t see some of the best work from this year ’s Sundance , including “ Unmade Beds , ” “ Big Fan , ” “ Big River Man ” and “ In the Loop , ” but it might mean that you ’ll see these titles only if you live in a large city , or when ( if ) they ’re released on DVD .
That is , if someone picks them up for American distribution .
Wow , that first video is pretty interesting ( well , both of them are really ) .
The Conduit has come a long way !
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
More
Email
Print
LinkedIn
Google
Pocket
If you are undecided between using free or paid web hosting for your website or blog then this article is for you .
Learn how your choice of hosting service can affect the performance and success of your website .
All this baffled my Chinese friend , and undoubtedly many of his countrymen , whose own success story has been scripted by an efficient state .
They are uneasy because their chief ally , Pakistan , is consistently linked to terrorism while across the border India ’s economy keeps rising disdainfully .
It puzzles them that the anger in India over the Mumbai attacks is directed against Indian politicians rather than Muslims or Pakistan .
The global financial crisis has definitely affected India ’s growth , and it will be down to perhaps 7 percent this year from 8.7 percent in 2007 .
According to my friend , China is hurting even more .
What really perplexes the Chinese , he said , is that scores of nations have engaged in the same sorts of economic reforms as India , so why is it that it ’s the Indian economy that has become the developing world ’s second best ?
The speed with which India is creating world - class companies is also a shock to the Chinese , whose corporate structure is based on state - owned and foreign companies .
I have no satisfactory explanation for all this , but I think it may have something to do with India ’s much - reviled caste system .
Vaishyas , members of the merchant caste , who have learned over generations how to accumulate capital , give the nation a competitive advantage .
Classical liberals may be right in thinking that commerce is a natural trait , but it helps if there is a devoted group of risk - taking entrepreneurs around to take advantage of the opportunity .
Not surprisingly , Vaishyas still dominate the Forbes list of Indian billionaires .
In a much - discussed magazine article last year , Lee Kwan Yew , the former prime minister of Singapore , raised an important question :
Why does the rest of the world view China ’s rise as a threat but India ’s as a wonderful success story ?
The answer is that India is a vast , unwieldy , open democracy ruled by a coalition of 20 parties .
It is evolving through a daily flow of ideas among the conservative forces of caste and religion , the liberals who dominate intellectual life , and the new forces of global capitalism .
The idea of becoming a military power in the 21st century embarrasses many Indians .
This ambivalence goes beyond Mahatma Gandhi ’s nonviolent struggle for India ’s freedom , or even the Buddha ’s message of peace .
The skeptical Indian temper goes back to the 3,500 - year - old “ Nasadiya ” verse of the Rig Veda , which meditates on the creation of the universe : “ Who knows and who can say , whence it was born and whence came this creation ?
The gods are later than this world ’s creation .
Who knows then whence it first came into being ? ”
When you have millions of gods , you cannot afford to be theologically narcissistic .
It also makes you suspect power .
But the agency warned its forecast may have to change if the recession gets deeper : " Clearly , if we are now heading for a prolonged and global outright recession , then the 0.5 pc global oil demand growth we now envisage for next year may not materialise , " the IEA said in its monthly report .
President Obama Says No to Tax Per Miles Driven
Last week I wrote about Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood ’s idea about imposing a federal tax on the American citizens for how many miles they drive .
Later that day President Obama ’s press secretary Robert Gibbs denied that President Obama supported this idea .
Certainly this is good news for the citizens of America but it does leave us with several questions .
The questions that come to mind are , why would Roy LaHood make a statement saying that a tax on miles driven should be looked into if he knew that President Obama opposed it ?
Did he know that the president opposed it ?
Is there miscommunication in the Obama administration ?
Was there a reason why this idea was leaked ?
Does Barack Obama truly oppose this tax ?
All of these questions are linked and I think that they can be answered together .
I think it is entirely likely that President Obama is floating out these trial balloons to see what the public reaction is to these types of proposals .
He has his Transportation Secretary leak out the idea of a miles driven tax to see what the reaction is to it .
With the public outcry against this idea he is then able to backtrack and deny that he was really looking into this tax .
He gets the best of both words .
President Obama and his administration are on the same page , they all know what is going on behind closed doors , so there is no miscommunication here .
I just find it too hard to believe that Obama ’s Transportation Secretary would introduce an idea that he knew Obama did n’t support .
He released this information with President Obama ’s support .
This was a deliberate feeling out process to gauge where the American people stood on this issue .
And they were not happy .
President Obama was then able to backtrack and claim he never supported this idea when in fact he knew that this idea was about to be floated .
President Obama saw the reaction and reacted to it .
He now opposes the idea of a miles driven tax but two questions still remain .
Did he support the miles driven tax before he saw the reaction to it ?
You have read my answer to that question .
And .
Will he support it in the future ?
You can probably guess what I think the answer to that question is .
I work as a tutor at a university , helping students with mathematics .
Lately , I 've been compiling some notes into a study guide .
I 'm using Mathtype for the math notation .
But , I was wondering if anyone knew of a piece of a software I 'd be able to use to make diagrams of the quality I see in math textbooks .
For example , I 'd like to be able to easily make a counting tree ( or a probability tree ) .
For the linear algebra course I 'd like to be able to construct diagrams involving planes , lines and vectors .
Looking for software recommendations to make math diagrams for a study guide for my students .
Bob Chapman | November 22 , 2008
Citigroup ’s problems are double AIG ’s , which has the taxpayers and investors on the hook for $ 170.4 billion .
We see AIG ’s problems at over $ 500 billion so that means Citigroup could be offside $ 1 trillion .
Citi is loaded with the same garbage AIG has .
That means both AIG and Citigroup are insolvent , and you will get to pay to bail out both of them .
CEO Pandit is an idiot and worse so is Citi ’s management .
Citi paid Pandit $ 800 million for his dying hedge fund .
Pandit made $ 185 million on the sale .
The fund is now closed .
Even though these firms are run by masters of the universe , they are dead meat .
Do you really believe the public is going to stand still for what may be two $ 500 billion to $ 1 trillion bailouts ?
That is what starts revolutions .
What very few know or understand is that the financial condition of the US is far worse than realized .
You have to get out of all dollar denominated assets with the exception of gold , silver , oil and gas stocks and Swiss Franc Treasuries .
Be very heavy in gold and silver coins .
Housing starts fell to a record low of 4.5 % in October and applications for building permits fell 12 % .
It looks like the builders after three years are finally getting the message .
Wait until you see how many of these builders go under .
Stay short our builder short recommendations .
The mortgage purchase applications index fell 12.6 % versus plus 9 % in the previous week .
The refi index rose 2.6 % versus 16.1 % .
The 30 - year fixed fell 7 bps to 6.16 % .
Credit Swiss has warned that two big commercial mortgages that had been packaged into securities in the past year that are likely to default .
Delinquencies of US commercial mortgage - backed securities edged up to 0.51 % last month from 0.45 % in September .
Borrowers are facing increased difficulty accessing capital to refinance maturing loans .
The spread in CMBX AAA Index is up another 65 bps to 635 bps , having surged 500 bps since September .
The Fed has lowered its 2008 GDP growth to zero from 1.3 % in June .
They see 2009 at 0.2 % .
We see it at minus 3 % .
PricewaterhouseCoopers
Trendsetter Barometer fell to a 16 - year low in the 3rd quarter of 2008 , with only 17 % of CEO ’s surveyed have a positive outlook .
That ’s 7 points lower than last quarter ’s 24 % .
That is a decline from 64 % in the 2nd quarter of 2007 .
CEO ’s pessimistic about the economy a year out rose to 41 % from 15 % yoy .
There is something wrong in the Fannie Mae / Freddie Mac agency bond market .
The spread has widened to 164 on 10 - year paper , yet there is an explicit guarantee on the paper .
Something is wrong .
The foreigners are sellers and we do not know why yet .
The big world economies and their governments are all engaging in financial corruption , bailouts , currency rigging and blatant unfair competition , which can only lead to trade wars .
Free trade is on the way out and it is only a matter of time before it is abandoned .
Citibank is liquidating its Corporate Special Opportunities hedge fund after it lost 53 % of its value last month .
This is Citi ’s 9th closure of a hedge fund in recent months .
SCO managed $ 4.2 billion at its peak , now has a net asset value of about $ 58 million and debt of about $ 800 million .
Investors will probably receive $ 0.10 on the dollar .
Genius CEO , Vikram Pandit , scores another failure .
This fund was so bad off that with a Citi $ 450 million line of credit and equity infusions of $ 320 million they still could n’t make it .
Investors have been locked in for a year and now will receive a pittance .
These are the Illuminist masters of the universe .
The tally of credit derivatives contracts outstanding globally fell 0.58 % in the week to Nov. 14 to 2.419 million , valued at a total of $ 32.519 trillion as of that day , the Depository Trust and Clearing Corp. reported Tuesday .
The total amount of CDS outstanding fell 0.5 % from $ 32.692 trillion in the week through Nov. 14 .
The clearinghouse also reported 14,145 contracts , worth $ 172.55 billion , were traded that week .
U.S. retail stores may be much less crowded this holiday season , as one research firm sees foot traffic sliding a record 9.9 percent as shoppers suffer from the weak economy and low consumer confidence .
US Building Permits decrease 12 % to 0.708 M in October .
Applications for U.S. home mortgages declined last week , with loans for purchases of single - family homes falling to their lowest level in nearly eight years , an industry group said on Wednesday .
The Mortgage Bankers Association said its seasonally adjusted composite index of mortgage application activity fell 6.2 percent to 398.6 in the week ended Nov. 14 .
The index was dragged lower as the MBA 's gauge of loan requests earmarked for home purchases tumbled 12.6 percent to 248.5 , the lowest level since the last week of December 2000 .
The index for refinancing applications edged higher to 1,281.2 from 1,248.4 in the previous week .
The U.S. housing slump , now in its third year , will likely linger as long as the mix of falling home prices and risky mortgages keep foreclosure rates rising , economists said .
The financial markets crisis that erupted in September and October has worsened the outlook , leading banks to pull back on already tight credit for mortgages and other loans .
Fixed 30 - year mortgage rates averaged 6.16 percent in the week , down 8 basis points from the prior week , the MBA said .
Factory activity in the U.S. Mid-Atlantic region fell to another 18 - year low in November , a survey showed on Thursday .
The Philadelphia Federal Reserve Bank said its business activity index fell to minus 39.3 from minus 37.5 in October .
Any reading below zero indicates contraction in the region 's manufacturing sector .
Wall Street economists had expected a reading of minus 35.0 , according to a Reuters poll .
Their 62 forecasts ranged from minus 45.0 to minus 24.8 .
The survey of factories in eastern Pennsylvania , southern New Jersey and Delaware is scrutinized as one of the first monthly indicators of the health of U.S. manufacturing .
A similar gauge for New York state tumbled in November to yet another record low in its seven - year history , the New York Federal Reserve said on Monday .
The number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits approached a 26 - year high , and a gauge of the economy 's future performance dropped , sending yields on benchmark Treasuries to record lows .
Initial jobless claims climbed to a higher - than - forecast 542,000 in the week ended Nov. 15 , the Labor Department said today in Washington .
The Conference Board 's index of leading economic indicators declined 0.8 percent , and a measure of manufacturing in the Philadelphia region fell to an 18 - year low .
The New York - based Conference Board said its monthly forecast of economic activity declined 0.8 percent in October , worse than the 0.6 percent decrease expected by economists surveyed by Thomson Reuters .
Over the last seven months , the index declined at a 4.7 percent annual rate , faster than any decline since 2001 .
A U.S. Senate subcommittee is opening a probe into causes of the global financial crisis , focusing in part on whether bond - ratings firms , driven by conflicts of interest , boosted mortgage investments which have since collapsed , the Wall Street Journal said .
The ranking Republican on the Senate 's Permanent Subcommittee on Investigation , Senator Norm Coleman , told the WSJ in an interview that investigators want to know whether competition among firms led them to issue certain ratings in order to win business from banks .
"
We 're going to look at the root causes of this , looking at whether the inherent conflict clouded the judgment of the agencies , " Senator Coleman said .
"
We 've instituted a number of initiatives to mitigate conflicts , " a Moody 's Investors Service spokesman told the paper .
McGraw - Hill Cos Inc's Standard & Poor's , Fimalac SA 's Fitch Ratings and Moody 's could not be immediately reached for comment by Reuters .
U.S. 30 - year mortgage rates fell to an average of 6.04 percent from 6.14 percent in the week ending Nov. 20 , while 15 - year mortgage rates dipped to an average of 5.73 percent from 5.81 percent last week .
One - year adjustable rate mortgages , or ARMs , also dropped in the week to an average of 5.29 percent from 5.33 percent last week .
Freddie Mac said the " 5/1 " ARM , set at a fixed rate for five years and adjustable each following year , fell to an average of 5.87 percent from 5.98 percent a week earlier .
A year ago , 30 - year mortgage rates averaged 6.20 percent .
15 - year mortgages 5.83 percent and the one - year ARM 5.42 percent .
The 5/1 ARM averaged 5.88 percent .
The Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia reported Thursday that its index of general business activity moved to - 39.3 from - 37.5 in October and 3.8 in September .
It had been expected to stand at - 38.0 .
The November reading was the worst since October 1990 .
Readings under zero denote contracting activity and describe the breadth of the change , but not the magnitude of the change seen by survey respondents .
Almost every aspect of the Philadelphia Fed report was beset by weakness .
And given that this report is one of the first looks at activity within a given month , the weakness could herald that more nasty numbers are coming over the next several weeks .
What 's more , " most of the survey 's indicators of future activity slid further into negative territory this month , suggesting that the region 's manufacturing executives expect continued declines over the next six months , " the report said .
The report showed the inflationary pressures actually contracted in the current month , for the first time since July 2003 , with the prices paid index moving to - 30.7 , from 7.2 , and the prices received index hitting - 15.5 , from 5.3 .
The bank 's employment index came in at - 25.2 , from - 18.0 , while the new orders index stood at - 31.4 , after - 30.5 in October .
The shipments index was - 18.8 , unchanged from the prior month .
The composite index of leading indicators declined 0.8 % in October , to 99.6 , according to preliminary estimates by the Conference Board on Thursday .
The leading index for August was revised slightly lower to show a gain of 0.1 % , instead of the 0.3 % first reported .
Over the six months through October , the leading index declined 2.4 % , considerably faster than the 1.2 % decrease over the previous six months .
" Taken together , the persistent and extensive deterioration of the composite indexes continues to suggest that the economy is unlikely to improve soon , and economic activity may contract further near term , " the Conference Board said in a statement .
In October , three out of the 10 indicators rose .
The largest positive contributors to the index were real money supply , the interest rate spread and manufacturers ' new orders for consumer goods and materials .
The most significant negative contributors were stock prices , building permits and the index of consumer expectations .
The index was equal to 100 in 2004 .
The Board also reported that the composite index of coincident indicators increased 0.2 % in October , to 105.6 , also from 100 in 2004 .
This follows five consecutive monthly declines .
Employees on nonagricultural payrolls had the largest negative contribution .
Over the six months through October , the index declined 1.2 % , with none of the four components advancing .
The index of lagging indicators was up 0.1 % in October to 113.3 .
Record injections of liquidity have driven the overnight lending rate between banks to less than half the 1 percent target set by officials last month .
The gap is shifting investors ' focus toward the amount of money in the banking system as a better gauge of Fed intentions .
Three - month T - Bills traded at 0.06 % yesterday , which was below the one - month 0.08 % yield .
This is a sign of extreme distress and fear .
Liquidity is still being hoarded .
Utmost safety is craved .
With T - Bill yields near zero , T - Bills are effectively cash .
If fact , cash is now better than owning T- Bills because cash has no counterparty or default risk and no maturity .
More companies that file for bankruptcy protection are shutting down , lawyers say , because they cannot obtain enough financing to operate while they reorganize .
Credit is so tight and things are so bad , that firms cannot declare bankruptcy !!!
Reworking loans to make ‘ payments affordable ’ without permanently reducing principal balances is the worst possible thing that can be done because it ensures the housing and foreclosure crisis will be with us for a long time .
If these programs are widely accepted , housing is a dead asset class indefinitely ... This style of modification does not sit well with owners of mortgage securities either , which make up the bulk of distressed mortgages .
This is because deferred interest , 40 - year terms and interest only teaser periods , greatly reduces the cash flows and lengthens the duration of the security .
As we predicted , the S&P 500 as a group generated $ 142.8 billion in operating earnings in the third quarter , down 22 % from the $ 184.1 billion in the same period in 2007 .
The plunge fell just short of the biggest third - quarter earnings drop in the history of the index .
Goldman forecasts S&P 500 earnings of $ 65 in 2009 .
In the severe bear markets and recessions of 1973 - 1975 and 1980 - 1982 the S&P 500 PE fell below 7 .
Those were periods of inflation ; now it ’s deflation .
Multiply $ 65 times 7 and you get an S&P 500 of 455 ( 806.58 yesterday ) .
Let ’s hope $ 65 is accurate .
Citigroup moved on Wednesday to end its troubled involvement with structured investment vehicles , bringing the last $ 17.4 billion in SIV assets back on to its balance sheet for a loss of $ 1.1 billion .
[ Anyone believe that the $ 17.4 billion of SIVs on Citi ’s balance sheet will show only a $ 1.1 billion loss over time ? ]
The global financial services industry faces an even bigger bloodbath than previously anticipated with job cuts now expected to hit 350,000 .
That is double the number of people who have already lost their jobs since the financial crisis led to frozen credit markets .
Banks are slashing back staff numbers around the world amid trillions of dollars in losses .
Executive search firm CTPartners says the job losses will amount to some 20 % of the global workforce before the financial crisis hit .
'This is the financial equivalent of World War Two , ' Brian Sullivan , chief executive of CTPartners , told Bloomberg .
' It 's unprecedented .
You 're seeing a seismic shift in the population of banking .
' Downey Financial Corp. , once a big provider of adjustable - rate mortgages , shrank back further from the home loan business today .
The Newport Beach - based parent of Downey Savings & Loan said it would eliminate its wholesale lending unit , meaning loans originated through brokers .
The company said it would cut back on in - house lending as well .
The moves will slash 200 jobs and could help Downey hold on to more of its cash at a time when it is under pressure from the U.S. Office of Thrift Supervision to raise more capital .
" Balance sheet shrinking is a classic way for a bank to strengthen itself , " said banking consultant Bert Ely in Alexandria , Va. Charles Rinehart , an S&L industry veteran who took over as Downey 's chief executive last month , is trying to keep the company afloat after it suffered massive losses on its adjustable - rate mortgages .
But pulling back from lending obviously is n't a growth strategy .
And Downey " still has to deal with the residual problem of the future credit losses on loans it made in the past , " Ely noted .
Downey 's ARMs included the now - infamous pay - option loans , which allowed homeowners to make such small monthly payments that their loan balances rose .
The firm 's nonperforming assets shot up from less than 3 % of total assets in August 2007 to about 14.7 % by the end of August , the latest data available .
The trend is slowly moving downward , though .
In June the number was 15.5 % .
Stung by outsize investment losses , some of the nation ’s biggest companies are pushing Congress to roll back rules requiring them to put more money into their pension funds , just two years after President Bush signed a law meant to strengthen the pension system .
The total value of company pension funds is thought to have fallen by more than $ 250 billion since last winter .
With cash now in short supply for companies , they are asking Congress to excuse them from having to replenish the required amounts .
Lawmakers from both parties seem receptive to the idea , and there was talk of adding a pension relief provision to the broad fiscal stimulus package Congress considered for this week ’s lame - duck session .
Pension relief for companies would also expose the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation to greater risk .
The federal guarantor is already operating at a deficit .
Companies do not dispute the risks , but they say that when Congress tightened the pension rules it did not take this year ’s unprecedented market turmoil into account .
If companies are now required to put new money into their pension funds , they say , they will not have the cash needed for business investments and payrolls .
The Massachusetts public pension fund lost 13.3 percent of its value as stock markets plunged in October , officials said yesterday , crediting its diversification with preventing deeper losses .
The state 's Pension Reserves Investment Trust was worth about $ 40 billion as of Oct. 31 , after one of the worst months for stocks in history .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 stock index fell 17 percent in October .
For the first 10 months of the year , the state fund is down 26.9 percent from its starting point of about $ 53 billion .
The average hit so far this year to large public pension funds is 28 percent , according to figures from the pension advisory firm Cliffwater LLC that the state provided .
In a recent report , Moody 's Investors Service estimated state and local systems have seen a 35 percent decline in their stock investments alone this year .
Travaglini said losses for the Massachusetts system on US stocks are 37 percent for the year so far , while international equities are down 42 percent .
Together , those two categories make up about half of the system 's total investments .
Offsetting those losses were better performance from bond holdings , down only 5 percent for the year , while private equity investments were off 2 percent and hedge funds were down 15 percent .
With the median price of Southern California homes down more than 40 % from its peak , the housing market has now slid further than most economists expected .
The median sales price for homes in the region fell to $ 300,000 in October , a level not seen since 2003 and a 41 % drop from the peak price set in the spring and summer of 2007 , according to San Diego - based MDA DataQuick .
Los Angeles County 's median home sales price was $ 355,000 , down 29 % from a year ago .
Prices were dragged down by the large number of foreclosed homes on the market .
For the first time since the slump began , repossessed properties in October accounted for more than half of residences sold .
Low prices did drive sales up 56 % from a year ago .
But a market bottom remains elusive , and a rebound in prices is not on the horizon .
Barring a dramatic economic reversal , the median sales price is on track to slip below $ 300,000 when November sales are calculated next month .
Christopher Thornberg , principal of Los Angeles consulting firm Beacon Economics , is among those who predicted a 25 % price decline last November , making him one of the more bearish forecasters at the time .
By March , he was estimating a 40 % decline .
Now he predicts that prices will keep dropping throughout 2009 , until they 've fallen 55 % from their peak .
Owners of higher - priced homes may put off selling during the early phases of a downturn , causing more expensive homes to decline in value at a slower rate .
But eventually many high - end owners have to sell at prices well below peak levels , Thornberg said .
Last month 's Case - Shiller Home Price Index , which tracks home sales by price tiers , showed that Los Angeles - area homes priced in the bottom third of the market had fallen 42 % from their peak prices by late last summer -- but those in the top third had dropped 21 % .
Freight shipping prices for transporting dry raw materials collapsed in November , slammed by the global financial crisis , slowing economic growth and falling commodity prices , industry experts said .
The Baltic Dry Index , an indicator of economic trends which tracks the cost of moving goods such as coal , iron ore and grain across the oceans , has slumped over the past five months .
The index hit a record high of 11,793 points in May but has since fallen back to earth , hitting just 815 points last week -- the lowest level since the end of 1999 .
" Anecdotal reports suggest a significant part of this has been due to difficulty in arranging trade finance as a result of the credit crunch rather than lack of demand , " they said " Demand for commodities has also undeniably slowed , particularly for iron ore into China , which has an overwhelming impact on the dry freight market .
" Meanwhile , the Baltic Panamax Index , comprising of seven dry bulk routes , nosedived to 662 points last week -- the lowest level since its creation in 1998 and compared with a record high 11,425 points five months ago .
Home prices fell in four out of every five U.S. cities in the third quarter , a record spurred by distressed foreclosure sales across the country .
The median price of a U.S. home declined 9 percent from a year earlier and sales of properties with mortgages in default accounted for at least a third of all transactions , the Chicago - based National Association of Realtors said today .
Prices fell in 120 U.S. metropolitan areas , rose in 28 and were unchanged in four , the biggest share of declines in data going back to 1979 .
The financial turmoil sparked by the collapse of the U.S. subprime mortgage market has caused $ 666 billion of losses for U.S. banks , lenders and insurers .
U.S. companies slashed 1.4 million jobs in the last six months , the biggest cut since 1975 .
The steepest price declines were all in California .
The area surrounding San Bernardino had a 39 percent fall in its median home price to $ 227,200 .
Sacramento saw a 37 percent decline to $ 212,000 , and San Diego had a 36 percent drop to $ 377,300 .
The U.S. median is $ 200,500 .
Elmira , New York , had the biggest price increase in the U.S. , with a 13 percent gain to $ 105,000 , according to the report .
Decatur , Illinois , rose 8.7 percent to $ 93,400 , and the median price in Bloomington , Illinois , grew 8.1 percent to $ 168,400 .
Foreclosures boosted U.S. sales of single - family houses and condominiums to 5.04 million in the third quarter at a seasonally adjusted annual rate , up 2.6 percent from the second quarter , the report said .
U.S. foreclosure filings totaled 279,561 in October , an increase of 25 percent from a year ago , according to Irvine , California - based RealtyTrac Inc .
They include default notices , pending auctions and repossessions .
The S&P / Case Shiller home price index that tracks 20 cities may tumble as much as 14 percent in 2008 and 7.8 percent in 2009 , Freddie Mac , the world ’s No. 2 mortgage buyer after Fannie Mae , said in a report this week .
Combined sales of new and existing homes probably will fall to 4.87 million , down 35 percent from the record 7.46 million sold in 2005 , McLean , Virginia - based Freddie Mac said .
Retail sales have tumbled every month since July , the longest series of declines in Commerce Department data going back to 1992 .
Consumer confidence fell last month to the lowest ever recorded , according to the New York - based Conference Board ’s index that began in 1967 .
Hedge funds worldwide shrank by 9 percent to $ 1.56 trillion last month , the lowest level in two years , after investors withdrew cash and stock markets declined .
Investors pulled $ 40 billion from hedge funds in October , according to Chicago - based Hedge Fund Research Inc. , while market losses cut industry values by $ 115 billion .
Investors withdrew $ 22 billion from funds of funds , which pool money to invest in hedge funds .
Hedge funds fell by an average 6 percent last month , pushing the year - to - date decline through October to 16 percent , according to the HFRI Fund Weighted Composite Index , which HFRI first published in 1990 .
In the same periods , the hedge - fund index outperformed the S&P 500 Stock Index , which decreased 17 percent last month , and 34 percent this year through October .
Funds run by Jeffrey Gendell and John Burbank III posted their worst monthly losses in October .
Peter
Thiel gave back gains made earlier in the year .
Nobel - prize winner Myron Scholes froze his biggest fund .
Gendell 's Tontine Capital Partners LP fund , based in Greenwich , Connecticut , plunged 65.7 percent in October , extending its decline for the year to 76.8 percent , according to investors .
Burbank 's Global Strategy fund fell 38 percent in the month and 44 percent year - to - date , according to a letter to clients of his San Francisco - based based Passport Capital Management LLC .
On Thursday US
Treasuries yields set new low records .
The 2 - year will yield .97 % and the 10 - year notes were 3.03 % .
They fell 9 bps and 31 bps respectively .
US credit default swaps main investment grade index widened 25 bps to a record 270 bps .
Saudi billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal plans to increase his stake in Citigroup Inc. to 5 percent after the bank , once the biggest in the U.S. , lost almost a quarter of its value yesterday .
Alwaleed , who owns less than 4 percent of the New York - based company , said in a statement he 's buying shares because he ``strongly believes that they are dramatically undervalued . ''
The stock fell to a 13 - year low of $ 5.42 in New York trading today .
Citigroup , buffeted by four straight quarterly losses , has raised about $ 75 billion since December by selling assets and equity stakes , including a $ 25 billion injection from the U.S. Treasury .
Alwaleed would have to spend about $ 350 million to boost his stake to 5 percent from 4 percent , based on yesterday 's closing price .
Shares of Warren Buffett 's insurance holding company are on the ropes this month , plunging 30 % in part because the famed investor dabbled in an area of the market he has long publicly derided : derivatives .
And due to a tangled web of financial relationships , they may be taking Goldman Sachs shares down with them .
Investors are concerned about a $ 37 - billion bet that Buffett made last year that US and world equity values would be higher in 15 to 20 years than they were then , when the Dow Jones Industrials were trading around 13,000 .
Through his firm , Berkshire Hathaway , Buffett sold option contracts , known as " naked puts " to an undisclosed group of investors for around $ 4.85 billion , reportedly using Goldman as broker .
Because of its solid - gold credit rating , Berkshire Hathaway was not required to put up collateral to make this trade .
But now rumors are flying on Wall Street that the owners of the contracts have demanded that broker Goldman Sachs put up collateral for the rest of the amount due .
Since the value of the trade could be infinite , the collateral demands are said to be large , and fears that Goldman will struggle to make good on its obligation has panicked shareholders .
Indeed one theory making the rounds this week is that Buffett put $ 5 billion into Goldman at around $ 125 per share in September not as an investment but to help provide funds for the collateral .
Is n’t this the oracle that called derivatives , ‘ financial weapons of mass destruction ’ ?
On Thursday , fear hit a new high as bonds soared 7 handles , the biggest rally on record , and 3 - month T- Bills traded at zero .
Next stop could be slightly negative T - Bill rates , which occurred briefly during the Great Depression .
Over the past three sessions , the 30 - year bond has exploded 10 handles .
Something is very wrong .
And those that insist that the fear of financial crisis ended in October are very , very wrong .
Fed ‘ Total Reserves ’ soared more than 50 % ( $ 415.743B to $ 652.858B ) during the past two weeks .
The monetary base has increased about 20 % in the two weeks ended November 19 .
The Adjusted Monetary Base ’s compounded annual rate of change for the average of two maintenance periods ending on November 19 is a Weimar - like 1441 % .
The 542,000 initial jobless claims filed last week is the greatest number since 1983 .
Continuing claims of 4.012 m are the first more than 4 million reading since January 1983 .
The current recession has already surpassed the unemployment metrics of the 19990 - 1992 recession .
The Philly Fed Index in November registered its lowest reading since October 1990 , its lowest employment reading since November 1990 , the lowest new orders reading since August 1980 , and the lowest prices - paid reading ever .
The fleecing knows no end … Nobody who knows anything about General Electric Co. actually believes it 's a AAA credit .
And yet the raters at Moody 's Investors Service and Standard & Poor 's continue to give GE their highest mark .
Meanwhile , the company just landed government insurance for as much as $ 139 billion of debt for its lending arm , GE Capital Corp. , which also is rated AAA .
If GE were really that strong , it would n't need the help .
The government is picking winners and losers .
Instead of just a couple giant government - sponsored enterprises , now we have dozens .
With so many beggars in Zegna suits lobbying for handouts , it 's easy to see why lots of Americans are aghast at what our country has become .
Hundreds of jumpers , blankets and gloves were donated A 20ft container filled with warm clothing has arrived in Hull after an Icelandic appeal to help pensioners who cannot afford to pay their fuel bills .
The appeal was started by a radio station after hosts of its morning show heard a warning that one in 12 British pensioners could die this winter .
Listeners to the Bylgjan station donated hundreds of garments made from unique Icelandic wool .
Age Concern said many pensioners in Hull were in " financial deprivation " .
Icelandic broadcaster Heimir Karlsson , who helped organise the Icelandic Wool to England appeal , said : " When we broadcast the story that UK pensioners were dying from the cold , our listeners could not believe their own ears .
This is a fantastic and generous act of compassion from the people of Iceland
Neil Duncan - Jordan , National Pensioners Convention
" We decided to give the Icelandic nation four days to fill a 20ft container of pure Icelandic wool for pensioners in Britain .
" Families , some from far away , came one after another with garments to fill the container . "
Neil Duncan - Jordan , of the National Pensioners Convention , said " This is a fantastic and generous act of compassion from the people of Iceland , particularly at a time when their own economic situation is extremely difficult .
" But it is also a shocking indictment of the UK Government 's complete inability to tackle properly the problem of winter deaths amongst older people . "
Sally Gould , from Age Concern , said : " There are approximately 40,000 older people in Hull who receive a state pension and roughly 30 % of those people are in some from of financial deprivation . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Church shooter gunning for liberals smiles while pleading guilty Associated Press
Published : Monday February 9 , 2009
Print This Email This KNOXVILLE , Tenn . ( AP ) --
An out - of - work truck driver smiled Monday as he pleaded guilty to killing two people and wounding six others at a Tennessee church last summer because he hated its liberal politics .
" Yes , ma'am , I am guilty as charged , " Jim D. Adkisson , 58 , told Criminal Court Judge Mary Beth Leibowitz before she sentenced him to life in prison without parole .
Adkisson was scheduled to stand trial next month in the July 2008 rampage at the Tennessee Valley United Unitarian Church in Knoxville , but decided to enter a plea deal that virtually guarantees he will never leave prison alive .
Public defender Mark Stephens said a mental health expert determined Adkisson was competent to make the plea , though Stephens was prepared to argue at trial that his client was insane at the time of the crime .
Adkisson believed entering the plea was " the honorable thing to do , " Stephens said .
Assistant District Attorney Leslie Nassios said Adkisson gave a statement to police and left a suicide note .
They showed he planned the attack on the church , where his ex-wife was once a member , because he hated the church 's liberal politics and Democrats , whom he believed " were responsible for his woes . "
The Unitarian Universalist church promotes progressive social work , including advocacy of women and gay rights .
Evidence would show Adkisson bought the shotgun a month before the attack , sawed off the barrel at his home and carried the weapon into the church in a guitar case that he bought two days before the shooting .
He had more than 70 shotgun shells with him and planned to keep firing until officers killed him , police have said .
But church members intervened and wrestled him to the ground .
Victims and church members wept as the prosecutor described the wounds that killed longtime church member Greg McKendry , 60 , who blocked the shots from hitting others , and retired English professor , Linda Kraeger , who had come to see the play .
The church honored them during a 60th anniversary celebration on Sunday .
Two survivors each lost vision in one eye , one was left in a coma for several days after the shooting and another has endured several follow - up surgeries since .
" I think I am going to move on , " said victim Tammy Sommers , 38 , who suffered a traumatic brain injury and only recently returned to work .
" But he is in prison ... and I want him to stay in prison . "
Several church members felt Adkisson showed no remorse .
" When he came into the courtroom , he had a look of sheer evil on his face .
He really did .
Evil as well as arrogance , " said Vicki Masters , who directed the children 's play .
The judge gave Adkisson a chance to talk to the congregation before sentencing him .
" No , ma'am , " he snapped .
" I have nothing to say . "
" He is in the right place , and I am very satisfied , " said Brian Griffin , who directs the Sunday school program .
" This is justice .
He is gone . "
John Bohstedt , one of the church members who tackled Adkisson , said he did n't believe Adkisson was insane , but was manipulated by rhetoric aimed at liberals .
" Unbalanced , yes .
Bitter , yes .
Evil , yes .
Insane , not in our ordinary use of the word , " Bohstedt said .
" There are a lot of people who hate liberals , and if we stir that around in the pot and on the airwaves , eventually there will be people ( like Adkisson ) ... who get infected by the violent rhetoric and put it into violent action , " he said .
Bohstedt said he was worried about future violence : " Do you think there are other Jim Adkissons out there listening to hate speech ?
I do . "
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - Time will not destroy “ The Terminator ” the way actor turned politician Arnold Schwarzenegger mangled everything he encountered when he starred in the 1984 action movie .
A poster from actor Arnold Schwarzenegger 's 1984 film " The Terminator " , directed by James Cameron , is shown in this undated publicity photograph .
The film was among 25 motion pictures listed for preservation on December 30 , 2008 by the U.S. Library of Congress , with other titles included " The Aphalt Jungle " ( 1950 ) , " Deliverance " ( 1972 ) , " A Face in the Crowd " ( 1957 ) and " In Cold Blood " ( 1967 ) .
REUTERS / Orion Pictures / Handout
The low - budget film , which spawned the popular catch - phrase “ I ’ll be back ” , was one of 25 movies listed for preservation on Tuesday by the U.S. Library of Congress for their cultural , historic or aesthetic significance .
The other titles included “ The Asphalt Jungle ” ( 1950 ) , “ Deliverance ” ( 1972 ) , “ A Face in the Crowd ” ( 1957 ) , “ In Cold Blood ” ( 1967 ) and “ The Invisible Man ” ( 1933 ) .
The library said it selected “ The Terminator ” for preservation because of Schwarzenegger ’s star - making performance as a cyborg assassin , and because the film stands out in the science fiction genre .
“ It ’s withstood the test of time , like ‘ King Kong ’ in a way , a film that endures because it ’s so good , ” Patrick Loughney , who runs the Library of Congress film vault , told Reuters .
In the film , artificially intelligent machines running the world send Schwarzenegger ’s character back in time to kill a woman named Sarah Connor , who is fated to give birth to a future resistance leader .
Made on a small budget of about $ 6.4 million and directed by James Cameron , who went on to make the 1997 blockbuster “ Titanic ” , “ The Terminator ” spawned two sequels and a 2008 television series called “ Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles ” .
A third movie sequel is due for release in 2009 .
Starring as the Terminator , Schwarzenegger popularized the phrases “ I ’ll be back ” and later “ Hasta la vista , baby , ” which found their way into popular culture and became the actor ’s personal catch - phrases .
Austrian - born Schwarzenegger , 61 , went on to star in two “ Terminator ” sequels and took comedic turns in movies such as the “ Kindergarten Cop ” and the “ True Lies . ”
In 2003 , he was elected governor of California .
The Library of Congress every year names films for preservation that represent the broad spectrum of American culture , and the movies are not necessarily the “ best ” U.S. films of all time , the Washington - based institution said .
When the Library of Congress names films for preservation , they enter the institution ’s vaults , where the prints are protected from shrinking , color fading and other damage that many films have suffered over the years .
The Library of Congress has 500 films in its registry .
But , wait :
The couple 's 22 - month - old son was supposed to be on the hotel 's pull - out sofa , watching TV .
Instead , according to a federal lawsuit filed this week in New Jersey , the toddler was choking on a used condom that had been left in their room before they checked in .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A 16 - year - old girl from Essex was fired after she described her office job as " boring " on her Facebook page .
Kimberley Swann , 16 , of Clacton , had been working at Ivell Marketing & Logistics , in Clacton , for three weeks before being fired on Monday .
" I think they 've stooped quite low , " she said .
The firm 's Steve Ivell said of the decision : " Her display of disrespect and dissatisfaction undermined the relationship and made it untenable . "
Miss Swann said : " You should n't really be hassled outside work .
It was only a throw - away comment .
She says Clacton is boring but we 're not going to throw her out of the house for it
Janette Swann
" I came home from work one day , sat on the computer and said something about my job being boring . "
Details were passed to her employers after she allowed colleagues access to her page , Miss Swann said , adding that she was not given the chance to explain .
Her mother , Janette , 41 , said : " I think she 's been treated totally unfairly .
She did n't mention the company 's name .
" This is a 16 - year - old child we 're talking about .
She says Clacton is boring but we 're not going to throw her out of the house for it . "
Mr Ivell said : " Ivell Marketing is a small , close - knit family company and it is very important that all the staff work together in harmony .
" Had Miss Swann put up a poster on the staff notice board making the same comments and invited other staff to read it there would have been the same result . "
TUC general secretary Brendan Barber said employers needed " thicker skins " in relation to social networking websites .
He said : " Most employers would n't dream of following their staff down the pub to see if they were sounding off about work to their friends . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Remember this billboard in Rancho Cucamonga that went up , then went down after complaints and pressure from residents to the city to the billboard company ?
Well , they sued .
The Freedom From Religion Foundation is suing the city because it says Redevelopment Director Linda Daniels , who is also named in the suit , contacted the billboard company telling it of the numerous complaints the city had received regarding the billboard and asked if the company could do anything .
" It does appear that the city was engaging in this officious intervention and has violated our free speech and our establishment clause rights , " said foundation co-President Annie Laurie Gaylor .
" They used their intimidation powers against the billboard company , I believe . " [ LA Times ]
Similar billboards by the group have been put up in 11 other states .
None have been taken down , but some were refused by billboard companies before they ever went up .
Actually , I 'm not very surprised at all .
They already started getting into the mobile handset arena , and like Microsoft , just can't fight the itch to just go a tad further and build something ( or at least contract someone else to build it , then they distribute it ) .
With a fleet of periscope - equipped panoramobiles to feed the Google Earth Overmind , and now Android permeating throughout the cell market ...
Google is our benevolent and glorious leader
Google is our benevolent and glorious leader
Google is our benevolent and glorious leader
Carbonated drinks recovered from a vessel sunk off the coast of Sri Lanka have been confirmed to be 168 years old , say Ocean Archaeology officers conducting research on items found in the wreck of what has been dubbed the “ Bottle Ship ” .
The vessel - 23 metres long and six metres wide - was discovered two months ago .
It is located 26 km off Kirinda , and lies at a depth of six metres .
Iron , brass and brick props have been used to support the vessel , whose woodwork has deteriorated over the years .
Nine types of bottles of varying size , shape and colours , including several unopened bottles containing a carbonated lemon beverage , were found among the recovered items .
The trade - marked bottles indicate they were manufactured by Clarke Romer & Co. Ceylon in 1840 .
The company had branches in Colombo and Kandy .
Advertisements appearing in the “ Examiner ” of 1846.10.07 and “ Prodens Fone Selanika ” on display at the Colombo Museum suggest that the company ’s product was in demand during a cholera epidemic .
The research team was led by W. S. Palitha Weerasinghe , A.M.A. Dayananda , W. M. Chandrasena and S.M. Nandadasa .
New South Wales farmers are being encouraged to start growing industrial hemp .
The Government recently passed legislation allowing the plant to be grown for use in products ranging from bio - fuel to dog food .
The Primary Industries Minister , Ian Macdonald , says measures have been put in place to prevent hemp crops being used to camouflage marijuana plantations .
" The licensing scheme is authorised by our Act of Parliament , " he said .
" It 'll require farmers who wish to grow industrial hemp to register to get a licence .
" That 'll mean that their properties will be then audited and inspected regularly to ensure compliance with the Act . "
Mr Macdonald says hemp growth could become a lucrative industry for NSW .
" Already we 've had over 200 farmers express interest in growing hemp across the state , " he said .
" It could become quite a significant crop in a very short period of time , particularly as various companies utilise the products of it for that broad range of products that can be created using industrial hemp as a base . "
SALEM --
Teachers should work some days without pay this spring to avoid early school closures , Gov. Ted Kulongoski said Thursday as he laid out his plan to keep the state solvent in the teeth of one of its worst recessions .
" The only way we 're going to get out of this is if everybody contributes , " Kulongoski said .
As for teachers : " You do it without pay . "
Highlights
State reserves and federal stimulus
Kulongoski expects about $ 1.4 billion in direct state budget aid from the federal stimulus bill and about $ 800 million from two state reserve accounts .
Of that $ 2.2 billion , he would spend $ 400 million immediately ; $ 900 million in 2009 - 2010 ; and $ 900 million in 2010 - 2011 .
Pay freezes or rollbacks
Step increases for state executives and managers have been canceled .
Those who already got raises this year will get a 5 percent pay cut .
Non-union employees will take one to four unpaid furlough days , depending on pay level .
The governor also takes a cut .
The governor said he would lead by example .
He pledged to work up to four days for free over the next four months and cut his $ 93,600 annual salary by 5 percent , for a total decrease of about $ 5,680 , sending the difference to the state school fund .
He also said that he would freeze salaries of 5,100 state agency managers and other non-union workers as of March 1 and that he would rescind step increases he approved earlier this year .
Kulongoski had one more headline announcement for lawmakers :
Do n't even think about dipping into state reserve accounts to balance the current budget .
" I will veto any bill that attempts to raid those funds during this legislative session , " Kulongoski said .
Pay freezes aside , his main strategy for shoring up the state budget is to spend a chunk of the state 's share of federal stimulus money this year .
Leaders of Oregon 's teachers union did not outright reject the governor 's suggestion of unpaid teaching days but said each district would have to figure out a balance between using reserves and other cost - saving measures .
" If we ask school folks to work for free , it means we are going to affect the economy even more greatly , " said Gail Rasmussen , vice president of the Oregon Education Association .
" These folks , too , are part of the fabric of their communities . "
Kulongoski's comments came one day after legislative budget leaders went public with a list of proposed cuts , including a reduction to public schools that would force many districts to close early by an average of five days .
There 's a reason for the swirl of budget announcements .
This morning , the state economist releases his revenue forecast for the remainder of the current budget , which runs through June , and for the next two years .
The news is expected to be bad .
Most predictions are for an $ 800 million hole in the current general fund budget , which had been pegged at $ 15.1 billion .
For the 2009 - 11 budget period , the expectation is $ 1 billion to $ 2 billion less than the $ 16 billion a year that lawmakers expected .
Kulongoski said lawmakers have a little more than a week to reach an agreement on balancing the current budget .
If they do n't , Kulongoski said , his only choice is to start making across - the - board cuts .
The governor acknowledged the political fireworks of cutting teacher pay or school days when the state is sitting on an estimated $ 800 million in two state savings accounts , one specifically for schools .
The budget picture is helped but complicated by the promise of more than $ 1 billion from President Barack Obama 's economic stimulus plan .
" This is not easy for me , " Kulongoski said .
He outlined a plan to use about $ 400 million of the stimulus money this year and a combination of stimulus cash and reserve funds over the next two years .
Although his plan does n't make schools whole this year , Kulongoski said it positions the state to weather what is expected to be an even harsher period .
" Oregon is a family , " Kulongoski said , " and we have to be smart , prudent and responsible if we 're going to keep our family whole through these trying times . "
Reaction was mixed .
Democratic leaders applauded the governor for what they said was a responsible approach to extreme conditions .
" Shared sacrifice must be the model , " said House Majority Leader Mary Nolan , D - Portland .
But Republicans and advocates for the poor said the governor fell short .
House Minority Leader Bruce Hanna , R- Roseburg , complimented Kulongoski for ordering state pay freezes but said he should also require all legislators , state office holders and agency directors to contribute to their health insurance premiums .
And Hanna said reserve accounts should be tapped for schools .
" Unlike the governor , we will not support cutting a single school day this year , " Hanna said .
" Oregon must not break its promise to our kids . "
Kulongoski , too , said he thinks most school districts can avoid early closures .
The governor proposes spending about $ 70 million more of the federal stimulus this year than the budget offered by legislative leaders Wednesday .
Some of that would help offset the need to end classes early .
Kulongoski said he is budgeting conservatively to avoid a recurrence of the last recession .
In 2002 , the year Kulongoski was elected to his first term , the Legislature held five special sessions to cut budgets as revenues fell short by more than $ 2 billion .
" That was a disaster , " Kulongoski said .
He said things could get even worse over the coming two years .
If current economic trends continue , he said , " You are looking at the state losing one - third of its general fund . "
Betsy Hammond of The Oregonian contributed to this story .
- Harry Esteve ; harryesteve@oregonlive.com
www.oregonlive.com/politics
The Money Masters – How International Bankers Gained Control of America
3hours 35 mins 19sec
Video games remain big business , and casual games are becoming an increasingly large slice of the industry 's pie .
Near the end of last year , online super - merchant Amazon.com purchased the casual game developer and portal Reflexive , and the industry wondered what fruit it would bear .
We now know : Amazon is announcing the launch of its own casual games portal , with 500 games ready to download .
For the first week , visitors will even be able to grab three games for free : Jewel Quest 2 , Build a Lot , and The Scruffs .
That , along with the ability to try every game before you buy , should be enough to entice fans of casual gaming to check out Amazon 's offerings .
It also looks like this could be Amazon 's first step into the world of digital distribution for video games .
" It makes sense to start in casual games , " Greg Hart , Amazon VP of video games and software told Ars .
" The games are smaller ... it's a good complement for our demographic . "
He adds that whether or not Amazon moves into " core " PC gaming remains to be seen .
What 's surprising is that the king of casual games , PopCap , wo n't be included in the launch .
" We 've been talking to them , and we hope to have them in the future , " Hart told us .
We contacted PopCap to ask them directly about Amazon 's foray into their home turf .
" They certainly have an audience that 's a fit for casual , " Garth Chouteau of PopCap Games told Ars .
" It make sense for them to make games available to the millions of people who visit their site ....
It seems to me quite likely that we will be able to count them as an online distribution partner , in the way we do a Yahoo games or a Real Arcade . "
The pieces are in place for Amazon to be a formidable competitor .
The brand awareness of the site can't be underestimated , and Reflexive brought with it a large library of games and the know - how to run a sales portal to move them .
Both Amazon and PopCap all but confirmed that games such as Bejeweled 2 and Peggle Nights would be coming to the service , and Hart is n't coy about the possibility of moving into the world of bigger - budget PC games .
Amazon is reluctant to talk about its power in the world of gaming .
" We do n't divulge that .
What I can tell is that we 've been in the game space for two and a half years , since 2006 , and we 've continued to outpace market growth , " Hart told Ars .
In 2006 , Amazon began selling games directly , splitting from the past deal where Toys R Us sold games through the site .
It was a good move , and Amazon has since become the preferred retailer for a large number of gamers , not to mention a popular place to sell used games for consumers fed - up with the low trade - in values offered by retailers such as GameStop .
This casual games portal is a safe way for Amazon to test the waters of digital distribution , and the gaming world will keep a steady eye on what the retail giant does next .
MUNICH , Germany , Feb. 7 ( UPI ) -- Russia must be included in European security structures , German Chancellor Angela Merkel says .
Speaking at the 45th Munich Conference on Security Policy Saturday , Merkel said it was in the continent 's best interests to involve Russia in its future security measures , RIA Novosti reported .
Advertisement
Merkel said attention should be paid to an initiative forwarded by Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on discussing a new security set - up for the continent , the news agency said .
Here 's a response from OldBuddy :
[ Quote ]
I 'm sure they 're not the only ones either , just the most popular .
If you think about what they do it should be obvious to anyone who takes part in the rip off .
Oh I 'm not saying they cheat the people who join , of course they would n't do that !
The scam is perpetrated against the poor advertiser that is offering a nice bonus for people to try their product or service .
These are honest businessmen and women who are just trying to make an honest buck and are willing to give in order to receive .
So along comes CashCrate and TreasureTrooper to exploit them , just like Fagin in Oliver Twist ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oliver_Twist ) .
Instead of picking up street orphans to train as pickpockets , they find Internet Surfers and train them instead .
They teach them to sign up for theses offers and just before they have to pay , cancel everything and bring the money back to CashCrate and TreasureTrooper so you can keep a share .
Who do you think is making all the MONEY ????
Just like Fagin , they have everyone scrambling to get a piece of the ill gotten gains .
[ Unquote ]
Good luck !
Sixteen days into its attack , Israel continues to bombard all areas in the Gaza strip from F16s , Apache helicopters , ships and tanks .
Weapons used against our people include white phosphorus rockets , made in America , which burn the skin black and destroy human soft tissue completely .
Now we can hear shooting around the outskirts of Gaza City .
Ninety per cent of the targets attacked are civilian .
Of nearly 900 confirmed dead , 32 % are children .
More than 40 % of the 4,000 wounded are children , while medical centres and 13 ambulances have been destroyed .
Hamas is not the only group fighting against this aggression : its fighters are joined by members of Islamic Jihad , the PFLP and Fatah .
But the popularity of Hamas has increased during the invasion .
Every occupied people has the right to resist if negotiation fails .
People know very well that those who took the other path – of negotiation without resistance – got nothing from it : only more settlements , checkpoints , killings , prisoners and occupation without end .
We have made clear our conditions for a ceasefire : a halt to the aggression , full withdrawal and the lifting of the siege .
We have rejected any international force inside the Gaza Strip , but international monitoring at the crossings can be discussed .
However , last week 's UN security council resolution has given a green light for the Israelis to continue their killing under an international umbrella .
Now that their massacres of women and children and their destruction of schools and mosques have been exposed before the world , the Zionists ' propaganda machine is trying to discredit our liberation struggle more desperately than ever .
Through flagrant misquotation and mistranslation , they have falsely claimed that Hamas leader Mahmoud Zahar has called for the killing of Jewish children around the world and attacks on synagogues .
He did no such thing – nor would any Hamas spokesman .
Such a call would be against Islam and the teachings of the Prophet , who prohibited the killing of children and attacks on places of worship .
And from the beginning of our struggle , Hamas has always insisted that its operations are restricted to the field of battle , Palestine itself .
What Dr Zahar did do is warn that by carrying out these barbaric massacres of children and women , and by destroying our mosques , the Zionists are creating the conditions for people to believe it is justified or legitimate to take revenge .
That is not the call of Hamas .
Dr Zahar did not even mention " Jews " in his comments .
And throughout this latest offensive , hundreds of Palestinian children have been killed , while not a single Israeli child has died .
Our struggle is not against the Jewish people , but against oppression and occupation .
This is not a religious war .
We have no quarrel with the Jewish people .
We welcome and appreciate the stand taken by leading Jewish figures in Britain and around the world against Israel 's aggression against Gaza and for the rights of our people .
It is also not the case , as has been claimed , that Hamas is seeking to enforce sharia law in Gaza : we respect the democratic process and individual rights .
The continuing attempt to discredit and demonise Hamas by Israel , and its US backer , cannot hide the real atrocities and massacres they are now inflicting on our people .
Hamas and its administration in Gaza remains intact , despite the devastation .
This aggression will not succeed .
Basim Naim is the minister of health in the Hamas government in Gaza .
netjeff.com Humor collection 46
Things that never happen in Star Trek
Ad : netjeff recommends rShopping app for Android , for your shopping list needs .
46 Things that never happen in Star Trek
1 ) The Enterprise runs into a mysterious energy field of a type that it has encountered several times before .
2 ) The Enterprise goes to check up on a remote outpost of scientists , who are all perfectly all right .
3 ) The Enterprise comes across a Garden - of - Eden - like planet called Paradise , where everyone is happy all the time .
However , everything is soon revealed to be exactly as it seems .
4 ) The crew of the Enterprise discover a totally new lifeform , which later turns out to be a rather well - known old lifeform , wearing a silly hat .
5 ) The crew of the Enterprise are struck by a strange alien plague , for which the cure is found in the well - stocked sick - bay .
6 ) An enigmatic being composed of pure energy attempts to interface to the Enterprise 's computer , only to find out that it has forgotten to bring the right leads .
7 ) A power surge on the Bridge is rapidly and correctly diagnosed as a faulty capacitor by the highly - trained and competent engineering staff .
8 ) A power surge on the Bridge is fails to electrocute the user of a computer panel , due to a highly sophisticated 24th century surge protection feature called a ' fuse ' .
9 ) The Enterprise ferries an alien VIP from one place to another without serious incident .
10 ) The Enterprise is captured by a vastly superior alien intelligence which does not put them on trial .
11 ) The Enterprise separates as soon as there is any danger .
12 ) The Enterprise gets involved in an enigmatic , stange , and dangerous situation , and there are no pesky aliens they can blame it on in the end .
13 ) The Enterprise is captured by a vastly inferior alien intelligence which they easily pacify by offering it some sweeties .
14 ) The Enterprise is involved in a bizarre time - warp phenomenon , which is in some way unconnected with the 20th century .
15 ) Somebody takes out a shuttle and it does n't explode or crash .
16 ) A major Starfleet emergency breaks out near the Enterprise , but fortunately some other ships in the area are able to deal with it to everyone 's satisfaction .
17 ) The shields on the Enterprise stay up during a battle .
18 ) The Enterprise visits the Klingon Home World on a bright , sunny , day 19 ) An attempt at undermining the Klingon - Federation alliance is discovered without anyone noting that such an attempt , if successful , " would represent a fundamental shift of power throughout the quadrant . "
20 ) A major character spends the entire episode in the Holodeck without a single malfunction trapping him / her there .
21 ) Picard hears the door chime and does n't bother to say " Come . "
22 ) Picard does n't answer a suggestion with " Make it so " !
23 ) Picard walks up to the replicator and says , " Coke on ice . "
24 ) Counsellor
Troi states something other than the blindingly obvious .
25 ) Mood rings come back in style , jeopardizing Counselor Troi 's position .
26 ) Worf and Troi finally decide to get married , only to have Kate Pulaski show up and disrupt the wedding by shouting , " Did he read you love poetty ?!
Did he serve you poisonous tea ?!
He 's MINE ! " 27 ) When Worf tells the bride officers that something is entering visual range no one says " On screen . "
28 ) Worf actually gives another vessel more than 2 seconds to respond to one of the Enterprise 's hails .
29 ) Worf kills
Wesley by mistake in the holodeck , ( pity this was n't done in " Deja Vu " then we could have seen it 5 times without rewinding the tape ) .
30 ) Wesley Crusher gets beaten up by his classmates for being a smarmy git , and consequently has a go at making some friends of his own age for a change .
31 ) Wesley saves the ship , the Federation , and the Universe as we know it , and EVERYONE is grateful ( including the Net ) .
32 ) The warp engines start playing up a bit , but seem to sort themselves out after a while without any intervention from boy genius Wesley Crusher .
33 ) Wesley Crusher tries to upgrade the warp drive and they work better than ever .
34 ) Beverly Crusher manages to go through a whole episode without having a hot flush and getting breathless every time Picard is in the room .
35 ) Guinan forgets herself , and breaks into a stand up comedy routine .
36 ) Data falls in love with the replicator .
37 ) Kirk ( or Riker ) falls in love with a woman on a planet he visits , and is n't tragically separated from her at the end of the episode .
38 ) The Captain has to make a difficult decision about a less advanced people which is made a great deal easier by the Starfleet Prime Directive .
39 ) An unknown ensign beams down as part of an away team and lives to tell the tale .
40 ) Spock or Data is fired from his high - ranking position for not being able to understand the most basic nuances of about one in three sentences that anyone says to him .
41 ) Kirk 's hair remaining consistent for more that 1 consecutive episode .
42 ) Kirk gets into a fistfight and does n't rip his shirt .
( Or even , Kirk DOESN 'T get into a fistfight ... )
43 ) Kirk does n't end up kissing the troubled guest - female before she does n't sacrifice herself for him .
44 ) Scotty does n't mention the laws of physics 45 ) Spock ( or Data ) is n't the only crew member not affected by new weapon / attack by alien race / etc !!
due to his " darn green blood " or " bizarre Vulcan physiology " ( or positronic brain ) and thus he cannot save the day .
46 ) The episode ends without Bones & Kirk laughing at Spock 's inability to understand the joke , and he does n't raise his eybrow .
Categories for this item : Star Trek , Science Fiction
As much as I resist promoting Kickstarter projects , I just ca n’t help myself here .
There ’s just so much fun to be had with this OpenCV hardware .
Bold claims are made around the setup - to - running time , but even if those are exponentially wrong , it ’s still a massive win assuming they actually come to market .
Although , given that it ’s about $ 460 k over the [ … ]
THE popularity of Google ’s search engine in the United States just grows and grows .
In the past three years , its market share gains have even been accelerating , making some people wonder whether the company will eventually obliterate what remains of its competition in search .
Certainly , antitrust scrutiny is a growing worry at the Googleplex .
Last year , the company abandoned a proposed advertising pact with Yahoo when the Justice Department said it would file an antitrust lawsuit to block the deal .
Last week , a small Web site operator , TradeComet.com , filed an antitrust suit against Google , accusing it of unfairly manipulating its advertising system to harm a potential competitor .
And when I asked to speak with Google ’s chief economist about why Google ’s market share gains were accelerating , Google ’s press office also gave me , unrequested , a second , separate appointment with Dana Wagner , the company ’s “ competition counsel ”  that is , its point person on antitrust issues .
Google maintains that its lead in the Web search market is tenuous , saying that with a simple click of a mouse , a user ’s loyalty could evaporate at any moment .
* * *
Venezuela : Right - wing seeks to undermine November 23 elections
Chavez said that the opposition is preparing “ violent acts in November and December .
This revolution is armed and the people are ready to defend the process .
Make no mistake . ”
Chavez was addressing a mass meeting in Caracas ’s Teresa Carreno auditorium to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the birth of former Chilean president Salvador Allende , whose government was overthrown in a US - backed coup in 1973 .
November 15 , 2008 -- Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has warned that the right - wing opposition in his country is planning destabilisation actions during the November 23 elections for state governors and mayors , according to the November 12 Ultimas Noticias .
Chavez also denounced US interference in the recent municipal elections in Nicaragua .
“ Shut up , Bush ” , Chavez said , while expressing hope that US president - elect Barack Obama was “ not going to follow the same old comedy ” and would “ take his proper place in history , forget about imperialism , about trampling all over the world bombing villages ” .
Chavez said he hoped Obama would dedicate himself to forming “ a government that would work in harmony with the rest of the world ” .
Chavez had earlier denounced plans by the opposition to refuse to recognise the possible triumph of candidates of the United Socialist Party of Venezuela ( PSUV ) in the crucial , oil - rich western state of Zulia , where right - wing leader Manuel Rosales is retiring as governor .
Chavez claimed that “ the unpatriotic Venezuelan bourgeoisie are going around making desperate moves , above all here in Zulia , where the continuity of their domination is in danger ” , Ultimas Noticias reported .
“ When support for [ PSUV ] candidate [ Gian Carlo di Martino ] keeps rising so strongly , they go around frightening people and saying that an electoral fraud is being prepared .
Now they are preparing the ground to not recognise the possible victory of Di Martino , in order not to recognise the triumph of the Bolivarians ” , Chavez added .
“ They want to ignite the country again through provocations .
They are going around looking for the military to stage another coup d’etat ” , Chavez argued .
“ They are going around looking for paramilitaries in Colombia to infiltrate our country with the intention of destabilising it . ”
Chavez is leading a campaign of mass rallies and marches ( caravanas ) in support of PSUV candidates all around Venezuela .
At large rallies of red-T - shirted supporters , Chavez has called for people to mobilise to vote on November 23 , emphasising that “ PSUV candidates are my candidates ” .
According to the November 9 Ultimas Noticias , Chavez told a large crowd in Valencia the previous day : “ We will not rest until we win .
We will fight the battle to the end . ”
Chavez has stressed the need to combat abstention by people who had overwhelmingly supported his government in the past , such as in December 2006 when he was re-elected president with 63 % of the vote .
One year later , a high level of abstention by Chavez supporters resulted in the narrow defeat of a referendum over proposed constitutional changes that aimed to dramatically deepen the revolutionary process .
Other rallies and meetings have expressed strong support for PSUV candidates .
On November 8 , a big public meeting of Latin American immigrants living in Venezuela , especially Colombians , enthusiastically endorsed the revolutionary process and the PSUV as a unifying force for the continent , according to the November 9 Diario Vea .
A mass meeting of “ people of the third age ” ( retirees and the elderly ) supported PSUV candidate for mayor of greater Caracas , Aristabulo Isturiz , on November 9 , the following day ’s Diario Vea reported .
Summing up the campaign , PSUV director Dario Vivas stated : “ Now , the only thing discussion is how to mobilise the people : From door knocking to mass action , there are various ways of closing the campaign . ”
Like many first - time parents , Matt and Liz Logelin were understandably nervous .
Two months before her due date , Liz was put on bed rest in early March to keep from going into labor prematurely .
Twice , she was wheeled into the delivery room , and twice , the baby changed its mind .
So when baby Madeline finally arrived on March 24 , small but healthy , the entire family breathed a sigh of relief .
Then the unthinkable happened .
Liz , 30 , passed out the next day on her way to hold her daughter for the first time .
Within minutes , the young mother was dead from a blood clot no one knew she had developed .
Suddenly , Matt Logelin was facing life as a new dad and a 30 - year - old widower all at once .
As his world fell apart , Logelin turned for solace to the Internet , which has become an unexpected lifeline for many sharing joy or grief .
In his case , both .
He told their story in a blog , www.mattlogelin.com, which he subtitled : " Life and death .
All in a 27 - hour - period . "
Living in Los Angeles , he had been using the blog to keep friends and family in Minnesota up to date on Liz 's pregnancy .
But his online journal , with its spare prose and poignant photos , has taken on , in his words , " a life of its own . "
Logelin grew up in Minnetonka , along with his wife , the former Elizabeth Goodman .
" I knew that people were going to be able to read this .
I did n't think anybody would .
" I figured it would just be the family , " he said .
But he has heard from hundreds of friends around the country , lots of old school pals of his and hers , all sharing kind words .
Strangers have been so moved by his online writing that they have reached out via e-mail from other states , or for a few , from around the world , offering empathy and parenting tips .
" For me , it 's been helpful to kind of talk about this stuff , " said Logelin , who married Liz , his high school sweetheart , in 2005 .
" Every day I have to deal with this thing that 's missing in my life . "
Sharing hopes
Two months ago , when he started blogging about the pregnancy , Logelin posted a photo of Liz standing in profile , grinning , pointing to her swollen belly .
At the time , he said , Liz was in perfect health -- a runner , a financial executive at Disney , always on the move .
She was put on bed rest for the baby 's sake , after an ultrasound showed trouble with the baby 's umbilical cord .
In his first entries , Logelin tried to keep the mood light and irreverent .
March 6 : Coming soon ... baby Madeline Elizabeth Logelin ...
Oh man ... she 's coming , albeit a little earlier than expected .
March 13 : We 're playing the waiting game .
We 've crossed our fingers , toes and eyes to ensure that Madeline stays inside for two more weeks .
March 24 : Madeline has arrived ! ... Madeline met mom .
Mom met Madeline .
I cried a little ...
Doctors say everything is good .
The next posting , on March 28 , is his wife 's funeral notice .
Liz had seemed fine after delivering the baby by C- section , her husband recalled .
Before Madeline was whisked away to the newborn intensive care unit , Liz was able to catch a happy first glimpse of her first child .
She was told to stay in bed until the next day , when Matt and a nurse got ready to take her to see Madeline .
" Are you ready to go ? " the nurse asked .
Liz said yes , turned to sit in the wheelchair , and suddenly said : " I feel light headed . "
She passed out and never regained consciousness .
Pulmonary embolisms , or blood clots in an artery of the lung , are known risks of pregnancy , especially for women on prolonged bed rest .
But in 21st - century America , they are rarely deadly in childbirth -- about 60 cases a year , according to the National Center for Health Statistics .
" No one to blame , " her husband wrote later .
The next few weeks , as friends and relatives flocked to his side , Matt Logelin confided his thoughts and fears on the blog .
Seeking support April 4 : ( Madeline is ) 4 lbs now .
Even more beautiful ... than the day she was born .
She eases the pain we all feel .
April 7 : She could be coming home soon .
Which is good and bad .
Good ' cause she 's doing better than expected ... bad , ' cause I 'm not quite ready ( to do this on my own . )
When Madeline was released from the hospital April 8 , Matt was put in a wheelchair to carry his daughter on his lap .
It was a hospital rule for discharging newborns , he discovered , and he felt sad and awkward at the same time .
I 've seen lots of new moms leaving the hospital in a wheelchair pushed by a nurse .
Proud papas snapping photos .
... I 've been feeling a little jealous .
He described how one of Liz 's friends snapped pictures instead .
People had no idea what to think ...
A man in a wheelchair holding a baby ... making the momma walk and take photos ...
An old lady glared at me .
Little did they know .
The first night home with the baby , " I was kind of freaking out , " he said , and sought advice from other parents on Cribsheet , the Star Tribune 's parenting blog .
I 'm a proud new father ... doing it on my own ( my wife passed away the day after our baby was born ) .
...
It 's been a tough two weeks .
Since then , he said , " I 've gotten some really good advice from strangers " ( such as how to stay dry while changing diapers ) .
He 's also been flooded with gifts and donations .
But he said he 's not seeking that kind of help .
" I could give her a new outfit every day and she would never wear them all , " he said .
" I 'm not asking for anybody to do anything like that . "
Mostly , he has used his own online journal to capture the surreal and mundane moments of his new life .
When he walks into a bank , a conversation with a clerk leaves them both in tears .
I 'm really sick of crying ( and I feel bad that I ruin everyone 's day ) .
Binding family closer
Occasionally , he 'll revel in success : Somehow I have n't broken her or screwed anything up ( yet ) .
Or in his insecurities .
I can't help but think that Madeline lost the better of her two parents .
...
It 's obvious that Liz passed her good looks on to Madeline .
But I 'm left here to make sure that her hair gets braided , that her clothes match .
...
Come on , is this anyway to treat your wingman ?
Would Maverick do this to Goose ?
Maybe to Iceman .
But to Goose ?
Top Gun references aside ( although they are timely , as Val Kilmer wants to be New Mexico's governor ) , when Barack Obama had a chance to clear Joe Biden 's name last night – in front of the whole nation – he passed .
Some would say the president threw Joe under a bus .
Prediction
Last week we told you about Joe Biden 's really candid remarks to House Democrats that " If we do everything right ... there ’s still a 30 - percent chance we ’re going to get it wrong . "
He was discussing challenges facing the administration .
Frankly .
Linkage
It was a catchy sound bite , sure .
But it was n't getting much traction until CNN's Wolf Blitzer incorrectly said the vice president was specifically talking about the economic stimulus package .
Playing the video clip to Obama adviser David Axelrod , Blitzer said , “ That ’s not very encouraging .
A one - in - three chance that even if the president gets everything he wants , it ’s still going to be wrong ? ”
Axelrod had no idea what Biden was talking about and quickly shifted the conversation .
Video everywhere
Although the conservative blogosphere took great delight in Blitzer 's conversation and quickly posted the video everywhere , most of the mainstream media held back , including the Washington Times .
But , just like the urban legend of waking up in a bathtub full of ice only to discover your kidneys have been removed , the idea that Biden was predicting a 30 percent failure rate for the economic stimulus bill is what stuck .
Question
FOX News reporter Major Garrett asked the president last night what Biden was talking about .
" Can you at least reassure them it was n't the stimulus bill or the bank rescue plan – ( laughter ) – and if in general , you agree with that ratio of success , 30 percent failure , 70 percent success ? " he asked .
Answer
Here 's the chance for the president to set the record straight .
To vindicate the vice president .
After all , as Rod Blagojevich said , " The truth will set you free . "
Instead , the president offered , " You know , I do n't remember exactly what Joe was referring to , " he said to laughter .
" Not surprisingly . "
" But let me try this out , " the president said valiantly trying to come up with something .
" I think what Joe may have been suggesting , although I would n't put numerical – I would n't ascribe any numerical percentage to any of this – is that given the magnitude of the challenges that we have , any single thing that we do is going to be part of the solution , not all of the solution . "
Hieroglyphics
What ?
Exactly .
Quotes are far less inflammable when they can't be deciphered .
Will the VP follow suit ?
Probably not .
Unless , just like the campaign , they forbid him to ad lib .
To be continued ...
Bush 's Only Gift to America George W. Bush ’s gift to the American Republic may be that he has discredited a host of right - wing theories and practices – “ trickle - down economics ” ; “ self - regulating markets ” ; “ tough - guy ” foreign policy ; the “ imperial presidency ” ; and the notion that “ government is the problem . ”
Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly
As the United States gazes out on the wreckage of the past eight years – a $ 1.2 trillion ( and growing ) budget deficit , 7.2 percent ( and rising ) unemployment , two open - ended wars , a sullied U.S. image abroad , environmental degradation and a world that seems to be ripping apart – the hope must be that Bush has so tarnished these policies , which trace back to Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan , that they will never be tried again .
If that is the lesson that the United States learns , then Barack Obama ’s election truly could mark the end of an era and the start of something very different .
However , if Obama and the Democrats fail to drive these lessons home – if they let bygones be bygones – they are courting a huge risk in that the same behavior could reemerge and the misjudgments could reoccur .
So far , it appears that President - elect Obama is so set on making friends with Washington ’s corrupt Establishment – from dinner with neoconservative columnists like Charles Krauthammer to coffee with the Washington Post ’s editorial board , which avidly supported the Iraq War – that he may be missing the opportunity for a genuine transformation .
Rather than confronting the architects of America ’s debacles and decline , Obama is currying favor with them .
He ’s even equivocating over whether Bush and his subordinates should be held accountable for criminal behavior , like torture and aggressive war , violations of longstanding American principles .
It ’s possible that Obama is engaged in a tactical maneuver , keeping these pooh - bahs at bay or at least delaying their fury until they see their Establishment interests challenged .
But there is a more troubling interpretation of Obama ’s positioning .
It ’s possible that Obama – an African - American outsider raised in Hawaii by a single mother on food stamps – really aspires to be part of the Establishment , that he sees his presidency as not transformative or revolutionary but only mildly reformist , with an emphasis on continuity , not change .
That is how Krauthammer , one of the President - elect ’s recent dinner partners , views Obama ’s quiet embrace of so much that was George W. Bush .
“ Vindication is being expressed not in words but in deeds – the tacit endorsement conveyed by the Obama continuity - we - can - believe - in transition , ” Krauthammer wrote in his Washington Post column on Friday .
“ It 's not just the retention of such key figures as Defense Secretary Bob Gates or Treasury Secretary nominee Timothy Geithner , who , as president of the New York Fed , has been instrumental in guiding the Bush financial rescue over the past year .
It 's the continuity of policy . ”
The Clinton Example If Krauthammer is right , Obama appears poised to make many of the same mistakes that marked the start of the Clinton presidency 16 years ago , when another Bush was leaving office in the midst of an economic recession and the Establishment ( led by its chief mouthpiece , the Washington Post ) was nearly unanimous on the need to look forward , not backward .
Then , there was widespread ( and bipartisan ) agreement with President George H.W. Bush ’s pardons of six Iran - Contra defendants , short - circuiting a trial of former Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger that was set to begin in early 1993 .
That trial would have altered the historical understanding of the scandal by revealing the high - level approval of crimes by President Reagan and Vice President Bush .
The Weinberger trial also would have put front and center the concept of an all - powerful President .
In effect , the Iran - Contra Affair was a way station in the restoration of the imperial presidency , from its collapse in Watergate to its post - 9/11 resurrection under George W. Bush and Dick Cheney .
At its core , Iran - Contra – like its related scandals of secret Iraqgate assistance to Saddam Hussein and the cover -up of cocaine trafficking by the Nicaraguan contras – was a reassertion of Richard Nixon ’s famous edict :
“ When the President does it , that means that it is not illegal . ”
Yet even after George H.W. Bush ’s Christmas Eve 1992 pardons of Weinberger , Elliott Abrams and four other Iran - Contra culprits , the historical record still could have been set right if the new President , Bill Clinton , had lent his support to serious fact - finding and meaningful accountability .
Instead Clinton and other Democrats joined in sweeping the Republican scandals under the rug , hoping that they might gain some reciprocity of bipartisanship .
As Clinton wrote in his 2004 memoir , My Life : “ I wanted the country to be more united , not more divided , even if that split would be to my political advantage , ” Clinton wrote .
“ Finally , President Bush had given decades of service to our country , and I thought we should allow him to retire in peace , leaving the matter between him and his conscience . ”
[ See Bill Clinton , My Life , p. 457 ]
In some cases , Clinton and the Democrats went beyond simply ignoring lumps in the rug ; they joined in falsifying the history and intimidating whistleblowers .
For instance , when the opportunity arose in early 1995 to get to the bottom of the Iraqgate scandal – the Reagan - Bush - I coddling of Saddam Hussein – the Clinton administration did n’t just look the other way ; it went on the offensive against people who tried to expose the truth .
The context of this Clinton - Iraqgate cover - up came during a criminal trial of Teledyne , a company that sold explosives to a Chilean arms manufacturer , Carlos Cardoen , who then supplied Hussein with cluster bombs in the 1980s .
Another defendant in the case was a hapless Teledyne salesman , named Ed Johnson , who earned a modest salary of about $ 30,000 .
By the mid-1990s , the “ official ” take on Iraqgate was that the scandal about secret U.S. military assistance to Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein was a “ conspiracy theory ” and that Reagan - Bush - I officials , including Vice President Bush , had been unfairly accused of facilitating shipments of weapons and WMD - related materiel to Iraq .
A Feckless Report Solidifying this notion of a “ conspiracy theory , ” Clinton 's Justice Department issued a report on Jan. 15 , 1995 , stating that it had found no " evidence that U.S. agencies or officials illegally armed Iraq " in the 1980s .
The report , however , contained a curious admission that the CIA had withheld relevant data from the investigators .
" In the course of our work , we learned of ' sensitive compartments ' of information not normally retrievable and of specialized offices that previously were unknown to the CIA personnel who were assisting us , " wrote John M. Hogan , counselor to Attorney General Janet Reno .
Then , without further skepticism , Hogan added , " I do not believe this uncertainty severely undermined our investigation . "
But two weeks after Hogan 's odd findings , Howard Teicher , a former National Security Council official under President Reagan , came forward with a startling affidavit in the Teledyne case .
Teicher asserted that the secret arming of Iraq had been ordered by Reagan in June 1982 as part of a National Security Decision Directive .
Under the order , CIA Director William Casey and his then - deputy , Robert Gates , " authorized , approved and assisted " delivery of cluster bombs to Iraq through Cardoen .
“ In the Spring of 1982 , Iraq teetered on the brink of losing its war with Iran , ” Teicher wrote .
“ The Iranians discovered a gap in the Iraqi defenses along the Iran - Iraq border between Baghdad to the north and Basra to the south .
“ Iran positioned a massive invasion force directly across from the gap in the Iraqi defenses .
An Iranian breakthrough at the spot would have cutoff Baghdad from Basra and would have resulted in Iraq ’s defeat . …
In June 1982 , President Reagan decided that the United States could not afford to allow Iraq to lose the war to Iran . ”
Teicher wrote that he helped draft a secret national security decision directive that Reagan signed to authorize covert U.S. assistance to Hussein ’s military .
" The NSDD , including even its identifying number , is classified , ” Teicher wrote .
The effort to arm the Iraqis was “ spearheaded ” by CIA Director William Casey and involved his deputy , Robert Gates , according to Teicher ’s affidavit .
“ The CIA , including both CIA Director Casey and Deputy Director Gates , knew of , approved of , and assisted in the sale of non-U.S. origin military weapons , ammunition and vehicles to Iraq , ” Teicher wrote .
In 1984 , Teicher said he went to Iraq with Reagan 's special envoy Donald Rumsfeld to convey a secret Israeli offer to assist Iraq after Israel had concluded that Iran was becoming a greater danger , according to the affidavit .
“ I traveled with Rumsfeld to Baghdad and was present at the meeting in which Rumsfeld told Iraqi Foreign Minister Tariq Aziz about Israel ’s offer of assistance , ” Teicher wrote .
“ Aziz refused even to accept the Israelis ’ letter to Hussein offering assistance because Aziz told us that he would be executed on the spot by Hussein if he did so . ”
Bush Role Another key player in Reagan ’s Iraq tilt was then - Vice President Bush , according to Teicher ’s affidavit .
“ In 1986 , President Reagan sent a secret message to Saddam Hussein telling him that Iraq should step up its air war and bombing of Iran , ” Teicher wrote .
“ This message was delivered by Vice President Bush who communicated it to Egyptian President Mubarak , who in turn passed the message to Saddam Hussein .
“ Similar strategic operational military advice was passed to Saddam Hussein through various meetings with European and Middle Eastern heads of state .
I authored Bush ’s talking points for the 1986 meeting with Mubarak and personally attended numerous meetings with European and Middle East heads of state where the strategic operational advice was communicated . ”
Though Teicher ’s affidavit represented a major breakthrough in an important historical mystery , the Clinton administration instead rallied to the defense of Reagan and Bush - 41 .
Clinton ’s Justice Department attacked the credibility of Teicher 's affidavit and ordered it sealed as a national security secret .
Federal prosecutors even threatened Teicher with legal retaliation , pressed for sanctions against Teledyne 's attorneys for trying to raise a justification defense , and convinced the Teledyne case judge to block Teicher 's testimony on the grounds that it was irrelevant .
Barred from citing the Teicher evidence , Teledyne negotiated a plea deal .
As for Ed Johnson , his jury never got to hear about Teicher or his affidavit , so it found the salesman guilty of violating the Arms Export Control Act.
Johnson was sentenced to 3 1/2 years in prison .
The “ official ” history about Iraqgate solidified into a certainty that the story of secret U.S. military assistance to Iraq was bogus .
That finding is enshrined in the shallow assessment of Wikipedia , whose entry states : “ Although the charges received extensive attention in the early 1990s and are periodically repeated today , they were eventually discredited . ”
That judgment still holds even though other senior government officials have acknowledged that the Iraqgate allegations were , in fact , true .
For instance , former CIA officer Melissa Boyle Mahle , a Middle East expert , stated flatly in her 2004 book , Denial and Deception , that in the mid-1980s , “ the United States was already deeply involved in providing weapons and other military support to Iraq . ”
In other words , the Clinton administration did n’t just look the other way when it came to Reagan - Bush - 41 crimes .
Its officials joined in obstructions of justice , even to the extent of sending an American citizen off to prison rather than divulge secrets that would have damaged the legacies of Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush .
Similarly , the Clinton administration played down extraordinary admissions by the CIA ’s inspector general in 1998 that the Reagan administration had concealed evidence of widespread cocaine trafficking by the Nicaraguan contras .
Despite the CIA ’s confession , that scandal , too , has gone down in American history as having been “ discredited . ”
[ For details , see Robert Parry ’s Lost History . ]
Repeating History Beyond distorting the public record upon which Americans make their judgments in a democratic society , the Clinton administration got none of the wished - for reciprocity .
The Republicans waged one of the most partisan assaults on a sitting American President ever , ultimately impeaching ( though not convicting ) Clinton of lying about a sexual dalliance .
Clinton ’s humiliation – and the perceived propriety of the Reagan - Bush - 41 years – set the stage for George W. Bush to run for the presidency against Vice President Al Gore and to get close enough so five Republican justices on the U.S. Supreme Court could hand the White House back to the GOP .
[ For details , see our book Neck Deep . ]
Despite the controversial outcome of Election 2000 – which actually saw Gore getting a half million more votes than Bush – the new Republican administration behaved as if it had a popular mandate .
Right - wing economic theories were pushed , including tax cuts aimed at the rich and " self - regulating markets . "
Reagan ’s notion that “ government is the problem ” was back .
In foreign policy , especially after the 9/11 terror attacks , it was time for “ tough - guy ” swagger , American “ exceptionalism ” and “ preemptive war . ”
Regarding presidential power , Nixon ’s imperial theories returned with talk of the “ unitary executive ” exercising “ plenary ” – or unlimited – powers .
Along with these old Republican concepts came some of the same people who were responsible for the abuses in the 1980s , such as Elliott Abrams who parlayed his pardon from Bush - 41 into a key job on the National Security Council staff of Bush - 43 .
Now , eight years later , with the disasters of Bush ’s policies apparent all around , another new Democratic President is taking office faced with the challenges of cleaning up messes at home and abroad – and also with the opportunity to insist on a truthful record and to demand real accountability from those who committed a new set of crimes .
However , as happened 16 years ago , the Washington Establishment is circling the wagons around the departing Republicans .
Pundit after pundit insists that prosecutions for torture and other crimes would amount to misguided partisan revenge .
Again , the incoming Democrat is being urged to look to the future , not the past .
Yet , the combined lesson of Bill Clinton ’s feckless gestures of bipartisanship in the 1990s and George W. Bush ’s reckless application of right - wing nostrums this decade should give pause to anyone who thinks that ignoring – and indeed covering up – past crimes is a smart way to guarantee a better future .
What recent history has shown is that failure to address serious government misconduct only invites a repeat of those abuses or worse .
It can be unpleasant to exact accountability – it is often easier to look the other way – but it has been a hard - learned lesson for America that leniency in such circumstances can have devastating consequences .
That lesson arguably is President Bush ’s only gift to the Republic – and it is one that Barack Obama might well take to heart .
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Neck Deep : The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , was written with two of his sons , Sam and Nat , and can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com .
His two previous books , Secrecy & Privilege : The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth ' are also available there .
Or go to Amazon.com .
Back to Home Page
“ Sin - Yaw , I won the lottery ! ”
She sat down across my desk .
“ I had a 2nd on my house and went refinancing for a lower rate .
The bank said it was too risky and just wrote it off . ”
“ YOU ?
Got the bail - out money ? ” I asked .
“ YEESS . ”
She waltzed out of my office and left me thinking of this stimulus package .
If someone borrowed money and use it wisely , the debt would generate future income that pays back the loan and more .
Otherwise , the borrower simply ends up poorer .
This is the golden rule .
No getting around it .
If the government borrows money , John Maynard Keynes said it is different .
If the citizens spend them away , the consumption whirl into virtuous cycle and multiply the wealth many times over .
Do n’t buy imports , however , since then the money then becomes part of their virtuous cycle and the citizens just ended up poorer .
The government can also invest on infra-structure that boosts everyone ’s productivity .
Extra productivity means more wealth to pay back those debts .
The pitfalls are those wasteful projects , such as the infamous bridge to nowhere , that do not really improve productivity .
If neither happens , the debts translate into inflation : more money and same productivity equal higher prices .
Inflation discourages savings , punishes the most vulnerable , and ends up impoverishing everyone .
Inflation also happens in the future .
The next generation pays , with no choice and much bitterness .
Or they can borrow against their offspring and thus enter the vicious cycle .
Only two would lend money to our government : yourselves or foreigners .
Which one will forgive the debts ?
If the USA is bailing out its society , who bails out the USA ?
I guess it is OK anyway .
Our kids will figure it out .
Dimensions .
That 's what Doctor Takagawa called them .
Dimensions .
Like something out of a corny old comic book .
After six hours of prodding and poking me with a hundred different instruments , from the standard to the exotic , that was the best he could come up with .
Dimensions .
I 'd had access to the things for years , and I figured the best term for what they really were had come from an old friend of mine , a professional thief who had a front job in the daylight world as a shrink , one of those therapist types .
He called them Pockets .
Which was perfect , because that 's exactly what they were .
Pockets .
You put stuff into them , carry it around and have easy access to it later .
You never really think about where it goes , it just is n't in your hands anymore .
It 's out of your way ; it 's in your pockets .
It made stealing things really easy .
That old friend had taught me all the tricks of the trade , but having the kind of pockets I did gave me an advantage .
I was the only one that could open or close them , so when I got manhandled and searched by some of the less reserved salesmen and cops , they never found anything .
No evidence , no case .
I walked every time .
I also did a quick stint as a smuggler , but finding myself under the gun every time I picked up a shipment or unloaded it in some dusty warehouse was too much for me .
I did n't need the money that bad .
‘ Course , they begged me to keep working the route .
I was the only guy that could walk across the border dressed in nothing but shorts and a Hawaiian shirt with three hundred keys of pure Columbian in my pockets .
The border guys never hassled me .
I knew most of them by name , and the dogs could n't smell the product when it was in my pockets , so I never had to deal with cavity searches or random spot checks .
I was just the wealthy eccentric guy that everyone liked , flashing my passport and trading friendly words with the esteemed representatives of good old Uncle Sam .
In the end , though , I called it quits , and moved on to simpler things .
One week .
That was the shortest civilian job I ever held .
Postal employee .
The boss was a good guy , but it unnerved the rest of the staff when I loaded my entire route 's mail into my pockets and hit all the boxes on foot .
Installing And Configuring OpenLDAP
On Ubuntu Intrepid Ibex
1 Preliminary note
With Ubuntu 8.10 Intrepid Ibex , the way OpenLDAP is used and configured has changed .
In Intrepid , OpenLDAP is no longer configured via the slapd .
conf file , but via the slapd.d directory that contains ldif files to configure OpenLDAP .
Note that if you need to add application specific shema 's or others , than follow the install guide provided by the application or others .
This how to only provides the means on how to configure OpenLDAP using the old style slapd .
conf way .
2 Installing OpenLDAP
Installing OpenLDAP is easy :
apt - get install slapd ldap- utils
When prompted , enter the password you want to use for the OpenLDAP admin account .
If you do n't want to configure anything else , you 're up and running .
However most applications and scripts require specific schemas to be loaded or other configuration to be done .
3 Configuring OpenLDAP
So how to we do this now ?
Well nothing is more easy .
You can use the default slapd .
conf below as a starting point since a slapd .
conf is no longer provided by the package .
Example slapd .conf file :
# This is the main slapd configuration file .
See slapd .conf for more # info on the configuration options .
####################################################################### # Global Directives : # Features to permit # allow bind_v2 # Schema and objectClass definitions include /etc/ldap/ schema/core.schema include /etc/ldap/schema/cosine.schema include /etc/ldap/schema/nis.schema include /etc/ldap/schema/inetorgperson.schema
#
Where the pid file is put .
The init.d script # will not stop the server if you change this .
pidfile / var/run/ slapd/slapd.pid #
List of arguments that were passed to the server argsfile / var/ run / slapd / slapd.args # Read slapd.conf( 5 ) for possible values loglevel none #
Where the dynamically loaded modules are stored modulepath / usr / lib / ldap moduleload back_hdb #
The maximum number of entries that is returned for a search operation sizelimit 500 #
The tool - threads parameter sets the actual amount of cpu's that is used # for indexing .
tool - threads 1 #######################################################################
# Specific Backend Directives for hdb : # Backend specific directives apply to this backend until another # ' backend ' directive occurs backend hdb #######################################################################
# Specific Backend Directives for ' other ' : # Backend specific directives apply to this backend until another # ' backend ' directive occurs # backend < other > database config #######################################################################
# Specific Directives for database # 1 , of type hdb : # Database specific directives apply to this databasse until another # ' database ' directive occurs database hdb #
The base of your directory in database # 1 suffix " dc=yourdomain , dc=tld " # rootdn directive for specifying a superuser on the database .
This is needed # for syncrepl .
rootdn " cn=admin , cn=config " #
Where the database file are physically stored for database # 1 directory " /var/lib/ldap " #
The dbconfig settings are used to generate a DB_CONFIG file the first # time slapd starts .
They do NOT override existing an existing DB_CONFIG # file .
You should therefore change these settings in DB_CONFIG directly # or remove DB_CONFIG and restart slapd for changes to take effect .
#
For the Debian package we use 2MB as default but be sure to update this # value if you have plenty of RAM dbconfig set_cachesize 0 2097152 0 # Sven Hartge reported that he had to set this value incredibly high # to get slapd running at all .
See http://bugs.debian.org/303057 for more # information .
# Number of objects that can be locked at the same time .
dbconfig set_lk_max_objects
1500 # Number of locks ( both requested and granted ) dbconfig set_lk_max_locks 1500 # Number of lockers dbconfig set_lk_max_lockers
1500 # Indexing options for database # 1 index objectClass eq #
Save the time that the entry gets modified , for database # 1 lastmod on # Checkpoint the Berkeley DB database periodically in case of system # failure and to speed slapd shutdown .
checkpoint 512 30 # Where to store the replica logs for database # 1 # replogfile / var / lib / ldap / replog #
The userPassword by default can be changed # by the entry owning it if they are authenticated .
#
Others should not be able to see it , except the # admin entry below #
These access lines apply to database # 1 only # acl specific for phamm access to attrs=userPassword , shadowLastChange by dn=" cn=admin , dc=webhabitat , dc=be " write by anonymous auth by self write by * none access to * by dn=" cn=admin , dc=yourdomain , dc=tld " write by * read access to dn. base= " " by * read # For Netscape Roaming support , each user gets a roaming # profile for which they have write access to #access to dn= " .*, ou=Roaming , o=morsnet " # by dn=" cn=admin , dc=yourdomain , dc=tld " write # by dnattr=owner write #######################################################################
# Specific Directives for database # 2 , of type ' other ' ( can be hdb too ) : # Database specific directives apply to this databasse until another # ' database ' directive occurs # database < other > #
The base of your directory for database # 2 # suffix " dc=debian , dc=org "
Change dc=yourdomain.dc=tld to the domainname used at OpenLDAP install .
Modify the slapd .conf file according to your needs .
Next we will update the configuration of OpenLDAP .
/etc/init.d/ slapd stop
Backup the current slapd.d directory .
Change to the ldap directory :
cd /etc/ldap
Move the old slapd.d to a backup location :
mv slapd.d slapd.d.bck
Now we will create the slapd.d directory and load the config from the slapd .
conf file .
mkdir slapd.d
slaptest -f slapd.conf - F slapd.d
You should see : config file testing succeeded as result .
Next we set the ownership of the slapd.d directory to openldap .
chown -R openldap : openldap slapd.d
And now we can restart OpenLDAP.
AdvertisementAdvertisement
/etc/init.d / slapd start
If you do n't see any errors , OpenLDAP is up and running with the new configuration .
You can repeat these steps each time that you change the slapd .
conf file in order to load the new OpenLDAP configuration .
It is in any case a good idea to have a slapd .
conf file since some scripts and applications look at that file to check the OpenLDAP configuration regardless of the fact that OpenLDAP is now configured using the slapd.d directory .
4 . If you 're upgrading from Ubuntu 8.04
If you have OpenLDAP running prior to an upgrade to Ubuntu 8.10 , make the following changes to your slapd .conf before attempting the upgrade : Advertisement
Set the root dn to :
rootdn " cn=admin, cn=config "
Ad add : database config
before :
#######################################################################
# Specific Directives for database # 1 , of type hdb :
So it looks like :
database config #######################################################################
# Specific Directives for database # 1 , of type hdb :
I had the fortune of upgrading to 8.10 before I knew this .
In the embryonic days of computers , the world of software was dominated by callow youths in their bedrooms – or in Bill Gates ' case , a garage – with some of the greatest names in software starting with little more than a book on coding and a lot of free time .
Yet as software became big business , the bedroom developer all but disappeared .
No longer could one person produce a commercially viable title – instead teams of programmers and marketers were needed .
Now , the bedroom developer is being given a new lease of life , and it's all down to Apple and the much - hyped iPhone .
The gadget has been an astonishing success – the Californian company claims that since the phone 's launch last year , Apple has already become the world 's third - largest mobile phone supplier in terms of revenue .
However , it was n't until last July that the true capabilities of the iPhone started to be revealed , and Apple launched the App Store , a simple - to - use online shop selling software that can transform your iPhone , or iPod touch , into a device with a thousand uses .
When it first launched , around 500 applications ( a mixture of paid and free ) were available , but now there are nearly 6,000 – last month brought the total downloads to 200 million .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The applications , almost all of which are made by 3rd - party developers , can turn your iPhone into a remote control for your laptop ; a reference guide for making cocktails ; a tool to measure the MPG of your car , and countless other features .
Speaking during Apple 's fourth - quarter earnings conference call in October , Steve Jobs , the company 's co-founder and CEO said : " We 've never seen anything like this in our careers ...
It is clear that customers are now attracted to iPhone not only for its amazing functionality and revolutionary multi- touch user interface but also for its unique ability to let users easily purchase , download , and use thousands of different applications . "
Some developers were working under the radar on programs for the iPhone before the App Store , although they could only be run on specially hacked handsets – a process frowned upon by Apple .
Now , by opening up the iPhone , Apple is encouraging a generation of DIY developers to turn from poachers to gamekeepers and get busy creating .
One of them is David de Niese , a 28 - year - old banker who first caught the programming bug at school .
" We had a Commodore 64 , but my mum and dad would limit the time my brother and I could use it , " says De Niese .
" While my brother used the time to play games , I 'd use my two hours for development .
Every Saturday my mum would drop me off at the library , and I 'd spend my time reading the Commodore 64 Programmer 's Reference Manual , the bible writing code . "
Despite studying computer science at university , De Niese went into a banking job when he graduated and programming stayed a hobby , but when he heard Apple 's announcement about the App Store , he decided he had to be involved .
" When the announcement was made , I thought it was brilliant as it is such a great device , " says De Niese .
" For a hobby programmer they 're a godsend as they have all this hardware inside you can play around with – accelerometers , GPS , a touch - screen display . "
With his programming experience , learning Objective C – the " language " on which iPhone applications are built – did n't prove too challenging for De Niese .
" It took me five days to pick up the basics , and then I just started experimenting with a few very simple apps to learn the platform .
" It would be difficult for someone without any programming experience to start programming the iPhone , " says Niese . "
But Apple assist with some well - structured frameworks but there is a lack of information out there in bookstores and on the internet .
As the iPhone becomes more mature the information will start appearing and people will start sharing knowledge on the internet .
Initially , people were n't keen to share information because of non-disclosure agreements that were put in place during the launch .
Now books are starting to appear on Amazon and other internet websites .
I would recommend new - comers to start off with Java or Objective C to gain a foundation , and then to move on to iPhone development . "
After paying $ 99 ( £ 66 ) to Apple for a licence , De Niese 's first application – My Moving Maps , which tracks you and your friends ' location – took just two weeks to write .
He submitted it to Apple , which reviews each application before allowing it to be published .
Once they had accepted it , the program was available to buy from the App store – and within weeks , My Moving Maps was being sold around the world to millions of iPhone users .
De Niese was astonished by how the program he wrote in his spare room in his home in Hertfordshire could spread to countries as far away as Kazakhstan and Hawaii .
" I have n't seen anyone else like Apple who lets you put your app out there in the world , " he says .
Within 24 hours the application was being used in every continent apart from Antarctica .
The ready - made distribution system also sorts out the financial side .
My Moving Maps sells for £ 1.19 in the UK , and roughly the same in other countries , and Apple collects the money for De Niese , as well as advertising the application .
Of course , Apple is n't doing this for altruistic reasons .
They take 30 per cent of each sale , but after tax this can still leave a tidy sum for the developer .
" I came to this thinking this is just a bit of fun , " says De Niese , " but you could make a living , although to be honest it would n't be the best . "
It seems like the perfect situation – Apple gets countless new applications which drive the popularity of the iPhone up , while developers get a chance to make a bit of money .
Yet the set - up is n't without its critics .
In a recent article for the tech - news website The Register , American blogger Ted Dziuba described the App Store as " a classic protection racket " , pointing to the fact that any application for the iPhone has to be sold through the App Store .
" What happens when Apple 's 30 per cent [ cut ] becomes 35 per cent ? " he warns .
" With nothing to stop them , Apple is in a great position to bleed developers dry . "
Apple has also been attacked for the control they have over which applications they approve .
This is where Google , which is hoping to seriously challenge Apple , wants to gain some ground with the launch of their new mobile platform , Android .
Google 's own application store opened last month , and key to its plans is the freedom developers will have .
Whereas Apple can reject applications for a number of different reasons , developers for Android only need to register , and from then on no further approval is required .
And applications can be installed without even using the store .
Google 's Eric
Chu wrote in a blogpost in August that they " feel that developers should have an unobstructed environment to make their content available " .
A dig at Apple ?
A rethink of the approval process by Apple would also give developers more freedom , believes De Niese : " What Apple needs to do is have someone who you can go to when you come up with an application idea .
You can ask them : ' I 'm going to spend my time writing this application , are you likely to approve it ? '
Right now people are writing applications that take no longer than two or three weeks to create for fear of Apple rejecting it , but if Apple gave approval first I would spend one or two months on one .
Then the value and the quality of the applications will soar . "
For the future , De Niese – who has just released a new puzzle game called Larry 's Gold – plans to keep working in his home office , and try to produce a new application every month .
" It 's something I 'd be doing anyway and now I get the opportunity to do it on a platform which is a great toy , " he says .
" I do n't understand why more people are n't doing it – the potential of the iPhone has n't yet been grasped . "
Added extras : iPhone apps to get your hands on
Free
Backgrounds
Find the perfect background to personalise your iPhone with one of more than 1,000 images on this program .
Virtual Zippo Lighter
Possibly one of the most pointless applications available , nonetheless the flame from this virtual lighter reacts to movement and the lighter itself can even be personalised .
Black Mamba Lite
There are a lot of free applications , like this top - down racer with just one track , that are designed to attract users to the full , paid - for version of the game .
Google Earth
You can now explore the globe on your phone with Google 's revolutionary program which has all the satellite imagery of the desktop version .
DigiDrummer Lite
Bang the drums on your iPhone with this nifty application that lets you create your own beat with your fingers .
Pay for
Moto Chaser
A 3D - racer that costs a mere 59 p , you can burn rubber through nine different tracks in a race against the clock , fighting other motorbikers along the way .
Ocarina
Transform your iPhone into a true musical instrument , as you play the Ocarina with a combination of touch , movement and your breath .
Flick Fishing
A fully 3D fishing simulator that lets you attempt to land the catch of the day at six different locations – you can even brag to your friends via email about the whopper you 've landed .
i Hunt .........
Pack up your shotgun and rifle , and go hunting for deer – or clay pigeons if you 'd prefer – in this shooting simulator .
iChess
A simple , no - fuss interface makes this chess game easy to play , and you can face - off against the computer or your friends .
I have been researching FRP for about a year now without finding or discovering an implementation I like .
I do n’t know if there is one — maybe my standards are just too high .
However , it has initiated me into the more general interest of purely functional foundations .
Since I am tired of thinking and want to start hacking again , I am abandoning FRP proper for the time being .
But I am continuing in spirit , by continuing with foundations .
I will be developing this project in the Frag repository , where I keep my FRP stuff .
The idea of the Frag project is simple : get back to making the software I want to make — mostly games — but shun IO .
I.e. the content of these will only be built on semantically meaningful abstractions ( which are in turn implemented on IO , of course ) , but without concern for making it a “ perfect ” FRP implementation .
Said abstractions will go in the Frag project .
The main point is to get away from the world of fuzzy , complex operational semantics , replacing it lazily with simple denotational ones .
But this is a foundational project , meaning that once the foundations are replaced , I allow myself to do arbitrary software engineering on top of it .
I think this is an important point .
Currently in the repository is a simple Event abstraction .
I ’m seeing how much I can write with just that , without worrying about modeling conceptually continuous things ( like mouse position ) .
Secretly my plan is to accidentally come across a good interaction model which boils down to Event , and is thus inherently meaningful ( simplicity can be refined out later ) .
I ’m having trouble foreseeing how I will model eg. network interaction using Events .
Graphical games are pretty easy , since conceptually they always exist , and you ’re just choosing to view them .
I ca n’t see how network fits into a model like this , since a network program can have side - effects on another computer .
Can anyone think of a way that network interactions are about being instead of doing ?
visit gallery > Zoey Nixon Performs the Most Erotic Blowjob Ever for The Babes Network
Utilities cut off to 1 in 20 US households in 2007
By Kate Randall
18 December 2008
Utility service was cut off to 1 in 20 households in the US in 2007 , and 1 in 5 were behind in their utility bills , according to a survey released Wednesday .
These figures portend a dire situation for the current heating season as families struggle to cover expenses under the impact of the deepening recession .
The survey was conducted by the National Association of Regulatory Utility Commissioners ( NARUC ) , a non-profit organization of state utility regulators .
Results were compiled from statistics submitted by utility commissions in 41 states and Washington , D.C.
It is the largest sample size ever analyzed by the organization , and covers roughly half of all US households .
The termination of gas or electric service to a household spells extreme hardship , with families and individuals forced to go without heat , hot water , lighting , or cooking facilities .
Unsafe methods of coping with the lack of power — including the use of space heaters , candles , and the rigging of unauthorized connections — pose a risk to health in the form of poor nutrition and sickness and the danger of fire and asphyxiation .
House fires resulting in death are the most tragic outcome and a frequent occurrence in the US .
More than 5.7 million US households had their electricity terminated in 2007 , accounting for 4.7 percent of all electric customers .
Of these , 1.9 million — or 33 percent — did not have service restored in the reporting year .
Gas service was cut off to 3 million customers in 2007 , a termination rate of 5 percent .
This rate was double the 2.5 percent cut off in 2001 .
More than half of these customers — or 55 percent — were unable to have their service restored during the year .
Some households rely on one utility company to provide both gas and electric service .
Of these customers , 3.8 percent had both services cut off and 33 percent of these were not able to have their service restored that year .
Such customers are denied even the unhappy choice of keeping one utility on at the expense of the other .
If they are unable to pay their entire combined bill , their services are terminated .
This was the case in the house fire that killed three young children and their aunt on October 22 this year in Highland Park , Michigan .
Energy giant DTE , which supplies both gas and electricity to the city , had suspended utility service to the home .
It is likely that the use of some unsafe heating or cooking method caused the deadly blaze .
The rise in utility shutoffs has been accompanied by a steep rise in past due payments to the utility companies .
In Illinois , for example , 550,184 out of 2.9 million gas customers were past due on their gas bills as of May 1 , 2008 , owing a total of $ 242,530,279 .
This was double the amount owed by past due customers just seven months earlier .
Many other states face a similar situation .
Utility shutoffs are certain to increase as more and more cash - strapped households are forced to choose which bills to pay , and which to put off , often to avoid being late on mortgage payments .
US foreclosure filings climbed 28 percent in November compared to a year ago .
According to RealtyTrac , which tracks foreclosures nationwide , 1 million homeowners may be forced from their homes next year .
Online Resources Corp. released the results of a survey Wednesday on the bill payment patterns of US households .
The report , " Short on Money , Will Your Customers Pay Your Bill ? " studied more than 1,000 households and found that growing numbers of American families are prioritizing their bills by creating a " delinquency budget . "
The study showed that mortgage payments are the top priority , as increasing numbers of households struggle to stave off foreclosure .
Despite these efforts , delinquent mortgage payments are up 67 percent over last year .
Next on the list to be paid are insurance premiums , followed by loan payments .
Utility bills are farther down the list .
Michigan , devastated by the crisis in the auto industry , ranked third highest in the nation in foreclosure filings for November , with 1 in every 309 households filing for foreclosure .
Michigan 's jobless rate rose to 9.6 percent in November , the highest in the nation .
This figure will find reflection in both increased utility shutoffs and rising past due accounts this winter as more workers find themselves jobless .
Already last year , more than 3 percent of Michigan residential gas customers — 89,221 of 2,922,357 households — had their service terminated .
Of these , only about 10 percent were successful in having their service restored , compared to more than 41 percent in 2005 .
As of May 1 , 2008 , Michigan customers past due on their combined gas and electricity accounts owed an average of $ 986.69 each , compared to $ 154.44 just two years ago .
The Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission ( PUC ) reported Monday that utility shutoffs statewide have increased dramatically since 2004 .
There were 63,500 terminations of natural gas in 2007 , up from 42,124 in 2004 .
The PUC survey of terminations is part of a report on implementation of the Responsible Utility Consumer Protection Act of 2004 .
More commonly referred to as Chapter 14 , the legislation passed with the support of gas and electric utilities and is aimed at " increasing utility account collections and eliminating the subsidization of bad debt costs by paying customers , " according to a policy statement .
Prior to Chapter 14 , utilities were barred from terminating service during the winter months .
Criticized by consumer advocates , the law now allows utilities to cut off power during the winter for customers with incomes 250 percent or more of the federal poverty level .
The 2008 federal poverty guideline is $ 10,400 for an individual , and $ 21,200 for a family of four .
The implication is that an individual earning $ 26,000 a year or a four - member family with an income of $ 53,000 should have no excuse for not paying their utility bills .
Based on media reports , staff members of the PUC's Bureau of Consumer Services compiled an unofficial list of cases where utility cutoffs have led to deaths .
This list , released in response to a request by the Philadelphia Inquirer under Pennsylvania 's open - records law , identifies 81 such deaths since 1989 , the vast majority fire - related .
Twenty - nine of these have taken place since the passage of Chapter 14 , including the following :
• April 3 , 2008 : A Brockway worker lost his wife and nine children and grandchildren in a fire in a home that lacked gas service .
Space heaters were being used for heat .
• February 18 , 2007 : Six children and the mother of three of them died in a house fire near Waynesburg in southwestern Pennsylvania .
The family had been without gas since 2005 and were relying on a wood - burning stove and additional space heaters in the bedrooms for heat .
• November 3 , 2007 : A fire in Dauphin County killed a two - year - old boy and his one - year - old sister .
The blaze , reportedly sparked by an untended candle , took place a day after PPL Electric Utilities Corp. terminated service because the children 's parents had not paid the bill .
Most of the 81 fatalities cited in the PUC list were in the Philadelphia area .
Entering into the winter months this year , more than 8,800 Philadelphia - area households — about 25 percent more than last year — are without heat after having their utility services terminated .
The full NARUC report can be found here .
Nate Robinson & Dwight Howard Slam Dunk Contest Video
The 5 ' 9 " New York Knicks playeraka Krypto Nate , won the Sprite Slam Dunk contest against giant 6 ' 11 " defending championaka Superman , who plays for Orlando Magic .
The contest was part of the All Star Weekend .
Robinson was voted the winner by fans , garnering 52 percent of the votes .
He also won the event in 2006 .
Check out the video below .
Monday , 12 Jan , 2009 Current Events
Shortly after receiving ransom for releasing a Saudi Arabia tanker , MV Sirius Star , one of the Somali pirates was found dead .
The body was washed ashore with $ 153,000 in cash found in pirate 's pocket .
According to the latest reports , five Somali pirates drowned after receiving $ 3 million for releasing the tanker .
The pirates ' small boat turned over in rough seas near the coast of Somalia .
When pirates attempted to return to the shore with the money their boat flipped ; three men managed to survive , losing , however , their share of money .
The U.S. navy unveiled last week the images of a package that was dropped onto the deck of the Saudi Arabia tanker .
It is believed that the package represented the ransom for the pirates .
According to Omar Abdi Hassan , a local citizen , the body of one of the pirates was found on Sunday , January 11 , near Haradhere , a coastal town in Somalia , with $ 153,000 stored in a plastic bag in the man 's pocket .
According to Graeme Gibbon Brookes , one of the employees of Dryad Maritime Intelligence Service , a UK firm , the incident was less likely to scare other pirates and stop future assaults .
On the contrary , he says that the loss of ransom means that pirates would be motivated more to get the next ransom in .
In addition , there are a lot of Somali citizens who are lining up to be pirates .
It is worth mentioning that the Saudi Arabia tanker was captured by Somali pirates in November 2008 while it was en-route to the United States from Saudi Arabia .
Sirius Star is believed to be the largest vessel ever captured by pirates .
In 2007 pirates assaulted 111 ships near the coastline of Somalia .
I ’m a sucker for tower defense games .
They all start from a simple premise :
Bad guys are marching from point A to point B along a predetermined route , and you ’re tasked with erecting towers to stop their progress .
Hidden Path Entertainment ’s upcoming PC and Xbox 360 game Defense Grid :
The Awakening takes the successful tower defense formula and expands upon it , offering all the cathartic pleasure to be had in strategically mowing down wave after wave of mindless critters in gorgeous , expansive environments .
In the future , humanity has narrowly beaten back the terrible onslaught of an alien race .
With the menace decimated , we got lazy , and the grid that once defended our planet went unattended .
Unsurprisingly , the aliens return and begin attacking the very system that thwarted their first advance .
Instead of simply chewing through their ranks , you ’ve got to stop them from stealing your power cores , the tiny floating orbs that power the entire defense network and keep your towers alive .
Sure , there are questions — why do n’t monsters ever attack the towers directly , or just all charge in at once ? — but let ’s move beyond the why , and examine the how awesome .
During my recent hands - on with the PC version , I took some time to get acquainted with the alien menace , and came away impressed .
As two objective passersby in the Wired offices noted , Defense Grid is Desktop Tower Defense but " sexy " and " pimped out , " with clever enhancements that ramp up the challenge without completely overwhelming those unfamiliar to the genre .
Defense Grid is decidedly simple to pick up and play .
There are a total of ten towers that you can erect .
The simplest are armed with flamethrowers and machine guns .
And then there are the powerful ones , like a Meteor tower that launches a massive explosive blast , or the Tesla tower that unleashes a devastating lightning storm .
My personal favorite was the Temporal tower , which sends out a pulsing shock wave every few seconds , slowing down any enemies caught in each blast .
The trick to Defense Grid is that the goal is n’t just to wipe out the enemy or survive each wave — you ’re trying to prevent them from stealing your power cores .
Once an alien reaches your power station , it grabs between one and three cores , depending on its strength , and hightails it towards the exit .
Kill them , and the power core they ’re carrying will slowly float back to your power station .
But if another enemy intercepts that floater , they ’ll scoop it up , and make a beeline for the exit .
There are 20 maps in all , and to complete one , you have to survive all enemy waves with at least one power core still in your possession .
Your final score is a tally of the remaining power cores , the value of the towers you ’ve erected , and the total number of resources you ’ve amassed .
The first few maps do a great job of easing you in :
They ’re simple , single path affairs , and there are n’t very many towers to choose from .
A few levels later , and Defense Grid opens up entirely : you ’ll suddenly find yourself herding angry alien sheep .
Fortunately , an expanded arsenal and interesting mechanics will help turn the tide .
Each of your towers is surrounded by a force field , which the aliens dislike — it does n’t hurt them , but they ’d prefer to avoid it .
You ’ll have to erect your towers as a sort of fence , goading the aliens towards long , serpentine routes , to keep them in contact with your towers and delaying their advance to the power cores .
Attempt to lock them into a dead end and they ’ll just march right around your towers , taking the shortest routes and potentially circumventing your defenses altogether .
Proper tower placement will help make for an efficient alien - killing machine .
Towers must have a line of sight to the enemy , so they ca n’t shoot through one another , but they ’re also rather intelligent .
Your towers will prioritize targets , ignoring empty - handed aliens and turning to focus on those carrying power cores , in order of the critters ’ proximity to an exit .
They ’ll also coordinate attacks — place a few Temporal towers near each other , and each will time their pulses to prevent overlapping , slowing packs of enemies down for as long as possible .
Then there are the little touches .
Simple visual cues — the colors green , yellow , and red — denote the strength of both enemies and towers .
A quick button press will reveal the attack range of all of your towers , so you ’ll know where you ’re lacking coverage , while another will speed up the action if there ’s a lull in the battle .
Enemy waves and the composition of each strike scroll by on a ticker at the top of your screen , and there ’s an in - game encyclopedia , should you forget what a particular symbol means or want to read up on particular alien ’s weaknesses .
And if you ’ve made some horrible mistake and find yourself overrun , hitting the Backspace key will rewind your progress back to a previous wave , allowing you to go as far back as you need to refine your strategy .
While there are no multi-player options , there ’s still quite a bit of competition to be had .
Every level contains three medals , bronze , silver , and gold , which are awarded based on the number of resources and cores you amass by the end , and there are number of challenges to master — beating a level with only a specific type of turret , without ever upgrading , with a fixed number of resources , etc .
The game will be available through Steam ’s digital distribution service and Xbox Live Arcade , which will bring with it 58 different achievements and online leaderboards .
You ’ll also be able to get it through Direct2 Drive .
The best part of it all ?
Probably the price tag : $ 20 .
While the game should run fine on a wide range of systems —
I was told it ’d run on a 1.8 GHz machine with 512 MB of RAM — graphics cards might be an issue , particularly with so many detailed units scampering around a map .
I also noticed a graphical glitch in the menu once or twice , but with a few weeks of polish time still left before launch that ’s probably just me getting a little nitpicky .
Defense Grid promises to combine clever mechanics and great visuals with a ton of replay value , at a bargin bin price .
If you ’re a fan of tower defense games , strategy games , or just hate aliens , tuck a twenty dollar bill someplace safe until it arrives on December 8 .
Image : Hidden Path Entertainment
See Also :
This may be it .
If AMD has one trump card left in its deck , it could be the ability to deliver a system that balances attractive performance with a measurably lower price .
Today at CES , AMD is making its one shot to win back the enthusiast .
In recent months , the general perception among knowledgeable system builders has been that Intel has taken back the performance crown in nearly all market categories , and is threatening to lock in on the two market segments AMD has historically championed : 1 ) the budget - conscious buyer , and 2 ) the system builder and enthusiast .
So in a bold step to recapture the hearts and minds of the second group , AMD today is doing something that four years ago it swore it would n't do :
It 's creating a preferred component set for desktop PC components that 's much tighter than ever before , that 's tied more closely with new ATI graphics components , and which promises stronger performance through stepped - up production and improved support .
It 's the successor to AMD 's generally successful , though not chart - busting , quad - core Spider platform first unveiled in November 2007 .
Advertisement
It 's called Dragon , and no one at AMD is under any impression that the road ahead for it wo n't be the toughest yet .
" We have a lot of ground to make up in the enthusiast community with Dragon , " admitted Simon Solotko , senior manager of AMD 's desktop division , in an interview with Betanews .
" I think that simply by really providing a really fantastic platform and correcting some of the challenges we had with Spider , we 're going to get a tremendous boost in our overall value , and I think that enthusiasts will come to our solution in greater numbers than they had before . "
Early last year , at the worst possible time for the company , an erratum in the production process stalled the rollout of AMD 's quad - core Barcelona architecture processors , including its first generation Phenoms .
By the time they were finally released , it was obvious that AMD was unwilling to risk testing the 3.0 GHz barrier , either with its quad - core Opterons in the server market or with Phenoms for the consumer desktop market .
Last year , AMD had plans to sell the 2.3 GHz Phenom 9600 -- the high - end of its Spider platform -- for $ 283 in 1,000 - unit quantities .
Today , its average street price is about $ 115 , according to Pricewatch CPU .
So in the meantime , the company found itself building triple - core processors , in a field that was still saturated with dual - cores on the value side and low - cost quad - cores on the performance side .
It still plans to market Phenom X3s , but it finds itself making value propositions that sound ironically similar to Intel 's back in 2004 and ' 05 , at the time it tried to stall the onset of the multicore era with a stopgap innovation it called hyperthreading .
AMD used to poke fun at hyperthreading , but now it knows how Intel felt .
Enter the Dragon .
It 's based on three components , at the center of which are AMD 's new Phenom II X4 processors , which will not be afraid to test the 3.0 GHz barrier .
Those will be coupled with AMD Radeon HD 4800 graphics cards , and AMD 7 - series chipsets on the motherboard .
" It 's a great breakthrough , " Solotko told us , acknowledging the need to break that barrier .
" But beyond that , we 've got tremendous performance headroom ... for extreme tuning . "
" Headroom " is the watchword AMD is using very frequently with regard to Dragon .
That refers to the speed the processor will run when it runs according to specification , versus the speed it can run when enthusiasts take advantage of Dragon 's on - board overclocking tools .
The Spider platform received rave reviews from folks who truly did appreciate the ease with which the Phenom 9600 and 9500 could be overclocked and performance - tested .
But with spec speeds comparably crippled compared to Intel , that overclocking became necessary in order for Spider to compete .
As AMD 's Solotko told us , Dragon has tweaked the tools AMD offered with Spider , including its OverDrive utility .
And in essence , it 's inviting customers to use OverDrive to throttle up at will .
In other words , Dragon is designed to run at speeds it 's designed not to run at .
" The way you evaluate a high - performance car or engine , in the enthusiast community , is by how well it performs under extreme conditions , " remarked Solotko .
" Extreme conditions today come under a number of classifications : First , there 's conditions as indicated by overclocking -- an out - of - specification operation .
And we 're going to blow that out of the water .
That 's number one .
We 're running these processors [ at speeds ] that quad - core processors have never attained , and that is a tremendous story for that community , and it will make this processor fun and exciting for enthusiasts to tweak and to tune .
" Second , " he continued , " they run the world 's most advanced games at the world 's most extreme settings .
And in those environments , [ Phenom II X4 ] is providing ample performance to provide the best possible experience , and frame rates that are equivalent to or potentially even better than the best and most expensive processor from our competitor .
So I do n't know how else you win the trust of the enthusiast community , save by essentially going to the max in the extreme conditions and providing great performance and great headroom , and that 's what this platform 's going to provide .
I think that we will work to earn that trust of that community , and I think we 've got the parts to back it up . "
Next : Betting everything on bettering the bottom line ...
Remember the first cellphones ?
If you recall , we used to be interested in owning one of them , even thoughÂ they were huge and bulky pieces of machinery .
While our cellphones are a major part of all of our lives , they have gone through major technological innovation to become what we are used to today .
This great video below was created by e2Save and presents the evolution of our mobile phones in size , functionality , and looks .
Enjoy the cellular morphing !
Click to viewWhen friends push friends onto Gmail , it usually involves talking up the seemingly limitless storage space , the fast - moving interface , or its inter- connectedness with other Google applications , like Calendar .
Those features are all fine and good , but Gmail does a lot of helpful things that some users never get to dig into .
From one short web address , you can video chat Skype - style with contacts , ensure you did n't leave yourself logged in elsewhere , help mom gradually migrate from her old dial - up - era email address , and pluck a single message out of tens of thousands .
Let 's dig in and take a look at Gmail 's less - touted features for power users .
Advertisement
10 . Change Gmail 's look entirely with themes .
Advertisement
Adam did the yeoman 's work of compiling screenshots and thumbnails of Gmail 's new Themes , accessible through a Settings tab , and one can see that they 're more than just a font switch and background image .
Gmail 's themes cover a nice range of aesthetic choices , geekiness , cute - overload , elegant color tweaks , and , for those who put a lot of time in on the screen , dark - themed schemes .
If you have n't checked them out yet , they 're certainly worth a look , if only to give your eyes a rest from all the variants of light blue .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
9. Launch video and audio chats , no Skype required .
Advertisement
It 's Windows - only at this point , and still requires a little browser plug - in , but it 's surprising how little fanfare Gmail 's native video chat application has received .
It 's comparable quality to most software - based solutions , it 's got a full - screen mode , and , well , if the person 's not all that intriguing , you can minimize them and get back to your email .
8 . Back up your email from any system .
Advertisement
Just because Google wants you to put your digital life in the cloud does n't mean you can't have your own copy of your own messages and attachments .
There are lots of ways to get your entire Gmail dump onto your desktop .
We 're currently into Gmail Backup , which is graphical for Windows and command line for Linux and Mac OS X .
You can also grab it with the command - line - based Fetchmail , grab them via POP with Thunderbird , or use the web - based StashMyMail for 99 cents , if you do n't mind the third - party - ness of it .
To back up another email account using Gmail 's generous storage space , you can always BCC : your outgoing messages to a Gmail account to make sure you 've always got an online searchable copy of your mail .
Advertisement
7 . See all the places where you 're signed in , and remotely sign out .
Advertisement
Friends ' and significant others ' computers , work , public terminals — people sign into Gmail from all kinds of places , and do n't always remember to hit that privacy - ensuring " Sign Out " in the upper - right corner .
At the very bottom of any Gmail inbox , though , is a text line showing where else the account is open , along with a list of sign - in times and IP addresses and a button that signs you out of everything but the browser you 're in right then .
No need to worry , then , that your friends ' willpower will ever be tested by discovering you 're still signed in on their system .
6 . Serve as a central , synchronized , smarter contact list .
Advertisement
Used to be that Gmail put everyone you sent five emails to went into your contacts , but they 've wised up and created two lists :
Your true contacts , and those oft - mailed but not well - known folks into " Suggested " contacts .
That makes Google a much nicer , cleaner place to sync your computers and devices from .
Mac users can pull Google Contacts into their Address Book with or without an iPhone , Blackberry owners can hook up too , and fans of Thunderbird have got their own tool as well .
Oh , and the Google - centric Android platform does it too , of course .
Advertisement
5. Consolidate all your email accounts .
Advertisement
Gmail eliminates the need to ever have to send one of those very late , apologetic " Do n't check this email often " replies from your ancient accounts .
Gina 's explained how straightforward it is to consolidate multiple email addresses into Gmail , with full importing of messages from any POP or IMAP - compliant account ( almost all of them are ) and the ability to keep sending emails from your old address , eliminating the need for mass pleas to update address books .
Consolidate Multiple Email Addresses with Gmail
The following post was originally published in Chapter 1 of our new book , Upgrade Your Life : The… Read more
Advertisement
4 . Help friends find their own Gmail messages or bookmark your own .
" You honestly do not have my email explaining how to take care of my dogs and disable the alarm system ?
Okay , no , it 's no big thing , Steve .
Hit this link , it should take you to the right message : http://mail.google.com/mail/#search/buster+alarm+code+Pedigree "
That kind of universal search link is pretty helpful , but the addresses of any email you open in Gmail are also permalinks for the account owner , meaning you can create lists of emails you need to get back to , bookmark an important thread in your browser favorites , and save them for any other purpose or list .
Advertisement
3. Keep your Gmail account(s ) on your desktop .
Advertisement
More than one of the Lifehacker editors had gotten used to keeping Gmail and Lifehacker 's Google Apps email open in two browser tabs , clicking over when a new message hit the title bar .
With the just - launched Google Desktop Gadget , though , all the basic actions of email — read , star , label , delete , respond — can fit into a corner of your desktop .
If you 're good with Gmail 's keyboard shortcuts , the gadget works with those , too , and can be opened in multiple instances for different accounts .
Pretty neat stuff , but if it's not worth installing the whole Google Desktop suite for , check out the other ways our readers get their Gmail notifications .
Advertisement
2 . Give you total search power .
Advertisement
It 's easy to forget that the company providing Gmail is , by and large , a search specialist , and has given its webmail app some serious search , filter , and organization tools .
Do n't waste time scrolling through page after page of your mom's email — find that one email she sent a few months back , with the attached JPEG file and mentioning that cat , Mr. Nibbles or Snibbles or whatnot — from : Stacey after :2008/09/01 has : attachment ( nibbles OR snibbles ) .
You can start at learning the basic operators , then take Adam 's tips on building advanced filters and persistent searches
Advertisement
1 . Do much , much more with Gmail Labs experimental features .
Advertisement
It started out as a modest set of tweaks and small Oh Neat items , but Gmail 's Labs section has become a powerhouse of email features .
From Labs ' increasingly - long list of tools , you can set up canned responses for standard replies , stop yourself from forgetting attachments , get your Google Calendar agenda and Remember the Milk tasks , get at all your various attachment types with Quick Links , and many , many more tweaks .
Labs is n't particularly hidden away or obscure , but if you have n't taken the time to scroll down the list of options , you 're almost certainly missing out on something that makes your webmail home a bit more comfortable .
Advertisement
Those are our picks for ten tricks that Gmail pulls off without a lot of praise , but everyone uses their webmail differently .
Let 's hear your own hidden ( or obvious ) Gmail tricks and glad - hands in the comments .
Washington Whispers has been featured in U.S. News & World Report since 1933 , offering insights and information from
Washington Whispers has been featured in U.S. News & World Report since 1933 , offering insights and information from inside the Beltway .
I 'll start with the highbrow : the critically acclaimed British television series Lost in Austen is getting the Hollywood treatment , with none other than Sam Mendes producing .
Lost in Austen has a loose , sci - fi premise : Elizabeth Bennet and a modern day Jane Austen fan swap places via some sort of time - traveling doorway .
I have n't seen the whole series ( it 's in my Netflix queue ! ) but the many ways it plays with the novel sound delightful .
Keep an eye out for the film adaptation , though , because it has both big studio backing and indie cred , via Sam Mendes .
Moving on to the lowbrow ...
Zombies !
Word has it that Seth Grahame - Smith 's upcoming novel Pride and Prejudice and Zombies has generated enough buzz that Hollywood studios are already quibbling over rights to the book - which wo n't even be released until April .
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies is , apparently , exactly what the title states .
Grahame - Smith has taken the original novel , which has been long out of copyright , and added the zombie apocalypse .
Apparently , much of the source text remains intact , although presumably all of the gore and violence will be new .
I 'm actually excited about this !
Zombie films have always been the resident , self - aware cultural commentary arm of the horror genre and I see a lot of possibilities in Pride and Prejudice and Zombies .
Perhaps it will be a romantic comedy of manners similar to Shaun of the Dead ?
Or perhaps I 'm just a little too excited about the possibility of Elizabeth Bennet being a zombie slayer ...
Finally , the latest ( and strangest ) news : Elton John 's Rocket Pictures is developing the film Pride and Predator , about an alien that crash lands in the world of Austen 's Pride and Prejudice and starts killing everyone .
I predict that this may set a new standard for bodice ripping .
Will Keira Knightley star in any of these films ?
Probably not .
Will they be any good ?
Who knows ?
I 'm an Austen fan and a sci - fi / horror fangirl , so I think there 's a lot of potential for radness here .
However , there 's also a big possibility that Pride and Prejudice and Zombies and Pride and Predator could go over - the - top ( or perhaps not over - the - top enough ) and end up trading on mean - spirited , mysoginistic cliches about Austen and costume dramas .
But I 'm hopeful instead that this is part of a bigger trend to do interesting , genre - bending work that interests both men and women .
And all of you Austen fans who might be cringing right now , take heart .
Austen has survived countless stultifying BBC miniseries adaptations and many , many mediocre films .
She can take a few zombies .
Lost in Austen to be Hollywood Film [ Guardian UK ]
Hollywood Studios Bidding for Pride and Prejudice and Zombies [ / Film ]
Rocket Launches ' Predator ' [ Variety ]
If there is one company out there that embodies “ former glory ” , it just has to be Silicon Graphics Incorporated .
Once one of the most well - respected high - performance computer and software makers of the world , it is now a mere shadow of its former self .
The most recent set of financial results from the company do not bode well for the already troubled company .
SGI made most of its name back when it was the primary supplier of graphics hardware for the Hollywood visual effects industry .
The company supplied this demanding industry with heavy duty graphics workstations , as well as high - performance visualisation systems .
SGI ’s penetration in this market became clear when the brand started to appear in high - profile movies , with the most memorable being the “ This is a UNIX system , I know this . ” case of Jurassic Park .
However , with the rise of powerful graphics hardware in cheap , ordinary computers , as well as the emergence of Linux and the advent of the Windows / Linux / Mac OS X port of Maya , led to the company slowly being pushed out of the visual effects industry , being replaced by the aforementioned cheaper options .
Instead , the company focussed on government work , the scientific market and high - end servers and supercomputers .
There were several other confounding factors that have helped in SGI ’s decline .
The company prematurely announced a switch from MIPS to Itanium in 1998 , after which it quickly became clear that Intel could not deliver the Itanium on time ; to make matters worse , Itanium would not reach the speeds as promised by Intel .
This left SGI with a set of outdated MIPS - based products , and they quickly had to release new models with faster processors to remain competitive .
The switch to Itanium was continued later on , and at one point , the SGI Altix formed the base of the Columbia supercomputer , which was built out of 20 Altix 3000 systems with 512 Itanium processors each .
At the time , this was by far the faster supercomputer in the world .
In 2006 the company announced the end of its legendary MIPS product line , as well as the end of the IRIX operating system , preferring Linux instead , all as part of a plan to bring the company back to positive figures .
Not long after , the company emerged from bankruptcy , and things started to look up again .
The company even re-entered the famed visualisation market with the SGI Virtu running Linux or Windows Compute Cluster .
However , due to the economic downturn , the company has made a few steps back during the last quarter .
I wo n’t bore you with the figures , but suffice to say it ’s not going well .
The company is hoping to get government support , rooting for a slice of the stimulus pie president Obama and the US Congress are working on right now .
If that is fair or not is debatable ; the company was already in trouble before the crisis , so I ’m not sure if they even deserve help from the government .
In any case , SGI is a legendary company , and it would be a sad day for the computing world if they went under .
Sure , companies come and go , but I ’m sure SGI has a special place in the hearts of many computer fans out there .
For several years now , self - styled " debunkers " have been claiming that William Rodriguez has been lying about the testimony he gave to the 9/11 Commission in 2004 .
For example , on Mark Roberts ' website , Roberts mocks Rodriguez ;
" January , 2009 : As promised , many of the 9/11 Commission investigation records have been made public .
There is a wealth of material online , with more to come .
I 'm sure William Rodriguez will want to get the copies of the notes made by two investigators who interviewed him , to prove his claim that his story has n't changed from the start and that the Commission attempted to cover it up .
( Do n't hold your breath for Rodriguez to publish those notes . ) "
http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v491/reprehensor/911/roberts-lies.jpg
Not only have Mr. Rodriguez 's basic claims remained unchanged , the cover - up continues ; his actual testimony remains " restricted " .
One can only imagine why that would be .
The wiser JREFers who have been holding their collective breath may now exhale , as Mr. Rodriguez has supplied us with copies of the 9/11 Commission Investigator notes in PDF form , which read in part ;
" Rodriguez said on September 11 , 2001 he reported late to work which was unusual for him .
He said he was in the B1 sublevel ABM office speaking to Anthony Saltamachia when the plane struck the North Tower ( WTC 1 ) .
He immediately thought the explosion was caused by a generator .
Shortly after the first explosion a second explosion rocked the building and caused the office 's false ceiling to collapse .
Following these explosions Felipe David , who was severely burned , ran into the office .
Rodriguez said there was a third explosion and he believed then the explosions were caused by an earthquake . "
Clearly , Rodriguez was indeed talking about " explosions " from the very start .
Download investigator notes here :
( 2/23/2009 - Clarification : these are two separate sets of notes by two separate investigators . )
PDF 1 .
PDF 2 .
Adultos mayores , ni�os y se�oras colapsan las vialidades del centro , en protesta por los agravios a los derechos humanos por parte de la Sedena , seg�n acusan
Monterrey | Lunes 16 de febrero de 2009
Jonath�n Tapia / corresponsal | El Universal
17:09
Learn To Start Over ; Be A Beginner
When we are children everything is a new beginning and being a beginner is no big deal , we do n’t even think about it .
Being a beginner means learning a new subject in school , practicing a new sport or experiencing a new part of nature .
As kids , these things are exciting and we have no embarrassment at being new to them .
Without beginnings we would stay inexperienced .
But as we get older , out of our teenage years and into adulthood , our attitude changes about being a beginner .
Suddenly , being a beginner is n’t desirable , because we feel embarrassed about our lack of experience .
Especially as we begin to develop experience in other areas of life , the thought of being a beginner in another area makes us uncomfortable .
But , just like when we were kids , beginning ’s mean new growth .
Do n’t be afraid to be a beginner again , without it you are just standing still .
Feeling Like An Idiot
Being a beginner requires you to admit that you do n’t know everything , and many of us hesitate to put ourselves in this situation .
Gaining expertise in certain areas of your life feels good – people come to you with questions , you can use your own judgment to solve problems and life feels comfortable .
This is why putting yourself in beginner ’s shoes again is uncomfortable – you do n’t want to feel like ( or look like ) an idiot in front of other people .
Beginner ’s have to ask many questions and make mistakes in order to learn , and sometimes we forget that being uncomfortable is simply a part of growth .
Starting Over
Sometimes you become a beginner when you are starting over .
You left your last job , you moved to a new city , or you parted ways with your last relationship partner .
It can be uncomfortable to be a beginner again in an area that you already had expertise .
But , when you recognize that you are going in the wrong direction , starting over is the only way to go .
If you wanted to drive to Miami , but realized you were going towards New York , would you simply keep going because you did n’t want to turn around ?
No , you would pull off the highway and turn your car in the other direction .
Sometimes you have to go back the way you came in order to go forward .
Always Growing
The great news about being a beginner is that beginning ’s mean growth .
Sometimes , life puts a situation in your path that forces you to become a beginner , but you also need to be on the lookout for situations in which you can choose to be a beginner again .
Learning to work through discomfort in new situations is a critical life skill .
There are so many things that you can do if you are comfortable starting over at the beginning every once in a while .
Do n’t be afraid to start over .
Beginners are actually experts at growth . 😉
Have you been a beginner recently ?
What did you begin and what growth occurred because of it ?
Feel free to leave your answers in the comments section !
Like this : Like Loading ...
Blackwater Worldwide is abandoning its tarnished brand name as it tries to shake a reputation battered by oft - criticised work in Iraq , renaming its family of two dozen businesses under the name Xe .
The parent company 's new name is pronounced like the letter z .
Blackwater Lodge & Training Centre — the subsidiary that conducts much of the company 's overseas operations and domestic training — has been renamed US Training Centre Inc. , the company said today .
The decision comes as part of an ongoing rebranding effort that grew more urgent following a September 2007 shooting in Iraq that left at least a dozen civilians dead .
Blackwater president Gary Jackson said in a memo to employees the new name reflects the change in company focus away from the business of providing private security .
" The volume of changes over the past half - year have taken the company to an exciting place and we are now ready for two of the final , and most obvious changes , " Jackson said in the note .
In his memo , Jackson indicated the company was not interested in actively pursuing new private security contracts .
Jackson and other Blackwater executives said last year the company was shifting its focus away from such work to focus on training and providing logistics .
" This company will continue to provide personnel protective services for high - threat environments when needed by the US government , but its primary mission will be operating our training facilities around the world , including the flagship campus in North Carolina , " Jackson said .
The company has operated under the Blackwater name since 1997 , when chief executive Erik Prince and some of his former Navy Seal colleagues launched it in north - eastern North Carolina , naming their new endeavour for the area swamp streams that run black with murky water .
But the name change underscores how badly the Moyock , North Carolina - based company 's brand was damaged by its work in Iraq .
In 2004 , four of its contractors were killed in an insurgent ambush in Fallujuah , with their bodies burned , mutilated and strung from a bridge .
The incident triggered a US siege of the restive city .
The September 2007 shooting in Baghdad 's Nisoor Square added to the damage .
The incident infuriated politicians both in Baghdad in Washington , triggering congressional hearings and increasing calls that the company be banned from operating in Iraq .
Last month , Iraqi leaders said they would not renew Blackwater 's license to operate there , citing the lingering outrage over the shooting in Nisoor Square , and the US state department said later it will not renew Blackwater 's contract to protect diplomats when it expires in May .
Blackwater spokeswoman Anne Tyrrell said the company made the name change largely because of changes in its focus , but acknowledged the need for the company to shake its past in Iraq .
" It 's not a direct result of a loss of contract , but certainly that is an aspect of our work that we feel we were defined by , " Tyrrell said .
Does dis maek my butt look big ?
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
He ’s always been a trendsetter .
But could David Bowie have caused the latest fad sweeping the nation – the credit crunch ?
It may sound like a ridiculous question , but it ’s not as mad as it seems .
Even when it comes to finances Bowie leads the way – and back in 1997 he did something called “ securitisation ” .
He thought , “ I have a lot of money coming in over the next 10 years from my back catalogue , but I ’d rather have the cash now and not have to wait ” .
He produced some bits of paper – Bowie Bonds – and said “ whoever buys these gets my royalties ” .
It meant he no longer had the money coming in but instead had a lot up front .
His investors were guaranteed a good income .
It was a good deal all round .
And the banks were catching on to the idea .
They thought , “ We have billions out there in mortgages which are going to pay us back very slowly .
Why do n’t we sell those and get the money now ? ”
So the banks started doing what Bowie had done – in a big way .
It was a complete rebuilding of what a bank does .
Normally a bank borrows from people like you and I , then lends it out .
But now the bank was lending the money – and selling the loan on elsewhere .
For example , a bank loans out £ 100,000 for a mortgage , and does the same for 10,000 people .
They ’ve now lent £ 1 billion and will be getting the cash back over the next 25 years .
So the bank creates a piece of paper , a security , and says whoever owns it will have the income from the mortgages .
It then sells the security – effectively the bundle of mortgages – for £ 1 billion to perhaps a pension fund , which then has the mortgage income – and the bank has £ 1 billion to lend out again .
Everybody is happy : the banks are able to lend more and more as mortgages , and there ’s a conveyor belt where they lend a billion , receive a billion and sell the mortgages on .
Northern Rock were the market leaders in the UK for this kind of thing .
But then it started to go wrong .
As the banks were selling the loans , any bad risk became someone else ’s problem .
So the banks did n’t have to worry so much who they were lending to .
Problem number two was it was n’t just their standards that dropped – the banks just lent far too much .
And thirdly the banks looked at these securities and said , “ these are so good we want to buy some ourselves ” .
Having got rid of a lot of loans and risks , they ended up buying them back in .
It all went pear - shaped for American securities because the banks had lent to people who could n’t repay them .
No one wanted securities , their value plummeted and the banks , having bought a lot , lost a lot themselves .
Securitisation was a kind of magic bullet for banks .
It looked a fantastic way of making them more profitable with less risk .
But they fired this magic bullet at themselves .
They became too dependent on it and then the investors decided they did n’t like securities because they did n’t know what was in them and the loans were often bad .
No one wanted to buy securities even if the securities were pretty good – which Northern Rock ’s were .
It was fashionable when David Bowie did it once .
Ten years later it was n’t .
Suddenly the banks did n’t have any money coming in , so they could n’t lend any more – that ’s the credit crunch .
Now the economy is in a vicious circle .
The banks loan less , so the economy has money sucked out of it .
With less money there ’s less spending and job losses which cause less spending , and the vicious spiral continues downwards .
So how do we get through the credit crunch ?
The obvious thing to do is pump more money into the banking system , from the Bank of England or the Government .
Or the Government can guarantee loans to encourage lending because the banks are so fearful about doing so .
So far in return for shares in the bank , the Government has given them more capital but probably not quite enough .
The truth is the most sensible thing for people to do is be a bit cautious with money at the moment .
But it would be nice if we all tried not to be too cautious , because if everybody saves simultaneously , it causes a tidal wave which will drown the economy .
Evan Davis presents
The City Uncovered , BBC2 , Wednesday , 9 pm .
Along with the rest of the Catholic cyber community , I have been following
the unfolding allegations and possible confirmation
that Marcial Maciel Degollado ( d. 2008 ) , founder of the Legionaries of Christ , fathered at least one child , possibly more .
Watching , all day , for any official comment from the Legion , and refraining from comment until the Legion said something for the record , I was astounded when
American spokesman Jim Fair finally said
The oldest buraku neighborhoods are believed to be here in Kyoto , the ancient capital , and date back a millennium .
That those neighborhoods survive to this day and that the outcasts ’ descendants are still subject to prejudice speak to Japan ’s obsession with its past and its inability to overcome it .
Yet nearly identical groups of outcasts remain in a few other places in Asia , like Tibet and Nepal , with the same Buddhist background ; they have disappeared only in South Korea , not because prejudice vanished , but because decades of colonialism , war and division made it impossible to identify the outcasts there .
In Japan , every person has a family register that is kept in local town halls and that , with some extrapolation , reveals ancestral birthplaces .
Families and companies widely checked birthplaces to ferret out buraku among potential hires or marriage partners until a generation ago .
The practice has greatly declined , though , especially among the young .
The buraku were officially liberated in 1871 , just a few years after the 13th Amendment abolished slavery in the United States .
But as the buraku ’s living standards and education levels remained far below national averages , the Japanese government , under pressure from buraku liberation groups , passed a special law to improve conditions for the buraku in 1969 .
By the time the law expired in 2002 , Japan had reportedly spent about $ 175 billion on affirmative action programs for the buraku .
Confronting Prejudice
Fumie Tanaka , now 39 , was born just as the special measures law for the buraku went into effect .
She grew up in the Nishinari ward of Osaka , in one of the 48 neighborhoods that were officially designated as buraku areas .
At her neighborhood school , the children began learning about discrimination against the buraku early on .
The thinking in Osaka was to confront discrimination head on : the problem lay not with the buraku but with those who harbored prejudice .
Instead of hiding their roots , children were encouraged to “ come out , ” sometimes by wearing buraku sashes , a practice that Osaka discontinued early this decade but that survives in the countryside .
An implementation of the OpenID - 2.0 spec .
Flags
Name Description Default
Type split - base
Use the new split base package .
Enabled Automatic
Use -f < flag > to enable a flag , or -f -< flag > to disable that flag .
More info
Ask the Expert
Author James Bamford answers viewer questions about the NSA , 9/11 , and more .
The New Thought Police
George Orwell 's secret police have nothing on two new NSA systems designed to read people 's minds .
Investigating 9/11
Eleanor Hill , who led congressional hearings on the attacks , discusses pre-9/11 intelligence failures in this interview .
Decoding Speech
If you think computers can easily recognize and transcribe spoken language , think again .
Two Segments , Four Guests , All Republicans ...
Brad Jacobson Byon 1/29/2009 , 3:03 pm PT
Guest blogged by Brad Jacobson of MediaBloodhound
If you 're Chris Matthews and you 're attempting to regain a reputation for being " fair and balanced " after famously exhibiting excitement about Barack Obama and his presidential campaign , what do you do ?
How about facilitating a discussion about Obama 's proposed stimulus plan with two lawmakers from the same party , the Republican Party ?
That 's precisely what Matthews did during a segment on his January 27 edition of Hardball , inviting only Senator John Ensign ( R - Nevada ) and Representative Mike Pence , the House Republican Conference Chair , to discuss the plan .
Not enough ?...
How about a segment exploring whether Rush Limbaugh is the " new voice of the GOP " but once again facilitating the " balanced " discussion with two people on the right and no one on the left or even center ?
( Never mind that Limbaugh has been the voice of the Republican Party for two decades and counting . )
In the very same broadcast , Matthews did this as well , bringing on MSNBC analyst Pat Buchanan and right - wing radio talk show host Heidi Harris ( you might remember that Harris , appearing on Hardball during the election season , had told Matthews that women vote for Democrats because they " tend to think with their hearts and not with their minds " ) .
Want more ?
How about , in the process , framing a question based on Rush Limbaugh 's assertions and posing it to these two other right - wingers while prefacing the question with the words " let 's get back to the facts here " ?
MATTHEWS : Look , let 's get back to the facts here .
Does he [ Limbaugh ] have something here by saying that Barack Obama is trying to get the Republicans to join him , or at least a handful of them , so that he can share the blame if it [ stimulus plan ] does n't work ?
Is that a reasonable claim ?
This kind of fairness and balance not only rivals Fox News but threatens to out - Fox it .
Does anyone doubt that Matthews once again feels a thrill running up his leg ?
It 's official : Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Matthews is back !
Cross-posted from MediaBloodhound .
COLOMBO , Sri Lanka 
The frustrated shopkeeper , a middle - aged , ethnic Tamil man , surreptitiously dug into a stack of cricket shirts and pulled out a plastic bag .
Inside was yet another bag that held a folded - up Tamil - language newspaper  not forbidden , he said , but certain to raise suspicions among his Sinhalese neighbors and the authorities .
“ This government , no one can speak against them , ” said the shopkeeper , who was too fearful to give his name .
“ If I talk , maybe you will not see me here tomorrow .
I can disappear . ”
After more than 25 years of bloodletting , the government ’s war with ethnic Tamil separatists may be in its final stages in the north of the country .
This week , President Mahinda Rajapaksa predicted that the war was just days from ending , and one of his senior ministers said that the military campaign was in its “ mopping up ” stages .
But even with the end of conventional warfare , anger and resentment are likely to linger for many Tamils in the north  anger at what they call decades of official marginalization , and resentment over what they say are discriminatory education policies and the suppression of the Tamil language by administrations dominated by the Sinhalese Buddhist majority .
In a ceremony alternately as solemn and celebratory as the movie that won a leading four prizes -- the rags - to - riches drama “ Slumdog Millionaire ” -- Sunday night ’s Golden Globe awards helped focus the Oscar race as it honored the late Heath Ledger for his performance in “ The Dark Knight . ”
By winning trophies for best dramatic picture , director , screenplay and score , “ Slumdog Millionaire ” cemented its place as the awards season ’s most beloved underdog :
After losing its American distributor soon after it completed filming early last year , the modestly budgeted story of an unlikely Indian game show contestant now has become not only a powerful Academy Award contender but also a minor box - office hit .
“ We really were n’t expecting to be here in America at all at one time so it ’s just amazing to be standing here , ” “ Slumdog Millionaire ” screenwriter Simon Beaufoy said in accepting his honor from the Hollywood Foreign Press Assn. at the Beverly Hilton Hotel .
A few months after Warner Bros. closed “ Slumdog Millionaire ” distributor Warner Independent Pictures , Fox Searchlight took over the $ 14 - million film ’s release , with Warners sharing costs and revenue .
If “ Slumdog Millionaire ” provided the most joyous moments at the 66th annual awards show , Ledger ’s posthumous win for supporting actor offered its most poignant .
Advertisement
Ledger died last January from an overdose of prescription medications , before “ The Dark Knight ” was released and became the second - highest grossing movie in Hollywood , trailing only “ Titanic . ”
“ The Dark Knight ” was the actor ’s last completed film role .
“ I for one will start to be able to look less at the gap in the future and the incredible place Heath made for himself with his talent and with his dedication , ” Chris Nolan , the film ’s director and co-writer , said in accepting Ledger ’s award for his haunting performance as the Joker .
Ledger ’s win was not unexpected , but in one of the more surprising picks by the 85 movie journalists who make up the HFPA , Mickey Rourke was named best dramatic actor for his role as an over - the - hill grappler in “ The Wrestler . ”
“ It ’s been a very long road back for me , ” said a humbled Rourke , a veteran actor whose admittedly wild off - screen behavior tarnished his reputation and nearly cost him the lead role in “ The Wrestler . ”
Rourke was initially dropped from the film when the producers could n’t raise money to make the movie with him in the lead , and he was recast only after his replacement , Nicolas Cage , and director Darren Aronofsky parted ways on the movie .
The actor even thanked his dogs for sticking with him when others did not .
Advertisement
More of an extended , freewheeling and alcohol - soaked dinner party than most award shows , Sunday night ’s ceremony may have reached new highs ( or lows ) for bawdy banter .
Rourke ’s acceptance speech was peppered with mild profanities , Aronofsky made a joking ( but nevertheless obscene ) gesture toward Rourke , and “ Slumdog Millionaire ” producer Christian Colson appeared to utter a four - letter expletive when the broadcast ’s producers cued music in the middle of his best drama acceptance speech .
The remarks and gesture could spark complaints to the Federal Communications Commission ; publicists from NBC did not immediately respond to e-mails seeking comment .
When winners were n’t talking like gangster rappers , a few appeared surprised and flattered , including the English actress Kate Winslet , who won for dramatic actress ( as an unhappy suburban housewife in “ Revolutionary Road ” ) and supporting actress for “ The Reader ” ( in which she played a German troller worker with a horrendous secret . )
“ I was so shocked to win one .
Honestly , I ca n’t believe it , ” Winslet said backstage after collecting her second trophy .
“ To have been here so many times and to have not won so many times .
To win twice in one night . . . , ” said the actress , a previous Golden Globe nominee for “ Little Children . ”
Advertisement
Because the HFPA is composed of journalists working for foreign publications , it was not entirely unanticipated that only one of the six acting winners was American ( Rourke being the exception ) .
“ Happy Go Lucky ’s ” Sally Hawkins , who was named top actress in a musical or comedy , is English , while “ In Bruges ’ ” Colin Farrell , the selection for best actor in a musical or comedy , is Irish .
Winslet is British and Ledger was born in Australia .
In the other film awards , Woody Allen ’s “ Vicky Cristina Barcelona ” collected the award for best comedy or musical , “ Waltz With Bashir ” was named top foreign language film , “ Wall - E ” took the animation prize , and Bruce Springsteen ’s ballad for “ The Wrestler ” -- a song that Rourke personally asked the rocker to compose -- was honored as best original song .
The Golden Globes are hardly a sure - fire predictor of Academy Awards nominations or wins .
Last year , the ceremony ’s top drama , “ Atonement , ” did n’t win best picture ( “ No Country for Old Men ” did ) , and its choice for comedy or musical -- “ Sweeney Todd : The Demon Barber of Fleet Street ” -- was n’t even nominated for the best picture Oscar .
But few would deny that “ Slumdog Millionaire ” is now a favorite for winning multiple Oscars .
And in some ways , this year ’s Golden Globe show dramatized that , even in a recession , Hollywood is back to its usual business of displays of wealth and back - slapping , with any worries about employment far from the forefront .
Advertisement
Last year ’s 100 - day Writers Guild of America strike turned 2008 Globes into a surreal news conference that was both free of stars ( who refused to cross WGA pickets ) and television viewers .
But striking writers -- or the prospect of a possible 2009 walkout by the Screen Actors Guild -- were apparently not on most people ’s minds .
In fact , the night ’s first television winner , Tom Wilkinson , could n’t remember the name of historian David McCullough , the author of “ John Adams , ” the source material for the HBO mini-series for which Wilkinson won a supporting actor award .
--
john.horn@latimes.com
Advertisement
--
Times staff writers Chris Lee and Geoff Boucher contributed to this report .
Asociaţia " Solidaritatea pentru libertatea de conştiinţă " semnalează că din noua programă şcolară a dispărut studiul evoluţiei speciilor , aparţinând lui Charles Darwin .
E vorba de teoria prin care este explicată în mod ştiinţific apariţia omului pe Pămînt , teorie diferită de concepţia religioasă a creaţiei omului de către Dumnezeu .
Totodată , asociaţia a observat că şi din manualele de filozofie pentru clasa a 12 - a a fost scoasă tema " Dumnezeu " , în care divinitatea era tratată în mod filozofic şi nu confesional , ceea ce lăsa loc la întrebări legate de Dumnezeu .
Remus Cernea , directorul acestei asociaţii , spune că modificarea s - a produs pe neanunţate în iarna trecută .
El a declarat că a verificat şi în manuale lipsa teoriei darwiniste .
Remus Cernea spune că astfel este afectat dreptul elevilor la informare şi accesul la cultură .
' Nu se mai numesc astfel '
Florentina Manolache , profesoară de biologie , confirmă dispariţia din programa şcolară a teoriei darwiniste a evoluţiei speciilor .
Cei de la Ministerul Educaţiei spun că deşi denumirea explicită a teoriei a fost scoasă din programă , ea se studiază oricum în mod implicit .
La fel ar sta lucrurile şi în cazul temei " Dumnezeu " din programa de filozofie pentru clasa a 12-a .
Mihaela Suciu , consilieră a ministrului educaţiei , a declarat pentru BBC : " Pot să vă precizez faptul că aceste lucruri nu sunt excluse din programă .
Doar că nu se mai numesc astfel şi nu exist ă nici o raţiune ascuns ă sau răuvoitoare , sau intenţie de a trunchia programa şi de nu lăsa accesul elevilor la asemenea informaţii .
Nici vorbă " .
Mihaela Suciu n- a dat putut totuşi da un răspuns la întrebarea de ce totuşi programa nu mai prevede în mod explicit cele două teme de studiu .
Teoria evoluţionismului sau darwinistă , cum mai este numită după autorul ei , ei prezintă evoluţia speciei umane , identificând originile speciei umane în maimuţele antropoide .
Teoria nu coincide cu cea creaţionistă a bisericii , care susţine originea divină a omului .
Reprezentanţiii asociaţiei “ Solidaritatea pentru libertatea de conştiinţă ” spun că în afară de dispariţia teoriei lui Darwin din manuale , s- ar fi produs şi o modificarea programei de la orele de filosofie .
Astfel , la clasa a 12 - a nu se mai studiază tema " Dumnezeu " , cu examinarea a diferite concepţii filosofice , dar şi cu abordări critice ale religiei .
A ransom is apparently dropped onto the Sirius Star by parachute
Enlarge Image
A Saudi supertanker that was captured by Somali pirates in November carrying two million barrels of oil has been released , reports quoting pirates say .
A regional maritime group also said pirates had left the Sirius Star , Reuters news agency reported .
A negotiator for the pirates told the BBC a $ 3 m ( £ 1.95 m ) ransom was paid .
A small plane was seen apparently dropping the ransom by parachute onto the tanker .
The ship 's owner has refused to comment .
The vessel , with 25 crew , is the biggest tanker ever to be hijacked .
Coalition naval forces in Bahrain said it appeared that the pirates on the Sirius Star had received a ransom payment in a container parachuted from a plane .
Reuters later reported that five of the pirates making off with the ransom money had drowned after their boat was hit by high seas .
The audacious seizure of the tanker had drawn fresh attention to the dangerous waters off Somalia 's coastline .
All our people have now left the Sirius Star .
The ship is free , the crew is free
Somali pirate , Mohamed Said
There were more than 100 reported pirate attacks in the busy shipping lanes off eastern and northern Somalia in 2008 .
An international force headed by the US is due to be established by the end of the month to tackle the problem .
On Friday , Kenya 's port authorities said a fishing vessel had been attacked and three Indian crew kidnapped , Reuters reported .
Pirates are still holding a Ukrainian cargo ship , the MV Faina , which was seized in late September carrying 33 tanks and other weaponry .
' Usual asking price ' " All our people have now left the Sirius Star .
The ship is free , the crew is free , " Mohamed Said , one of the leaders of the pirate group , told the AFP news agency .
The Kenyan - based East African Seafarers '
Assistance programme said gunmen had disembarked from the tanker and that it was " steaming out to safe waters " .
How do you pay a pirate 's ransom ?
On patrol with the pirate hunters Life in a pirate town Combined maritime forces patrolling off the Somali coast said only that the ship was expected to be on the move in the next 24 hours .
The release took place at midday , according to one of the negotiators for the Somali pirates , who spoke by phone to the BBC's Mohamed Olad Hassan in the capital , Mogadishu .
The negotiator said the pirates had disembarked from the Sirius Star and were heading back to their homes in central Somalia , and the vessel 's crew was safe .
The pirates agreed on Thursday night to accept a ransom of $ 3 m from the ship 's owners , although they had wanted more , he added .
The owner of the Sirius Star refused to confirm or deny any details when contacted by the BBC .
The Sirius Star was carrying $ 100 m worth of oil - a quarter of Saudi Arabia 's daily output - when it was seized 450 nautical miles south - east of Kenya .
It was held near the Somali town of Harardhere .
One of the pirates , calling himself Daybad , told the BBC by telephone at the time of the seizure that they had no intention of harming the crew , which included Britons , Saudis , Poles , Croatians and Filipinos .
He admitted they were negotiating a ransom of " the usual asking price " , but denied reports it was up to $ 25 m ( £ 16.6 m ) .
And he blamed the lack of peace in Somalia and the plunder of its waters by foreign fishing trawlers for their move into piracy .
The ship 's captain , Marek Nishky , was allowed to speak to the BBC under the scrutiny of his captors , and said there was " not a reason for complaints " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev vowed to deploy missiles near Poland in response to U.S. plans for a European shield during a speech on Wednesday .
(( Ivan Sekretarev / Associated Press ) )
Russia will deploy short - range missiles in the Baltic Sea region near the border with Poland in response to plans by the United States to build an anti-missile system in Europe , President Dmitry Medvedev said on Wednesday .
The proposed U.S. anti-missile system , which would include 10 missile silos in Poland and a radar station in the Czech Republic to help detect and shoot down any ballistic missiles , threatens Russia 's national security , Medvedev said in his state - of - the - nation address on Wednesday .
" To neutralize — if necessary — the [ U.S. ] anti-missile system , an Iskander missile system will be deployed in the Kaliningrad region , " Medvedev said .
" Naturally , we are also considering using for the same purpose the resources of Russia 's navy . "
Czech Foreign Minister Karel Schwarzenberg said if Russia went ahead with the deployment it would worsen the atmosphere for any international dialogue in the region .
Lithuanian President Valdus Adamkus issued a statement saying Russia 's plan was beyond comprehension .
But in Poland , Prime Minister Donald Tusk played down the plan .
" We have been used to the fact that Russia growls every now and then , " Tusk said .
" I would not give too much meaning to this declaration . "
No details on deployment
Russia will be scrapping its plans to decommission three Cold War -era missile regiments and will be developing systems to electronically jam elements of the proposed anti-missile system , he said .
" Mechanisms must be created to block mistaken , egoistical and sometimes simply dangerous decisions of certain members of the international community , " he said .
Medvedev did not disclose how many of the short - range missiles will be deployed or whether they will be fitted with nuclear warheads .
Russia 's nuclear arsenal has the capability to hit targets anywhere in the world but the Iskander missiles have a range of up to 400 kilometres and pose a greater threat to eastern Europe than the United States .
The " new configuration for the military forces " in relation to Russia 's missile plan have already been approved , he said .
Russia threatened by Western militaries : Medvedev
Shop assistants watch Russian President Dmitry Medvedev making the address to the nation on Wednesday .
(( Mikhail Metzel / Associated Press ) )
During the speech , Medvedev painted Russia as a country threatened by growing Western military might .
" From what we have seen in recent years , the creation of a missile defence system , the encirclement of Russia with military bases , the relentless expansion of NATO , we have gotten the strong impression that they are testing our strength , " Medvedev said .
President - elect Barack Obama 's administration must take steps to improve U.S. ties with Russia , he said .
" I stress that we have no problem with the American people , no inborn anti-Americanism and we hope that our partners , the U.S. administration , will make a choice in favour of full - fledged relations with Russia , " Medvedev said .
Russian - American relations have been increasingly tense and were driven to a post - Cold War low by Moscow 's war with U.S. ally Georgia earlier this year .
" Medvedev was very assertive in his delivery , " said Ronald Smith , chief strategist at Alfa Bank in Moscow .
" [ He ] appeared to be staking out strong positions on various issues ahead of the entry of the new American presidential administration . "
Extended presidential term proposed
During the speech , Medvedev also proposed extending the presidential term from four years to six to allow the government to more effectively implement reforms .
He said the change would be phased in first as five years and then bumped up to six and that the parliament 's term should also be extended from four years to five with a requirement that cabinet report to legislators more regularly .
The proposals are Medvedev 's first major initiative to amend the constitution since he was elected in March to succeed his longtime mentor , Vladimir Putin .
Putin has also said in the past that the presidential term should be increased .
Boos mar John McCain 's gracious concession as he hints it 's just the beginning for Sarah Palin
John McCain conceded defeat today in a gracious speech urging his supporters to throw their weight behind the new president .
With a teary - eyed Sarah Palin at his side , the 72 - year - old Republican leader said Barack Obama had prevailed in what had been a ' long and difficult ' contest .
But his supporters were not so generous in defeat .
Mr McCain had to stop them from booing Mr Obama 's name .
Today 's defeat spells the end of Mr McCain 's presidential dreams - but is likely to be just the start of his running mate 's political ascendancy .
Mrs Palin turned out to be an even bigger draw on the campaign trail than John McCain , the name above hers on the Republican presidential ticket .
Winner and loser : John McCain 's presidential dream may be in tatters but Sarah Palin is expected to stage a comeback in 2012
Her inner circle say the mother - of - five is likely to serve out her final two years as Alaska governor and then focus full time on a bid to become America ’s first woman president .
Addressing a subdued crowd in his home state of Arizona , Mr McCain said it was natural to feel disappointed , but called on all Americans to come together to bridge their differences .
Pledging to do everything in his power to help the new president in any challenge , Mr McCain said : ' I urge all Americans who supported me to join me in not just congratulating him but offering our next president our goodwill and earnest effort to find ways to come together , to find the necessary compromises to bridge our differences and help restore our prosperity , defend our security in a dangerous world and leave our children and grandchildren a stronger , better country than we inherited .
' Whatever our differences we are fellow Americans . '
The former Vietnam prisoner of war said Mr Obama 's victory was historic and had a particular significance for African Americans .
He said Mr Obama had inspired hope in millions of Americans who had once believed they had little influence in the election of an American president .
This is ' something I deeply admire and commend him for achieving , ' he said .
Emotional : Mrs Palin appears to wipe away a tear while her husband Todd looks on
But he insisted America today was ' a world away from the cruel and spiteful bigotry ' of a century ago .
' There is no better evidence of this than the election of an African - American to the presidency of the United states , ' he said .
Offering his condolences to Mr Obama for the death on Sunday of his grandmother , Mr McCain said he regretted that she had not lived to see her grandson achieve such ' a great thing for himself and his country ' .
Mr McCain placed the blame for defeat squarely on his own shoulders , prompting chants of ' No ! ' and ' We want John ' from the crowd .
' We fell short .
The failure is mine not yours , ' he said .
After expressing gratitude to his family and supporters , Mr McCain thanked Mrs Palin , calling the Alaskan governor ' one of the best campaigners I have ever seen ' .
He said Mrs Palin , who appeared to be blinking back tears , was also an ' impressive new voice ' in the Republican party .
' We can all look forward with great interest to her future service to Alaska , the Republican party and our country . '
Shattered dreams : Mr McCain ( centre left ) greets running mate Mrs Palin with a kiss at the Arizona election night rally .
The pair are flanked by Mr McCain 's wife Cindy and Mrs Palin 's husband Todd
He continued : ' I do n't know what more we could have done to try to win this election .
' I 'll leave that to others to determine .
Every candidate makes mistakes - I 'm sure I 've made my share of them - but I wo n't spend a moment of the future regretting what might have been .
This campaign was and will remain the great honour of my life . '
Amid a chorus of boos from the crowd , Mr McCain said he was grateful to Americans for giving him 'a fair hearing in the course of deciding that Senator Obama and my old friend Senator Joe Biden should have the honour of leading us for the next four years . '
He added : ' Today I was candidate for the highest office of the country I love so much and tonight I remain her servant .
That is blessing enough for anyone .'
Not all the senator 's supporters were willing to accept their candidate 's loss .
Throughout the crowd , the wails of women could be heard ; the victory party soon dissipating in defeat into the night .
" This is horrible , " offered one distressed woman .
" I 'm worried for my country .
Watch your wallets . "
A companion added : " Watch your guns , too . "
At the Biltmore Hotel , the party faithful - who had been intending to eat , drink and party through the night - largely went home early in disappointment .
as the bad news unfolded , the feed giving a running update of results was cut .
Grassroots Republican feeling was summed up by 53 - year - old Donna Petello , who was wearing a hot pink button that said " Hot Chicks Vote Republican " .
She said : " America made a big mistake and they 'll surely see that soon .
But we can't do anything about it . "
At 72 , Mr McCain would have been America ’s oldest first term president .
His unsuccessful campaign now dooms him to spend his declining years in Washington as a maverick railing against the Obama administration .
But Republican leaders say the election was just the beginning for Sarah Palin .
Despite coming under fire for her inexperience , insiders say she is already being groomed to run for the presidency in 2012 .
She even let slip her own ambitions last week , saying in a TV interview that she ’s ‘ not doing all this for naught ' .
And should her presidential ambitions full flat , Hollywood has also come calling .
Several top producers are vying to see if she can turn her popularity among the country ’s conservatives into TV ratings .
Now Joe Biden will be filling the vacant VP job in Washington , network executives are sharpening their pitches to try and persuade her to capitalise on her new found celebrity .
Her self - mocking appearance on Saturday Night Live , with lookalike star Tina Fey and actor Alec Baldwin , only heightened Palin fever in Hollywood .
‘ Any television person who sees the numbers when she appears on anything would say Sarah Palin would be great , ’ said veteran morning - show producer Steve Friedman .
‘ The passion she has on each side , love and hate , makes television people say , " Wow , imagine the viewership " . ‘
According to the Hollywood Reporter , most industry insiders believe an Oprah Winfrey - style daytime talk show will be the probable route for the 44 - year - old .
They think her folksy , straight - shooting personality would be an immediate hit with the predominantly female audience .
' I see her less a variety show host like Ellen De Generes and more of a single - topic host like Tyra Banks , ’ said one top TV producer .
Cable news is another possibility and perhaps easier to fit in with her day job .
Mike Huckerbee , who lost out to John McCain in the Republican primaries , has just begun his own weekly show on Fox News .
One producer has even floated the idea - only half - jokingly - of taking advantage of the curiosity surrounding the entire Palin clan and their Alaska setting and packaging a reality show called ‘ The Palins ’ as a mixture of The Osbournes and Northern Exposure .
In an unprecedented legal settlement , a former Arizona State University student who was raped in her dorm room in 2004 by one of the school 's football players will collect $ 850,000 , and the Arizona university system will establish a women 's safety czar for all three major campuses -- ASU , the University of Arizona and Northern Arizona University .
The settlement ends a civil lawsuit filed in 2006 by the former student , identified as " J.K. " in court records , against Arizona State , the Arizona Board of Regents , then - head football coach Dirk Koetter and Darnel Henderson , the player who allegedly raped her .
The suit claimed the university had placed her in a dangerous position , which led to the rape .
Although other rape victims have pursued lawsuits against universities and their athletes , the ASU settlement is unique in three ways : ( 1 ) the appointment of a highly placed safety officer who will review and reform policies for reporting and investigating incidents of sexual harassment and assault ; ( 2 ) the extraordinarily high sum of university money paid to the victim ; and ( 3 ) the public disclosure of the terms of the settlement .
" We would not have settled without the statewide women 's safety officer , " said Baine Kerr , the attorney for the victim and her family .
" It was important to [ the victim ] that we establish something that will prevent this happening to other girls .
It was an absolutely required condition of any settlement , and we are happy that the university agreed to it . "
Universities typically demand confidentiality as part of any settlement , but the victim and the family insisted on public disclosure of the terms .
" This is a new day , " said Joanne Belknap , a professor of sociology at the University of Colorado and an expert on women 's violence issues .
" Universities always protect the male athlete .
It has happened forever .
But this settlement will make things significantly better . "
Another expert , Diane Rosenfeld , a lecturer at Harvard Law School , told ESPN.com , " This could be our turning point .
Instead of privileging athletes , we will now approach the goal of a culture of sexual respect . "
Both experts agreed that other schools will respond to the ASU outcome with increased concern for the safety of women on their campuses and , in the wake of the settlement , will make decisions to reduce the incidence of sexual violence and resulting liability payments .
The settlement comes after the victim and her attorneys completed an exhaustive investigation of ASU 's actions before and after the rape , an investigation that her attorneys say revealed previous sexual misconduct by Henderson , deletions of important e-mails , destruction of critical documents and false testimony .
ASU officials in the football program , the athletic department and the president 's office refused to comment beyond a written statement negotiated as part of the settlement that praises the victim for " making Arizona 's campuses safer and reducing the risk of sexual harassment and assault for all students . "
Nancy Tribbensee , the general counsel for the Arizona Board of Regents -- the governing body for the Arizona university system -- will become the Arizona " student safety coordinator " under the settlement .
Tribbensee will appoint representatives with supporting staffs on each campus to hear and to respond to student reports of harassment and assault .
Tribbensee did not respond to e-mails and voice mails from ESPN.com .
According to documents filed in the civil lawsuit and an ASU police department investigation , Henderson was , as part of his football scholarship , assigned in 2003 to an ASU curriculum known as Summer Bridge , a four - week transition program designed to help incoming freshmen adjust to college life .
Henderson , a defensive back , was in trouble within days , according to witnesses and documents discovered in the victim 's pretrial investigation .
He was accused of grabbing and touching women in the dorm , exposing himself to female staff members and threatening freshman women .
When confronted over his misconduct , Henderson told an ASU official that he wanted women to fear him and that it was important for him to " show them their place . "
Steve Rippon , the ASU director of academic success , expelled Henderson from the transition program .
But Koetter , the head football coach , persuaded school officials to allow Henderson to return to the campus under a zero tolerance policy .
Despite his previous difficulties , Henderson was permitted to live in a dorm when he came back .
On March 11 , 2004 , according to police reports and lawsuit documents , he began openly stalking his victim , talking to her about the Kobe Bryant rape case and calling her repeatedly on her cell phone .
Early on the morning of March 12 , Henderson entered the victim 's dorm room through an unlocked door .
The victim had been drinking and was asleep .
As Henderson attacked her , police say , she awakened and recognized Henderson .
Emergency room records show injuries that could not have occurred in consensual sex .
ASU police concluded that Henderson had committed assault , but no one interviewed him for three weeks .
When Henderson did submit to an interview , he was accompanied by George Wynn , ASU 's director of football operations .
In the interview , an ASU detective caught Henderson in a series of lies .
Henderson claimed the victim had called him repeatedly in the hours before the rape , but his cell phone records showed that he had made all the calls .
The ASU police department submitted its investigation to the Maricopa County authorities , but they declined to prosecute .
Both Rick Romley , the prosecuting attorney at the time , and Dante Alegre , the assistant prosecutor who studied the case , refused ESPN.
com 's requests for comment .
After Henderson was finally expelled from ASU , Koetter tried to help him obtain a scholarship at Arkansas - Pine Bluff and other programs , according to a later university investigation .
When it became clear that Henderson , who never filed a response to the lawsuit , would be unable to pay any money damages , the victim and her family abandoned efforts to collect from him and focused their efforts on ASU .
Koetter was fired three years later .
He was 40 - 33 in six seasons at Arizona State but won only two of 19 games against Top 25 teams .
Now he is the offensive coordinator for the Jacksonville Jaguars .
According to the investigation by the victim 's attorneys , ASU had destroyed records of Henderson 's misconduct during the Summer Bridge program , and significant e-mails had been deleted even though ASU knew the victim was about to file suit .
Kerr , the lead attorney for the victim , discovered some of the missing e-mails .
In one , Rippon , the school 's director of academic success , wrote that the women who had complained about Henderson 's behavior during the Summer Bridge program were " women I trust completely . "
But Rippon later testified under oath in a deposition that they were women with " attitude " who had " issues with all men . "
Another e-mail , discovered just before the settlement was reached , was from one of the women who had complained about Henderson .
It stated , " I do n't want to get raped in college and that is what Darnel [ Henderson ] makes me feel like when he is around me . "
The victim filed her lawsuit in March 2006 under the provisions of Title IX , the federal law that guarantees equal access to education to all students .
The suit asserted that if the campus atmosphere is hostile to women or if women are afraid of harassment or assault , there can be no equal access .
The use of Title IX in sexual assault litigation was pioneered by Kathy Redmond , who was raped twice by University of Nebraska lineman Christian Peter when both were students there in the early '90s .
Redmond , who established the National Coalition Against Violent Athletes and has helped rape victims throughout the U.S. , hailed the settlement in the Arizona State case as a significant development in the protection of women on campuses across the country .
" This will level the playing field for women on campus , " Redmond said .
" The football coach will no longer be allowed to trump university policy .
Arizona is establishing a fortress of prevention that will be a model for all colleges and universities . "
Belknap , the Colorado professor , said , " Studies have shown that if women know there is a procedure for reporting that works and that protects the identity of the victim , then these incidents will be reported .
Without the procedure and knowledge of the procedure , the rape culture will continue to exist . "
Harvard 's Rosenfeld agrees .
" With this system in Arizona , we will begin to see the end of a culture of male privilege , especially for athletes , and the beginning of a culture of sexual respect . "
Lester Munson , a Chicago lawyer and journalist who reports on investigative and legal issues in the sports industry , is a senior writer for ESPN.com .
Mamie Singleton , 101 , and her granddaughter , Mary Reaves , 56 , are being evicted from their home of 45 years .
They received a notice last week from Syracuse police Chief Gary Miguel , giving them five days to leave their two - family house at 114 Baker Ave .
They were supposed to move out by Christmas Eve .
The property is being closed for six months under the city 's nuisance abatement law because of drug arrests at the house , Miguel said .
The women 's lawyer , Randi Bianco , appealed for an emergency stay to halt the proceedings until after the holidays and Onondaga County Judge Anthony Aloi granted the request Tuesday , moving back the case until Jan .
5 .
" I certainly was n't going to take the chance that someone her age would be put out on the street at Christmas , " Aloi said .
" It just did n't set well with me .
I 'd rather play Santa Claus than Scrooge . "
The looming prospect of having to leave their home has put a damper on the family 's holidays .
" I 've been frantic and it 's just so upsetting , " Reaves said .
" My grandmother is a law - abiding , tax - paying citizen .
She says , ' This is my house and I 'm not leaving . '
And she should n't have to . "
They do n't know where they will go or how they will pay for the security deposit and rent on an apartment for six months while still paying taxes , insurance and utilities on the Baker Avenue property , Reaves said .
The house is valued at $ 48,300 for tax purposes .
Typically , Christmas involves dozens of relatives , a huge meal and lots of presents .
Reaves has canceled the holiday this year .
" I just can't believe this is going on , " Mary Reaves said .
" I have n't been able to sleep since we got this notice .
We do n't have any other place to go .
Everyone comes to us when they need a helping hand or a place to stay for a couple days .
Our hearts are heavy over this . "
They may have gotten a reprieve , but Miguel said they will be evicted because they have failed to properly address criminal activity on their property and did not show up at an April hearing on the matter .
Under the city 's nuisance abatement law , the police department has the right to close properties that have been the scene of a crime more than three times in two years , Lt. Joe Cecile said .
Three arrests at the Baker Avenue house since 2006 have included weapons and drug charges , and that activity is disrupting the neighborhood , said Phil Prehn , of Syracuse United Neighbors , a community agency pushing for the eviction .
A property that starts getting a reputation for criminal activity tends to attract more crime " and it 's like a virus , " Prehn said .
" Unchecked , it destroys a lot of things . "
Prehn said the closure of this house and another at 227- 229 Merriman Ave. help send a message to homeowners :
They need to control their property .
" The city does n't seize the property , " he said .
" They 're just saying that we 're not going to let this operation continue at this place .
We are trying to disrupt the drug business there . "
Reaves and Singleton received a letter in March about the April hearing .
They did n't respond , Cecile said .
Since the hearing , officers have been to the house two more times to let the residents know that the process was continuing , Cecile said .
A backlog in the city 's corporation counsel office led to the delay in seeking the court order , said lawyer Joseph Bergh , who prepared the paperwork .
" I agree this is not the perfect situation and it should have been done a lot sooner , " he said .
" The timing was not intended to coincide with Christmas and we did n't do this with the intention of raining on anyone 's holiday . "
All three arrests involved Kareem Brown , a nephew who periodically stayed at the house , Bianco said .
Two of the arrests involved search warrants and police found marijuana and cocaine , as well as drug paraphernalia leading them to believe Brown was dealing .
Brown , who served prison time for the drug convictions , no longer is allowed there and the owners also have put up a " No Trespassing " sign , which they believed " abated the nuisance , " Bianco said .
The last arrest there was in January .
The initial notice for the hearing is to " try to initiate conversation between the property owner and the police , " Miguel said .
" The property owner has a responsibility to terminate the activity " and work with police to keep it from returning , he said .
" The strength of nuisance abatement is not in the closure , but in the dialogue , " said Cecile , who has overseen the program for almost eight years .
" It 's working through it together , but that has n't happened in this case .
They have never made any type of contact with us . "
In 2008 , the city held nuisance abatement hearings on 32 properties .
All were commercial except the properties on Merriman and Baker , Cecile said .
" It 's very rare that we even have a hearing on an owner - occupied residence , and it 's even more rare that we close it , " he said .
The last time one was closed was 2004 .
The Baker Avenue closure notice also informed Reaves she is being fined $ 500 for the violations on the property .
" Due to her age , Singleton was incapable of stopping the nuisance on her premises and is not being fined , " the notice said .
Singleton , a retired home health aide , is the last surviving sibling of a family of 11 .
She moved here from South Carolina in the 1920s .
Because of her age , police may involve the Onondaga County Department of Social Services to ensure she has an appropriate place to live during the six months the property is boarded up .
After the occupants move out , police will board up the building to prevent people from accessing the property , Cecile said .
They will also post a notice that the house was closed by the police chief for violating the nuisance abatement law .
As for Reaves , she plans to fight the closure .
" My grandmother is being treated inhumanely and it's not fair for her to be punished because of the bad decisions of one of her younger relatives , " Reaves said .
" In her elder years , she 's being discarded like a rag .
Never in my wildest dreams did I imagine this could ever happen to us . "
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - Fears of a prolonged recession in China have triggered a sharp increase in divorce inquiries addressed to lawyers and financial advisers , state media reported on Monday , with timing a key issue .
Wealthy spouses were keen to strike a deal while asset values were low , the China Daily quoted the director of the China Divorce Service Center , Shu Xin , as saying .
“ While facing tough financial times is not usually the main reason couples split , it can serve as the last straw for already strained marriages or add new concerns to divorces under way , ” the newspaper said , quoting “ marriage advisers . ”
Ming Li , who works for China ’s first marriage and finance firm , Shanghai Weiqing , said : “ Many questions are about how to avoid paying off debts after the divorce and the number of such telephone inquiries has increased from 200 to 300 in recent months . ”
But China University of Political Science and Law professor Wu Changzhen said it may be too early to know the impact of the financial crisis on divorce rates .
“ It seems the rates may have dropped since the downturn , because divorces are expensive , ” he was quoted as saying .
“ It has become extremely difficult for couples wanting to divorce to sell their homes at a reasonable price and to maintain two separate households . ”
According to a separate story carried on the China News Service website ( www.chinanews.com), the number of people seeking divorce advice increased by 30 percent in the second half of this year .
Most of the inquiries were about how to protect property , it said .
There were 2.1 million divorces in China in 2007 , nearly seven times the figure of 1980 when nationwide economic reforms were launched , the China Daily quoted the Ministry of Civil Affairs as saying .
Hyper speed RPG Yuusha 30 ( aka Hero for 30sec overseas ) will be in Japanese stores on May 28 and it wo n’t cost as much as a standard PSP game .
Marvelous set the price at 4,410 yen ( $ 48 ) .
Yeah , that sounds expensive , but Dissidia : Final Fantasy went on sale there for 6,090 yen ( $ 67 ) .
When Hero for 30sec gets released over here I imagine it will be a $ 29.99 or less .
Not sure you want to spend that kind of money ?
Sony put a demo up on Japan ’s PlayStation Store .
Go grab it with a Japanese PSN account .
A recent issue of the Journal of Physical Activity & Health features a study that reveals the link between obesity rates and “ active transportation , ” or trips taken by walking , bicycling and public transit .
( You may download the complete report from the Rutgers university website . )
Turns out , countries with the highest levels of active transportation generally had the lowest obesity rates .
It ’s important to note that the study does n’t prove that riding the bus will make you slim , but it does identify a possible factor that accounts for international differences in obesity rates .
As reported on MSNBC.com :
Featured in the New York Times , this 6,000 sq. ft home located in Aspen , Colorado was built over the course of serveral years beginning in 1973 .
Mr. Andre Ulrych , the house 's architect , builder , and first resident , said he took his design cues from a nautilis shell despite it 's nickname .
The Magic Mushroom
House was the nickname given to the home because of its appearance , decor , and the era in which it was built .
12 levels with platforms are in the home along with a number of ladders and narrow stairways .
The property is now a vacation home for the current owners , Mr. and Mrs. Findlay .
Check it out ..
Photos by Michael Brands for The New York Times
You can read the full story No Home for Squares as well as see the slideshow of all the interior pictures .
In these desperate times , even basic necessities like groceries are becoming a luxury for more and more New Yorkers .
Thankfully , there 's a way to adapt to a reduced income without sacrificing your appetite — assuming you do n't have any ethical qualms about theft .
One local freelancer who often subsists on a very limited budget has for years eaten like a gourmand by stealing groceries from fine supermarkets .
This person agreed to speak with us on the condition of anonymity , for obvious reasons , and shared some invaluable tips for hungry shoppers in search the best five finger discounts in town .
How often do you shoplift ?
I used to do it very often , almost every day .
Now it ’s a little less .
How many times a week ?
Maybe twice a week .
Where do you usually hit ?
I have a few rotations with Whole Foods , one of the main targets because I ’ve figured out the structure , the infrastructure of the place .
You ’ve figured out the infrastructure ?
Correct .
I call them blind spots , there are a lot of blind spots .
Okay , I want to talk about your technique in a minute .
But where else do you boost ?
Key Foods occasionally , and then if something is on my way and I want to employ the more improvisational style , I can do that .
What 's the average dollar amount of your shoplifting haul per week ?
$ 100
What 's the biggest score you 've made at Whole Foods ?
Over $ 50 in one day .
I do n't remember the exact dollar amount but it was three pounds of wild tuna , two pounds cod fish , one pound of walnuts , three pieces of brie cheese , four carry - on bags of pre-made sushi , one bottle of the best quality Italian olive oil .
What is your ethnicity ?
I am not American .
Okay , but what do you look like ?
I am very attractive , very dynamic and full of life and a hopeful future .
Have you ever been caught ?
I came close once , but I managed to unload the goods before they approached me and I played it out because I knew it was no longer in my bag .
They did n’t see me taking it out but they clearly saw me putting it in , so I created a huge scene .
I called the manager and I was screaming that I was outraged and so forth .
You flipped it on them ?
Absolutely .
I did n’t appreciate the fact that they took me for a non-professional .
How did you know they were on to you ?
Just experience .
I ’ve been doing this for close to six , seven years already , so you get that sense .
Even if they do n’t look at you directly , it ’s the fraction of a second that you feel it .
Do you think the secret to your success is your experience ?
That ’s a part of it , that ’s an aspect to it .
The second aspect is that it ’s out of necessity .
This is not for pleasure ; you do this because you need to be healthy to continue with your job and your career and maintain yourself in good shape .
Because it has a practical application , it adds to the confidence and adds to the purpose and that ’s ultimately why it ’s a successful adventure .
Do you remember the first thing you shoplifted ?
Of course , it was a sausage .
It was a really expensive sausage that I put under my pants .
You say it ’s a necessity , so you do n’t feel any moral guilt about stealing ?
Absolutely not , it ’s a job like any other job ; it requires professionalism , requires effort , requires time .
It ’s not an easy thing .
And there 's a certain amount of risk , like any venture that you get into , any business you get into .
Do you have any advice for aspiring shoplifters ?
Yes .
First , choose your locations carefully , number one .
Do n't start right away , go there several times , walk around , get to know the people who work there , especially the ones who do n't dress in uniform .
Number two , the most important : get to know the camera system .
You do n’t want to be directly under the camera , you do n’t want to be in front of the camera , you want to find blind spots , this is my technical term .
Beyond the corner or the bottom reach of the camera .
Number three , always have an exit strategy .
Meaning put things in different places , in your pocket or under your pants .
Do n’t do it right away .
First you take the item and walk with it for a little bit .
Then when the moment is right and the inspiration is correct , you put it in there .
And you do n’t run away right away , you stay and shop in the store for awhile until the energy comes down and then you calmly walk out .
But the bottom line is do n’t rush , do n’t rush .
So you ’ll pick up something at one part of a store but you wo n’t immediately put it in your coat until a different part of the store ?
Exactly , it comes from experience .
There ’s an energy climax and you feel it .
When you ’re not ready , when you ’re afraid or you ’re unsure , this is the wrong time to do it , you ’ll definitely get caught .
You have a fraction of a second when you know what needs to be done and you do it at that moment .
What about alarm systems ?
Well , groceries never trigger alarms and I usually keep my criminal activities around grocery stores .
But I have done a few things with alarm systems ; there is a technique to it .
There are some stores in which alarms just go on occasionally and the guard and the employees get tired of it .
So there are places that are safer to do it .
If you do it and get caught somewhere with an alarm system you have to play it as cool as you can and just look really puzzled and come back and so forth .
In that situation you have to make the best out of it .
Do you have a plan if you ’re caught ?
Yes .
You have to say that you have a lot of money and you 're clearly not intending to steal ; it was kind of a drunk bet you made with your friend about stealing a sausage from a supermarket .
And you apologize and hope for the best .
Are there any places you ’re afraid to shoplift ?
Grocery stores near my home .
It ’s not necessarily that I ’m afraid , it ’s just they know me too well and you know there ’s a good saying :
Do n’t cut the tree branch you ’re sitting on .
Sport
Sport1
Für James Rodríguez könnte es beim FC Everton kaum besser laufen .
Mit seinem neuen Verein hat der Kolumbianer in der Premier League die ersten drei Spiele gewonnen , bereits einen Treffer erzielt und einen weiteren aufgelegt ( SERVICE : Die Tabelle der Premier League ) .
Der Kolumbianer hat seinen Spaß am Fußball wieder gefunden und läuft mit einem Dauergrinsen über die Plätze .
Das sah zuvor bei Real Madrid etwas anders aus .
Der 29 - Jährige war 2014 für 75 Millionen Euro zu den Königlichen gewechselt und konnte dort vermeintlich nicht überzeugen .
So verlieh Real den Spielmacher 2017 erst für zwei Jahre an Bayern und ließ ihn nun sogar ohne Ablöse nach England ziehen .
Werde Deutschlands Tippkönig !
Jetzt zum SPORT1 Tippspiel anmeldenEin Fan von James postete bei Twitter nun aber dessen Statistiken bei Real .
Dazu schrieb er : " Die Auflösung der Geschichte , dass James in La Liga erfolglos war . "
In insgesamt 125 Pflichtspielen kam der Linksfuß auf 37 Tore und 42 Assists , davon waren 29 Treffer und 28 Vorlagen in der spanischen Liga .
Das sind starke Zahlen .
In seinen vier Saisons bei Real war er der viertbeste Torschütze und Vorbereiter des Teams .
Everton - Kapitän Coleman schwärmt von JamesDabei wurde dem Kolumbianer immer vorgehalten , bei Real deutlich unter seinen Möglichkeiten gespielt zu haben .
Auf den Tweet antwortete James nun : " Es war nicht schlecht . "
Dazu stellte er einen Daumen nach oben und einen zwinkernden Smiley .
James hat eben gute Laune .
Und bei seinem neuen Verein zweifelt niemand an dem Zehner .
Everton - Kapitän Seamus Coleman schwärmte erst kürzlich : " Es ist fantastisch und großartig , ihn hier zu haben .
Ich habe mit einigen wirklich guten technischen Spielern gespielt , aber er ist da oben .
Und mit seiner Ankunft werden auch die Spieler der vergangenen Saison besser . "
It will be recalled that after Black Sabbath ( Saturday ) , Menahem Begin received a letter from Moshe Sneh ( chief of the Haganah General Headquarters ) with instructions to blow up the King David .
After preparatory work and several postponements , Irgun fighters gathered at 7 am. on Monday , July 22 , 1946 at the Bet Aharon Talmud Torah seminary in Jerusalem .
They arrived one by one , gave the password and assembled in one of the classrooms .
They realized that they were being sent on a mission , but none of them knew what the target was .
Shortly afterwards , the senior command arrived and it was only when the briefing began that the assembled fighters discovered that they were going to strike at the King David Hotel .
After the weapons had been distributed , the first unit - the group of " porters " - commanded by Yosef Avni , set out .
Their assignment was to reach the hotel by bus and to wait at the side entrance so as to assist in unloading the explosives from the van when it arrived .
All six " porters " were disguised as Arabs so as to avoid arousing suspicion .
The strike force left next in a van loaded with seven milk - churns , each containing 50 kilograms of explosives and special detonators .
The commander of the operation , Yisrael Levi ( Gidon ) , rode in the van dressed as a Sudanese waiter , while his deputy , Heinrich Reinhold ( Yanai ) , and the other members of the unit , were dressed as Arabs .
The van drove through the streets of Jerusalem , its tarpaulin cover concealing the milk - churns and the passengers , and halted at the side entrance of the hotel , through which foodstuffs were brought into the basement ' La Regence ' restaurant .
The fighters easily overcame the guards by the gate and hastened to the basement , where they searched all the rooms , and assembled the workers in the restaurant kitchen .
They then returned to the van , brought the milk - churns into the restaurant , and placed them beside the supporting pillars .
Gidon set the time fuses for 30 minutes , and ordered his men to leave .
The staff gathered in the kitchen were told to leave the building 10 minutes later to avoid injury .
Threats to your property , personal safety , and the safety of your family .
Sadly , Christians have a proven track record of resorting to violence when they think that their delusion is being attacked .
Once you read their " holy " book , you 'll see why .
You identity will almost certainly be revealed .
If everyone already knows you are an atheist , this is not a big deal .
However , you will not be able to do much to fight back without " coming out " completely .
This may affect your reputation because an atheist objecting to discrimination ( or even asking others to obey the law ) is nearly always perceived as the aggressor rather than the victim .
If you are an atheist living in the United States , you have the unfortunate distinction of belonging to the most hated group in our country .
Discrimination and bigotry at the hands of Christians are something you may well experience .
You see , the same people who end up trying to convince the world that their religion is about love can also be terribly cruel when they think that their elevated status in society is being threatened .
In this post , I have compiled some resources that may be of assistance , depending on the nature of what you have experienced .
Only you can answer this question , but you should ask it .
Do not let yourself get swept away in anger and decide to do anything on impulse .
With attitudes toward atheists being what they are , anything you do other than just smiling and taking the discrimination and bigotry may have consequences .
Among the consequences you should consider are : Again , this must be your decision .
If you decide you 'd rather go along to get along , I will not fault you for it .
Assuming that you decide to stand up for your rights and fight back against the bigotry and / or discrimination , what can you do ?
Getting your story to a couple of atheist blogs can help build awareness quickly and stimulate bloggers and their readers to start brainstorming solutions .
Some of the larger blogs have contacts in traditional media , and the sort of buzz that can be generated in our corner of the blogosphere may get the attention of other traditional media .
There are a number of national organizations committed to protecting the rights of American atheists , and some may even have chapters in your state .
When you have been the victim of discrimination because of your attitudes toward religion , making a report to one or more of the following organizations can be tremendously helpful .
Yes , good legal assistance can be expensive .
However , many attorneys offer a free initial consultation and may be willing to draft a letter on your behalf for a surprisingly affordable amount .
In this day and age , most people are interested in avoiding lawsuits , and simply knowing that you have an attorney lined up who would be willing to file a complaint might be all that is necessary .
Meet with a couple of attorneys before deciding .
You want someone you feel comfortable with in the event that you do pursue legal action .
If your identity has already been revealed , you might be able to use local media effectively to pressure the bigot (s ) .
But because individual circumstances will vary so much , I really can't recommend this route unless you have first lined up an attorney .
The potential for it to backfire is too great .
( – promoted by navajo )
http://www.talk2action.org/sto…
Is there a way to reach out to “ Native Americans ( being brought ) into the Apostolic fold ” while the Anti-Indian Movement exists ?
I have n’t a clue , only to share a story and a poem I wrote a long time ago .
I do n’t know what needs to be said , yet saying nothing does n’t feel right either , because the concept of Spiritual Warfare has become synonymous with redemptive violence in theory .
Let me start by sharing a story .
So off the man went in search of this plant .
First , he searched around the town , then he started his searching abroad .
While this man was searching , Iktomi went to this man ’s family and became friendly with them .
The farther this man went to search , the friendlier Iktomi got with his family .
After a year had passed the man came back with the plant Iktomi had asked for , but Iktomi was no where to be found .
So the man decided to take the plant back to his house and wait .
But when he returned home , he returned to an empty house .
His wife and child were nowhere to be seen
All he seen was a note written by Iktomi .
The note told of how he , Iktomi , went to his family after the man started searching for personal gain .
Being as proud as you are , as selfish as you could be , when you left to obtain personal gain you lost everything you had .
This was the final line of the note .
“ Efforts to bring Native Americans into the Apostolic fold are repeated throughout the country including Alaska . ”
What does it mean , though ?
http://www.talk2action.org/sto…
In Oklahoma a combination of leaders from the New Apostolic Reformation and Intercessors for American are training Native Americans in spiritual warfare and “ Christian military ” training .
These efforts to bring Native Americans into the Apostolic fold are repeated throughout the country including Alaska .
“ Spiritual warfare ” connotates taking “ control of the earth from the devil and an array of demons . ”
Would “ God ’s avenging army ” commit violence , believing they are the “ body of Christ ” in order to force “ peace ” on earth so Jesus will return ?
http://www.splcenter.org/intel…
Joel ’s
Army followers , many of them teenagers and young adults who believe they ’re members of the final generation to come of age before the end of the world , are breaking away in droves from mainline Pentecostal churches .
Numbering in the tens of thousands , they base their beliefs on an esoteric reading of the second chapter of the Old Testament Book of Joel , in which an avenging swarm of locusts attacks Israel .
In their view , the locusts are a metaphor for Joel ’s Army .
Despite their overt militancy , there ’s no evidence Joel ’s Army followers have committed any acts of violence .
But critics warn that actual bloodletting may only be a matter of time for a movement that casts itself as God ’s avenging army .
I wrote a poem a long time ago that relates to this mindset , but not these actions .
The mindset is illogical , so maybe an illogical poem might get through , albeit a slim chance .
The pitch and intensity of the military rhetoric of this branch of the global Dominionist movement has substantially increased since the beginning of 2008 , ” writes The Discernment Research Group , a Christian watchdog group that tracks what they call heresies or cults within Christianity .
“ One can only wonder how long before this transforms into real warfare with actual warriors . ”
Let me quote something positive first .
http://www.nativeamericans.com…
Out of the Indian approach to life there came a great freedom , an intense and absorbing respect for life , enriching faith in a Supreme Power , and principles of truth , honesty , generosity , equity , and brotherhood as a guide to mundane relations .
Black Elk , Oglala Sioux Holy Man 1863 - 1950
And now I ’ll share the old poem .
The Meaning
An eon past ,
A blink for God ’s eye
I drowned in the Sea of Dead Souls .
Swarmed they in the blood of my ancestors –
Neither in Heaven nor in the Abyss resting .
But like Shadows in the night –
Danced they o’er my soul .
My bodies pried open –
Only a little evil entering at a time
Until the Apocalypse ,
So it appeared –
Like a misty reflection upon water .
An eon past ,
A blink for God ’s eye
The Devil unlocked my soul –
With the key I had lost possession of .
The Sun was dim –
I was beside myself in soul .
My senses belonged not to me ,
But to the Prince of Darkness .
An eon past in suffering , torment and anguish ,
But what about the key which unlocked my soul –
From whence I looked upon Pestilence
And said it was good ?
The key ,
Yes the key to my soul .
In that Dark Night I demanded
An explanation from my Lord .
“ I walk and am weary ; I seek but do not find .
My wings are made of iron –
Why hast thou forsaken me ?
Thy rivers run deep as the
Land of Milk and Honey .
Why , my Lord –
Do I suffer so Night and Day ? ”
I remembered the key used by evil to unlock my soul .
“ I can see thy Holy Angels of the Quarters .
I can commune with them and serve them , thus serve thee –
My Lord . ”
The Lord of Heaven answered ,
“ Why do you think I allowed Beelezebub to use the key ?
The meaning is the suffering . ”
Shadow Of The Wind Every day is an inquisition Who are you ?
What are you ?
Why ?
I ’m alive , I belong , I ’ll be back It ’s a half truth , still a whole lie
In the garden of good and evil
You ’ll come , but you know The spider only spins The Shadow of The Wind The Shadow of The Wind
— — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
–
My relatives , come back home .
Do not think the Creator feels no pain and the Earth Mother ’s heart does n’t break and is n’t breaking .
It would be better to stand on one square foot of your land in dignity than to follow their foolishness into the redemptive violence they are preparing for .
Here ’s the connection , and I strongly urge you to read “ ‘ Joel ’s Army ’ ” and omnicide in the name of God . ”
One more thing , when they proclaim it ’s time to burn your medicine bundles , tell them to burn their Bibles first .
After a year had passed the man came back with the plant Iktomi had asked for , but Iktomi was no where to be found .
So the man decided to take the plant back to his house and wait .
But when he returned home , he returned to an empty house .
His wife and child were nowhere to be seen
All he seen was a note written by Iktomi .
The note told of how he , Iktomi , went to his family after the man started searching for personal gain .
Being as proud as you are , as selfish as you could be , when you left to obtain personal gain you lost everything you had .
This was the final line of the note .
Do You Have Biblical Morals ?
It is often said that morality comes from the bible , or that it contains parables about morality that should guide us today .
But do you really understand the moral precepts of this Bronze Age book ?
Have you read the bible cover to cover and actually thought about the contents ?
If not , it might be time to open the bible and look .
To help motivate you , I 've prepared this quiz so that you can see if your morals are in line with those in the bible .
Enjoy !
Created by : Jim Pyle
Jimmy Carter in the Oval Office , with chief domestic affairs advisor Amy Carter2 .
This is my own transcript , partly OCR assisted , of a scanned PDF1 from the Jimmy Carter Library of then Georgia Governor Jimmy Carter 's " Law Day " address at the University of Georgia , May 4 , 1974 .
Transcription errors are almost certainly mine , and I apologize for them .
I first learned of this speech from Hunter Thompson 's book The Great Shark Hunt .
I think it 's a remarkable speech , and unlike most speeches I 've ever hear or read from contemporary politicians .
For all of his shortcomings , Jimmy Carter remains far and away the favorite President of my life .
A Message On Justice
Senator Kennedy , distinguished fellow Georgians , friends of the Law School of Georgia , and personal friends of mine : Sometimes even a distinguished jurist on the Supreme Court does n't know all of the background on acceptances of invitations .
As a matter of fact , my wife was influential in this particular acceptance , but my son was even more influential .
This was really an acceptance to repair my ego .
There was established in 1969 the L.Q.C. Lamar Society .
I was involved in the establishment of it , and I think a lot of it .
As Governor of Georgia , I was invited this year , along with two distinguished Americans , to make a speech at the annual meeting which is going on now .
I found out when the program was prepared that Senator Kennedy was to speak last night .
They charged $ 10 to attend the occasion .
Senator William Brock from Tennessee is speaking to the Lamar Society at noon today .
I found out they charged $ 7.50 for this occasion .
I spoke yesterday at noon , and I asked the Lamar Society officials , at the last moment , how much they were charging to come to the luncheon yesterday .
They said they were n't charging anything .
I said , " You mean they do n't even have to pay for the lunch ? "
They said , " No , we 're providing the lunch free . "
So , when my son Jack came and said , " Daddy , I think more of you than you thought I did ; I 'm paying $ 7 for two tickets to the luncheon , " I figured that a $ 3.50 lunch ticket would salvage part of my ego and that 's really why I 'm here today .
I 'm not qualified to talk to you about law , because in addition to being a peanut farmer , I 'm an engineer and a nuclear physicist , not a lawyer .
I was planning , really , to talk to you more today about politics , and the inter- relationship of political affairs and law , than about what I 'm actually going to speak on .
But after Senator Kennedy 's delightful and very fine response to political questions during his speech , and after his analysis of the Watergate problems , I stopped at a room on the way , while he had his press conference , and I changed my speech notes .
My own interest in the criminal justice system is very deep and heartfelt .
Not having studied law , I 've had to learn the hard way .
I read a lot and listen a lot .
One of the sources for my understanding about the proper application of criminal justice and the system of equity is from reading Reinhold Niebuhr , one of his books that Bill Gunter gave me quite a number of years ago .
The other source of my understanding about what 's right and wrong in this society is from a friend of mine , a poet named Bob Dylan .
After listening to his records about " The Ballad of Hattie Carol " and " Like a Rolling Stone " and " The Times , They Are a - Changing , " I 've learned to appreciate the dynamism of change in a modern society .
I grew up as a landowner 's son .
But I do n't think I ever realized the proper interrelationship between the landowner and those who worked on a farm until I heard Dylan 's record , " I Ain't Gonna Work on Maggie 's Farm No More . "
So I come here speaking to you today about your subject with a base for my information founded on Reinhold Niebuhr and Bob Dylan .
" Justice in a Sinful World "
One of the things that Niebuhr says is that the sad duty of the political system is to establish justice in a sinful world .
He goes on to say that there 's no way to establish or maintain justice without law ; that the laws are constantly changing to stabilize the social equilibrium of the forces and counterforces of a dynamic society ; and that the law in its totality is an expression of the structure of government .
Well , as a farmer who has now been in office for 3 years , I 've seen firsthand the inadequacy of my own comprehension of what government ought to do for its people .
I 've had a constant learning process , sometimes from lawyers , sometimes from practical experience , sometimes from failures and mistakes that have been pointed out to me after they were made .
I had lunch this week with the members of the Judicial Selection committee , and they were talking about a consent search warrant .
I said I did n't know what a consent search warrant was .
They said , " Well , that 's when two policemen go to a house .
One of them goes to the front door and knocks on it , and the other one runs around to the back door and yells ' come in ' . "
I have to admit that as governor , quite often , I search for ways to bring about my own hopes ; not quite so stringently testing the law as that , but with a similar motivation .
I would like to talk to you for few moments about some of the practical aspects of being a governor who is still deeply concerned about the inadequacies of a system of which it is obvious that you 're so patently proud .
I have refrained completely from making any judicial appointments on the basis of political support or other factors , and have chosen , in every instance , Superior Court judges , quite often state judges , Appellate Court judges , on the basis of merit analysis by a highly competent , open , qualified group of distinguished Georgians .
I 'm proud of this .
We 've now established in the Georgia Constitution a qualifications commission , which for the first time can hear complaints from average citizens about the performance in office of judges and can investigate those complaints and with the status and the force of the Georgia Constitution behind them can remove a judge from office or take other corrective steps .
We 've now passed a constitutional amendment , which is waiting for the citizenry to approve , that establishes a uniform Criminal Justice Court system in this state so that the affairs of the judiciary can be more orderly structured , so that workloads can be balanced and so that over a period of time there might be an additional factor of equity , which quite often does not exist now because of the wide disparity among the different courts of Georgia .
We passed this year a judge sentencing bill for non-capital cases with a review procedure .
I 've had presented to me , by members of the Pardons and Paroles Board , an analysis of some of the sentences given to people by the Superior Court judges of this state , which grieved me deeply and shocked me as a layman .
I believe that over a period of time , the fact that a group of other judges can review and comment on the sentences meted out in the different portions of Georgia will bring some more equitity to the system .
We have finally eliminated the unsworn statement law in Georgia - the last state to do it .
This year , we analyzed in depth the structure of the drug penalties in this state .
I believe in the future there will be a clear understanding of the seriouness of different crimes relating to drugs .
We 've finally been able to get through the legislature a law that removes alcoholism or drunkenness as a criminal offense .
When this law goes into effect next year , I think it will create a new sense of compassion and justice for the roughly 150,000 alcoholics in Georgia , many of whom excape the consequences of what has been a crime because of some social or economic prominence , and will remove a very heavy load from the criminal justice system .
In our prisons , which in the past have been a disgrace to Georgia , we 've tried to make substantive changes in the quality of those who administer them and to put a new realm of understanding and hope and compassion into the administration of that portion of the system of justice .
Ninety - five percent of those who are currently incarcerated in prisons will be returned to our neighbors .
And now the thrust of the entire program , as initiated under Ellis MacDougall and now continued under Dr. Ault , is to try to discern in the soul of each convicted and sentenced person redeeming features that can be enhanced .
We plan a career for that person to be pursued while he is in prison .
I believe that the early data we have on recidivism rates indicates the efficiency of what we 've done .
The GBI , which was formerly a matter of great concern to all of those who were interested in law enforcement , has now been substantially changed - for the better .
I would put it up now in quality against the FBI , the Secret Service , or any other crime control organization in this country .
Well , does that mean that everything is all right ?
It does n't to me .
Searching for a Better Way
I do n't know exactly how to say this , but I was thinking just a few moments ago about some of the things that are of deep concern to me as a governor .
As a scientist , I was working constantly , along with almost everyone who professes that dedication of life , to probe , probe every day of my life for constant changes for the better .
It 's completely anachronistic in the make - up of a nuclear physicist or an engineer or scientist to be satisfied with what we 've got , or to rest on the laurels of past accomplishments .
It 's the nature of the profession .
As a farmer , the same motivation persists .
Every farmer that I know of , who is worth his salt or who 's just average , is ahead of the experimental stations and research agronomist in finding better ways , changing ways to plant , cultivate , utilize herbicides , gather , cure , sell farm products .
The competition for innovation is tremendous , equivalent to the realm of nuclear physics , even .
In my opinion , it 's different in the case of lawyers .
And maybe this is a circumstance that is so inherently true that it can't be changed .
I 'm a Sunday school teacher , and I 've always known that the structure of law is founded on a Christian ethic that you shall love the Lord your God and your neighbor as yourself - a very high and perfect standard .
We all know the fallibility of man , and the contentions in society , as described by Reinhold Niebuhr , and many others , do n't permit us to achieve perfection .
We do strive for equality , but not with a fervent and daily commitment .
In general , the powerful and the influential in our society shape the laws and have a great influence on the legislature or the Congress .
This creates a reluctance to change because the powerful and the influential have carved out for themselves or have inherited a privileged position in society , of wealth or social prominence or higher education or opportunity for the future .
Quite often , those circumstances are circumvented at a very early age because college students , particularly undergraduates , do n't have any commitment to the preservation of the way things are .
But later , as their interrelationship with the present circumstances grows , they also become committed to approaching change very , very slowly and very , very cautiously , and there 's a commitment to the status quo .
I remember when I was a chiid , I lived on a farm about 3 miles from Plains , and we did n't have electricity or running water .
We lived on the railroad - Seaboard Coastline Railroad .
Like all farm boys , I had a flip , a slingshot .
They had stabilized the railroad bed with little white round rocks , which I used for ammunition .
I would go out frequently to the railroad and gather the most perfectly shaped rocks of proper size .
I always had a few in my pockets , and I had others cached away around the farm , so that they would be convenient if I ran out of my pocket supply .
One day I was leaving the railroad track with my pockets full of rocks and hands full of rocks , and my mother came out on the front porch - this is not a very interesting story but it illustrates a point - and she had in her hands a plate full of cookies that she had just baked for me .
She called me - I am sure with love in her heart - and said , " Jimmy , I 've baked some cookies for you . "
I remember very distinctly walking up to her and standing there for 15 or 20 seconds in honest doubt about whether I should drop those rocks which were worthless and take the cookies that my mother had prepared for me , which between her and me were very valuable .
Quite often , we have the same inclination in our everyday lives .
We do n't recognize that change can sometimes be very beneficial , although we fear it .
Anyone who lives in the South looks back on the last 15 to 20 years with some degree of embarrassment , including myself .
To think about going back to a county units system , which deliberately cheated for generations certain white voters of this state , is almost inconceivable .
To revert back or to forego the one man , one vote principle we would now consider to be a horrible violation of the basic principles of justice and equality and fairness and equity .
The first speech I ever made in the Georgia Senate , representing the most conservative district in Georgia , was concerning the abolition of 30 questions that we had so proudly evolved as a subterfuge to keep black citizens from voting and which we used with a great deal of smirking and pride for decades or generations ever since the War Between the States - questions that nobody could answer in this room , but which were applied to every black citizen that came to the Sumter County Courthouse or Webster County Courthouse and said , " I want to vote . "
I spoke in that chamber , fearful of the news media reporting it back home , but overwhelmed with a commitment to the abolition of that artificial barrier to the rights of an American citizen .
I remember the thing that I used in my speech , that a black pencil salesman on the outer door of the Sumter County Courthouse could make a better judgment about who ought to be sheriff than two highly educated professors at Georgia Southwestern College .
Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. , who was perhaps despised by many in this room because he shook up our social structure that benefited us , and demanded simply that black citizens be treated the same as white citizens , was n't greeted with approbation and accolades by the Georgia Bar Association or the Alabama Bar Association .
He was greeted with horror .
Still , once that change was made , a very simple but difficult change , no one in his right mind would want to go back to circumstances prior to that juncture in the development of our nation 's society .
A Long Way To Go
I do n't want to go on and on ; I 'm part of it .
But the point I want to make to you is that we still have a long way to go .
In every age or every year , we have a tendency to believe that we 've come so far now , that there 's no way to improve the present system .
I 'm sure when the Wright Brothers flew at Kitty Hawk , they felt that was the ultimate in transportation .
When the first atomic bomb was exploded , that was the ultimate development in nuclear physics , and so forth .
Well , we have n't reached the ultimate .
But who 's going to search the heart and soul of an organization like yours or a law school or state or nation and say , " What can we still do to restore equity and justice or to preserve it or to enhance it in this society ? "
You know , I 'm not afraid to make the change .
I do n't have anything to lose .
But , as a farmer , I 'm not qualified to assess the characteristics of the 9,100 inmates in the Georgia prisons , 50 percent of whom ought not to be there .
They ought to be on probation or under some other supervision and assess what the results of previous court rulings might bring to bear on their lives .
I was in the governor 's mansion for 2 years , enjoying the services of a very fine cook , who was a prisoner - a woman .
One day she came to me , after she got over her 2 years of timidity , and said , " Governor , I would like to borrow $ 250 from you . "
I said , " I 'm not sure that a lawyer would be worth that much . "
She said , " I do n't want to hire a lawyer .
I want to pay the judge . "
I thought it was a ridiculous statement for her ; I felt that she was ignorant .
But I found out she was n't .
She had been sentenced by a superior court judge in the state , who still serves , to 7 years or $ 750 .
She had raised , early in her prison career , $ 500 .
I did n't lend her the money , but I had Bill Harper , my legal aide , look into it .
He found the circumstances were true .
She was quickly released under a recent court ruling that had come down in the past few years .
I was down on the coast this weekend .
I was approached by a woman who asked me to come by her home .
I went by , and she showed me documents that indicated that her illiterate mother , who had a son in jail , had gone to the County Surveyor in that region and had borrowed $ 225 to get her son out of jail .
She had a letter from the Justice of the Peace that showed that her mother had made a mark on a blank piece of paper .
They paid off the $ 225 , and she has the receipts to show it .
Then they started a 5 year program trying to get back the paper she signed , without success .
They went to court .
The lawyer that had originally advised her to sign the paper showed up as the attorney for the surveyor .
She had put up 50 acres of land near the county seat as security .
When she got to court she found that instead of signing a security deed , she had signed a warrantee deed .
That case has already been appealed to the Supreme Court , and she lost .
Well , I know that the technicalities of the law that would permit that are probably justifiable .
She did n't have a good lawyer .
My heart feels and cries out that something ought to be analyzed , not just about the structure of government , judicial qualifications councils and judicial appointment committees and eliminating the unsworn statement - those things are important .
But they do n't reach the crux of the point - that now we assign punishment to fit the criminal and not the crime .
Only the Poor Go To Prison
You can go to the prisons of Georgia , and I do n't know , it may be that poor people are the only ones who commit crimes , but I do know that they are the only ones who serve prison sentences .
When Ellis MacDougall first went to Reidsville , he found people that had been in solitary confinement for 10 years .
We now have 500 misdemeanants in the Georgia prison system .
Well , I do n't know the theory of law , but there is one other point I want to make , just for your own consideration .
I think we 've made great progress in the Pardons and Paroles Board since I 've been in office and since we 've reorganized the government .
We have five very enlightened people there now .
And on occasion they go out to the prison system to interview the inmates , to decide whether or not they are worthy to be released after they serve one third of their sentence .
I think most jurors and most judges feel that , when they give the sentence , they know that after a third of the sentence has gone by , they will be eligible for careful consideration .
Just think for a moment about your own son or your own father or your own daughter being in prison , having served 7 years of a lifetime term and being considered for a release .
Do n't you think that they ought to be examined and that the Pardons and Paroles Board ought to look them in the eye and ask them a question and , if they are turned down , ought to give them some substantive reason why they are not released and what they can do to correct their defect ?
I do .
I think it 's just as important at their time for consideration of early release as it is even when they are sentenced .
But , I do n't know how to bring about that change .
We had an ethics bill in the state legislature this year .
Half of it passed - to require an accounting for contributions during a campaign - but the part that applied to people after the campaign failed .
We could n't get through the requirement for revelation of payments to officeholders after they are in office .
The largest force against that ethics bill was the lawyers .
Some of you here tried to get a consumer protection package passed without success .
The regulatory agencies in Washington are made up , not of people to regulate industries , but of representatives of the industries that are regulated .
Is that fair and right an equitable ?
I do n't think so .
I 'm only going to serve 4 years as governor , as you know .
I think that 's enough .
I enjoy it , but I think I 've done all I can in the governor 's office .
I see the lobbyists in the state capital filling the halls on occasions .
Good people , competent people , the most pleasant , personable , extroverted citizens of Georgia .
Those are the characteristics that are required for a lobbyist .
They represent good folks ,
But I can tell you that when a lobbyist goes to represent the Peanut Warehouseman 's Association of the Southeast , which I belong to , they go there to represent the peanut warehouseman .
They do n't go there to represent the customers of the peanut warehouseman .
When the Chamber of Commerce lobbyists go there , they go there to represent the businessman of Georgia .
They do n't go there to represent the customers of the businessman of Georgia .
When your own organization is interested in some legislation there in the capitol , they 're interested in the welfare or prerogatives or authority of the lawyers .
They are not there to represent in any sort of exclusive way the client of the lawyers .
The American Medical Association and its Georgia equivalent - they represent the doctors , who are fine people .
But they certainly do n't represent the patients of a doctor .
As an elected governor , I feel that responsibility ; but I also know that my qualifications are slight compared to the doctors or the lawyers or the teachers , to determine what 's best for the client or the patient or the schoolchild .
Striving For Fairness And Equity
This bothers me ; and I know that if there was a commitment on the part of the cumulative group of attorneys in this state , to search with a degree of commitment and fervency , to eliminate many of the inequities that I 've just described that I thought of this morning , our state could be transformed in the attitude of its people toward the government .
Senator Kennedy described the malaise that exists in this nation - and it does .
In closing , I 'd like to just illustrate the point by something that came to mind this morning when I was talking to Senator Kennedy about his trip to Russia .
When I was about 12 years old , I liked to read , and I had a school principal , named Miss Julia Coleman , Judge Marshall knows her .
She forced me pretty much to read , read , read , classical books .
She would give me a gold star when I read 10 and a silver star when I read 5 .
One day , she called me in and she said , " Jimmy , I think it 's time for you to read ' War and Peace . ' "
I was completely relieved because I thought it was a book about cowboys and Indians .
Well , I went to the library and checked it out , and it was 1,415 pages thick , I think , written by Tolstoy , as you know , about Napoleon 's entry into Russia in the 1812 - 15 era .
He had never been defeated , and he was sure he could win , but he underestimated the severity of the Russian winter and the peasants ' love for their land .
To make a long story short , the next spring he retreated in defeat .
The course of history was changed ; it probably affected our own lives .
The point of the book is , and what Tolstoy points out in the epilogue is , that he did n't write the book about Napoleon or the Czar of Russia or even the generals , except in a rare occasion .
He wrote it about the students and the housewives and the barbers and the farmers and the privates in the army .
And the point of the book is that the course of human events , even the greatest historical events , are not determined by the leaders of a nation or a state , like Presidents or governors or senators .
They are controlled by the combined wisdom and courage and commitment and discernment and unselfishness and compassion and love and idealism of the common ordinary people .
If that was true in the case of Russia where they had a czar or France where they had an emperor , how much more true is it in our own case where the Constitution charges us with a direct responsibility for determining what our government is and ought to be ?
Well , I 've read parts of the embarrassing transcripts , and I 've seen the proud statement of a former attorney general , who protected his boss , and now brags on the fact that he tiptoed through a mine field and came out " clean . "
I can't imagine somebody like Thomas Jefferson tiptoeing through a mine field on the technicalities of the law , and then bragging about being clean afterwards .
I think our people demand more than that .
I believe that everyone in this room who is in a position of responsibility as a preserver of the law in its purest form ought to remember the oath that Thomas Jefferson and others took when they practically signed their own death warrant , writing the Declaration of Independence - to preserve justice and equity and freedom and fairness , they pledged their lives , their fortunes and their sacred honor .
Thank you very much .
References
In April , an extraordinary auction will provide an unprecedented look into the private world of Michael Jackson .
More than 2,000 items , ranging from personal effects and costumes to pieces from Jackson 's private art collection as well as fittings and furnishings from his Neverland ranch , will be up for sale at a four - day public auction at the Beverly Hilton hotel in Los Angeles .
Given the continuing fascination that the self - styled King of Pop exerts over the public imagination , Darren Julien , the affable Los Angeles - based auctioneer of celebrity merchandise who is directing the sale , expects a media circus to descend on the hotel as well as tribes of devoted Jackson fans from all corners of the globe .
Select lots are to be sent on a touring exhibition that will arrive in Dublin and London in March before a full - scale exhibition opens for one week in Beverly Hills prior to the sale .
The idea , Julien says , is to create the kind of spectacle with which Michael Jackson has been so often associated throughout his career .
This is the first sale that the superstar has sanctioned of his property .
Michael took legal action in 2007 to try , unsuccessfully , to halt an auction held in Las Vegas of Jackson family items that had been acquired by New Jersey businessman Henry Vaccaro .
This new auction seems to mark Jackson 's severance from Neverland , his Xanadu and a symbol of his success as well as his largesse .
The ranch opened as a private amusement park in 1988 , with its own zoo and Ferris wheel , roller coaster and bumper cars .
It was named after Peter Pan 's fantasy island where children never grow up , and for years children would arrive by the busload , invited to play freely in its grounds .
But following the 2005 child molestation trial - which saw Jackson acquitted of all charges - the singer never returned to the 2,800 - acre property in the Santa Ynez Valley , north - west of Los Angeles .
There were stories of him pitching up in Dubai , Dublin and Las Vegas before he started renting a seven - bedroom mansion in Bel - Air , Los Angeles , earlier this year .
The 50 - year - old star was said to be defaulting on payments on vast loans , and while he is thought to retain an interest in Neverland through his involvement with a private investment company , Colony Capital , he has said that the police investigation of the premises " violated " it in his eyes .
Before it was recently renamed Sycamore Valley Ranch , and at Jackson 's request , Darren Julien and his team were brought in to scrutinise the ranch .
What they found inside was the most astonishing collection of objects these experienced auctioneers said they had ever seen in a celebrity home .
" It seemed as if everything he owned was made of bronze and marble and gold , " says Michael Doyle , who catalogued the sale items , as well as determining their value .
Jackson surrounded himself with regal finery .
There were suits of armour , display cases of custom - made crowns and an ornately carved throne with red velvet upholstering in his bedroom .
" King Michael " even had a royal cape , a Father 's Day present inscribed inside with a message from his children " Princess Paris " and " Prince Michael " .
In the lobby of the house was a commissioned portrait of Jackson as a young man in Elizabethan dress , holding a crown on a velvet pillow .
Julien and his team spent almost two months at Neverland last summer , meticulously cataloguing 2,000 items , which will be sorted into 1,500 lots .
Cranes and forklifts were brought in to dismantle the fairground rides and move the ornate bronze sculptures scattered across 38 acres of the estate .
In a nondescript warehouse on the outskirts of Los Angeles , the famed gates of the Neverland ranch now sit against a wall .
The interior of the warehouse is littered with the ornaments that once decorated the grounds .
There are bronze statues of frolicking cherubs , replica marble busts of Roman emperors , a huge statue of Prometheus that used to sit on a skull near the entrance .
On shelves there are child - size diesel - powered race cars that used to zoom around the grounds .
There is a Pope - mobile - style electric buggy fitted with tinted windows and stereo system .
Another buggy has the King of Pop 's face painted on its bonnet .
The sale also includes vintage video game machines , as well as Jackson 's collection of 18th - and 19th - century art .
There are books about Disney , the Three Stooges , Peter Pan and Alfred Hitchcock , as well as a collection of black history books , including the autobiography of Malcolm X .
Then there is a selection of his own stage costumes , dating back from the days of the Jackson 5 through to the present .
There is one of the fedoras he wore in the video for Billie Jean ; a pair of trousers so studded with diamanté that they feel as heavy as chain mail ; there are customised military jackets , featuring insignia surely acquired on his global travels - including badges from the Royal Air Force and the Thai Narcotics Bureau .
While the lots are " priced as if you and I had owned them , not as if they were owned by Michael Jackson " , according to Martin J Nowlan , the Irish co-owner of Julien 's Auctions , this is " certainly not a fire sale " of Jackson 's belongings - there is , he says , much more to the singer 's hoardings .
But it would seem to have a personal significance , perhaps symbolising the point at which Jackson himself feels finally able to divest himself of much that conspired to tarnish his career in order to begin anew .
• This article was amended on Sunday 22 February 2009 .
We placed Michael Jackson 's Neverland estate " 130 miles west of Los Angeles " , which would put it miles out in the Pacific Ocean .
Neverland is north west of LA .
This has been corrected .
Introduction
This phrasebook contains a collection of idioms , various ways of accomplishing common tasks , tricks and useful things to know , in Perl and Python side - by - side .
I hope this will be useful for people switching from Perl to Python , and for people deciding which to choose .
The first part of the phrasebook is based on Tom Christiansen 's Perl Data Structures Cookbook .
I have only been working on this for a short time , so many of the translations could probably be improved , and the format could be greatly cleaned up .
I will get the data - structures cookbook translated first and then go back to clean up the code .
Also , since I have been using Python for far less time than Perl , there are certainly idioms I do n't know or that I will misuse .
Please feel free to fix and update .
--
Other references : PLEAC .
--
Thanks to David Ascher , Guido van Rossum , Tom Christiansen , Larry Wall and Eric Daniel for helpful comments .
--
TODO :
break up into multiple smaller pages
use modern Python idioms
use modern Perl idioms
add more points of comparison
Use sorted ( ) where appropriate once 2.4 has been out a while .
Get rid of map ( ) where possible .
Simple types ( strings , lists , dictionaries , etc. )
Common tasks ( reading from a file , exception handling , splitting strings , regular expression manipulation , etc. )
Sections 4 and 5 of the Perl Data Structures Cookbook .
Vertical whitespace needs fixing .
QUESTIONS :
Should function and data structure names for python code be in python_style ( and more appropriate / informative ) ?
The obvious
Python do n't need no steenking semicolons .
The not so obvious
There are many Integrated Development Environments , ( IDEs ) , for Python that are usually recommended to new users and used by seasoned Python programmers alike .
The Idle IDE is a TK based GUI providing language - aware editing , debugging and command line shell for Python that is part of the Python distribution .
Many of the python examples shown can be experimented with in the Idle IDE .
Simple types
Strings
Creating a string
$s = ' a string ' ;
s = ' a string '
The $ in Perl indicates a scalar variable , which may hold a string , a number , or a reference .
There 's no such thing as a string variable in Python , where variables may only hold references .
You can program in a Pythonesque subset of Perl by restricting yourself to scalar variables and references .
The main difference is that Perl does n't do implicit dereferencing like Python does .
Quoting
$ s1 = " some string " ; $ s2 = " a string with
control characters
" ; $ s3 = 'a " quoted " string ' ; $ s4 = " a ' quoted ' string " ; $ s5 = qq / a string with ' " both kinds of quotes / ; $ s6 = " another string with ' \ " both kinds of quotes " ; $ s7 = 'a stri
g that au\tomatically escapes backslashes ' ; foreach my $ i ( $ s1 , $ s2 , $ s3 , $ s4 , $ s5 , $ s6 , $ s7 ) { print " $i
" ; }
s1 = " some string " s2 = " a string with
control characters
" s3 = 'a " quoted " string ' s4 = " a ' quoted ' string " s5 = '' ' a string with ' " both kinds of quotes ' '' s6 = " another string with ' \ " both kinds of quotes " s7 = r" a stri
g that au\tomatically escapes backslashes " for i in ( s1 , s2 , s3 , s4 , s5 , s6 , s7 ) : print i
In both languages , strings can be single - quoted or double - quoted .
In Python , there is no difference between the two except that in single - quoted strings double - quotes need not be escaped by doubling them , and vice versa .
In Perl , double - quoted strings have control characters and variables interpolated inside them ( see below ) and single - quoted strings do not .
Both languages provide other quoting mechanisms ;
Python uses triple quotes ( single or double , makes no difference ) for multi-line strings ;
Python has the r prefix ( r" some string " or r'some string ' or r " " " some string " " " or r''' some string ' '' ) to indicate strings in which backslash is automatically escaped -- highly useful for regular expressions .
Perl has very elaborate ( and very useful ) quoting mechanisms ; see the operators q , qq , qw , qx , etc. in the PerlManual .
Quoting is definitely one of the areas where Perl excels .
Note that in Perl you can always replace foreach with for , which is shorter ; but explicitly writing foreach is clearer , so you do n't confuse it with the other kind of for .
Interpolation
$ name = " Fred " ; $ header1 = " Dear $ name , " ; $ title = " Dr. " ; $ header2 = " Dear $ title $ name , " ; print " $ header1
$ header2
" ;
name = " Fred " header1 = " Dear %s , " % name title = " Dr. " header2 = " Dear %( title ) s % ( name ) s , " % vars ( ) print header1 print header2
Perl 's interpolation is much more convenient , though slightly less powerful than Python 's % operator .
Remember that in Perl variables are interpolated within double - quoted strings , but not single - quoted strings .
Perl has a function sprintf that uses the % conversion á la C ; so the above lines could have been written :
$ name = " Fred " ; $ header1 = sprintf " Dear %s , " , $ name ; $ title = " Dr. " ; $ header2 = sprintf " Dear %s %s , " , $ name , $ title ;
Python's % ( format ) operator is generally the way to go when you have more than minimal string formatting to do ( you can use + for concatenation , and [ :] for slicing ) .
It has three forms .
In the first , there is a single % specifier in the string ; the specifiers are roughly those of C's sprintf .
The right - hand side of the format operator specifies the value to be used at that point :
x = 1.0/3.0 s = ' the value of x is roughly %.4f ' % x
If you have several specifiers , you give the values in a list on the right hand side :
x = 1.0/3.0 y = 1.0/4.0 s = ' the value of x ,y is roughly %.4 f , %.4f ' % ( x , y )
Finally , you can give a name and a format specifier :
x = 1.0/3.0 y = 1.0/4.0 s = ' the value of x ,y is roughly %( x ) . 4 f , %(y ) . 4f ' % vars ( )
The name in parentheses is used as a key into the dictionary you provide on the right - hand side ; its value is formatted according to the specifier following the parentheses .
Some useful dictionaries are locals ( ) ( the local symbol table ) , globals ( ) ( the global symbol table ) , and vars ( ) ( equivalent to locals ( ) except when an argument is given , in which case it returns arg .__dict__ ) .
PEP215 proposed a $ " $ var " substitution mode as an alternative to " %( var ) s " % locals ( ) , but was rejected in favour of the explicit Template class proposed in PEP292 , which required no syntax changes .
Modifying a string
$ s1 = " new string " ; # change to new string $ s2 = " new
string \with
new
lines " ; # change to new string $ s2 =~ s/
/ [ newline ] / g ; # substitute newlines with the text " [ newline ] " $ s2 = substr $ s2 , 0 , 3 , ' ' ; # extract the first 3 chars : " new " print " $s1
$ s2
" ;
s1 = " new string " # change to new string # substitute newlines with the text " [ newline ] " s2 = s2.replace ( "
" , " [ newline ] " ) s2 = s 2 [ :3 ] print s1 print s2
In Perl , strings are mutable ; the third assignment modifies s2 .
In Python , strings are immutable , so you have to do this operation a little differently , by slicing the string into the appropriate pieces .
A Python string is just an array of characters , so all of the array operations are applicable to strings .
In particular , if a is an array , a[x : y ] is the slice of a from index x up to , but not including , index y .
If x is omitted , the slice starts at the beginning of the array ; if y is omitted , the slice ends at the last element .
If either index is negative , the length of the array is added to it .
So a [ - 4 : ] is the last four characters of a .
In Perl , slicing is performed by giving the array a list of indices to be included in the slice .
This list can be any arbitrary list and by using the range operator ... , you can get Python like slicing .
If any of the indices in the list is out of bounds an undef is inserted there .
@array = ( ' zero ' , ' one ' , ' two ' , ' three ' , ' four ' ) # slicing with range operator to generate slice index list @slice = @array [ 0..2 ] # returns ( ' zero ' , ' one ' , ' two ' ) #
Using arbitary index lists @slice = @array [ 0, 3,2 ] # returns ( ' zero ' , ' three ' , ' two ' ) @slice = @array [ 0, 9,1 ] # returns ( ' zero ' , undef , ' one ' )
Note : Perl range operator uses a closed interval .
To get the range to the end of the array , the last index must be used as
@a= ( 1,2,3,4,5 ) ; $ # a ; # last index , 4 , because the firs index is 0 as in Python . @ a [ 2 ..$ #a ] # as Python's a [ 2 : ]
Importing
In Perl a module is simply a package with a package name .
( see : perldoc -f package ) .
The symbols exported by the module depends on the module itself .
The module may export symbols - mostly functions - by default , on request or none of them .
In the latter case the module usually a class or has special access , like File : : Spec .
In Perl the module interfaces may vary - see the doc of the particular module .
use Module ; # imports module .
It module exports symbols by default , those appeare in the package namespace .
use Module qw( symbol1 symbol2 symbol3 ) ; # preferred or use Module " symbol1 " ;
from module import symbol1 , symbol2 , symbol3 # Allows mysymbol.func( ) from module import symbol1 as mysymbol #
Unless the module is specifically designed for this kind of import , do n't use it from module import * module.func ( )
Common tasks
Reading a file as a list of lines
my $ filename = " cooktest1.1 - 1 " ; open my $f , $ filename or die " ca n't open $ filename : $ !
" ; @lines = < $f > ;
filename = " cooktest1.1 - 1 " f = open ( filename ) # Python has exceptions with somewhat - easy to # understand error messages .
If the file could # not be opened , it would say " No such file or # directory : % filename " which is as # understandable as " ca n't open $ filename : " lines = f.readlines ( )
In Perl , variables are always preceded by a symbol that indicates their type .
A $ indicates a simple type ( number , string or reference ) , an @ indicates an array , a % indicates a hash ( dictionary ) .
In Python , objects must be initialized before they are used , and the initialization determines the type .
For example , a = [ ] creates an empty array a , d = {} creates an empty dictionary .
looping over files given on the command line or stdin
The useful Perl idiom of :
while ( <> ) { ... # code for each line }
loops over each line of every file named on the commandline when executing the script ; or , if no files are named , it will loop over every line of the standard input file descriptor .
The Python fileinput module does a similar task :
import fileinput for line in fileinput.input ( ) : ... # code to process each line
The fileinput module also allows inplace editing or editing with the creation of a backup of the files , and a different list of files can be given instead of taking the command line arguments .
In more recent python versions , files can act as iterators , so you would just write :
for line in open ( filename ) : ... # code to process each line
If you want to read from standard in , then use it as the filename :
import sys for line in open ( sys.stdin ) : ... # code to process each line
If you want to loop over several filenames given on the command line , then you could write an outer loop over the command line .
( You might also choose to use the fileinput module as noted above ) .
import sys for fname in sys.argv [ 1 : ] for line in open ( fname ) : ... # code to process each line
Some general comparisons
This section is under construction ; for the moment I am just putting random notes here .
I will organize them later .
Perl 's regular expressions are much more accessible than those of Python being embedded in Perl syntax in contrast to Pythons import of its re module .
Perl 's quoting mechanisms are more powerful than those of Python .
I find Python 's syntax much cleaner than Perl's
I find Perl 's syntax too flexible , leading to silent errors .
The -w flag and use strict helps quite a bit , but still not as much as Python .
I like Python 's small core with a large number of standard libraries .
Perl has a much larger core , and though many libraries are available , since they are not standard , it is often best to avoid them for portability .
While most of the concerns are subjective here this one is obviously wrong .
Perl has standard modules - eg. File :: Spec - , and in general the module portability does not second to Python's .
On the other hand , the CPAN - central module library - is a central module repository with elaborat interfaces .
Python 's object model is very uniform , allowing you , for example , to define types that can be used wherever a standard file object can be used .
Python allows you to define operators for user - defined types .
The operator overloading facility in Perl is provided as an add - on --- the overload module .
Lists of lists
The Perl code in this section is taken , with permission , almost directly from Tom Christiansen 's Perl Data Structures Cookbook , part 1 , release 0.1 , with a few typos fixed .
Lists of lists : preliminaries
sub printSep { print " = " x 60 , "
" } sub printLoL { my ( $s , $ lol ) = @_ ; print " $s
" ; foreach my $l ( @$lol ) { print " @{$l}
" ; } printSep ( ) ; } # which is longhand for : sub printLoL { print " $ _ [ 0 ]
" ; print " @$ _
" foreach @ {$ _ [ 1]} ; printSep ( ) ; } # or even : sub printLoL { print " $ _ [ 0 ]
" , map ( " @$ _
" , @ { $ _ [ 1 ]} ) , " = " x 60 , "
" ; } # return numeric ( or other ) converted to string sub somefunc { " " .
shift }
def printSep ( ) : print ' =' * 60 def printLoL(s , lol ) : out = [ s ] + [ " " . join ( str ( elem ) ) for elem in lol ] print "
" .join ( out ) printSep ( ) def somefunc ( i ) : return str( i ) # string representation of i
printLoL pretty - prints a list of lists .
printSep prints a line of equal signs as a separator .
somefunc is a function that is used in various places below .
Lost in the translation
In converting Perl examples so directly to Python , whilst initially useful , the casual browser should be aware that the task of printLoL is usually accomplished by just
print lol
As Python can print default string representations of all objects .
An import of the pprint at the beginning of a module would then allow
pprint ( lol )
to substitute for all cases of printLol in a more ' pythonic ' way .
( pprint gives even more formatting options when printing data structures ) .
requires / imports
import sys
Perl 's use is roughly equivalent to Python 's import .
Perl has much more built in , so nothing here requires importing .
" Some people , when confronted with a problem , think ' I know , I 'll use regular expressions . '
Now they have two problems . "
- Jamie Zawinski
For many simple operations , Perl will use a regular expression where Pythonic code wo n't .
Should you really need to use regular expressions , import the re module .
Declaration of a list of lists
@LoL = ( [ " fred " , " barney " ] , [ " george " , " jane " , " elroy " ] , [ " homer " , " marge " , " bart " ] , ) ; @LoLsave = @LoL ; # for later printLoL ' Families : ' , \@LoL ;
LoL = [ [ " fred " , " barney " ] , [ " george " , " jane " , " elroy " ] , [ " homer " , " marge " , " bart " ] ]
LoLsave = LoL [ :]
# See comment below printLoL ( ' Families : ' , LoL )
In Python , you are always dealing with references to objects .
If you just assign one variable to another , e.g. ,
a = [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] b = a
you have just made b refer to the same array as a .
Changing the values in b will affect a .
Sometimes what you want is to make a copy of a list , so you can manipulate it without changing the original .
In this case , you want to make a new list whose elements are copies of the elements of the original list .
This is done with a full array slice --- the start of the range defaults to the beginning of the list and the end defaults to the end of the list , so
a = [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] b = a[ : ]
makes a separate copy of a .
Note that this is not necessarily the same thing as a deep copy , since references in the original array will be shared with references in the new array :
a = [ [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] , [ 4 , 5 , 6 ] ] b = a[ : ] b [ 0 ] [ 0 ] = 999 print a [ 0 ] [ 0 ] # prints
999
You can make a deep copy using the copy module :
import copy a = [ [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] , [ 4 , 5 , 6 ] ] b = copy.deepcopy( a ) b [ 0 ] [ 0 ] = 999 print a [ 0 ] [ 0 ] # prints 1
Generation of a list of lists
Reading from a file line by line
open my $f , " cookbook.data1 " or die $ ! ; my @LoL ; while ( < $f > ) { push @ LoL , [ split ] ; } printLoL " read from a file : " , \@LoL ;
LoL = [ ] for line in open ( ' cookbook.data1 ' ) : LoL.append ( line [ :- 1].split( ) ) printLoL ( ' read from a file : ' , LoL )
Unless you expect to be reading huge files , or want feedback as you read the file , it is easier to slurp the file in in one go .
In Perl , reading from a file - handle , e.g. , < STDIN > , has a context - dependent effect .
If the handle is read from in a scalar context , like $ a = < STDIN > ; , one line is read .
If it is read in a list context , like @a = < STDIN > ; the whole file is read , and the call evaluates to a list of the lines in the file .
Reading from a file in one go
open my $f , " cookbook.data1 " or die $ ! ; @ LoL = map [ split ] , < $f > ; printLoL " slurped from a file : " , \@LoL ;
LoL = [ line [ :- 1].split( ) for line in open ( ' cookbook.data1 ' ) ] printLoL ( " slurped from a file : " , LoL )
Thanks to Adam Krolnik for help with the Perl syntax here .
Filling a list of lists with function calls
foreach my $ i ( 0 .. 9 ) { $ LoL [ $i ] = [ somefunc $ i ] ; } printLoL ( " filled with somefunc : " , \@LoL ) ;
LoL = [ 0 ]
* 10 # populate the array -- see comment below for i in range ( 10 ) : LoL[ i ] = somefunc ( i ) # assuming that somefunc ( i ) returns the list that we want printLoL ( ' filled with somefunc : ' , LoL )
Or :
LoL = [ ] for i in range ( 10 ) : LoL.append ( somefunc( i ) ) printLoL ( ' filled with somefunc : ' , LoL )
Alternatively , you can use a list comprehension :
LoL = [ somefunc ( i ) for i in range ( 10 ) ] printLoL ( ' filled with somefunc : ' , LoL )
In python :
You have to populate the matrix -- this does n't happen automatically in Python .
It does n't matter what type the initial elements of the matrix are , as long as they exist .
Filling a list of lists with function calls , using temporaries
foreach my $ i ( 0..9 ) { @tmp = somefunc $ i ; $ LoL [ $i ] = [ @tmp ] ; } printLoL ( " filled with somefunc via temps : " , \@LoL ) ;
for i in range ( 10 ) : tmp = somefunc ( i ) LoL[ i ] = tmp printLoL ( ' filled with somefunc via temps : ' , LoL )
@LoL = map [ somefunc $ _ ] , 0..9 ; printLoL ' filled with map ' , \@LoL ;
LoL = map( lambda x : somefunc( x ) , range ( 10 ) ) printLoL ( ' filled with map ' , LoL )
Both Perl and Python allow you to map an operation over a list , or to loop through the list and apply the operation yourself .
I do n't believe it is advisable to choose one of these techniques to the exclusion of the other --- there are times when looping is more understandable , and times when mapping is .
If conceptually the idea you want to express is " do this to each element of the list " , I would recommend mapping because it expresses this precisely .
If you want more precise control of the flow during this process , particularly for debugging , use loops .
Tom Christiansen suggests that it is often better to make it clear that a function is being defined , by writing :
@LoL = map { [ somefunc ( $_ ) ] } 0..9 ;
rather than
@LoL = map [ somefunc ( $_ ) ] , 0..9 ;
or
@LoL = map ( [ somefunc ( $ _ ) ] , 0..9 ) ;
Adding to an existing row in a list of lists
@LoL = @ LoLsave ; # start afresh push @ {$ LoL [ 0]} , " wilma " , " betty " ; printLoL ( ' after appending to first element : ' , \@LoL ) ;
LoL = LoLsave [ :] # start afresh LoL [ 0 ] += [ " wilma " , " betty " ] printLoL ( ' after appending to first element : ' , LoL )
In python , the + operator is defined to mean concatenation for sequences .
The + operator returns a new list object .
Alternative to the above code that modify the original list object is to append each element of the list to LoL [ 0 ] :
LoL [ 0 ] .append ( " wilma " ) LoL [ 0 ] .append ( " betty " )
Or to extend :
LoL [ 0 ].extend ( [ " wilma " , " betty " ] )
Accessing elements of a list of lists
One element
$ LoL [ 0 ] [ 0 ] = " Fred " ; print ( " first element is now $ LoL [ 0 ] [ 0 ]
" ) ; printSep ( ) ;
LoL [ 0 ] [ 0 ] = " Fred " print ' first element is now ' , LoL [ 0 ] [ 0 ] printSep ( )
Another element
# upcase the first letter of each word # s /( \w ) / \u$ 1/ is almost equivalent to Python .capitalize ( ) [ .capitalize ( ) also lowercases the remaining letters ] $ LoL [ 1 ] [ 1 ] =~ s{\b ( \w ) }{\u$ 1}g ; print ( " element 1 , 1 is now $ LoL [ 1 ] [ 1 ]
" ) ; printSep ( ) ;
LoL [ 1 ] [ 1 ] = LoL [ 1 ] [ 1] . title ( ) print ' element 1 , 1 is now ' , LoL [ 1 ] [ 1 ] printSep ( )
Perl 's regexp matching and substitution is enormously powerful ; see especially the new syntax for comments and whitespace inside regular expressions .
Python replaced its original regular expression module some years ago with one that closely matches the capabilities of Perls , including being able to do advanced RE tasks such as calling a function to provide the data for an RE substitution , and the optional inclusion of whitespace and comments in REs .
In Python , string methods are often used where Perl would use a regex .
Among these string methods are title ( ) and capitalize ( ) .
In the context of names , title ( ) will be used as it correctly changes " smith - jones " to " Smith - Jones " whereas capitalize ( ) would produce " Smith - jones " .
str2 = str1.capitalize( ) in Python is equivalent to $ str2 = ucfirst ( lc ( $str1 ) ) in Perl .
Python's str2 = str1.title( ) is equivalent to Perl's :
$ str2 = $ str1 ; $ str2 =~ s{\b ( \w ) ( \w* ) \b}{\u$1\L$2\E}g ;
This is because regular expression search and replace operations modify the string in place ( Perl strings are mutable ) .
Printing a list of lists
Print a list of lists using references
foreach my $ aref ( @ LoL ) { print " \t [ @ $aref ] ,
" ; } printSep ( ) ;
for a in LoL : print " \t [ %s ] , " % a printSep ( )
[ Need a pointer to the % operator ]
Print a list of lists using indices
foreach my $ i ( 0 .. $ # LoL ) { print " \t [ @ {$ LoL [ $i]} ] ,
" ; } printSep ( ) ;
for i in range ( len ( LoL ) ) : print " \t [ %s ] , " % LoL [ i ] printSep ( )
The highest valid index of an array A :
Perl : $ # A .
Python : len( A ) - 1 .
But note :
The highest valid upper bound to a python range is len( A ) as in
A[ 0:len ( A ) ]
Size of an array A :
Perl : scalar( @A )
Python : len( A )
Note : Perl does not really have a length operator like Python. scalar ( ) simply provides a scalar context , and in a scalar context an array returns its size .
( Perl is context - sensitive and things behave differently based on their context . )
Generate range of numbers :
Perl : ( 0..9 )
Python : range ( 0 , 10 ) or simply range ( 10 ) ( assumes 0 as initial )
Note : Perl uses a closed interval , while Python uses a closed - open interval .
You will notice that this pattern is quite consistently applied in both languages .
[ Link to details of the range function ]
Print a list of lists element by element
foreach my $ i ( 0 .. $ # LoL ) { foreach my $j ( 0 .. $ # {$ LoL [ $ i]} ) { print " elt $ i $j is $ LoL [ $ i ] [ $ j ]
" ; } } printSep ( ) ;
for i , mylist in enumerate ( LoL ) : for j , elem in enumerate ( mylist ) : print 'elt %d %d is %s ' % ( i , j , elem ) printSep ( )
Print a list of lists using map
sub printLine { print " @{shift ( ) }
" } map printLine ( $_ ) , @ LoL ; printSep ( ) ;
# This is legal but Do Not Do This def printLine( l ) : print " " . join ( l ) map( printLine , LoL ) printSep ( )
Print a list of lists using map and anonymous functions
print map " @$ _
" , @LoL ; printSep ( ) ;
# This is legal but Do Not Do This map( lambda x : sys.stdout.write ( " " . join ( x ) ) , LoL ) printSep ( )
The lack of true lambda expressions in Python is not really a problem , since all it means is that you have to provide a name for the function .
Since you can define a function within another function , this does not lead to namespace clutter .
In Perl , a function can be defined inside another function , but it is defined in the namespace of the current package .
If you need Python - like scoping of functions , you can create an anonymous subroutine and assign it to a lexically scoped variable :
# A Python function with its own private function def lolprint ( LoL ) : # Private function def lprint ( alist ) : print " " . join ( str ( alist ) ) map( lprint , LoL ) # Achieving the same in Perl sub lolprint { # Private function # ( function reference stored in a lexically scoped variable ) my $ lprint = sub { my $ list = shift ; print " @$ list " ; } ; map $ lprint - > ( $ _ ) , @_ ; } # In Perl , if you did this , the function is no longer private .
sub lolprint { #
This is not a private function sub lprint { my $ list = shift ; print " @$ list " ; } ; map lprint ( $_ ) , @_ ; }
Hashes / dictionaries of lists
The Perl code in this section is taken , with permission , almost directly from Tom Christiansen 's Perl Data Structures Cookbook , part 2 , release 0.1 , with a few typos fixed .
Associative arrays are containers that hold pairs of elements .
The first element of a pair is the key , the second is the value .
In Python , the key may be of any type which is hashable ( mutable data structures , like lists , sets , dictionaries , are no hashable ) .
In Perl , the keys of a hash are converted into strings , which means if you try to use a reference as a key , it will get converted to some string representation , and you will not be able to use it as a reference anymore .
Associative arrays are sometimes called maps , dictionaries ( Python , Smalltalk ) , or hashes ( Perl ) .
Preliminaries
sub printSep { print " = " x 60 , "
" } sub printHoL { my ( $s , $ hol ) = @_ ; print " $s
" ; foreach my $k ( sort keys ( % $hol ) ) { my ( $ v ) = $ hol - > { $k} ; print " $k : @$v
" ; } printSep ( ) ; } sub get_family { my ( $ group ) = @_ ; $ group =~ s/s $ // ; $ group = " \u$group " ; return ( " Mr - $ group " , " Mrs - $ group " , " $ group - Jr " ) ; }
def printSep ( ) : print ' =' * 60 def printHoL (s , hol ) : print s for key , value in sorted ( hol.items ( ) ) : print key , ' : ' , " " .join ( value ) printSep ( ) def get_family ( group ) : group = group. title ( ) return [ " Mr - " + group , " Mrs - " + group , group + " - Jr " ]
printHoL pretty - prints a hash / dictionary of lists .
printSep prints a line of equal signs as a separator .
get_family makes a list of names from a " group name " , e.g. , flintstones becomes [ " Mr- Flintstone " , " Mrs-Flintstone " , " Flintstone - Jr " ]
This is for generating lists to fill a hash / dictionary .
hol.items ( ) ` converts a dictionary to a list of ( key , value ) pairs , eg : [ ( ' flintstones ' , [ ' fred ' , ' barney ' ] ) , ( ' jetsons ' , [ ' george ' , ' jane ' , ' elroy ' ] ) , ( ' simpsons ' , [ ' homer ' , ' marge ' , ' bart ' ] ) ]
This list is then sorted ( sorting is in - place in python ) and then the pairs in the list are unpacked and used .
If you did n't care for the results to be sorted ( which is often true ) , you would simply do this :
sub printHoL { my ( $s , $ hol ) = @_ ; print " $s
" ; while ( my ( $k , $ v ) = each ( % $hol ) ) { print " $k : @$v
" ) } printSep ( ) ; }
def printHoL (s , hol ) : print s for key , value in hol.items ( ) : print key , ' : ' , " " .join ( value ) printSep ( )
Declaration of a hash of lists
%HoL = ( flintstones => [ " fred " , " barney " ] , jetsons => [ " george " , " jane " , " elroy " ] , simpsons => [ " homer " , " marge " , " bart " ] , ) ; printHoL ' names ' , \%HoL ;
HoL = { ' flintstones ' : [ ' fred ' , ' barney ' ] , ' jetsons ' : [ ' george ' , ' jane ' , ' elroy ' ] , ' simpsons ' : [ ' homer ' , ' marge ' , ' bart ' ] , } printHoL ( ' names ' , HoL )
In python , the print statement has very good default semantics --- most of the time , it does exactly what you want , putting a space between the arguments , and a newline at the end .
If you want more control over the formatting , use the % operator [ link to % operator ] : rather than
print k , ' : ' , " " .join (
v )
you could use
print " %s : %s " % ( k , " " .join ( v ) )
to avoid the space before the colon .
Note that both Perl and python let you have a comma after the last element of a list .
This is especially useful for automatically generated lists , where you do n't want to have to worry about a special case at the end .
Larry Wall says :
The Perl code can be written in a more Pythonesque way , and means pretty much the identical thing .
Perl always uses scalar variables for references .
Note the brackets rather than the parens to get an anonymous hash constructor .
$ HoL = { flintstones => [ " fred " , " barney " ] , jetsons => [ " george " , " jane " , " elroy " ] , simpsons => [ " homer " , " marge " , " bart " ] , } ; printHoL ( \'names\ ' , $ HoL ) ;
Note that since $ HoL is already a ref , the \\ is no longer necessary .
Initializing hashes of lists
Initializing hashes of lists from a file
The file is assumed to consist of a sequence of lines of the form :
flintstones : fred barney wilma dino
my %HoL ; open my $f , " cookTest . 2 " or die $ ! ; while ( < $ f > ) { next unless s/^(.*? ):\s*//;
$ HoL {$ 1} = [ split ] ; } printHoL ' read from file cookTest.2 ' , \%HoL ;
HoL = {} for line in open ( ' cookTest.2 ' ) : try : surname , people = line.split ( " : " , 1 ) except ValueError : # can't split on " : " so no " : " in the line continue HoL[ surname ] = people.split( ) printHoL ( ' read from file cookTest.2 ' , HoL )
Note that the Perl hash does n't need to be initialized .
Reading into a hash of lists from a file with temporaries
# flintstones : fred barney wilma dino open my $f , " cookTest. 3 " or die $ ! ; my %HoL ; while ( defined ( my $ line = < $f > ) ) { next unless $ line =~ /:/ ; ( $ who , $ rest ) = split /:\s*/ , $ line , 2 ; @fields = split ' ' , $rest ; $ HoL { $ who} = [ @fields ] ; } printHoL ' read from cookTest.3 ' , \%HoL ;
HoL = {} for line in open ( ' cookTest.3 ' ) : try : n = line .index ( " : " ) except ValueError : # " : " not found continue who , rest = line [ :n ] , line [ n+1 : ] # n+1 skips the colon fields = rest.split ()
HoL [ who ] = fields printHoL ( ' read from cookTest.3 ' , HoL )
Initializing a hash of lists from function calls
For each key of the hash , we call a function that creates a list , and associate the key with this list .
my %HoL ; foreach my $ group ( qw/ simpsons jetsons flintstones / ) {
$ HoL { $ group} = [ get_family $ group ] ; } printHoL ' filled by get_family ' , \%HoL ;
HoL = {} for group in ( " simpsons " , " jetsons " , " flintstones " ) : HoL [ group ] = get_family ( group ) printHoL ( ' filled by get_family ' , HoL )
The python section could [ but should NOT ] have been written :
HoL={} def set ( group , hol=HoL ) : hol[ group ] = get_family ( group ) map ( set , ( " simpsons " , " jetsons " , " flintstones " ) ) printHoL ( ' filled by get_family ' , HoL )
The Perl section could have been written :
my % Hol ; map { $ HoL {$_} = [ get_family $ _ ] } qw / simpsons jetsons flintstones / ;
The Perl section could also have been written like this ( each of the control statements , if , unless , while , until , foreach , etc. , can be written as a " modifier " at the end of a statement ) :
my %HoL ; $ HoL {$_} = [ get_family $ _ ] foreach ( qw/ simpsons jetsons flintstones / ) ;
Initializing a hash of lists from function calls with temporaries
For each key of the hash , we call a function that creates a list , and associate the key with this list .
The list is assigned to a local variable ( where it could be modified , for example ) .
my %HoL ; foreach my $ group ( qw / simpsons jetsons flintstones / ) { my @members = get_family $ group ; $ HoL { $ group} = [ @members ] ; } printHoL 'by get_family with temps ' , \%HoL ;
HoL = {} for group in ( " simpsons " , " jetsons " , " flintstones " ) : members = get_family ( group ) HoL[ group ] = members printHoL ( ' by get_family with temps ' , HoL )
Append to a list in a hash of lists
We want to add two strings to the list of strings indexed by the name flintstones .
push @{ $ HoL{flintstones} } , " wilma " , " betty " ; print " @{$HoL{flintstones}}
" ) ; printSep ( ) ;
HoL [ ' flintstones ']. extend ( [ ' wilma ' , ' betty ' ] ) print " " .join ( HoL [' flintstones ' ] ) printSep ( )
Note :
There is a big difference between the above two examples , which create a new list , leaving the original list object unchanged ; and the following two examples , which modify the original list .
HoL [ ' flintstones ' ] += [ ' wilma ' , ' betty ' ] print " " .join ( HoL [' flintstones ' ] ) printSep ( )
$ HoL{'flintstones'} = [ @{ $ HoL{' flintstones '} } , " wilma " , " betty " ] ; print " @{$HoL{flintstones}}
" ) ; printSep ( ) ;
Access elements of a hash of lists
Access a single element
Assign to the first element of the list indexed by flintstones .
$ HoL{flintstones} [ 0 ] = " Fred " ; print $ HoL{flintstones} [ 0 ] , "
" ; printSep ( ) ;
HoL [' flintstones ' ] [ 0 ] = " Fred " print HoL [ ' flintstones ' ] [ 0 ] printSep ( )
Tom Christiansen explains when you do n't need quotes around strings in Perl :
It 's whenever you have a bareword ( identifier token ) in braces .
Thus $ {blah} and $ something { blah} do n't need quotes .
If blah were a function then you would have to use $ something {blah ( ) } to overwrite the stringificiation .
Barewords are autoquoted in braces and as the LHS operand of =&rt ; as well .
Change a single element
This upcases the first letter in the second element of the array indexed by simpsons .
# another element
$ HoL{simpsons } [ 1 ] =~ s/(\w ) /\u$ 1 / ; printHoL ' after modifying an element ' , \%HoL ;
HoL [ ' simpsons ' ] [ 1 ] = HoL [ ' simpsons ' ] [ 1] . title ( ) printHoL ( ' after modifying an element ' , HoL )
Print a hash of lists
Various different ways of printing it out .
Simple print
Printed sorted by family name , in the format :
family1 : member1 - 1 member1 - 2... family2 : member2 - 1 member2-2... ...
foreach my $ family ( sort keys % HoL ) { print " $ family : @{ $ HoL{ $ family} }
" ; } printSep ( ) ;
families = sorted ( HoL.items ( ) ) ; for surname , members in families : print ' %s : %s ' % ( surname , " " .join ( members ) ) printSep ( )
Print with indices
for my $ family ( sort keys % HoL ) { print " family : " ; for my $ i ( 0 .. $ #{ $ HoL{$family}} ) { print " $ i = $ HoL{$family } [ $i ] " ; } print "
" ; } printSep ( ) ;
for surname in sorted ( HoL.keys ( ) ) : print ' surname : ' , for i , member in enumerate ( HoL[ surname ] ) : print ' %d = %s ' % ( i , member ) , print printSep ( )
Print sorted by number of members
push ( @{$HoL{simpsons}} , ' Lisa ' ) ; for my $ family ( sort { @ {$ HoL {$b}} <=> @ {$ HoL {$a}} } keys % HoL ) { print " $ family : @{ $ HoL{ $ family} }
" }
HoL [ ' simpsons ' ] += [ ' Lisa ' ] def keyNumberMembers ( x ) : return len ( x [ 1 ] ) families = HoL.items ( ) families.sort ( key=keyNumberMembers ) for surname , members in families : print " %s : " % surname , " " .join ( members )
You can use a lambda expression in python here , too , though I do n't find it very readable :
HoL [ ' simpsons ' ] += [ ' Lisa ' ] families = HoL.items ( ) families.sort ( key=lambda x : len ( x [ 1 ] ) ) for surname , members in k : print " %s : " % surname , " " .join ( members ) )
Print sorted by number of members , and by name within each list
foreach my $ family ( sort { @ {$ HoL{$b}} <=> @ {$ HoL {$a}} } keys % HoL ) { print " $ family : @ { [ sort @{ $ HoL{$ family}} ]}
" ; }
families = HoL.items ( ) families.sort ( key=lambda x : len( x [ 1 ] ) ) for surname , members in families : members.sort ( ) print " %s : %s " % ( family , " , " .join ( members ) )
Do it more like the Perl version :
for surname , members in sorted ( HoL.items ( ) , key=lambda x : len ( x [ 1 ] ) ) : print " %s : %s " % ( family , " , " .join ( sorted ( members ) ) )
Lists of hashes / dictionaries
The Perl code in this section is taken , with permission , almost directly from Tom Christiansen 's Perl Data Structures Cookbook , part 3 , release 0.1 , with a few typos fixed .
Lists of hashes : preliminaries
sub printSep { print " = " x 60 , "
" } sub printLoH { my ( $s , $ loh ) = @_ ; print " $s
" ; foreach my $h ( @$ loh ) { print " [
" ; foreach my $k ( sort keys % $h ) { print " $k => $ h->{ $k}
" ; } print " ]
" ; } printSep ( ) ; }
import sys def printSep ( ) : print ' =' * 60 def printLoH ( s , loh ) : print s for h in loh : print " [ " items = h.items ( ) items.sort ( ) for key , val in items : print ' %s => %s ' % ( key , val ) print " ] " printSep ( )
The only reason I sort the keys here is to make sure that python and Perl print the elements of the dictionary in the same order .
Note that sorting in Perl generates a new list , while in python sorting is done in - place .
This means that you can avoid making a copy while sorting in python .
The disadvantage is a clumsier syntax for the common case where you do want a copy .
Larry
Wall says that in Perl , you almost always do want the copy ; I am not sure whether this is true in Python .
If you wanted to do the copy , you would just do this ( in Python 2.4 + ) :
import sys def printSep ( ) : print ' =' * 60 def printLoH ( s , loh ) : print s for h in loh : print " [ " for key , val in sorted ( h.items ( ) ) : print ' %s => %s ' % ( key , val ) print " ] " printSep ( )
Declaration of a list of hashes
@LoH = ( { Lead => " fred " , Friend => " barney " , } , { Lead => " george " , Wife => " jane " , Son => " elroy " , } , { Lead => " homer " , Wife => " marge " , Son => " bart " , } ) ; printLoH ( ' initial value ' , \@LoH ) ;
LoH = [ { " Lead " : " fred " , " Friend " : " barney " } , { " Lead " : " george " , " Wife " : " jane " , " Son " : " elroy " } , { " Lead " : " homer " , " Wife " : " marge " , " Son " : " bart " } ] printLoH ( ' initial value ' , LoH )
Generation of a list of hashes
Reading a list of hashes from a file
The format of the file is expected to be :
LEAD=fred FRIEND =barney LEAD=homer WIFE =marge ...
my @LoH ; open my $f , " cooktest . 4 " or die $ ! ; while ( < $ f > ) { my $rec = {} ; for my $ field ( split ) { ( $key , $ value ) = split /=/ , $ field ; $ rec - > { $ key} = $ value ; } push @ LoH , $ rec ; } printLoH ' after reading from file cooktest .
4 ' , LoH ;
LoH = [ ] for line in open ( " cooktest . 4 " ) rec = {} for field in line.split( ) : key , value = field .split ('=' , 1 ) rec[key ] = value LoH.append ( rec ) printLoH ( ' after reading from file cooktest . 4 ' , LoH )
Reading a list of hashes from a file without temporaries
my @LoH ; open my $f , " cooktest . 4 " or die $ ! ; while ( < $ f > ) { push @ LoH , { split / [ \s= ] +/ } ; } printLoH ( ' direct read from file ' , \@LoH ) ;
# This builds a list of ( key , value ) pairs , and then creates the # dictionary from those .
A temporary pairs is used for readability LoH = [ ] for line in open ( " cooktest . 4 " ) pairs = [ field.split( "= " , 1 ) for field in line.split ( ) ] LoH.append ( dict ( pairs ) ) printLoH ( ' direct read from file ' , LoH )
If you really want no temporaries at all , you could ( but should n't ) use the one line list comprehension ( line breaks for legibility ) :
LoH = [ dict ( [ field.split( "= " , 1 ) for field in line.split ( ) ] ) for line in open ( " cooktest . 4 " ) ] printLoH ( ' direct read from file ' , LoH )
Generation of a list of hashes from function calls
Preliminaries
For convenience , these functions and variables are global .
getnextpairset returns the elements of the array _getnextpairsetdata .
I do n't know why Tom chose to make this return a list in Perl , rather than a reference to a hash .
Perhaps to keep the order .
You can still initialize a hash with the result .
In python , returning a dictionary is definitely the way to go .
$ _getnextpairsetcounter = 0 ; @_getnextpairsetdata = ( [ " lead " , " fred " , " daughter " , " pebbles " ] , [ " lead " , " kirk " , " first_officer " , " spock " , " doc " , " mccoy " ] ) ; sub getnextpairset{ if ( $_getnextpairsetcounter > $ #_getnextpairsetdata ) { return ( ) ; } return @{$_getnextpairsetdata[$_getnextpairsetcounter ++]} ; } sub parsepairs { my $ line = shift ; chomp $ line ; return split ( /[= ] / , $ line ) ; }
_getnextpairsetcounter = 0 _getnextpairsetdata =\ [ { " lead " : " fred " , " daughter " : " pebbles "} , { " lead " : " kirk " , " first_officer " : " spock " , " doc " : " mccoy " } ] def getnextpairset ( ) : global _getnextpairsetcounter if _getnextpairsetcounter == len(_getnextpairsetdata ) : return '' result = _getnextpairsetdata[_getnextpairsetcounter ] _getnextpairsetcounter += 1 return result def parsepairs ( line ) : line = line [ : - 1 ] # chop last character off dict = {} pairs = regsub .
split ( line , " [= ] " ) for i in range ( 0 , len( pairs ) , 2 ) : dict [ pairs [ i ] ] = pairs [ i+1 ] return dict
This would be much more elegant as a class , both in python and Perl. [ add a pointer to classes when we get there ]
Generation
Call a function returning a list ( in Perl ) or a dictionary ( in python ) .
In Perl , the list is of the form ( " lead " , " fred " , " daughter " , " pebbles " ) ; in python , the dictionary is of the form { " lead " : " fred " , " daughter " : " pebbles " } .
# calling a function that returns a key , value list , like my @LoH ; while ( my % fields = getnextpairset ( ) ) { push @ LoH , { % fields } ; } printLoH ( ' filled with getnextpairset ' , \@LoH ) ;
LoH = [ ] while True : fields = getnextpairset ( ) if not fields : break LoH.append ( fields ) printLoH ( ' filled with getnextpairset ' , LoH )
Generation without temporaries
my @LoH ; open my $f , " cooktest . 4 " or die $ ! ; while ( < $f > ) { push @ LoH , { parsepairs ( $_ ) } ; } printLoH ' generated from function calls with no temps ' , \@LoH ;
LoH = [ parsepairs ( line ) for line in open ( " cooktest . 4 " ) ] printLoH ( ' generated from function calls with no temps ' , LoH )
Adding a key / value pair to an element
$ LoH [ 0 ] {PET} = " dino " ; $ Lo H [ 2 ] {PET} = " santa 's little helper " ; printLoH ( ' after addition of key / value pairs ' , \@LoH ) ;
Lo H [ 0 ] [ " PET " ] = " dino " Lo H [ 2 ] [ " PET " ] = " santa 's little helper " printLoH ( ' after addition of key / value pairs ' , LoH )
Accessing elements of a list of hashes
$ LoH [ 0 ] {LEAD} = " fred " ; print $ LoH [ 0 ] {LEAD} , "
" ; s/( \w ) / \u$ 1 / , print " $_
" for $ LoH [ 1 ] {LEAD} ; printSep ( ) ;
LoH [ 0 ] [ " LEAD " ] = " fred " print ( LoH [ 0 ] [ " LEAD " ] ) LoH [ 1 ] [ " LEAD " ] = Lo H [ 1 ] [ " LEAD " ]. title ( ) print ( LoH [ 1 ] [ " LEAD " ] ) printSep ( )
Printing a list of hashes
Simple print
for my $ href ( @ LoH ) { print " { " ; for my $ role ( sort keys % $href ) { print " $role =$href - > { $ role} " ; } print " }
" ; }
for href in LoH : print " { " , items = href.items ( ) ; items.sort ( ) for role , val in items : print " % s= %s " % ( role , val ) , print " } "
Note the comma after the print in the python segment -- this means " do n't add a newline " .
Print with indices
for my $ i ( 0 .. $ # LoH ) { print " $i is { " ; for my $ role ( sort keys %{ $ LoH [ $i ] } ) { print " $role= $ LoH [ $i ] { $ role} " ; } print " }
" ; }
for i , elem in enumerate ( LoH ) : print i , " is { " , items = elem.items ( ) ; items.sort ( ) for role , val in items : print " % s= %s " % ( role , val ) , print " } "
Note the comma after the print in the python segment -- this means " do n't add a newline " .
It does , however , add a space .
Print whole thing one at a time
for my $ i ( 0 .. $ # LoH ) { for my $ role ( sort keys %{ $ LoH [ $i ] } ) { print " elt $ i $ role is $ LoH [ $i ] {$role}
" ; } }
for i , elem in enumerate ( LoH ) : items = elem.items ( ) ; items.sort ( ) for role , val in items : print " elt " , i , role , " is " , val
Interface to the Tk GUI toolkit
The Perl versions of this code have not been tested , as we do n't currently have a working version of Perl and Tk .
[ Links to tkinter doc ]
Perl / Tk Documentation
Preliminaries
All the following code snippets will need these declarations first :
use Tk ;
from Tkinter import * import sys
Hello world label
$ top = MainWindow - > new ; $ hello = $ top -> Button ( ' - text ' => ' Hello , world ' , '- command ' => sub {print STDOUT
" Hello , world
" ; exit 0;} ) ; $ hello -> pack ; MainLoop ;
top = Tk( ) def buttonFunction ( ) : print ' Hello , world ' sys.exit ( - 1 ) hello = Button ( top , {' text ' : ' Hello , world ' , ' command ' : buttonFunction} ) hello.pack ( ) top.mainloop ( )
clear
CategoryAdvocacy
“ Had the dope habit and had it bad ”
Willie the Weeper ( c. 1904 )
Four important recent developments in the decades - old US war on drugs in Latin America :
* Colombian Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos and US Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates held a closed - door luncheon at the Pentagon on 24 February to discuss security issues of mutual strategic importance .
After the lunch , Santos told reporters discussion centered on a new bilateral agreement to expand counter - drug , defense and security cooperation .
* The International Narcotics Control Board ( INCB ) , an independent and quasi- judicial control organ monitoring the implementation of the United Nations drug control conventions , said in its just - published Report of the International Narcotics Control Board for 2008 that the flow of Colombian cocaine through Venezuela is increasing as “ international criminal groups continue to use the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela as one of the main departure areas for illicit drug consignments leaving the region of South America . ”
* Homeland Security Department officials from Texas and Arizona confirmed this week that Mexico ’s drug wars have spilled into the southern United States , and also that Mexico ’s powerful drug cartels obtain their weapons from suppliers in the US .
Separately , Mexican President Felipe Calderon acknowledged that his government does not have control of the country ’s most violent northern states bordering the US .
* The Latin American Commission on Drugs and Democracy – which is co-chaired by former Brazilian President Fernando Henrique Cardoso , and former presidents Ernesto Zedillo of Mexico and Cesar Gaviria of Colombia – published a report on 11 February blasting the US - led drug war as a failure that is pushing Latin American societies to the breaking point .
“ The available evidence indicates that the war on drugs is a failed war ; we have to move from this approach to another one , ” said Cardoso .
Colombia : After his luncheon with Gates , Colombia ’s defense minister indicated he is optimistic the new counter - drug , defense and security agreement will be signed before mid-year .
But Santos , who has meetings scheduled with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and congressional leaders , reportedly also sought assurances from Gates that the Pentagon will support continued US funding for Plan Colombia through fiscal 2009 , which ends in September .
Since 2000 the US government has provided Colombia with over $ 6 billion in military and economic assistance to combat the FARC and ELN narco - militant groups and other Colombian drug trafficking organizations .
However , some remarks by Santos suggest Bogota is concerned the new administration of President Barack Obama will slash military and economic aid to Colombia .
“ It would be counter - productive ” for Washington to reduce its Plan Colombia aid just as the government of President Alvaro Uribe Velez is entering a definitive stage in Colombia ’s eight - year - old military offensive to defeat the FARC and ELN , said Santos .
The US currently gives Colombia “ about $ 500 million a year ” of assistance … compared with about $ 800 billion the US has spent or earmarked for Iraq , Santos said , adding that less US military and counter - drug aid for Colombia “ means more cocaine ends up on the streets of US cities . ”
Critics of Plan Colombia say it has failed to stop the spread of coca cultivation in recent years in Colombia , the world ’s largest producer of cocaine .
This is true , but in recent years the Uribe government has killed or captured many of the FARC ’s top leaders and has decimated the militant group ’s ranks .
The FARC is not defeated yet , but it has been weakened very significantly .
Santos , who recently has been mentioned by some Colombian news media as a potential candidate to succeed Uribe as president , is in Washington this week to press the Uribe government ’s case for continued US support for a military - led strategy that has achieved measurable progress battling the FARC and ELN , which the US years ago designated as international terrorist groups .
Democrats in Washington have been reluctant in the past to give Colombia much in the way of military assistance .
They have focused more on human rights issues and paramilitary groups , often seeking to link progress on these issues with economic aid and trade preferences for Colombia .
But Uribe ’s government today has an important geopolitical advantage his successor did not have almost a decade ago when Plan Colombia was first proposed by Bogota in 1999 : Hugo Chavez .
With Chavez reinvigorated at home politically by his 15 February referendum victory , strengthening economic and military linkages with Colombia evidently should be a strategic priority for the Obama administration – though it ’s not clear what Obama thinks because as yet he has not named a Latin America policy team .
Colombia is the closest security ally the US has today in South America , though Brazil is also of paramount geopolitical importance to the US .
With Bolivia , Ecuador , Argentina and Paraguay tilting very strongly against the US , a robust trade and military partnership with Colombia clearly is vital strategically to US regional security interests .
But it ’s not clear that the Obama administration and the democratic majority in Congress will accept the obvious need to deepen US economic and military relations with Colombia .
Powerful leftist interest groups in Washington ( think tanks and NGO’s ) will be lobbying Congress vigorously , while Santos is in town , urging significant cuts in Plan Colombia military assistance .
These leftist groups also have powerful longtime allies in Congress , like Senator Christopher Dodd .
Venezuela : President Chavez insists his government is waging an effective and successful offensive on its own against drug trafficking and money laundering .
Of course , this is untrue .
Chavez kicked the DEA out of Venezuela years ago , and banned US counter - drug air patrols from Venezuelan space early in his ten - year reign .
The volume of cocaine and heroin passing through Venezuela today , mainly to Europe via Spain , has been increasing substantially each year since 2002 .
In recent years , major seizures of cocaine which originated in Venezuela have been made by police in Brazil , Mexico , Costa Rica , Spain , Canada and Italy , among other countries .
In January the US Coast Guard announced that full inspections would be done on all ships that stop in Venezuelan ports , due to growing US concerns about the transport of drugs ( and terrorists ? ) .
Since Chavez has been in power , new drug trafficking organizations controlled by Venezuelans have sprung into existence , like the so - called Cartel de los Soles – for the suns denoting rank which the corrupt generals who created the crime group wear on their shoulders .
But Venezuela is mainly a drug trans - shipment country , the world ’s largest trans - shipment country for Colombian cocaine .
Venezuela is n’t plagued with drug trafficking militant groups like FARC and ELN , though both groups base some of their forces in Venezuelan states bordering Colombia .
And Venezuela ’s government , unlike Mexico , is not engaged in a nationwide war pitting tens of thousands of army troops against powerful drug cartels who last year murdered nearly 6,000 people .
However , Venezuela has a substantial domestic drug crisis of its own , with more Venezuelans consuming drugs each year and powerful local gangs , like the Tupamaros , running their criminal enterprises in parallel with revolutionary “ activities ” in support of Chavez and the Bolivarian revolution .
It ’s difficult to get a clear picture of the full extent to which Venezuelan institutions and society have been penetrated by drug trafficking and drug - related violence .
The Chavez government does n’t release much data .
President Chavez never mentioned criminal violence and insecurity in any of his speeches until after he won the 15 February referendum .
But drugs like marijuana , bazuco and cocaine are easily available in practically every barrio of Venezuela .
Homicide detectives with the CICPC tell Caracas Gringo that there is a very high direct correlation between illegal drugs and the majority of the homicides by handgun committed against young men between the ages of 14 and 24 .
Venezuela ’s barrio youth gangs , guns and drugs form part of the toxic recipe of violence that created over 14,000 murder victims nationally in 2008 , over a third of them in the greater Caracas area .
Using rechargeable batteries is a great way to cut down on the waste we produce and to save money at the same time , but you need to be organized and keep a charger on hand .
Well , inventor Knut Karlsen has come up with a clever solution that crosses a solar charger and a rechargeable cell to make , what is essentially , a self - charging battery .
These simple , yet novel prototypes are made up of regular C - size NiMH rechargeable cells that are wrapped with flexible photovoltaic panels .
Using some flat wires and a conductive silver pen , the designer made a connection from the solar panel to the battery on each that allows for a trickle charge .
He has ideas to improve the design further too , like adding a charge - level gauge and capacitors for more efficient charging , but they would be difficult to implement without increasing the battery ’s size .
This idea has a lot of potential for low - powered gadgets that require infrequent battery changes , like wall clocks or remote controls .
In these applications , power could be sustained with ambient light alone , where as higher - powered devices would probably require direct sunlight – something that batteries are never supposed to see , due to a risk of explosion .
It would certainly be useful for prolonging battery life in many devices and could be an option perhaps for electronics designers dabbling in solar tech , like with the recent photovoltaic phones from Samsung and LG .
Sources :
BareKnut via Inhabitat
As of Friday , day five of the Queensland election , a person purporting to be Pauline Hanson had just eight followers on the social networking site Twitter .
The site is favoured by Prime Minister Kevin Rudd and Queensland Premier Anna Bligh , to name a few .
By contrast Premier Bligh has more than 500 followers , while the prime minister has nearly 10,000 fans .
As you can see in our feature story about Louisiana Gov. Jindal refusing $ 98 million of the stimulus money headed for his state , that amounts to under 2 % of the total money Louisiana will be receiving .
So not exactly going out on a limb .
We were all set to have that be our headline .
But what ’s less clear is how much of the total $ 7.68 billion his state is getting he ’s in a position to turn down .
A lot of it does n’t go through him in the first place .
So we felt compelled to leave it implicitly clear that Jindal had apparently found the ideal number that would give him some shred of credibility with the neo-Hooverite right while also allowing him to get through his term as governor without getting impeached .
Politics - Federal Can Harper Prorogue Parliament ?
By Ryan McGreal
Published December 03 , 2008
Given the paucity of Prime Minister Stephen Harpers options as Monday 's confidence vote draws closer , pundits and analysts are coalescing around the conclusion that he will ask Governor General Michaëlle Jean to prorogue Parliament until his government tables their budget on January 27 , 2009 .
Here 's where it gets interesting .
Generally , the Prime Minister will ask the GG to prorogue Parliament - i.e. to discontinue a Parliamentary session - after completing a busy legislative agenda so that the MPs can go back to their constituency offices and get caught up on local matters before the next session starts .
The Governor General , officially the Head of State 's representative in Canada , has long served as a figurehead who formally approves the decisions of the government , i.e. the Prime Minister and his or her Cabinet , on behalf of the Queen .
However , that rubberstamping function is predicated on the Prime Minister having the confidence of of the House of Commons .
Since re-forming the government after the October election , Harper has not yet demonstrated the confidence of the House , and the three opposition parties representing a majority of MPs have publicly stated that he has lost their confidence .
As a result , it is possible that the GG will refuse to grant Harper 's prorogue request until he first survives a confidence motion .
If so , that gives the coalition an opportunity to vote no confidence in Harper and ask the GG for a chance to form the government before dissolving Parliament and calling an election .
Harper 's desperate hope is that the GG will grant his prorogue , giving the deep - pocketed Conservative Party almost two months to run a negative PR campaign aimed at discrediting the coalition and breaking it up so that he can survive a confidence motion when Parliament resumes .
He may argue that under such extraordinary circumstances , the House of Commons and the Canadian public need a chance to cool down and think through the options before rushing into the Constitutionally sound but politically tenebrous alternative of allowing the three also - rans of last October 's election to form a government .
Uncharted Waters
No matter what happens next Monday , the outcome will be a trip into uncharted waters .
No GG has ever refused to accept a Prime Minister 's prorogue request ; but no Prime Minister has ever asked for a prorogue before facing any confidence votes - even the Speech from the Throne that opens a Parliamentary session .
At the same time , no party coalition has ever formed a government without running as such in an election .
On the other hand , if the GG forces a confidence vote and then dissolves Parliament without allowing the coalition a chance to govern , Harper will be the first Prime Minister to win an election but lose his very first confidence matter .
The nearest cases may be Charles Tupper ( 69 days in office ) , John Turner ( 79 days in office ) and Kim Campbell ( 140 days in office ) .
The difference is that they all became Prime Minister at the end of a Parliament and almost immediately called an election ( in fact , Tupper became Prime Minister in 1896 after Parliament had already dissolved ) .
Even poor Joe Clark managed to last for nine months in office before losing a confidence vote on his first budget .
Ryan McGreal , the editor of Raise the Hammer , lives in Hamilton with his family and works as a programmer , writer and consultant .
Ryan volunteers with Hamilton Light Rail , a citizen group dedicated to bringing light rail transit to Hamilton .
Ryan wrote a city affairs column in Hamilton Magazine , and several of his articles have been published in the Hamilton Spectator .
His articles have also been published in The Walrus , HuffPost and Behind the Numbers .
He maintains a personal website , has been known to share passing thoughts on Twitter and Facebook , and posts the occasional cat photo on Instagram .
36 Comments Read Comments
Post a Comment
You must be logged in to comment .
Video footage of a near miss between two RAF aircraft has been uploaded on to YouTube .
The footage , which shows a cockpit view of one aircraft as it is involved in a near miss with another , was posted three months ago .
The two aircraft involved in the incident are believed to be a Tornado jet and a Tucano trainer aircraft .
The MoD have acknowledged the video is authentic and are trying to establish when and where the event happened .
Millard Fuller : Habitat for Humanity Co-Founder Has Died
Millard Fuller 1935 -2009
was a co-founder and former president of Habitat for Humanity International , a nonprofit organization known globally for building houses for those in need for nearly three decades .
He was highly regarded as the leader of the modern - day movement for affordable housing .
reported today that her 74 year old husband died on February 3 , 2009 , after being taken to a Georgia hospital complaining of chest pains .
Millard and his wife forged a bond with Clarence Jordan in the early 70's that led to the creation of Habitat for Humanity .
Fuller moved his family to Zaire in 1973 and spent the next three years undertaking a housing ministry .
In 1976 the couple pulled up stakes and settled in San Antonio , Texas where they utilized volunteer labor to construct affordable , safe houses for needy families in the slums of Texas .
Soon the idea took hold in Appalachia , and by 1981 , just five years from its inception , Habitat for Humanity had affiliates in fourteen states and seven foreign countries .
In 1984 Fuller recruited his most famous volunteer , President Jimmy Carter .
A native of Plains , Georgia , just a few miles from Habitat 's headquarters in Americus , Georgia , Carter gave not only his name and reputation to the new non-profit , but his own resources as well .
Jimmy and Rosalynn Carter made financial contributions regularly , but most significantly to Habitat , they developed the Jimmy Carter Work Project , an annual week - long effort to build Habitat homes all over the world .
The Carters participated all week at these events which came to attract thousands of volunteers each year .
By 2003 , Habitat affiliates world - wide had built over 150,000 homes and were active in 92 nations .
Disputes between Fuller and the Habitat International board of directors regarding the future direction of the organization came to a head in 2004 .
He and Linda were fired in March 2005 amid allegations of inappropriate behavior by him directed toward females .
It was at this juncture , April 2005 , that Fuller established The Fuller Center of Housing .
He expanded on the foundation of Habitat by encouraging communities to create " collaborative and innovative partnerships " to address the housing needs of the most needy in communities .
He continued to travel extensively to raise awareness , funds and volunteers in his efforts to eradicate substandard housing from the face of the earth .
Fuller was the recipient of 50 honorary degrees .
In September 1996 , President Bill Clinton awarded him the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation 's highest civilian honor .
In October 2005 , the Fullers were honored by former President George H. W. Bush and the Points of Light Foundation with a bronze medallion embedded in The Extra Mile Volunteer Pathway in Washington D.C .
Former President Jimmy Carter released the following statement after learning of Fuller 's death , " Fuller was one of the most extraordinary people I have ever known . "
More photos below .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- President Obama will pitch his plans this week for dealing with record home foreclosures and trying to thaw frozen credit markets -- and taking some key lessons learned into consideration .
President Obama arrives at the White House on Monday after a weekend in Chicago , llinois .
Aides said the White House has learned several lessons from the fight over the economic stimulus plan , including that the president is better at selling his ideas when he gets out of Washington .
" He has learned , over the course of the last few weeks , getting out to the country , getting the people to remember why they elected him , and I think he 's going to continue to take the case directly to the American people , " said CNN contributor Hilary Rosen .
A second lesson was articulated to a handful of newspaper columnists , including E.J. Dionne of The Washington Post , who were invited aboard Air Force One on Friday .
The president suggested he will no longer let bipartisanship become the barometer of his success , telling the columnist : " You know , I am an eternal optimist .
That does n't mean I 'm a sap . "
Dionne said , " By talking so much about bipartisanship , he allowed others to judge him by how much Republican support he got .
He wants to get things done with or without Republican votes , preferably with them .
But he will be happy if he just gets it through . "
Lesson three :
The president faced all kinds of criticism for the meandering nature of the stimulus negotiations .
In the end , he won anyway .
Obama said that " he wants to be pragmatic without being unprincipled .
There are things he wants to get done , " Dionne said .
" He 's much more concerned about where he 's going than the road there .
If the road is a little crooked , but it gets you there , that 's better than not getting there at all . "
Lesson four :
It may have been a mistake for the president to give Republicans large tax cuts early in the stimulus talks .
In his first presidential press conference , Obama suggested he would take a harder line with Republicans in future negotiations .
" I mean , I suppose what I could have done is started off with no tax cuts , knowing that I was going to want some , and then let them take credit for all of them , and maybe that 's the lesson I learned .
But there was consultation ; there will continue to be consultation , " Obama said .
For the rest of the month , the White House agenda will focus on addressing the housing crisis -- including a stop Wednesday in Phoenix , Arizona -- as well as cleaning up the banking mess and laying the groundwork for the overhaul of the health care system and entitlement programs such as Medicare .
Watch more on Obama 's coming agenda »
The following week , the president will host what the White House is billing as a " fiscal responsibility " summit .
The goal of Monday 's summit is to begin weighing the impact of massive federal programs such as Social Security and Medicare days before the president plans to unveil his first annual budget to congressional leaders .
Then on February 24 , the president will deliver his first speech to a joint session of Congress .
Top aides said foreign policy could be addressed briefly , but the speech will focus heavily on the economy and the domestic agenda .
CNN 's Ed Henry , Ed Hornick and Suzanne Malveaux contributed to this report .
All About Barack Obama • U.S. National Economy
BERLIN , Germany ( CNN ) --
The world needs a " global New Deal " to haul it out of the economic crisis it faces , Prime Minister Gordon Brown of the United Kingdom said Sunday .
Gordon Brown addresses a press conference following a G20 preparatory meeting in Berlin , Sunday .
" We need a global New Deal -- a grand bargain between the countries and continents of this world -- so that the world economy can not only recover but ... so the banking system can be based on ... best principles , " he said , referring to the 1930s American plan to fight the Great Depression .
Brown was speaking as the leaders of Europe 's biggest economies met to try to forge a common position on the global financial crisis ahead of a major summit in London in April .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy said the world 's response to the global financial meltdown had to be profound and long - lasting , not just tinkering around the edges .
" Europe wants to see an overhaul of the system .
We all agree on that .
We 're not talking about superficial measures now or transitional measures -- we 're talking about structural measure , which need to be taken , " he said .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel , the host of the meeting , urged nations of the world to work together to fight the problem .
" Confidence can only be restored if people in our countries feel that we are pulling in the same direction and have understood that we really must learn lessons from this crisis , " she said .
And she proposed that a new institution grow out of the crisis , " which will take on more responsibility for global [ financial ] mechanisms . "
The Europeans say they have agreed international financial markets must be regulated more thoroughly .
That also means stricter rules for hedge funds and credit - rating agencies .
European and world leaders have been holding frequent summits as they struggle to cope with a financial crisis that has affected banks , homeowners , businesses and employees around the world .
London will host a meeting of the Group of 20 nations in April .
The G - 20 includes the G - 7 leading industrialized nations -- Canada , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , the United Kingdom and the United States -- as well as the world 's largest developing economies : Argentina , Australia , Brazil , China , India , Indonesia , Mexico , Russia , Saudi Arabia , South Africa , South Korea and Turkey , plus the European Union .
The managing director of the International Monetary Fund and the president of the World Bank , plus the chairs of the International Monetary and Financial Committee and Development Committee of the IMF and World Bank , also participate in G - 20 meetings .
CNN Bureau Chief Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report
All About Gordon Brown • Nicolas Sarkozy • Angela Merkel
The atheist messages came after a £ 140,000 fundraising drive
Three separate pro-God advert campaigns on the sides of London buses are set to hit city streets .
Buses adorned with the slogan " There definitely is a God " are from the Christian Party , while the Trinitarian Bible Society chose a Biblical verse .
The Russian Orthodox Church is also preparing bus adverts .
The adverts , which are unrelated , come a month after the British Humanist Association placed " no God " slogans on buses across England .
Those adverts , which read : " There 's probably no God : now stop worrying and enjoy your life " prompted complaints from the group Christian Voice and from individuals .
' Spurred on '
The Advertising Standards Authority ruled that they did not breach acceptable standards .
The Christian Party , led by George Hargreaves , raised enough money for their adverts to appear on 50 London bendy buses .
Their full advert reads : " There definitely is a God ; so join the Christian Party and enjoy your life . "
Mr Hargreaves said the ad campaign is being funded by donations to his party .
He is planning to contest June 's European Parliamentary elections .
The Trinitarian Bible Society 's advert is not a direct response to the atheist campaign , said the group 's assistant general secretary , David Larlham .
" While there is an element of being spurred on , this is not to be seen only as a response to the atheists , " Mr Larlham said .
He added that the society has regular poster campaigns in train stations promoting Christianity and offering free Bibles .
The group , with a mandate to distribute the Bible internationally , has chosen the message from Psalm 53.1 , which reads : " The fool hath said in his heart , There is no God . "
The cost for their two - week campaign on 100 buses is £ 35,000 .
The Russian Orthodox Church plans ads on 25 buses that read : " There IS a God , BELIEVE .
Do n't worry and enjoy your life . "
Kane 's Pledge By Bryan Caplan
After defending bankruptcy for the Big Three , Tim Kane pioneers a new way to put your money where your mouth is :
[ T]t is not true that customers wo n’t buy from a bankrupt
company .
Happens all the time .
So I have been thinking of some way to
put a nail in the “ wo n’t buy cars from a bankrupt company ” claim .
Here is my pledge : I will buy a new vehicle from the first American auto company to enter bankruptcy .
I will buy it within six months of the date of entry , on the condition
that it has to be a real bankruptcy , and the company must follow
through with real restructuring .
This is not an easy pledge to make ,
and my wife may kill me .
But nothing could be more valuable for my
country ’s economy than for one of these companies to re-organize .
An interesting difference between a blog pledge and a blog bet :
For a bet , you need opponents .
But Tim ’s looking for partners :
Who else will take this pledge ?
( I think I can get you a discount ! )
Send an email to kanepledge@gmail.com and I will add your name to the list .
I hate to disappoint Tim , but I ’m afraid he ’ll have to count me out .
Despite my access to a GM - employee discount , the greater reliability of Toyotas is too enticing .
Gov. Bobby Jindal of Louisiana has been a rising star in the Republican Party , but his stock took a hit as he was roundly panned for his televised response to President Obama ’s first speech to Congress on Tuesday night .
Conservative commentators were among the harshest critics , calling Mr. Jindal ’s delivery animatronic , his prose “ cheesy ” and his message  that federal spending is not the answer to the nation ’s economic problems  uninspired .
Mr. Jindal , 37 , the son of Indian immigrants , has been regarded as a potential presidential candidate in 2012 who would bring diversity and youth to a post - Obama Republican Party .
But the speech raised questions .
“ This was the moment for him to seize the mantle with new ideas , new direction , and lay the groundwork for himself as a creative new thinker , ” said Thomas Schaller , a political scientist at the University of Maryland , Baltimore County .
“ He just used old platitudes and party clichés . ”
This is the second book that Packt Publishing asked me to review for them .
Once again , the content of the book is based on a JavaScript library .
Learning Ext JS is designed as a gentle introduction into the world of Ext JS .
Prior to this book , I had only really heard of Ext JS .
I knew that it began as an extension of the YUI Library through my work with the team at Yahoo ! , and I knew that it grew away from just being an extension and into its own library , but that was the extent of my knowledge and understanding .
I expect that I am exactly the target audience for this bok : someone who understands web development and JavaScript but does n’t know what Ext JS has to offer .
And with that audience in mind , the book succeeds in fulfilling its purpose .
Right from the start , I was impressed with the writing of the book .
The topics followed a natural progression that made it easy to understand where you came from and where you were going .
The tone of the writing is conversational yet authoritative and most concepts are explained very well .
Related topics , such as Ajax , are discussed succinctly and effectively so that the focus remains on the Ext JS library .
One of the most difficult things to do with a multi- author book is to maintain a high - level of quality and consistency throughout the book , but Learning Ext JS does an admirable job of smoothing out those rough edges .
There are subtle tone and style shifts as chapters change from one topic to another , such as the notable increase in puns and wittiness in the middle chapters ( for a good chuckle , focus on Chapter 8 : Ext JS Does Grow on Trees ) , but the explanations are still just as clear regardless of which author is on the keyboard .
I really only have two complaints about this book .
First , the authors incorrectly refer to object literal notation as JSON .
JSON is a data format based on object literal notation in JavaScript , but it is not a part of the language .
The descriptions surrounding this were a bit deceiving .
Second , example code listing in several chapters were often too small .
For instance , they would show just the object literal to configure the option being discussed without showing how that object should be used .
I found myself flipping back to earlier examples frequently to get the context I needed to understand the later ones .
Perhaps the strangest part of the book is the introduction to Chapter 13 , which inexplicably goes through the history of JavaScript and how Ajax restored it to the forefront of developers ’ minds .
The content that follows this introduction has little relevance to the introduction itself or vice - versa , so it seems quite misplaced .
If this does not keep hippies awake at night and zombies at bay I do not know what will .
The Mossberg 500 Road Blocker a real badass .
Pistol grip , heat shield and BFMB ( Big “ Fraking ” Muzzle Brake ” ) .
Mossberg 500 Road Blocker .
Click to expand .
The two baffle muzzle brake looks like it was ripped off a .50 BMG anti-material rifle .
The Roadblocker muzzle brake in action .
Note the bead sight .
For comparison : M107 / Barrett M82 .50 BMG anti-material rifle
The Road Blocker is chambered in 12 gauge , has a 18.5 ″ barrel and a 6 round magazine .
It was previously sold as a TALO exclusive but this year it is now a standard production shotgun .
I am not sure what the MSRP will be but if I had to guess I would say $ 400 .
There should be some good reverse thrust from the muzzle brake .
If used correctly you should be able to follow up the blast of buckshot with shotgun - in - the - guts .
Follow the instructions in my handy guide :
Just joking .
Do n’t get to excited !
THE end , when it comes , will be swift .
A spiralling economy and diminishing oil supplies will lead to power outages , food shortages , a breakdown in law and order , and ultimately , complete societal collapse .
" I anticipate that it'll happen quite fast , like the bushfires , " says Tony , a 44 - year - old ex-stockbroker .
Tony , who lives with his wife and three young children in Baulkham Hills , has been stockpiling supplies including rice , multivitamins , peanut butter and honey - " Stuff you do n't need to cook or refrigerate and that is high in calories " - plus plenty of soap and toilet paper .
" Sanitation will break down as sewerage [ systems ] clog because people will be unable to maintain the infrastructure .
So we 'll see diseases like cholera and typhoid . "
Stocking up . . .
Tony , a survivalist from Baulkham Hills , with emergency supplies should the apocalypse arrive .
Credit : Dallas Kilponen
Tony ( who did n't want his second name used ) , is part of a new wave of Australian survivalists , a disparate group that includes peak oilers , permaculturalists and " transition teams " that are making plans for what they see as the coming apocalypse .
Such people used to fret about nuclear Armageddon or Y2 K : today , it 's more likely to be global warming , shrinking oil reserves and financial collapse .
" There has been a surge in interest recently , " says Simon Beer , whose website , survival .org.au , has practical tips in bush skills , fire starting and food gathering .
" Climate change , peak oil , the economic situation - people are seeing we 're headed for catastrophic changes . "
In 2001 , he moved from McMahons Point to the Blue Mountains , where he grows his own vegetables and collects tinned food .
He says : " When resources become scarce , people fight , nations fight . "
Quickly find the stuff you care about .
Beagle is a search tool that ransacks your personal information space to find whatever you 're looking for .
Beagle can search in many different domains .
Using Beagle , you can easily find :
documents
documents emails
emails web history
web history IM / IRC conversations
IM / IRC conversations source code
source code images
images music / video files
music / video files applications
applications ... and much more
Getting Beagle
The most recent version of Beagle is 0.2.3 , which was released on March 17 , 2006 .
Get the latest source tarball from GNOME FTP .
Visit Installing
Beagle for source build instructions and links to binary packages ( available for most popular distributions ) .
Visit the Getting Started page for instructions on how to get Beagle up and running on your system .
See Beagle Run
Nat Friedman has made a series of short movies that show Beagle in action .
( Flash player required . )
Discussing Beagle
Discussions relating to Beagle take place in #dashboard on GIMPnet and on the dashboard - hackers mailing list .
Robert Love has set up Planet Beagle , an aggregator for the blogs of various contributors .
There 's also a page where people can post their experience with Beagle .
BeagleP .
Reporting Bugs
Before you report a bug , please check the Troubleshooting section and the bugs already reported to see if you are seeing a known problem .
If not , please report the bug in the Beagle component of GNOME Bugzilla .
This page was last modified 10:48 , 23 Mar 2006 .
This page has been accessed 462223 times .
The FBI has tracked down two individuals who uploaded Oscar screeners to BitTorrent trackers .
The pair are accused of uploading screeners of Australia , Benjamin Button and Slumdog Millionaire to The Pirate Bay , Demonoid and Movie Hogs .
They face harsh punishment of three years in jail .
Two Californian men have been charged with uploading leaked copies of Oscar - nominated Hollywood movies to the Internet .
According to the U.S. attorney ’s office , yesterday a federal grand jury indicted Derek Hawthorne of Moorpark and Owen Moody of San Marcos on federal copyright violation charges .
Hawthorne is charged with uploading ‘ Australia ’ to a torrent site known as Movie Hogs and ‘ The Curious Case of Benjamin Button ’ to Demonoid.com .
Moody is charged with uploading the hit movie “ Slumdog Millionaire ” to The Pirate Bay .
The pair have been contacted by the FBI who ordered them to surrender to authorities next week .
The charges are ‘ Uploading a copyrighted work being prepared for commercial distribution ’ which is a term under the tough Family Entertainment and Copyright Act , previously used to jail Star Wars uploaders at the now - defunct EliteTorrents site .
They face a possible punishment of three years in jail and fines of $ 250,000 .
Authorities also arrested a third man last week .
Jack Yates of Porter Ranch , an employee at a Los Angeles duplication company , is accused of illegally copying the movie ‘ The Love Guru ’ .
Yates was asked to copy the movie by Paramount so that Jay Leno could show a clip on his show but allegedly he also made a copy for himself which he passed to friends , one of which uploaded the movie to the Internet .
It ’s alleged that Yates lied to the FBI so he faces stiffer punishment than the previously mentioned pair .
The offense of copying the movie carries a sentence of up to a year in jail but for lying to the authorities he could get five years .
He is scheduled to be arraigned March 16 2009 .
Israeli soccer matches were suspended during the assault on Gaza .
When the games resumed last week , the fans had come up with a new chant : " Why have the schools in Gaza been shut down ? " sang the crowd .
" Because all the children were gunned down ! " came the answer .
Aside from its sheer barbarism , this chant reflects the widespread belief among Israeli Jews that Israel scored an impressive victory in Gaza – a victory measured , not least , by the death toll .
Israeli pilots and tank commanders could not really discriminate between the adults and the children who hid in their homes or huddled in the UNRWA shelters , and yet they chose to press the trigger .
Therefore , it is not at all surprising that the lethal onslaught left 1,314 Palestinians dead , of which 412 – or nearly one third of all of the casualties – were children .
This latest assault underscores that Israel , not unlike Hamas , readily resorts to violence and does not distinguish between civilians and combatants ( only the weapons at Israel 's disposal are much more lethal ) .
No matter how many times the Israeli government tries to blame Hamas for the latest Palestinian civilian deaths it simply cannot explain away the body count , especially that of the children .
In addition to the dead , 1,855 Palestinian children were wounded , and tens of thousands of others have likely been traumatised , many of them for life .
Every child has a story .
A Bedouin friend recently called to tell us about his relatives in Gaza .
One cousin allowed her five - year - old daughter to walk to the adjacent house to see whether the neighbours had something left to eat .
The girl had been crying from hunger .
The moment she began crossing the street a missile exploded nearby and the flying shrapnel killed her .
The mother has since been bedridden , weeping and screaming , " I have let my girl die hungry " .
As if the bloody incursion was not enough , the Israeli security forces seem to be keen on spreading the flames of hatred among the Arab population within Israel .
Hundreds of Palestinian citizens of Israel have been arrested for protesting at the Israeli assault and more than 200 of them are still in custody .
One incident is enough to illustrate the psychological effect these arrests will likely have on hundreds more children .
A few days after the ceasefire , several men wearing black ski masks stormed the home of Muhammad Abu Humus .
They came to arrest him for protesting against the killings in Gaza .
It was four in the morning and the whole family was asleep when the men banged on the door .
After entering the house , they made Abu Humus 's wife Wafa and their four children Erfat ( 12 ) , Shahd ( 9 ) , Anas ( 6 ) and Majd ( 3 ) stand in a corner as they searched the house , throwing all the clothes , sheets , toys , and kitchenware on the floor .
With tears in their eyes , the children watched as the armed men then took their father away and left .
Chance would have it that Abu Humus , a long - time peace activist and member of the Fatah party , is a personal friend of ours .
In 2001 , he joined Ta'ayush Arab - Jewish Partnership , and since then has selflessly organised countless peace rallies and other joint activities .
During the past eight years , we have spent many hours at each other 's homes and our children have grown up respecting and liking one other .
It is hard to believe that just one month ago he attended the Bar Mitzvah of Yigal 's son in a Jerusalem synagogue .
Muhammad and Wafa Abu Humus have tried over the years to instil in their children a love and desire for peace , and while the security forces may not have destroyed this , the hatred they have generated in one night cannot be underestimated .
Indeed , what , one might ask , will his children think of their Jewish neighbours ?
What feelings will they harbour ?
And what can we expect from those children in Gaza who have witnessed the killing of their parents , siblings , friends and neighbours ?
We emphasise the Palestinian children because so many of them have been killed and terrorised in the past month .
Yet it is clear that Israeli children are suffering as well , particularly those who have spent long periods in shelters for fear of being hit by rockets .
The one message that is being conveyed to children on both sides of this fray is that the other side is a bloodthirsty monster .
In Israel , this was instantly translated into gains for the hate - mongering Yisrael Beytenu party headed by the xenophobic Avigdor Lieberman , who is now the frontrunner in mock polls being held in many Jewish high schools , with the hawkish Binyamin Netanyahu coming in second .
Hatred , in other words , is the great winner of this war .
It has helped mobilise racist mobs , and as the soccer chant indicates it has left absolutely no place for the other , undermining even basic empathy for innocent children .
Israel 's masters of war must be happy : the seeds of the next wars have certainly been sown .
Afghan police are notoriously corrupt , but also bear the brunt of insurgency violence .
The casualty rate among police is several times higher than among the army and the daily toll of casualties has been blamed for contributing to the high numbers going absent without leave and turning to drugs .
More than 90 % of survivors of the 9/11 terror attacks on the World Trade Centre in New York delayed evacuating the buildings in order to carry out tasks such as saving their work , shutting down computers , changing shoes and visiting the bathroom , according to research released today .
Interviews with 271 survivors who worked in the twin towers found that only 8.6 % fled as soon as the alarm was raised .
The vast majority ( 91.4 % ) stayed behind waiting for information or carrying out at least one additional task , including phoning their family and collecting belongings .
The majority put their escape back by around eight minutes , with some delayed by half an hour .
People who tried to find out what was going on took between 1.5 and 2.6 times longer to respond to the alarm than those who did n't .
Researchers from the Universities of Greenwich , Ulster and Liverpool spent three and a half years interviewing former World Trade Centre workers about the day of the attack .
The interviews generated 6,000 pages of first - hand accounts of what it was like trying to leave the buildings .
The report , released two days before the seventh anniversary of the atrocity , detailed how congestion on the stairs was the main cause of delay , despite the fact the towers were less than one - third full at the time of the attacks .
Modeling carried out as part of the study found that 7,592 people would have died had the buildings been at occupational capacity - more than five times the recorded death total of 1,462 .
Detailing the journey down the stairs , one survivor told researchers : " Other people were coming in ... the stairwell from whatever floor they had come from ... [ the travel speed ] slowed down dramatically .
We stopped at [ floor ] 55 , right there , because there was obviously a lot more people .
I mean we were running down for the first five stairs , ' boom , boom , boom , boom , boom ' , two stairs at a time sometimes .
When we got to 55 , we could n't do that because we would plough into people . "
Of those interviewed , 82 % said they stopped at least once during their descent ; a small number stopped more than 20 times .
Congestion was the primary cause of stopping ; only a minority of evacuees said they needed to take a rest or were stopped by environmental conditions such as debris , smoke , heat or water on the stairs .
Professor Ed Galea , project director at the University of Greenwich , said it was important to understand what factors contributed to delaying people in emergencies , in order to reduce response times .
Providing people with good information about what was happening could significantly reduce response times , leading to a safer evacuation , he said .
" Together these personal stories paint a comprehensive picture of what happened and why - what influenced evacuees ' behaviour .
What was going through their minds when they make key decisions .
This is a hugely important body of data in itself .
" We need to train people that when you hear the alarm , you need to get out .
It is not important to shut down the computer or save documents , " Galea said .
The answers have been put into the universities ' high - rise evacuation evaluation database , which is aimed at improving the safety of tall buildings across the world .
The researchers donated $ 5,420 ( £ 3,081 ) to the World Trade Centre Survivors '
Network in recognition of the help given by participants to the study .
Free Tibet group says condition of victim is unknown after protest in Sichuan province
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Chinese police today shot a burning Tibetan monk before they put him out , the Free Tibet campaign said .
The monk had set himself on fire in a protest over Tibetan new year rituals in Aba county , Sichuan province , the group said .
The area saw some of the worst unrest during Tibetan protests last March .
Free Tibet said witnesses saw Tabe , a monk aged in his 20s , walking from Kirti monastery into town this afternoon .
He was carrying a hand - drawn Tibetan flag with a picture of the Dalai Lama at its centre .
" He doused himself in petrol .
The armed police could not get near him because he was burning , " said Matt Whitticase , a campaign spokesman .
" Witnesses heard three gunshots fired .
The monk fell to the ground and the police managed to put the flames out .
He was immediately put into a van and taken to an undisclosed location .
His present condition is unknown . "
The claims could not be confirmed independently , but Whitticase said the group had indirect accounts from three witnesses .
Tibetans have been heavily punished for passing details of incidents to outsiders .
Free Tibet said up to 800 monks had reportedly gone to Tabe 's home village of Trinkin to say prayers , believing him to be dead .
The group said Tabe 's protest followed an attempt by almost 1,000 monks at Kirte to use a prayer hall to observe the Monlam festival – part of Tibetan new year – despite being told not to do so .
They were told to return to their rooms .
The authorities have been angered by some Tibetans deciding to boycott new year celebrations other than religious rituals as a mark of protest against Chinese rule .
Last year , Tibetan exile groups said police shot dead several protestors in Aba county .
The campaigners released graphic photographs of bodies and the names of five alleged victims .
Chinese state media subsequently said that officers shot and wounded " rioters " in self - defence .
More than 100 monks from the Lutsang monastery in Qinghai province held a candlelit vigil and protest march on Wednesday , the US government - funded Radio Free Asia reported today .
HANOVER , Germany ( CNN ) --
Archaeologists have found more than 600 relics from a huge battle between a Roman army and Barbarians in the third century , long after historians believed Rome had given up control of northern Germany .
Some of the artifacts are so well preserved that the scientists can already retrace some of the battle lines .
" We have to write our history books new , because what we thought was that the activities of the Romans ended at nine or 10 ( years ) after Christ , " said Lutz Stratmann , science minister for the German state of Lower Saxony .
" Now we know that it must be 200 or 250 after that . "
For weeks , archeologist Petra Loenne and her team have been searching this area with metal detectors , pulling hundreds of ancient Roman weapons out of the ground .
They paint a picture of a highly organized , technologically superior Roman army beset by Germanic tribes in a forest about 80 km ( 50 miles ) south of the modern city of Hanover .
The hillside battlefield was discovered by relic - hunters illegally searching for souvenirs of more recent wars near the town of Kalefeld - Oldenrode .
One of them brought some of the items he found to Loenne , who works for the local government .
The artifacts are so well preserved that the scientists can already retrace some of the battle lines .
Watch how the battlefield discovery could re-write history »
" We believe the Germans ambushed the Romans here , but the legions quickly fired back with catapults and archers -- and then it came to a massive man- on - man onslaught , " Loenne said .
The items unearthed so far include an axe , still sharp after nearly 1,800 years ; horseshoes ; shovels ; spearheads ; and dozens of arrowheads for a Scorpio , a cross between a catapult and a crossbow -- the ancient equivalent of artillery .
" With a very high speed , on a very long distance -- about 300 meters -- you can hit targets precisely , " said Henning Hassman , of Hanover 's archeological institute .
Researchers say the evidence suggests the tribesmen lured the Romans into the forest to keep them from making full use of those long - range weapons and draw them into hand - to - hand combat , outside of the formations the imperial troops had mastered .
However , they believe the Romans ultimately prevailed .
Other relics include coins depicting the late second - century Roman emperor Commodus , depicted in the Oscar - winning Hollywood epic " Gladiator " -- a film that opens with a scene of battle against a barbarian horde that scientists say appears to be largely accurate .
And Loenne said her team may have only begun to scratch the surface of the forest .
" We hope we might find fortifications and if we are lucky , maybe even battlefield graveyards , " she said .
“ Talk about cen­tral­i­sa­tion !
The cred­it sys­tem , which has its focus in the so - called nation­al banks and the big mon­ey - lenders and usurers sur­round­ing them , con­sti­tutes enor­mous cen­tral­i­sa­tion , and gives this class of par­a­sites the fab­u­lous pow­er , not only to peri­od­i­cal­ly despoil indus­tri­al cap­i­tal­ists , but also to inter­fere in actu­al pro­duc­tion in a most dan­ger­ous man­ner — and this gang knows noth­ing about pro­duc­tion and has noth­ing to do with it . ” [ 1 ]
Ten years ago , a quote from Marx would have one deemed a social­ist , and dis­missed from polite debate .
Today , such a quote can ( and did , along with Char­lie ’s pho­to ) appear in a fea­ture in the Syd­ney Morn­ing Her­ald — and not a few peo­ple would have been nod­ding their heads at how Marx got it right on bankers . F
He got it wrong on some oth­er issues , [ 2 ] but his analy­sis of mon­ey and cred­it , and how the cred­it sys­tem can bring an oth­er­wise well - func­tion­ing mar­ket econ­o­my to its knees , was spot on .
His obser­va­tions on the finan­cial cri­sis of 1857 still ring true today :
“ A high rate of inter­est can also indi­cate , as it did in 1857 , that the coun­try is under­mined by the rov­ing cav­a­liers of cred­it who can afford to pay a high inter­est because they pay it out of oth­er peo­ple ’s pock­ets ( where­by , how­ev­er , they help to deter­mine the rate of inter­est for all ) , and mean­while they live in grand style on antic­i­pat­ed prof­its .
Simul­ta­ne­ous­ly , pre­cise­ly this can inci­den­tal­ly pro­vide a very prof­itable busi­ness for man­u­fac­tur­ers and oth­ers .
Returns become whol­ly decep­tive as a result of the loan sys­tem … ” [ 1 ]
One and a half cen­turies after Marx false­ly pre­dict­ed the demise of cap­i­tal­ism , the peo­ple most like­ly to bring it about are not work­ing class rev­o­lu­tion­ar­ies , but the “ Rov­ing Cav­a­liers of Cred­it ” , against whom Marx quite just­ly railed .
This mon­th ’s Debt­watch is ded­i­cat­ed to analysing how these Cav­a­liers actu­al­ly “ make ” mon­ey and debt — something they think they under­stand , but in real­i­ty , they do n’t .
A sound mod­el of how mon­ey and debt are cre­at­ed makes it obvi­ous that we should nev­er have fall­en for the insane notion that the finan­cial sys­tem should be self - reg­u­lat­ing .
All that did was give the Cav­a­liers a licence to run amok , with the con­se­quences we are now expe­ri­enc­ing yet again — 150 years after Marx described the cri­sis that led him to write Das Kap­i­tal .
The conventional model : the “ Money Multiplier ”
Every macro­eco­nom­ics text­book has an expla­na­tion of how cred­it mon­ey is cre­at­ed by the sys­tem of frac­tion­al bank­ing that goes some­thing like this :
Banks are required to retain a cer­tain per­cent­age of any deposit as a reserve , known as the “ reserve require­ment ” ; for sim­plic­i­ty , let ’s say this frac­tion is 10 % .
When cus­tomer
Sue deposits say 100 new­ly print­ed gov­ern­ment $ 10 notes at her bank , it is then oblig­ed to hang on to ten of them — or $ 100 — but it is allowed to lend out the rest .
The bank then lends $ 900 to its cus­tomer Fred , who then deposits it in his bank — which is now required to hang on to 9 of the bills — or $ 90 — and can lend out the rest .
It then lends $ 810 to its cus­tomer Kim .
Kim then deposits this $ 810 in her bank .
It keeps $ 81 of the deposit , and lends the remain­ing $ 729 to its cus­tomer Kevin .
And on this iter­a­tive process goes .
Over time , a total of $ 10,000 in mon­ey is created — consisting of the orig­i­nal $ 1,000 injec­tion of gov­ern­ment mon­ey plus $ 9,000 in cred­it money — as well as $ 9,000 in total debts .
The fol­low­ing table illus­trates this , on the assump­tion that the time lag between a bank receiv­ing a new deposit , mak­ing a loan , and the recip­i­ent of the loan deposit­ing them in oth­er banks is a mere one week .
This mod­el of how banks cre­ate cred­it is sim­ple , easy to under­stand ( this ver­sion omits the fact that the pub­lic holds some of the cash in its own pock­ets rather than deposit­ing it all in the banks ; this detail is eas­i­ly catered for and is part of the stan­dard mod­el taught to econ­o­mists ) , … and com­plete­ly inad­e­quate as an expla­na­tion of the actu­al data on mon­ey and debt .
The Data versus the Money Multiplier Model
Two hypothe­ses about the nature of mon­ey can be derived from the mon­ey mul­ti­pli­er mod­el :
1 . The cre­ation of cred­it mon­ey should hap­pen after the cre­ation of gov­ern­ment mon­ey .
In the mod­el , the bank­ing sys­tem ca n’t cre­ate cred­it until it receives new deposits from the pub­lic ( that in turn orig­i­nate from the gov­ern­ment ) and there­fore finds itself with excess reserves that it can lend out .
Since the lend­ing , deposit­ing and relend­ing process takes time , there should be a sub­stan­tial time lag between an injec­tion of new gov­ern­ment - cre­at­ed mon­ey and the growth of cred­it mon­ey .
2 . The amount of mon­ey in the econ­o­my should exceed the amount of debt , with the dif­fer­ence rep­re­sent­ing the gov­ern­men­t ’s ini­tial cre­ation of mon­ey .
In the exam­ple above , the total of all bank deposits tapers towards $ 10,000 , the total of loans con­verges to $ 9,000 , and the dif­fer­ence is $ 1,000 , which is the amount of ini­tial gov­ern­ment mon­ey inject­ed into the sys­tem .
There­fore the ratio of Debt to Mon­ey should be less than one , and close to ( 1 ‑ Reserve Ratio ) : in the exam­ple above , D / M=0.9 , which is 1 minus the reserve ratio of 10 % or 0.1 .
Both these hypothe­ses are strong­ly con­tra­dict­ed by the data .
Test­ing the first hypoth­e­sis takes some sophis­ti­cat­ed data analy­sis , which was done by two lead­ing neo­clas­si­cal econ­o­mists in 1990 .
[3 ]
If the hypoth­e­sis were true , changes in M0 should pre­cede changes in M2 .
The time pat­tern of the data should look like the graph below : an ini­tial injec­tion of gov­ern­ment “ fiat ” mon­ey , fol­lowed by a grad­ual cre­ation of a much larg­er amount of cred­it mon­ey :
Their empir­i­cal con­clu­sion was just the oppo­site : rather than fiat mon­ey being cre­at­ed first and cred­it mon­ey fol­low­ing with a lag , the sequence was reversed : cred­it mon­ey was cre­at­ed first , and fiat mon­ey was then cre­at­ed about a year lat­er :
“ There is no evi­dence that either the mon­e­tary base or M1 leads the cycle , although some econ­o­mists still believe this mon­e­tary myth .
Both the mon­e­tary base and M1 series are gen­er­al­ly pro­cycli­cal and , if any­thing , the mon­e­tary base lags the cycle slight­ly .
( p. 11 )
The dif­fer­ence in the behav­ior of M1 and M2 sug­gests that the dif­fer­ence of these aggre­gates ( M2 minus M1 ) should be con­sid­ered …
The dif­fer­ence of M2 — M1 leads the cycle by even more than M2 , with the lead being about three quar­ters . ” ( p. 12 )
Thus rather than cred­it mon­ey being cre­at­ed with a lag after gov­ern­ment mon­ey , the data shows that cred­it mon­ey is cre­at­ed first , up to a year before there are changes in base mon­ey .
This con­tra­dicts the mon­ey mul­ti­pli­er mod­el of how cred­it and debt are cre­at­ed : rather than fiat mon­ey being need­ed to “ seed ” the cred­it cre­ation process , cred­it is cre­at­ed first and then after that , base mon­ey changes .
It does­ n’t take sophis­ti­cat­ed sta­tis­tics to show that the sec­ond pre­dic­tion is wrong — all you have to do is look at the ratio of pri­vate debt to mon­ey .
The the­o­ret­i­cal pre­dic­tion has nev­er been right — rather than the mon­ey stock exceed­ing debt , debt has always exceed­ed the mon­ey supply — and the degree of diver­gence has grown over time . ( there are atten­u­at­ing fac­tors that might affect the prediction — the pub­lic hoard­ing cash should make the ratio less than shown here , while non-banks would make it larger — but the gap between pre­dic­tion and real­i­ty is just too large for the the­o­ry to be tak­en seri­ous­ly ) .
Aca­d­e­m­ic eco­nom­ics respond­ed to these empir­i­cal chal­lenges to its accept­ed the­o­ry in the time - hon­oured way : it ignored them .
Well , the so - called “ main­stream ” did — the school of thought known as “ Neo­clas­si­cal eco­nom­ics ” .
A rival school of thought , known as Post Key­ne­sian eco­nom­ics , took these prob­lems seri­ous­ly , and devel­oped a dif­fer­ent the­o­ry of how mon­ey is cre­at­ed that is more con­sis­tent with the data .
This first major paper on this approach , “ The Endoge­nous Mon­ey Stock ” by the non-ortho­dox econ­o­mist Basil Moore , was pub­lished almost thir­ty years ago . [ 4 ]
Basil ’s essen­tial point was quite sim­ple .
The stan­dard mon­ey mul­ti­pli­er mod­el ’s assump­tion that banks wait pas­sive­ly for deposits before start­ing to lend is false .
Rather than bankers sit­ting back pas­sive­ly , wait­ing for depos­i­tors to give them excess reserves that they can then on - lend ,
“ In the real world , banks extend cred­it , cre­at­ing deposits in the process , and look for reserves lat­er ” . [ 5 ]
Thus loans come first — simultaneously cre­at­ing deposits — and at a lat­er stage the reserves are found .
The main mech­a­nism behind this are the “ lines of cred­it ” that major cor­po­ra­tions have arranged with banks that enable them to expand their loans from what­ev­er they are now up to a spec­i­fied lim­it .
If a firm access­es its line of cred­it to , for exam­ple , buy a new piece of machin­ery , then its debt to the bank ris­es by the price of the machine , and the deposit account of the machine ’s man­u­fac­tur­er ris­es by the same amount .
If the bank that issued the line of cred­it was already at its own lim­it in terms of its reserve require­ments , then it will bor­row that amount , either from the Fed­er­al Reserve or from oth­er sources .
If the entire bank­ing sys­tem is at its reserve require­ment lim­it , then the Fed­er­al Reserve has three choic­es :
refuse to issue new reserves and cause a cred­it crunch ;
cre­ate new reserves ; or
relax the reserve ratio .
Since the main role of the Fed­er­al Reserve is to try to ensure the smooth func­tion­ing of the cred­it sys­tem , option one is out — so it either adds Base Mon­ey to the sys­tem , or relax­es the reserve require­ments , or both .
Thus cau­sa­tion in mon­ey cre­ation runs in the oppo­site direc­tion to that of the mon­ey mul­ti­pli­er mod­el : the cred­it mon­ey dog wags the fiat mon­ey tail .
Both the actu­al lev­el of mon­ey in the sys­tem , and the com­po­nent of it that is cre­at­ed by the gov­ern­ment , are con­trolled by the com­mer­cial sys­tem itself , and not by the Fed­er­al Reserve .
Cen­tral Banks around the world learnt this les­son the hard way in the 1970s and 1980s when they attempt­ed to con­trol the mon­ey sup­ply , fol­low­ing neo­clas­si­cal econ­o­mist Mil­ton Fried­man ’s the­o­ry of “ mon­e­tarism ” that blamed infla­tion on increas­es in the mon­ey sup­ply .
Fried­man argued that Cen­tral Banks should keep the reserve require­ment con­stant , and increase Base Mon­ey at about 5 % per annum ; this would , he assert­ed cause infla­tion to fall as peo­ple ’s expec­ta­tions adjust­ed , with only a minor ( if any ) impact on real eco­nom­ic activ­i­ty .
Though infla­tion was ulti­mate­ly sup­pressed by a severe reces­sion , the mon­e­tarist exper­i­ment over­all was an abject fail­ure .
Cen­tral Banks would set tar­gets for the growth in the mon­ey sup­ply and miss them completely — the mon­ey sup­ply would grow two to three times faster than the tar­gets they set .
Ulti­mate­ly , Cen­tral Banks aban­doned mon­e­tary tar­get­ting , and moved on to the mod­ern approach of tar­get­ting the overnight inter­est rate as a way to con­trol infla­tion . [ 6 ]
Sev­er­al Cen­tral Banks — including Aus­trali­a ’s RBA — completely aban­doned the set­ting of reserve require­ments .
Others — such as Amer­i­ca ’s Fed­er­al Reserve — maintained them , but had such loop­holes in them that they became basi­cal­ly irrel­e­vant .
Thus the US Fed­er­al Reserve sets a Required Reserve Ratio of 10 % , but applies this only to deposits by indi­vid­u­als ; banks have no reserve require­ment at all for deposits by com­pa­nies . [ 7 ]
How­ev­er , neo­clas­si­cal eco­nom­ic the­o­ry nev­er caught up with either the data , or the actu­al prac­tices of Cen­tral Banks — and Ben Bernanke , a lead­ing neo­clas­si­cal the­o­reti­cian , and unabashed fan of Mil­ton Fried­man , is now in con­trol of the Fed­er­al Reserve .
He is there­fore try­ing to resolve the finan­cial cri­sis and pre­vent defla­tion in a neo­clas­si­cal man­ner : by increas­ing the Base Mon­ey sup­ply .
Give Bernanke cred­it for try­ing here : the rate at which he is increas­ing Base Mon­ey is unprece­dent­ed .
Base Mon­ey dou­bled between 1994 and 2008 ; Bernanke has dou­bled it again in just the last 4 months .
If the mon­ey mul­ti­pli­er mod­el of mon­ey cre­ation were cor­rect , then ulti­mate­ly this would lead to a dra­mat­ic growth in the mon­ey sup­ply as an addi­tion­al US $ 7 tril­lion of cred­it mon­ey was grad­u­al­ly cre­at­ed .
If neo­clas­si­cal the­o­ry was cor­rect , this increase in the mon­ey sup­ply would cause a bout of infla­tion , which would end bring the cur­rent defla­tion­ary peri­od to a halt , and we could all go back to “ busi­ness as usu­al ” .
That is clear­ly what Bernanke is bank­ing on :
“ The con­clu­sion that defla­tion is always reversible under a fiat mon­ey sys­tem fol­lows from basic eco­nom­ic rea­son­ing .
A lit­tle para­ble may prove use­ful : Today an ounce of gold sells for $ 300 , more or less .
Now sup­pose that a mod­ern alchemist solves his sub­jec­t ’s old­est prob­lem by find­ing a way to pro­duce unlim­it­ed amounts of new gold at essen­tial­ly no cost .
More­over , his inven­tion is wide­ly pub­li­cized and sci­en­tif­i­cal­ly ver­i­fied , and he announces his inten­tion to begin mas­sive pro­duc­tion of gold with­in days .
What would hap­pen to the price of gold ?
Pre­sum­ably , the poten­tial­ly unlim­it­ed sup­ply of cheap gold would cause the mar­ket price of gold to plum­met .
Indeed , if the mar­ket for gold is to any degree effi­cient , the price of gold would col­lapse imme­di­ate­ly after the announce­ment of the inven­tion , before the alchemist had pro­duced and mar­ket­ed a sin­gle ounce of yel­low met­al .
Like gold , U.S. dol­lars have val­ue only to the extent that they are strict­ly lim­it­ed in sup­ply .
But the U.S. gov­ern­ment has a tech­nol­o­gy , called a print­ing press ( or , today , its elec­tron­ic equiv­a­lent ) , that allows it to pro­duce as many U.S. dol­lars as it wish­es at essen­tial­ly no cost .
By increas­ing the num­ber of U.S. dol­lars in cir­cu­la­tion , or even by cred­i­bly threat­en­ing to do so , the U.S. gov­ern­ment can also reduce the val­ue of a dol­lar in terms of goods and ser­vices , which is equiv­a­lent to rais­ing the prices in dol­lars of those goods and ser­vices .
We con­clude that , under a paper - mon­ey sys­tem , a deter­mined gov­ern­ment can always gen­er­ate high­er spend­ing and hence pos­i­tive infla­tion …
If we do fall into defla­tion , how­ev­er , we can take com­fort that the log­ic of the print­ing press exam­ple must assert itself , and suf­fi­cient injec­tions of mon­ey will ulti­mate­ly always reverse a defla­tion . ” [ 8 ]
How­ev­er , from the point of view of the empir­i­cal record , and the rival the­o­ry of endoge­nous mon­ey , this will fail on at least four fronts :
1 . Banks wo n’t cre­ate more cred­it mon­ey as a result of the injec­tions of Base Mon­ey .
Instead , inac­tive reserves will rise ;
2. Cre­at­ing more cred­it mon­ey requires a match­ing increase in debt — even if the mon­ey mul­ti­pli­er mod­el were cor­rect , what would the odds be of the pri­vate sec­tor tak­ing on an addi­tion­al US $ 7 tril­lion in debt in addi­tion to the cur­rent US $ 42 tril­lion it already owes ? ;
3 . Defla­tion will con­tin­ue because the motive force behind it will still be there — distress sell­ing by retail­ers and whole­salers who are des­per­ate­ly try­ing to avoid going bank­rupt ; and
4 . The macro­eco­nom­ic process of delever­ag­ing will reduce real demand no mat­ter what is done , as Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer recent­ly not­ed : “ We ’re cer­tain­ly in the midst of a once - in - a - life­time set of eco­nom­ic con­di­tions .
The per­spec­tive I would bring is not one of reces­sion .
Rather , the econ­o­my is reset­ting to low­er lev­el of busi­ness and con­sumer spend­ing based large­ly on the reduced lever­age in econ­o­my ” . [ 9 ]
The only way that Bernanke ’s “ print­ing press exam­ple ” would work to cause infla­tion in our cur­rent debt - laden would be if sim­ply Zim­bab­wean lev­els of mon­ey were printed — so that fiat mon­ey could sub­stan­tial­ly repay out­stand­ing debt and effec­tive­ly sup­plant cred­it - based mon­ey .
Mea­sured on this scale , Bernanke ’s increase in Base Mon­ey goes from being hero­ic to triv­ial .
Not only does the scale of cred­it - cre­at­ed mon­ey great­ly exceed gov­ern­ment - cre­at­ed mon­ey , but debt in turn great­ly exceeds even the broad­est mea­sure of the mon­ey stock — the M3 series that the Fed some years ago decid­ed to dis­con­tin­ue .
Bernanke ’s expan­sion of M0 in the last four months of 2008 has mere­ly reduced the debt to M0 ratio from 47:1 to 36:1 ( the debt data is quar­ter­ly whole mon­ey stock data is month­ly , so the fall in the ratio is more than shown here giv­en the lag in report­ing of debt ) .
To make a seri­ous dent in debt lev­els , and thus enable the increase in base mon­ey to affect the aggre­gate mon­ey stock and hence cause infla­tion , Bernanke would need to not mere­ly dou­ble M0 , but to increase it by a fac­tor of , say , 25 from pre-inter­ven­tion lev­els .
That US $ 20 tril­lion truck­load of green­backs might enable Amer­i­cans to repay , say , one quar­ter of out­stand­ing debt with one half — thus reduc­ing the debt to GDP ratio about 200 % ( rough­ly what it was dur­ing the Dot­Com bub­ble and , coin­ci­den­tal­ly , 1931 ) — and get back to some seri­ous infla­tion­ary spend­ing with the oth­er ( of course , in the con­text of a seri­ous­ly depre­ci­at­ing cur­ren­cy ) .
But with any­thing less than that , his attempts to reflate the Amer­i­can econ­o­my will sink in the ocean of debt cre­at­ed by Amer­i­ca ’s mod­ern - day “ Rov­ing Cav­a­liers of Cred­it ” .
How to be a “ Cavalier of Credit ”
Note Bernanke ’s assump­tion ( high­light­ed above ) in his argu­ment that print­ing mon­ey would always ulti­mate­ly cause infla­tion : “ under a fiat mon­ey sys­tem ” .
The point made by endoge­nous mon­ey the­o­rists is that we do n’t live in a fiat - mon­ey sys­tem , but in a cred­it - mon­ey sys­tem which has had a rel­a­tive­ly small and sub­servient fiat mon­ey sys­tem tacked onto it .
We are there­fore not in a “ frac­tion­al reserve bank­ing sys­tem ” , but in a cred­it - mon­ey one , where the dynam­ics of mon­ey and debt are vast­ly dif­fer­ent to those assumed by Bernanke and neo­clas­si­cal eco­nom­ics in gen­er­al . [ 10 ]
Call­ing our cur­rent finan­cial sys­tem a “ fiat mon­ey ” or “ frac­tion­al reserve bank­ing sys­tem ” is akin to the blind man who clas­si­fied an ele­phant as a snake , because he felt its trunk .
We live in a cred­it mon­ey sys­tem with a fiat mon­ey sub­sys­tem that has some inde­pen­dence , but cer­tain­ly does­ n’t rule the mon­e­tary roost — far from it .
The best place to start to analyse the mon­e­tary sys­tem is there­fore to con­sid­er a mod­el of a pure cred­it economy — a toy econ­o­my in which there is no gov­ern­ment sec­tor and no Cen­tral Bank whatsoever — and see how that mod­el behaves .
The first issue in such a sys­tem is how does one become a bank ? — or a “ cav­a­lier of cred­it ” in Marx ’s won­der­ful­ly evoca­tive phrase ?
The answer was pro­vid­ed by the Ital­ian non-ortho­dox econ­o­mist Augus­to Graziani : a bank is a third par­ty to all trans­ac­tions , whose account - keep­ing between buy­er and sell­er is regard­ed as final­ly set­tling all claims between them .
Huh ?
What does that mean ?
To explain it , I ’ll com­pare it with the man­ner in which we ’ve been mis­led to think­ing about the mar­ket econ­o­my by neo­clas­si­cal eco­nom­ics .
It has delud­ed us into think­ing of a mar­ket econ­o­my as being fun­da­men­tal­ly a sys­tem of barter .
Every trans­ac­tion is seen as being two sided , and involv­ing two com­modi­ties : Farmer Maria wants to sell pigs and buy cop­per pipe ; Plumber Joe wants to sell cop­per pipe and buy pigs .
Mon­ey sim­ply elim­i­nates the prob­lem that it ’s very hard for Plumber Joe to find Farmer Maria .
Instead , they each sell their com­mod­i­ty for mon­ey , and then exchange that mon­ey for the com­mod­i­ty they real­ly want .
The pic­ture appears more complicated — there are two mar­kets intro­duced as well , with Farmer Maria sell­ing pigs to the pig mar­ket in return for mon­ey , Plumber Joe doing the same thing in the cop­per mar­ket , and then armed with mon­ey from their sales , they go across to the oth­er mar­ket and buy what they want .
But it is still a lot eas­i­er than a plumber going out to try to find a pig farmer who wants cop­per pipes .
In this mod­el of the econ­o­my , mon­ey is use­ful in that it replaces a very dif­fi­cult search process with a sys­tem of mar­kets .
But fun­da­men­tal­ly the sys­tem is no dif­fer­ent to the barter mod­el above : mon­ey is just a con­ve­nient “ numeraire ” , and any­thing at all could be used — even cop­per pipe or pigs — so long as all mar­kets agreed to accept it .
Gold tends to be the numeraire of choice because it does­ n’t degrade , and paper mon­ey mere­ly replaces gold as a more con­ve­nient form of numeraire .
Impor­tant­ly , in this mod­el , mon­ey is an asset to its hold­er , but a lia­bil­i­ty to no-one .
There is mon­ey , but no debt .
The frac­tion­al bank­ing mod­el that is tacked onto this vision of bar­ter­ing adds yet anoth­er mar­ket where depos­i­tors ( savers ) sup­ply mon­ey at a price ( the rate of inter­est ) , and lenders buy mon­ey for that price , and the inter­ac­tion between sup­ply and demand sets the price .
Debt now exists , but in the mod­el world total debt is less than the amount of mon­ey .
If this mar­ket pro­duces too much mon­ey ( which it can do in a frac­tion­al bank­ing sys­tem because the gov­ern­ment deter­mines the sup­ply of base mon­ey and the reserve require­ment ) then there can be infla­tion of the mon­ey prices of com­modi­ties .
Equal­ly if the mon­ey mar­ket sud­den­ly con­tracts , then there can be defla­tion .
It ’s fair­ly easy to sit­u­ate Bernanke ’s dra­mat­ic increase in Base Mon­ey with­in this view of the world .
If only it were the world in which we live .
Instead , we live in a cred­it econ­o­my , in which intrin­si­cal­ly use­less pieces of paper — or even sim­ple trans­fers of elec­tron­ic records of numbers — are hap­pi­ly accept­ed in return for real , hard com­modi­ties .
This in itself is not incom­pat­i­ble with a frac­tion­al bank­ing mod­el , but the empir­i­cal data tells us that cred­it mon­ey is cre­at­ed inde­pen­dent­ly of fiat mon­ey : cred­it mon­ey rules the roost .
So our fun­da­men­tal under­stand­ing of a mon­e­tary econ­o­my should pro­ceed from a mod­el in which cred­it is intrin­sic , and gov­ern­ment mon­ey is tacked on later — and not the oth­er way round .
Our start­ing point for analysing the econ­o­my should there­fore be a “ pure cred­it ” econ­o­my , in which there are pri­vate­ly issued bank notes , but no gov­ern­ment sec­tor and no fiat mon­ey .
Yet this has to be an econ­o­my in which intrin­si­cal­ly use­less items are accept­ed as pay­ment for intrin­si­cal­ly use­ful ones — you ca n’t eat a bank note , but you can eat a pig .
So how can that be done with­out cor­rupt­ing the entire sys­tem .
Some­one has to have the right to pro­duce the bank notes ; how can this sys­tem be the basis of exchange , with­out the per­son who has that right abus­ing it ?
Graziani ( and oth­ers in the “ Cir­cuitist ” tra­di­tion ) rea­soned that this would only be pos­si­ble if the pro­duc­er of bank notes — or the keep­er of the elec­tron­ic records of money — could not sim­ply print them when­ev­er he / she want­ed a com­mod­i­ty , and go and buy that com­mod­i­ty with them .
But at the same time , peo­ple involved in ordi­nary com­merce had to accept the trans­fer of these intrin­si­cal­ly use­less things in return for com­modi­ties .
“ There­fore for a sys­tem of cred­it mon­ey to work , three con­di­tions had to be ful­filled :
In order for mon­ey to exist , three basic con­di­tions must be met :
a ) mon­ey has to be a token cur­ren­cy ( oth­er­wise it would give rise to barter and not to mon­e­tary exchanges ) ;
b ) mon­ey has to be accept­ed as a means of final set­tle­ment of the trans­ac­tion ( oth­er­wise it would be cred­it and not mon­ey ) ;
c ) mon­ey must not grant priv­i­leges of seignor­age to any agent mak­ing a pay­ment . ” [ 11 ]
In Grazian­i ’s words , “ The only way to sat­is­fy those three con­di­tions is …:
“ to have pay­ments made by means of promis­es of a third agent , the typ­i­cal third agent being nowa­days .
When an agent makes a pay­ment by means of a cheque , he sat­is­fies his part­ner by the promise of the bank to pay the amount due .
Once the pay­ment is made , no debt and cred­it rela­tion­ships are left between the two agents .
But one of them is now a cred­i­tor of the bank , while the sec­ond is a debtor of the same bank .
This insures that , in spite of mak­ing final pay­ments by means of paper mon­ey , agents are not grant­ed any kind of priv­i­lege .
For this to be true , any mon­e­tary pay­ment must there­fore be a tri­an­gu­lar trans­ac­tion , involv­ing at least three agents , the pay­er , the pay­ee , and the bank . ” ( p. 3 ) .
Thus in a cred­it econ­o­my , all trans­ac­tions are involve one com­mod­i­ty , and three par­ties : a sell­er , a buy­er , and a bank whose trans­fer of mon­ey from the buy­er ’s account to the sell­er ’s is accept­ed by them as final­is­ing the sale of the com­mod­i­ty .
So the actu­al pat­tern in any trans­ac­tion in a cred­it mon­ey econ­o­my is as shown below :
This makes banks and mon­ey an essen­tial fea­ture of a cred­it econ­o­my , not some­thing that can be ini­tial­ly ignored and incor­po­rat­ed lat­er , as neo­clas­si­cal eco­nom­ics has attempt­ed to do ( unsuc­cess­ful­ly ; one of the hard­est things for a neo­clas­si­cal math­e­mat­i­cal mod­eller is to explain why mon­ey exists , apart from the search advan­tages not­ed above .
Gen­er­al­ly there­fore their mod­els omit money — and debt — completely ) .
It also defines what a bank is : it is a third par­ty whose record - keep­ing is trust­ed by all par­ties as record­ing the trans­fers of cred­it mon­ey that effect sales of com­modi­ties .
The bank makes a legit­i­mate liv­ing by lend­ing mon­ey to oth­er agents — thus simul­ta­ne­ous­ly cre­at­ing loans and deposits — and charg­ing a high­er rate of inter­est on loans than on deposits .
Thus in a fun­da­men­tal way , a bank is a bank because it is trust­ed .
Of course , as we know from our cur­rent bit­ter expe­ri­ence , banks can dam­age that trust ; but it remains the well­spring from which their exis­tence aris­es .
This mod­el helped dis­tin­guish the real­is­tic mod­el of endoge­nous mon­ey from the unre­al­is­tic neo­clas­si­cal vision of a barter econ­o­my .
It also makes it pos­si­ble to explain what a cred­it crunch is , and why it has such a dev­as­tat­ing impact upon eco­nom­ic activ­i­ty .
First , the basics : how does a pure cred­it econ­o­my work , and how is mon­ey cre­at­ed in one ?
( The rest of this post nec­es­sar­i­ly gets tech­ni­cal and is there for those who want detailed back­ground .
It reports new research into the dynam­ics of a cred­it econ­o­my .
There ’s noth­ing here any­where near as poet­ic as Marx ’s “ Cav­a­liers of Cred­it ” , but I hope it explains how a cred­it econ­o­my works , and how it can go bad­ly wrong in a “ cred­it crunch ” )
How the Cavaliers “ Make Money ”
Sev­er­al economists — notably Wick­sell and Keynes — envisaged a “ pure cred­it econ­o­my ” .
Keynes imag­ined a world in which “ invest­ment is pro­ceed­ing at a steady rate ” , in which case :
“ the finance ( or the com­mit­ments to finance ) required can be sup­plied from a revolv­ing fund of a more or less con­stant amount , one entre­pre­neur hav­ing his finance replen­ished for the pur­pose of a pro­ject­ed invest­ment as anoth­er exhausts his on pay­ing for his com­plet­ed invest­ment . ” [ 12 ]
This is the start­ing point to under­stand­ing a pure cred­it economy — and there­fore to under­stand­ing our cur­rent econ­o­my and why it ’s in a bind .
Con­sid­er an econ­o­my with three sec­tors : firms that pro­duce goods , banks that charge and pay inter­est , and house­holds that sup­ply work­ers .
Firms are the only enti­ties that bor­row , and the bank­ing sec­tor gave loans at some stage in the past to start pro­duc­tion .
Firms hired work­ers with this mon­ey ( and bought inputs from each oth­er ) , enabling pro­duc­tion , and ulti­mate­ly the econ­o­my set­tled down to a con­stant turnover of mon­ey and goods ( as yet there is no tech­no­log­i­cal change , pop­u­la­tion growth , or wage bar­gain­ing ) .
There are four types of accounts : Firms ’ Loans , Firms ’ Deposits , Banks ’ Deposits , and House­holds Deposits .
These finan­cial flows are described by the fol­low­ing table .
I ’m eschew­ing math­e­mat­i­cal sym­bols and just using let­ters here to avoid the “ MEGO ” effect ( “ My Eyes Glaze Over ” ) — if you want to check out the equa­tions , see this paper :
1. Inter­est accrues on the out­stand­ing loans .
2. Firms pay inter­est on the loans .
This is how the banks make mon­ey , and it involves a trans­fer of mon­ey from the firms deposit accounts to the banks .
The banks then have to acknowl­edge this pay­ment of inter­est by record­ing it against the out­stand­ing debt firms owe them .
3 . Banks pay inter­est to firms on the bal­ances in their deposit accounts .
This involves a trans­fer from Bank Deposit accounts to Firms ; this is a cost of busi­ness to banks , but they make mon­ey this way because ( a ) the rate of inter­est on loans is high­er than that on deposits and ( b ) as is shown lat­er , the vol­ume of loans out­stand­ing exceeds the deposits that banks have to pay inter­est on ;
4 . Firms pay wages to work­ers ; this is a trans­fer from the firms deposits to the house­holds .
5 . Banks pay inter­est to house­holds on the bal­ances in their deposit accounts .
6 . Banks and house­holds pay mon­ey to firms in order to pur­chase some of the out­put from fac­to­ries for con­sump­tion and inter­me­di­ate goods .
This finan­cial activ­i­ty allows pro­duc­tion to take place :
1. Work­ers are hired and paid a wage ;
2 . They pro­duce out­put in fac­to­ries at a con­stant lev­el of pro­duc­tiv­i­ty ;
3 . The out­put is then sold to oth­er firms , banks and house­holds ;
4 . The price lev­el is set so that in equi­lib­ri­um the flow of demand equals the flow of out­put
The graphs below show the out­come of a sim­u­la­tion of this sys­tem , which show that a pure cred­it econ­o­my can work : firms can bor­row mon­ey , make a prof­it and pay it back , and a sin­gle “ revolv­ing fund of finance ” , as Keynes put it , can main­tain a set lev­el of eco­nom­ic activ­i­ty . [ 13 ]
These sta­ble accounts sup­port a flow of eco­nom­ic activ­i­ty in time , giv­ing firms , house­holds and banks steady incomes :
Out­put and employ­ment also tick over at a con­stant lev­el :
That ’s the absolute­ly basic pic­ture ; to get clos­er to our cur­rent real­i­ty , a lot more needs to be added .
The next mod­el includes , in addi­tion to the basic sys­tem shown above :
1. Repay­ment of debt , which involves a trans­fer from the Firms ’ deposit account to an account that was­ n’t shown in the pre­vi­ous mod­el that records
Banks unlent reserves ; this trans­fer of mon­ey has to be acknowl­edged by the banks by a match­ing reduc­tion in the record­ed lev­el of debt ;
2. Relend­ing from unlent reserves .
This involves a trans­fer of mon­ey , against which an equiv­a­lent increase in debt is record­ed ;
3 . The exten­sion of new loans to the firm sec­tor by the banks .
The firms sec­tor ’s deposits are increased , and simul­ta­ne­ous­ly the record­ed lev­el of debt is increased by the same amount .
4 . Invest­ment of part of bank prof­its by a trans­fer from the bank­ing sec­tor ’s deposit accounts to the unlent reserves .
5. Vari­able wages , grow­ing labour pro­duc­tiv­i­ty and a grow­ing pop­u­la­tion .
The finan­cial table for this sys­tem is :
As with the pre­vi­ous mod­el , this toy econ­o­my “ works ” — it is pos­si­ble for firms to bor­row mon­ey , make a prof­it , and repay their debt .
With the addi­tion­al ele­ments of debt repay­ment and the cre­ation of new mon­ey , this mod­el also lets us see what hap­pens to bank income when these para­me­ters change .
Though in some ways the answers are obvi­ous , it lets us see why banks are tru­ly cav­a­lier with cred­it .
The con­clu­sions are that bank income is big­ger :
If the rate of mon­ey cre­ation is high­er ( this is by far the most impor­tant fac­tor ) ;
If the rate of cir­cu­la­tion of unlent reserves is high­er ; and
If the rate of debt repay­ment is lower — which is why , in “ nor­mal ” finan­cial cir­cum­stances , banks are quite hap­py not to have debt repaid .
In some ways these con­clu­sions are unre­mark­able : banks make mon­ey by extend­ing debt , and the more they cre­ate , the more they are like­ly to earn .
But this is a rev­o­lu­tion­ary con­clu­sion when com­pared to stan­dard think­ing about banks and debt , because the mon­ey mul­ti­pli­er mod­el implies that , what­ev­er banks might want to do , they are con­strained from so doing by a mon­ey cre­ation process that they do not con­trol .
How­ev­er , in the real world , they do con­trol the cre­ation of cred­it .
Giv­en their pro­cliv­i­ty to lend as much as is pos­si­ble , the only real con­straint on bank lend­ing is the pub­lic ’s will­ing­ness to go into debt .
In the mod­el econ­o­my shown here , that will­ing­ness direct­ly relates to the per­ceived pos­si­bil­i­ties for prof­itable investment — and since these are lim­it­ed , so also is the uptake of debt .
But in the real world — and in my mod­els of Min­sky ’s Finan­cial Insta­bil­i­ty Hypoth­e­sis — there is an addi­tion­al rea­son why the pub­lic will take on debt : the per­cep­tion of pos­si­bil­i­ties for pri­vate gain from lever­aged spec­u­la­tion on asset prices .
That clear­ly is what has hap­pened in the world ’s recent eco­nom­ic his­to­ry , as it hap­pened pre­vi­ous­ly in the runup to the Great Depres­sion and numer­ous finan­cial crises before­hand .
In its after­math , we are now expe­ri­enc­ing a “ cred­it crunch ” — a sud­den rever­sal with the cav­a­liers going from being will­ing to lend to vir­tu­al­ly any­one with a pulse , to refus­ing cred­it even to those with sol­id finan­cial his­to­ries .
I intro­duce a “ cred­it crunch ” into this mod­el by chang­ing those same key key finan­cial para­me­ters at the 30 year mark , but decreas­ing them rather than increas­ing them .
Firms go from hav­ing a 20 year hori­zon for debt repay­ment to a 6.4 year hori­zon , banks go from increas­ing the mon­ey sup­ply at 10 % per annum to 3.2 % per annum , while the rate of cir­cu­la­tion of unlent reserves drops by 68 % .
There is much more to our cur­rent cri­sis than this — in par­tic­u­lar , this mod­el omits “ Ponzi lend­ing ” that finances gam­bling on asset prices rather than pro­duc­tive invest­ment , and the result­ing accu­mu­la­tion of debt com­pared to GDP — but this lev­el of change in finan­cial para­me­ters alone is suf­fi­cient to cause a sim­u­lat­ed cri­sis equiv­a­lent to the Great Depres­sion .
Its behav­iour repro­duces much of what we ’re wit­ness­ing now : there is a sud­den blowout in unlent reserves , and a decline in the nom­i­nal lev­el of debt and in the amount of mon­ey cir­cu­lat­ing in the econ­o­my .
This is the real world phe­nom­e­non that Bernanke is now rail­ing against with his increas­es in Base Mon­ey , and already the wide­spread lament amongst pol­i­cy mak­ers is that banks are not lend­ing out this addi­tion­al mon­ey , but sim­ply build­ing up their reserves .
Tough : in a cred­it econ­o­my , that ’s what banks do after a finan­cial crisis — it ’s what they did dur­ing the Great Depres­sion .
This cred­it - econ­o­my phe­nom­e­non is the real rea­son that the mon­ey sup­ply dropped dur­ing the Depres­sion : it was ­ n’t due to “ bad Fed­er­al Reserve pol­i­cy ” as Bernanke him­self has opined , but due to the fact that we live in a cred­it mon­ey world , and not the fiat mon­ey fig­ment of neo­clas­si­cal imag­i­na­tion .
The impact of the sim­u­lat­ed cred­it crunch on my toy econ­o­my ’s real vari­ables is sim­i­lar to that of the Great Depres­sion : real out­put slumps severe­ly , as does employ­ment .
The nom­i­nal val­ue of out­put also falls , because prices also fall along with real out­put .
This fall in prices is dri­ven by a switch from a regime of grow­ing demand to one of shrink­ing demand .
Rather than there being a con­tin­u­ous slight imbal­ance in demand ’s favour , the imbal­ance shifts in favour of supply — and prices con­tin­ue falling even though out­put even­tu­al­ly starts to rise .
The unem­ploy­ment rate explodes rapid­ly from full employ­ment to 25 per­cent of the work­force being out of a job — and then begins a slow recov­ery .
Final­ly , wages behave in a per­verse fash­ion , just as Keynes argued dur­ing the Great Depres­sion : nom­i­nal wages fall , but real wages rise because the fall in prices out­runs the fall in wages .
This com­bi­na­tion of falling prices and falling out­put means that despite the fall in nom­i­nal debts , the ratio of debt to nom­i­nal out­put actu­al­ly rises — again , as hap­pened for the first few years of the Great Depres­sion .
Though this mod­el is still sim­ple com­pared to the econ­o­my in which we live , it ’s a lot clos­er to our actu­al econ­o­my than the mod­els devel­oped by con­ven­tion­al “ neo­clas­si­cal ” econ­o­mists , which ignore mon­ey and debt , and pre­sume that the econ­o­my will always con­verge to a “ NAIRU ” [ 14 ] equi­lib­ri­um after any shock .
It also shows the impor­tance of the nom­i­nal mon­ey stock , some­thing that neo­clas­si­cal econ­o­mists com­plete­ly ignore .
To quote Mil­ton Fried­man on this point :
“ It is a com­mon­place of mon­e­tary the­o­ry that noth­ing is so unim­por­tant as the quan­ti­ty of mon­ey expressed in terms of the nom­i­nal mon­e­tary unit — dollars , or pounds , or pesos …
Let the num­ber of dol­lars in exis­tence be mul­ti­plied by 100 ; that , too , will have no oth­er essen­tial effect , pro­vid­ed that all oth­er nom­i­nal mag­ni­tudes ( prices of goods and ser­vices , and quan­ti­ties of oth­er assets and lia­bil­i­ties that are expressed in nom­i­nal terms ) are also mul­ti­plied by 100 . ” [ 15 ]
The mad­ness in Fried­man ’s argu­ment is the assump­tion that increas­ing the mon­ey sup­ply by a fac­tor of 100 will also cause “ all oth­er nom­i­nal mag­ni­tudes ” includ­ing com­mod­i­ty prices and debts to be mul­ti­plied by the same fac­tor .
What­ev­er might be the impact on prices of increas­ing the mon­ey sup­ply by a fac­tor of 100 , the nom­i­nal val­ue of debt would remain con­stant : debt con­tracts do n’t give banks the right to increase your out­stand­ing lev­el of debt just because prices have changed .
Move­ments in the nom­i­nal prices of goods and ser­vices are n’t per­fect­ly mir­rored by changes in the lev­el of nom­i­nal debts , and this is why nom­i­nal mag­ni­tudes ca n’t be ignored .
In this mod­el I have devel­oped , mon­ey and its rate of cir­cu­la­tion mat­ter because they deter­mine the lev­el of nom­i­nal and real demand .
It is a “ New Mon­e­tarism ” mod­el , in which mon­ey is cru­cial .
Iron­i­cal­ly , Mil­ton Fried­man argued that mon­ey was cru­cial in his inter­pre­ta­tion of the Great Depression — that the fail­ure of the Fed­er­al Reserve to suf­fi­cient­ly increase the mon­ey sup­ply allowed defla­tion to occur .
But he a triv­ial “ heli­copter ” mod­el of mon­ey cre­ation that saw all mon­ey as orig­i­nat­ing from the oper­a­tions of the Fed­er­al Reserve :
“ Let us sup­pose now that one day a heli­copter flies over this com­mu­ni­ty and drops an addi­tion­al $ 1,000 in bills from the sky , which is , of course , hasti­ly col­lect­ed by mem­bers of the com­mu­ni­ty .
Let us sup­pose fur­ther that every­one is con­vinced that this is a unique event which will nev­er be repeat­ed … [ 16 ]
When the heli­copter starts drop­ping mon­ey in a steady stream — or , more gen­er­al­ly , when the quan­ti­ty of mon­ey starts unex­pect­ed­ly to rise more rapid­ly — it takes time for peo­ple to catch on to what is hap­pen­ing .
Ini­tial­ly , they let actu­al bal­ances exceed long — run desired bal­ances … ” ( p. 13 )
and a triv­ial mod­el of the real econ­o­my that argued that it always tend­ed back to equi­lib­ri­um :
“ Let us start with a sta­tion­ary soci­ety in which … ( 5 ) The soci­ety , though sta­tion­ary , is not sta­t­ic .
Aggre­gates are con­stant , but indi­vid­u­als are sub­ject to uncer­tain­ty and change .
Even the aggre­gates may change in a sto­chas­tic way , pro­vid­ed the mean val­ues do not …
Let us sup­pose that these con­di­tions have been in exis­tence long enough for the soci­ety to have reached a state of equi­lib­ri­um … ” ( pp. 2–3 )
One nat­ur­al ques­tion to ask about this final sit­u­a­tion is , “ What rais­es the price lev­el , if at all points mar­kets are cleared and real mag­ni­tudes are sta­ble ? ”
The answer is , “ Because every­one con­fi­dent­ly antic­i­pates that prices will rise . ” ( p. 10 )
Using this sim­plis­tic analy­sis , Mil­ton Fried­man claimed that infla­tion was caused by “ too many heli­copters ” and defla­tion by “ too few ” , and that the defla­tion that ampli­fied the down­turn in the 1930s could have been pre­vent­ed if only the Fed had sent more heli­copters into the fray :
“ dif­fer­ent and fea­si­ble actions by the mon­e­tary author­i­ties could have pre­vent­ed the decline in the mon­ey stock — indeed , pro­duced almost any desired increase in the mon­ey stock .
The same actions would also have eased the bank­ing dif­fi­cul­ties appre­cia­bly .
Pre­ven­tion or mod­er­a­tion of the decline in the stock of mon­ey , let alone the sub­sti­tu­tion of mon­e­tary expan­sion , would have reduced the con­trac­tion ’s sever­i­ty and almost as cer­tain­ly its dura­tion . ” [ 17 ]
With a sen­si­ble mod­el of how mon­ey is endoge­nous­ly cre­at­ed by the finan­cial sys­tem , it is pos­si­ble to con­cur that a decline in mon­ey con­tributed to the sever­i­ty of the Great Depres­sion , but not to blame that on the Fed­er­al Reserve not prop­er­ly exer­cis­ing its effec­tive­ly impo­tent pow­ers of fiat mon­ey cre­ation .
Instead , the decline was due to the nor­mal oper­a­tions of a cred­it mon­ey sys­tem dur­ing a finan­cial cri­sis that its own reck­less lend­ing has caused — the Cav­a­liers are cow­ards who rush into a bat­tle they are win­ning , and retreat at haste in defeat .
How­ev­er , with his belief in Fried­man ’s analy­sis , Bernanke did blame his 1930 pre­de­ces­sors for caus­ing the Great Depres­sion .
In his paean to Mil­ton Fried­man on the occa­sion of his 90th birth­day , Bernanke made the fol­low­ing remark :
“ Let me end my talk by abus­ing slight­ly my sta­tus as an offi­cial rep­re­sen­ta­tive of the Fed­er­al Reserve .
I would like to say to Mil­ton and Anna : Regard­ing the Great Depres­sion .
You ’re right , we did it .
We ’re very sor­ry .
But thanks to you , we wo n’t do it again . ” [ 18 ]
In fact , thanks to Mil­ton Fried­man and neo­clas­si­cal eco­nom­ics in gen­er­al , the Fed ignored the run up of debt that has caused this cri­sis , and every res­cue engi­neered by the Fed sim­ply increased the height of the precipice from which the even­tu­al fall into Depres­sion would occur .
Hav­ing failed to under­stand the mech­a­nism of mon­ey cre­ation in a cred­it mon­ey world , and failed to under­stand how that mech­a­nism goes into reverse dur­ing a finan­cial cri­sis , neo­clas­si­cal eco­nom­ics may end up doing what by acci­dent what Marx failed to achieve by delib­er­ate action , and bring cap­i­tal­ism to its knees .
Neo­clas­si­cal economics — and espe­cial­ly that derived from Mil­ton Fried­man ’s pen— is mad , bad , and dan­ger­ous to know .
Debtwatch Statistics February 2009
My dis­cus­sion of the most recent month­ly data is abbre­vi­at­ed giv­en the length of this Report , but it now appears that the debt bub­ble has start­ed to burst .
Pri­vate debt fell by $ A$ 5 bil­lion in the last month , the first fall since 2003 , and the steep­est month­ly fall on record .
As a result , Aus­trali­a ’s Debt to GDP ratio has start­ed to fall .
How­ev­er , it might rise once more if defla­tion takes hold .
This was the Depres­sion expe­ri­ence when the debt to GDP ratio rose even as nom­i­nal debt lev­els fell .
Leav­ing that pos­si­bil­i­ty aside for the moment , it appears that Aus­trali­a ’s peak pri­vate debt to GDP ratio occurred in March 2008 , with a ratio of 177 % of GDP includ­ing busi­ness secu­ri­ties ( or 165 % exclud­ing busi­ness secu­ri­ties ) .
Pelosi tries Dadaism
A video posted just now by the Speaker 's office .
Really .
Good to see they 're having a good time up there .
I love this santaclaus@gmail.com snapshot .
Bono , Jesuschrist , Rudolph , and Steve in his contacts ; him chatting about how he 'll give Xboxes to bad boys instead of coal because of the energy crisis ; God wanting a Wii ...
His inbox is just hilarious .
Advertisement
I want to read the rest of these emails , badly :
• Yahoo !
Answers Answer - Jim311 responded to : " Can Elves get Pregn
• Frosty The Snowman .
Dude - Check it .
I snapped a pic of this chick that I fu
• George W. Bush .
Dear santa - Can I have a third term ?
I promise I 'll b
• Ronald McDonald .
I wish - I had your cred man .
I can do more than sell
• Elfbang.com .
Your subscription - We renewed your subscription to the hottest elf on elf action [ Someone actually registered this domain name .
Yes , I tried it . ]
• Al Gore , me ( 7 ) Re : My Movie - Still have n't watched it yet ?
It affects you too , the polar ice c
• Digg. lnsaincain02 has sent you a shout on digg - Another D
Advertisement
In any case , I 'm just glad that Santa escaped his imperial imprisonment .
[ Holy Taco via Walyou ]
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
More fakemodos
• Apple Cancels All iPhone 3G Orders , Releases iBrick 3G
• Apple Introduces iPhone 3G Videoconferencing Kit , ZOMG !
• Indiana Jones ' Theme Secret Lyrics Uncovered
• Apple Introduces Manila Case - The World's Thinnest Notebook Case
Sea Paradise
Hakkeijima , Japan
Official Website ( English Version ) : http://www.seaparadise.co.jp
Click HERE to read our Sea Paradise Trip Report .
Click HERE to see our Japan trip video segments .
Click on a park below to see our complete photo update :
Tokyo Disneyland Tokyo DisneySea Sega Joypolis Tobu Zoo Park Fuji-Q Highland Tokyo Summerland Toshimaen Yomiuriland
LaQua Nagashima Spaland Universal Studios Japan Expoland Hirakata Park Festival Gate Nara Dreamland
Parque Espana Sea Paradise Yokohama Cosmoworld Japan Update Home !
Now that we 've gotten the bizarre fact that a Togo coaster was good out of the way , now comes the most bizarre thing we 've seen all trip :
" The Water Chute ! "
We had no idea what to expect here .
We thought it was just some ' old school ' Water Chute ride .
We were ' half - right . '
We walk up to it and see a ride op standing on the front of the boat while it travels down the drop !
WTF ?!?
And THEN , right when the boat hits the water , the ride op jumps like 10 feet in the air !
OMFG !!!
WTF ?!?!
Are we seeing this right ?!?
Turns out , these guys are like famous !
They 're ' acrobatic , boat jumpers ! "
Each one of the boat jumpers has a bio about their talent !
This is the weirdest thing I 've seen since the Casa De Fruita Cup Flipper !!!
Have another look .... here the boat hits the water and it 's going REALLY fast !
Then you heard this noise and all you see is the jumper dude WAY UP IN THE AIR !!!!!
Here he comes landing back on the boat .
And look at everyone in the boat , they are totally calm .
PEOPLE !!!
THIS IS INSANE !!!
Something amazing is happening here and no one in the boat seems to realize !
Wow !
All I know is I gotta find out where I need to sign up to be a ' boat jumper ! '
Wow !
Hehe , Crazy Barrels !
Remember when a ride like this used to be a Magic Mountain ?
" Screw Intamin .
I LOVE TOGO !!! "
Click HERE to see Yokohama Cosmoworld photos
Click HERE to read our Japan Trip Planning Guide
Click HERE to read our Japan Trip Reports
The financial cost of redundancies
Viewpoint
By David Knight
Associate Partner , KPMG
David Knight says companies have to consider redundancies carefully Reports of big job cuts are now an almost daily occurrence as the credit crunch hits both consumers and businesses hard .
Redundancies can sometimes be seen as a quick fix as employment costs often represent a significant slice of a company 's operating overheads .
But it can be very challenging to reduce the number of employees , particularly in a unionised workforce .
Furthermore , a redundancy programme can lead to problems when the upturn eventually arrives .
Past lessons
In the last recession some employers learned to their cost that stripping out headcount in a knee - jerk manner made it very difficult to grow the business when economic conditions eventually improved .
This time round , many organisations are exploiting alternative approaches to reducing their employment costs , either as an alternative to cutting staff numbers or in combination .
The options to cut employment costs without actually making redundancies include : Limiting external recruitment , promoting redeployment and retraining .
Changing policies on absence , working hours , and working practices that would reconfigure employment policies and terms and conditions of employment .
This is aimed at reducing costs or barriers to efficient working .
More effective management of the mix of full - time and part - time workers , permanent and temporary contracts , use of agency workers , and outsourcing contracts .
Reviewing National Insurance and the tax efficiency of employee benefits .
Sometimes , the only option is to reduce operating costs through redundancies .
While they can produce significant savings over a relatively short time frame , employers must navigate through statutory and contractual obligations .
They also risk unknowingly annoying the existing workforce and damaging their reputation and brand in the market .
Common errors Breaking statutory and contractual obligations can result in significant financial penalties .
So it is essential that companies understand the legal rules .
It is illegal to select people for redundancy on the basis of their disability , sex , race , religion , sexuality or age
Firms urged ' try to keep staff '
How to negotiate during redundancy Common errors include failing to consult with employees .
On occasions , the criteria for who to select for redundancy fails to comply with regulations .
It is illegal to select people for redundancy on the basis of their disability , sex , race , religion , sexuality or age .
Length of service - but not age - does , however , appear to be acceptable as part of a selection process for a redundancy in some cases .
There are also market reputation and brand considerations .
The business should communicate with staff so they understand why redundancies are needed .
This should be the same message told to those outside the company .
A good relationship with the trade unions representing employees is vital to create the right conditions for consultation and to minimise the risk of industrial action and disputes .
Financial costs
Deciding how much to offer the people who are being made redundant is often far from simple .
The City has not been immune to workers being made redundant
The financial terms to be offered to displaced employees may be influenced purely by affordability , contractual obligations or custom and practice .
Some organisations opt to pay more generous packages to encourage workers to sign up voluntarily .
It is vital to be aware of the cash - flow impact of a redundancy programme and to forecast the costs of redundancy against alternative exit strategies .
All potential costs should be considered , including statutory or company redundancy terms , pay in lieu of notice , National Insurance , accrued holiday , and outplacement .
Understanding the expected pay back period helps management make informed decisions on redundancy as a solution to cost reduction .
For example , in some cases it could take at least 6 months to recover the costs of redundancy in savings from a smaller workforce .
The opinions expressed are those of the author and are not held by the BBC unless specifically stated .
The material is for general information only and does not constitute investment , tax , legal or other form of advice .
You should not rely on this information to make ( or refrain from making ) any decisions .
Always obtain independent , professional advice for your own particular situation .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Sorry for the lack of updates last week , work and all , you know how it is .
Luckily , I got caught up on some rest and cuddliness this weekend , so we should be good to go !
So it happened : you got a parking ticket .
There are stages for this … first comes confusion .
“ Is that something on my windshield ?
Did someone spill neon - orange paint … ”
Next , realization “ oh god wait it ’s a , no… not a ticket !!! ”
Then , anger , “ What the _ is wrong with this spot ??
No one else has a ticket !
I ’m going to– ” and eventually we all take the ticket off our windows , throw it in the seat next to us in a fit of anger and despair , and drive away while the paper mocks us from the passenger seat until finally , at a stoplight , we open it again to take a closer look and read the full citation , only to enter the final stage , disbelief “ expired registration ?
Come ON !
By ONE DAY !!! ”
So how can you get out of it ?
We ’ve come up with a few solutions that seem effective in Boston for avoiding or escaping the scarlet letter of the automotive world that is the parking ticket :
1 . Be a police officer ( or at least appear to be )
They call it “ cops writing cops ” and it ’s rarely tolerated in the enforcement industry .
Recently , there was a Boston Globe article about how no one is ever ticketed at the BPD headquarters for parking illegally for fear that the driver might be an officer .
The key for the rest of us , is that you do n’t actually have to be a police officer , but merely give the impression that you are associated with one to up your chances of being ‘ overlooked ’ .
Some options :
placing something that looks convincingly like a ticket book on your dashboard .
This is the “ do not ticket me , I ’m in the biz ” calling card of parking enforcers everywhere .
getting one of those black and blue identifiers ( they call them ‘ thin blue line ’ plates ) or stickers to identify yourself as a member of the ‘ in - crowd ’
purchasing one of those ‘ supporters of the police ’ stickers ( that looks like a sheriffs badge ) by donating to a police charity .
2 . Be a lawyer ( or learn how to waste time like one )
The goal of a parking ticket is a quick monetary turnaround for the city .
They want you to go online , pay your ticket , and be done with it .
What they do n’t want is to deal with you filing , refiling , and re-refiling arguments against the ticket , citing conflicting laws and constitutional statutes , or claiming photographic proof that is still being developed .
City governments are run like businesses and if the cost to enforce the ticket exceeds the cost of the ticket , you ’ve got a shot at a one - time acquittal .
If nothing else , you could use this time to make a well placed wager at Foxwoods with the would - be ticket money and if your color hits , consider the ticket paid .
3 . Be innocent ( or so organized that you ’d have to be )
If you can quickly provide physical proof that the ticket was incorrect , pack the 10 pages worth of justification into a manilla envelope , tape the paid - postage return envelope that came with your ticket to the front , and mail it in the day you get the ticket .
The parking office can be surprisingly understanding when they ’ve made an obvious mistake , but they do n’t have much patience for you to get around to making your appeal .
This applies to # 2 above , even if you ’re going to argue it into the ground and drag it out , get your first appeal in quickly .
So that ’s it …one thing I ’m going to include here at the bottom is - do n’t be a jerk .
Especially if you see the parking enforcement agent writing you a ticket , the fastest way to get that ticket is to be rude to the man or woman who ’s just doing their job .
Keep cool , go for the quick , clear , convincing explanation , and if that does n’t work , prepare to fight the bureaucracy , not the individual .
Good luck out there …
Diagram of a Coat of Arms
Formally known as an achievement , armorial achievement , or heraldic achievement , what is commonly referred to as a " coat of arms " consists of several parts : the shield , the mantling , the helm , the wreath , charges , and the crest ( note that not all arms have crests ) .
The Heraldic Description of a Coat of Arms
The official , written description of the coat of arms is called the " blazon of arms , " such as " azure , a fess argent between in chief two fleurs - de - lis and in base a lion passant of the same . "
The blazon may seem like a foreign language , but it is simply a system of code words to denote colors , placement , and styling by using an economy of words .
Much of the design for a modern depiction of a given coat of arms is more the artist 's preference or the style of a particular herald , and not a part of any particular blazon .
The mantling and the banners for names and mottoes , for example , are not an official element of the blazon of arms .
The helm , likewise , is not a part of the official blazon .
Some historians attach a significance to the design of the helm or helmet as representative of a certain century or social status , but there are differences of opinion on this matter .
Comment penser mieux ?
Comment organiser notre vie mentale ?
Pas forcément pour devenir un athlète du sudoku , ou un génie à la Léonard de Vinci , mais simplement pour intégrer dans notre mode de vie ce que nous connaissons aujourd ’hui du cerveau et de l’esprit ?
Reconnaissons -le : du cerveau , de l’esprit , on ne sait aujourd ’hui pas grand - chose , en tout cas pas grand - chose de pratique .
Et lorsqu’une technique marche , on ne peut savoir si oui ou non on a affaire à un effet placebo ou pire , à quelque chose de vraiment efficace , mais qu’il faudra payer au prix fort .
Les modes d’action sont multiples .
On peut chercher à travailler au niveau des composants de base de notre cerveau , en modifiant directement le fonctionnement de nos neurones ou synapses .
Cela se fait aujourd ’hui directement de façon chimique à l’aide de produits comme la caféine , l’alcool , ou des composés plus risqués ou moins recommandables , et peut être demain à coup d’implants cybernétiques .
On peut travailler sur son fonctionnement par l’entraînement , en lui faisant faire des exercices destinés à booster certaines fonctions primaires , comme la mémoire .
C’est le tout nouveau champ en plein boum de l’entrainement cérébral .
On peut peut - être , mais c’est plus mystérieux , agir sur les fonctions au plus haut niveau de la conscience , contrôler les fonctions qui gouvernent la religion , l’art , et celles qui structurent la personnalité elle - même .
Mais avant d’aborder ces technologies complexes , examinons une approche plus simple : apprendre de nouvelles méthodes qui nous aident à penser mieux , à faire un bon usage de nos perceptions , de nos connaissances , à prendre de bonnes décisions .
Mieux comprendre comment on apprend à connaître
L’une des premières méthodes que nous pouvons chercher à adopter consiste à renforcer notre « épistémologie ».
L’épistémologie est la discipline philosophique qui cherche à comprendre l’acte de connaître .
A première vue , il s’agit donc d’un champ très abstrait réservé aux spécialistes universitaires .
Pourtant , dans notre monde gouverné par l’information , l’épistémologie devient une science de la navigation , une disciple qui nous concerne tous .
C’est la voie choisie notamment par Richards
Heuer , dont le livre Psychology of intelligence analysis a été placé gratuitement en ligne par son éditeur … la CIA , dans un souci de transparence si louable qu’on serait presque tenté de le trouver suspect .
L’essentiel du livre de Heuer consiste à enseigner aux analystes de l ’Agence les bases de la formulation et de la vérification d’hypothèses .
Ainsi , il applique au Renseignement la thèse de la « réfutabilité » de Karl Popper , le plus célèbre épistémologue du XXe siècle .
Selon lui , il est impossible de déterminer si une théorie scientifique est vraie : car elle pourra toujours être démentie plus tard .
En revanche , on peut toujours essayer de voir si elle est fausse .
Une théorie véritablement scientifique est donc réfutable .
Ce sage conseil est aujourd ’hui sorti du milieu de la philosophie des sciences pour envahir des domaines beaucoup plus prosaïques .
Dans son manuel , Richards
Heuer précise ainsi qu’il est préférable de chercher à rejeter des hypothèses plutôt que de chercher à les confirmer .
La meilleure hypothèse est en général celle qui a le moins d’éléments contre elle , et non pas pas celle qui possède le plus d’indices en sa faveur .
Idée reprise aussi par Nicholas Nassim Taleb dans son Cygne noir , qui suggère de l’appliquer au domaine financier .
Un autre exemple de nos limites cognitives est la trop grande stabilité de ce qu’il nomme les « structures mentales » ( mind - set ) .
Autrement dit , lorsque nous percevons un motif , une structure ( pattern ) , nous avons du mal à en changer par la suite .
Par exemple , ceux qui voient dans la continuité auront tendance à voir dans la série de dessins représentés ci-dessous un visage masculin , alors que la dernière image représente de toute évidence le corps d’une femme .
A l’opposé , ceux qui voient la série à l’envers auront tendance à continuer à y voir une femme , malgré les modifications qui l’approchent de plus en plus d’un visage masculin .
Image extraite de Psychology of Intelligence Analysis .
Ce qui est frappant lorsqu’on lit le livre de Heuer , c’est le peu de place consacré aux émotions .
Il est vrai que ce texte date un peu : 1999 .
Une décennie , c’est long dans le domaine de la recherche en cognition .
Les analystes de la CIA apparaissent comme des « acteurs froids » , dotés de biais cognitifs , certes , susceptibles d’être corrigés par la « bonne » méthode , mais pas de place pour « le cerveau du lézard » ou pour le « système 1 » que nous évoquions précédemment …
On peut bien sûr se demander si cette vision purement intellectuelle du fonctionnement mental est à l’origine de la multitude d’erreurs qui ont émaillé l’affaire des « armes de destruction massive » , un exemple quasi parfait du « biais de confirmation » qui consiste à choisir les éléments qui vont dans le sens de l’hypothèse présélectionnée , en ignorant tout ce qui pourrait la réfuter .
Mais peut - être la responsabilité de l’erreur ne repose - t - elle pas sur les analystes de la CIA , puisque dès 2002 , le patron de l ’Agence , George Tenet aurait prévenu George Bush de l’improbabilité de l’existence de ces armes .
Parler de nouvelles langues pour comprendre autrement
On peut envisager une autre méthode pour « penser mieux ».
Peut - être peut - on penser différemment en employant de nouveaux systèmes linguistiques ?
L’idée d’une possibilité d’influence du langage sur la pensée est le produit des travaux de deux linguistes de la première moitié du XXe siècle , Benjamin Lee Whorf , et dans une moindre mesure Edward Sapir .
Whorf affirmait que selon le langage qu’elles utilisaient , les différentes cultures pouvaient développer des perceptions et visions du monde qui leur étaient propres jusque dans des catégories aussi abstraites que l’espace ou le temps .
Depuis plusieurs décennies , l’hypothèse Sapir Whorf était tombée en désuétude …
De récentes recherches tendent à la réhabiliter , sans pour autant aller jusqu’à nier l’existence d’un fond commun à toute l’humanité , un relativisme cognitif auquel l’hypothèse Sapir - Whorf risquerait de conduire ( mais que ni Sapir ni Whorf n’ont jamais revendiqué ) .
Ainsi , on a découvert que les membres des sociétés traditionnelles dont le système numérique se limitait à , « un , deux , beaucoup » , avaient plus plus de mal à compter les objets lorsque ceux - ci dépassaient une certaine quantité .
Mais plus récemment encore , une série d’expériences étonnantes laissent à penser que Whorf et Sapir avaient finalement peut - être raison , mais de manière limitée .
La question qui était posée était : le langage influence - t- il la perception des couleurs ?
Par exemple , si on ne possède pas de mots pour distinguer plusieurs nuances de rouge ( tyrien , magenta , vif , etc. ) deviendrait - on incapable de percevoir celles - ci ?
Dans une première expérience , menée par Aubrey Gilbert à l’université de Berkeley , on a montré à des sujets des disques de couleurs aux nuances variées situées entre le bleu et le vert , en les plaçant soit à gauche du champ visuel ( dirigé par le cortex droit , traditionnellement non linguistique ) , soit à droite ( contrôlé par l’hémisphère gauche du cerveau , celui du langage ) .
Lorsque les cercles étaient vus à droite , les sujets faisaient très nettement des différences entre les cercles considérés comme « bleus » et ceux catégorisés comme « verts ».
Lorsqu’ils apparaissaient sur le côté gauche , il leur était plus difficile de tracer la frontière entre les deux nuances .
Selon les chercheurs , c’est parce qu’ils avaient plus difficilement accès aux catégories linguistiques leur permettant d’effectuer la distinction .
Une autre expérience ( .pdf ) opposait des Russes et des anglophones .
Les Russes possèdent plus de mots pour désigner les nuances de bleu .
On leur demanda de distinguer ces nuances sur des carrés colorés , tout en effectuant une tâche non verbale ( visualiser une image ) , et ils y réussirent mieux que les locuteurs anglais .
En revanche , ils furent bien plus lents à montrer leurs talents lorsqu’ils devaient simultanément effectuer une tâche verbale ( se répéter des séries de nombres ) .
Leur cerveau gauche étant occupé , ils avaient plus de mal à mobiliser ses ressources pour reconnaitre les couleurs .
Autrement dit ,
Whorf avait raison , mais pour une partie du cerveau seulement .
Et uniquement pour les adultes , apparemment , puisque le système de perception des couleurs semble différent chez les enfants de moins de six mois , comme l ’a montré une troisième expérience .
Ceux - ci semblent en effet utiliser plus volontiers leur cerveau droit ( non-linguistique ) pour reconnaitre les couleurs , au contraire des adultes , qui recourraient plus volontiers au côté gauche .
Si l’hypothèse Sapir - Whorf est vraie , même de manière limitée , est-il possible de changer nos perceptions en apprenant des langues , voire en créant de nouveaux dialectes ?
Rien n’est moins sûr , car il faudrait s’assurer que non seulement le langage influence grandement la pensée , mais que cette capacité n’est pas réservée exclusivement à notre langue maternelle .
Cependant , cela n’a pas empêché certain de tenter l’expérience .
En fait , comme on le verra , l ’idée est partiellement à l’origine de la naissance des actuelles interfaces informatiques .
Peut - on créer par exemple des langages entièrement logiques , qui nous éviteraient de commettre les erreurs épistémologiques qui empoisonnent nos décisions .
C’est ce qu’ont tenté les créateurs du lojban ( issue d’un projet plus ancien , le loglan ) .
Cette langue construite se conçoit explicitement comme un test de l’hypothèse Sapir - Whorf .
Mais une telle idée n’est pas neuve .
Umberto Eco , dans son livre
La recherche de la langue parfaite dans la culture européenne mentionne déjà le désir , à la fin de la Renaissance , de créer des « langues a priori » qui élimineraient les « fausses idées » implantées en nous par les langages naturels .
Il cite notamment le travail du savant écossais George Dalgarno , qui , dès 1661 , nous explique - t - il , « affirmait la nécessité d’une langue qui parvienne à réduire , les redondances , les anomalies , les équivoques et les ambiguïtés , et précise que cela ne pourra que favoriser la communication entre les peuples et guérir la philosophie de la maladie des sophismes et des logomachies ».
Eco oppose ce projet de « langue philosophique » avec l’autre vision de la langue parfaite , celle des alchimistes , qui imaginaient eux une « langue des oiseaux » basée essentiellement sur la métaphore , dont ils considéraient ( à tort ) les hiéroglyphes égyptiens comme l’exemple parfait .
De nouvelles interfaces pour parler et penser autrement
L’idée de changer de mode de pensée ou de langage pour acquérir une meilleure compréhension du monde est en fait à la racine de l’informatique personnelle .
Dans son texte séminal de 1962 , » Augmenter l’intellect humain « , Douglas Engelbart , l ’inventeur de la souris , s’inspirait de ces thèses pour proposer une hypothèse « néo-whorfienne » : l ’idée selon laquelle notre pensée n’est pas seulement liée au langage , mais aux systèmes que nous utilisons pour exprimer nos concepts .
En conséquence , changer notre appréhension des choses peut se faire par l’usage de nouvelles interfaces .
Des systèmes comme l’hypertexte , qui ont donné naissance au web , ou les systèmes bureau clavier - souris de l’informatique contemporaine pouvait donc servir , selon Engelbart , à augmenter nos capacités cognitives .
«
Si l’hypothèse néo- whorfienne pouvait ê tre prouvée » , explique - t - il , « et si nous pouvions voir comment nos méthodes de manipulation des symboles influencent à la fois notre langage et notre manière de penser , alors nous possèderions une aide précieuse à l’augmentation des capacités humaines ».
Pour des chercheurs comme Mitchel Resnick , du Lifelong Kindergarden ( le « jardin d’enfants pour la vie ») du MIT , les langages de programmation peuvent être conçus comme des moyens d’élargir nos capacités cognitives .
Ainsi , le langage inventé par Resnick , Starlogo , destiné à simuler les comportements des entités collectives , a moins pour but de recréer des situations réalistes que faire toucher du doigt à l’utilisateur un phénomène contre - intuitif pour lequel nos manières de penser ne nous ont pas préparées .
Il s’agit , comme le dit Resnick , « de stimulation , pas de simulation » .
Dans cette optique « néo-whorfienne » , la réalité virtuelle apparait comme l’interface , le langage , capable de changer le plus en profondeur nos habitudes mentales et qui , évitant les erreurs de la cognition classique , intègre avec le plus de facilité le corps et l’émotion .
Jaron Lanier ne pensait pas autrement lorsqu’il a inventé le concept , puisqu’il imaginait qu’une telle technologie permettrait une communication post - symbolique qui ferait de nous tous des poètes .
Une idée qui ressemble fort à cette « langue des images » des hermétistes de la Renaissance , mentionnés par Eco .
De son côté , Jean - Michel Cornu , s’inspirant en partie de l’art de la mémoire des mêmes penseurs prémodernes promeut l’usage d’une « pensée 2 » qui permettrait de cartographier et positionner dans un espace sémantique des idées qui s’opposeraient si elles étaient exposées dans une logique linéaire propre au langage traditionnel .
Il deviendrait ainsi possible d’utiliser l’espace virtuel pour obtenir une représentation « allocentrée » de la plupart des débats en cours , et autoriserait le dépassement des rapports de force difficilement évitables dans les débats politiques ou éthiques .
« Cette vision cartographique » , explique - t - il , « nous donne la possibilité , contrairement à la pensée linéaire du discours , d’appréhender pleinement la combinaison des différentes positions dans un groupe .
Elle permet en cela de sortir des oppositions pour inventer de nouvelles convergences »
De fait , si , comme on l’a vu , la réalité virtuelle a trop souvent tendance à augmenter nos biais plutôt qu’à les éliminer , elle a également montré , à plusieurs reprises , ses aspects positifs .
Du traitement des douleurs après amputation à celui des désordres post - traumatiques en passant par l’augmentation de la confiance en soi , les mondes virtuels nous offriront - ils une possible confirmation que notre pensée ne se résume pas au langage , mais est aussi influencée par les interfaces que nous utilisons pour l’exprimer ?
Rémi Sussan
Video : GOP leader tosses stimulus bill on House floor in disgust David Edwards and Jeremy Gantz
Published : Friday February 13 , 2009
Print This Email
This A simple " nay " vote was n't enough for Republican Congressman John Boehner this afternoon , as the $ 787 billion stimulus package headed toward passage :
While speaking before C - SPAN cameras , the House leader had to toss all 1,073 pages of the bill onto the august chamber 's floor in disgust .
Holding a massive white stack of paper in his hand , Boehner registered his disdain -- shared by every other Republican House member , all of whom voted against the bill -- by noting that no one has read it .
" Here I have 1,100 pages not one member of this body has read .
Not one .
There may be a staffer in the Appropriations Committee that read all of this last night .
Not one member 's read this , " Boehner said .
" What happened to the promise that we 're going to let the American people see what 's in this bill for 48 hours ? "
President Obama 's Democratic allies powered the bill to a 246- 183 victory , but not one of the president 's Republican critics broke ranks to support the measure , as attention shifted to a likely Senate vote late in the day .
Supporters and opponents of the package alike predicted full passage of the package -- a blend of tax cuts , aid to the least well off , and investment in infrastructure , education and energy -- by Obama 's February 16 target date .
Obama has called the legislation " only the beginning " of his efforts to rescue the crippled economy , but Boehner 's speech on the House 's floor today made it sound like the beginning ( or extension ) of a deeply partisan era .
" Our [ Republican ] ideas were n't considered , " Boehner said .
" We were n't allowed in the room .
We were n't allowed to participate at all .
And all the talk about bipartisanship that we have heard over the last several months went down the drain . "
With wire reports .
This video is from C - SPAN , broadcast Feb. 13 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
En français >>
Contact : Emily Staub , The Carter Center
Atlanta office , +1-404-420-5126
Emily.Staub@emory.edu
Watch archived video of live press conference held Dec. 5 , 2008 at The Carter Center in Atlanta . |
View press conference photos .
ATLANTA ... Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter announced today that cases of Guinea worm disease have reached an all - time low with fewer than 5,000 estimated cases remaining worldwide .
To help eliminate the remaining cases , the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and the United Kingdom Department for International Development ( DFID ) announced new commitments totaling US $ 55 million to support the historic Carter Center - led eradication campaign .
" Guinea worm is poised to be the second disease eradicated from Earth , ending needless suffering for millions of people from one of the world 's oldest and most horrific afflictions , " said former U.S. President Jimmy Carter , founder of The Carter Center .
" The reduction of Guinea worm cases by more than 99 percent proves that when people work together , great positive change is possible . "
The $ 40 million grant from the Gates Foundation is the largest challenge grant in Carter Center history .
It includes an outright contribution of $ 8 million and encourages other donor organizations and individuals to provide an additional $ 32 million , which the Gates Foundation will match one - to - one .
The successful completion of the challenge will raise $ 72 million to finish Guinea worm eradication .
Since 2000 , the Gates Foundation has been a valued partner in the Center 's Guinea Worm Eradication Program , inspiring an outpouring of contributions from the donor community during this landmark effort .
DFID generously pledged £ 10 million ( approximately US $ 15 million ) to support the Guinea worm eradication campaign , and its support will be matched by the Gates Foundation .
Both the Gates Foundation and DFID grants will be shared between the Center and the World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
" We have made substantial progress ; many countries that previously had Guinea worm are now free of the disease .
We must now push to eliminate it completely , " said Douglas Alexander , the United Kingdom 's international development secretary .
DFID 's £ 10 million pledge to the Center 's Guinea worm efforts underscores the United Kingdom 's commitment to promote sustainable development and eliminate world poverty .
DFID has helped support the Center 's efforts to wage peace and fight disease worldwide since 1997 .
Tackling the Final Cases
Poised to be only the second disease in human history to be eradicated , Guinea worm disease ( dracunculiasis ) will be the first to be wiped off the face of the Earth without a vaccine or medicine .
However , the last cases of an eradication campaign are the most difficult and expensive to eliminate .
Although infected cases become fewer and far between , surveillance of countries , including the smallest communities in the most remote areas , needs to be intensified to prevent outbreaks and setbacks .
In the case of Guinea worm disease , which has a one - year incubation period , there is a very high cost of maintaining a broad and sensitive monitoring system and providing a rapid response when necessary .
" At this stage of the campaign , we need to redouble case containment efforts and enforce strict surveillance activities to ensure Guinea worm disease eradication , " said Dr. Margaret Chan , director general of the WHO .
" The task is daunting and financially challenging , but achievable .
To do this in the shortest time possible , we need more than ever , the exemplary support and commitment of existing and future partners to rid the world of one of its oldest scourges . "
A water - borne disease , Guinea worm is transmitted only by drinking contaminated water .
The presence of Guinea worm disease in a geographic area indicates abject poverty , including the absence of safe drinking water .
Those affected by the disease are often unable to go to school , farm , or do other work , resulting in increased poverty .
The disease can be controlled through simple measures , such as filtering all drinking water and educating people who are infected to take precautions to prevent transmission .
The Process of Eradication
The Carter Center provides technical and financial assistance to the national eradication programs to help stop transmission .
The Center 's role comes to an end in each country approximately one year after the last indigenous case is detected .
At that point , the national ministry of health and the WHO work together to maintain a surveillance system for three years after the last known indigenous case .
The WHO helps countries establish surveillance in Guinea worm - free areas even before the infection is halted nationwide .
Since the Center 's work began in 1986 , six previously endemic countries have been certified by the WHO as free of Guinea worm disease , and eight additional countries that have stopped transmission are awaiting certification .
Remaining Cases by Country
Today , cases remain in only six African nations .
When the eradication campaign began in 1986 , there were an estimated 3.5 million cases in 20 nations in Africa and Asia .
Since then , worldwide cases have been reduced by 99.7 percent .
The commitments announced today follow a year of great progress :
There were only 9,585 cases of Guinea worm disease recorded in 2007 , reduced from 25,217 cases in 2006 .
In 2007 , both the Ghanaian and Sudanese programs , which together accounted for more than 95 percent of all cases in 2007 , achieved individual milestones , slashing cases by more than half compared to 2006 .
In the first 10 months of 2008 , only 4,410 cases of Guinea worm disease were reported in Sudan , Ghana , Mali , Ethiopia , Nigeria , and Niger .
Cases are expected to remain below 5,000 for the year .
Two countries — Nigeria and Niger — already may have reported their last case .
Today , southern Sudan , northern Ghana , and eastern Mali are the main foci of eradication efforts .
Cost - Effective Impact
" The drive to eradicate Guinea worm disease is one of the world 's most impressive global health success stories , " said Dr. Regina Rabinovich , director of infectious diseases development at the Gates Foundation .
" Using simple inexpensive tools , The Carter Center and its partners have spared millions of people from the suffering caused by this disease . "
Guinea worm eradication is considered one of the most cost - effective public health efforts due to its relatively simple intervention measures , such as health education , free cloth filter distribution , and BASF - donated ABATE ® larvicide applications .
To date , the Guinea worm eradication campaign has raised and invested an estimated $ 225 million in African communities .
Working together with thousands of community volunteers and the ministries of health in affected countries , the Guinea Worm Eradication Program has coordinated , engaged , and mobilized hundreds of partners .
The Carter Center - led Guinea worm eradication campaign includes core partners — the WHO , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , UNICEF , and national programs — as well as governments , foundations , nongovernmental organizations , corporations , and individuals .
For more information and a Guinea worm video presentation , visit www.cartercenter.org.
###
EDITOR'S NOTE
Downloadable Guinea worm b-roll packages available at www.thenewsmarket.com or contact Emily Staub for additional footage .
Up - to - date Guinea worm resources including , monthly case reporting , graphs , news articles , and human interest stories are available on the Center 's site at www.cartercenter.org
THE CARTER CENTER :
" Waging Peace .
Fighting Disease .
Building Hope . "
A not - for - profit , nongovernmental organization , The Carter Center has helped to improve life for people in more than 70 countries by resolving conflicts ; advancing democracy , human rights , and economic opportunity ; preventing diseases ; improving mental health care ; and teaching farmers in developing nations to increase crop production .
The Carter Center was founded in 1982 by former U.S. President Jimmy Carter and his wife , Rosalynn , in partnership with Emory University , to advance peace and health worldwide .
Please visit www.cartercenter.org to learn more about The Carter Center .
Les cas de dracunculose à leur niveau le plus faible :
Le Centre Carter , l'OMS , la Fondation Gates et le Gouvernement du Royaume Uni s'engagent à apporter 55 millions de $ pour atteindrele but final d'éradication
5 décembre 2008
Contact : Emily Staub , The Carter Center
Atlanta office , +1-404-420-5126
Emily.Staub@emory.edu
ATLANTA ... L'ancien Président américain Jimmy Carter a annoncé aujourd ' hui que les cas de dracunculose n'avaient jamais été à un niveau aussi faible puisqu'on compte moins de 5 000 cas dans le monde , d'après les estimations .
La Fondation Bill & Melinda Gates et le Département du Royaume Uni pour le Développement international ( DFID ) ont annoncé un nouvel engagement à hauteur de 55 millions de $ US pour soutenir la campagne d'éradication historique déployée par le Centre Carter .
" La dracunculose sera la seconde maladie éradiquée de cette planète , mettant un terme à toute cette souffrance endurée inutilement par des millions de personnes pour une des calamités les plus anciennes et les plus horribles de ce monde , » fait savoir l'ancien président des Etats - Unis , Jimmy Carter , fondateur du Centre Carter .
«
Ce recul de plus de 99 % dans le nombre de cas de dracunculose prouve à l'évidence que , si les gens unissent leurs forces , il est possible d'aller d'un grand pas de l'avant . »
Le don de 40 millions de $ de la Fondation Gates est le plus important reçu à ce jour par le Centre Carter .
Une contribution sans réserve de 8 millions de $ est faite en encourageant d'autres bailleurs de fonds et individus à apporter les 32 $ restants que la Fondation Gates contrebalancera à hauteur égale au cas par cas .
Défi qui sera relevé pour la somme de 72 millions de $ pour terminer l'éradication de la dracunculose .
Depuis 2000 , la Fondation
Gates est un partenaire très estimé du Programme d'éradication de la dracunculose du Centre , inspirant un véritable flot de contributions de la part de la communauté des donateurs tout du long de cet effort mémorable .
La DFID a promis généreusement 10 millions de £ ( environ 15 millions de $ US ) pour soutenir la campagne d'éradication de la dracunculose et la Fondation Gates répondra à même hauteur .
Les dons de la Fondation Gates et de la DFID seront partagés entre le Centre et l'Organisation mondiale de la Santé ( OMS ) .
" Nous avons fait des progrès notables .
Un grand nombre de pays affligés auparavant par la dracunculose se sont libérés à présent de la maladie .
Nous devons lancer le dernier assaut à présent pour l'éliminer entièrement , » indique Douglas Alexander , secrétaire au développement international du Royaume - Uni .
L'annonce de la contribution de 10 millions de £ de la part de la DFID en vue de soutenir les efforts du Centre témoigne bien du profond engagement pris par le Royaume - Uni pour encourager un développement durable et éliminer la pauvreté dans le monde .
La DFID soutient depuis 1997 le Centre dans sa quête de la paix et son combat contre les maladies dans le monde .
Donnons l'assaut aux derniers cas
En passe de devenir la seconde maladie dans l'histoire humaine à être éradiquée , la maladie du ver de Guinée ( dracunculose ) sera la première à être chassée de la face de la terre sans vaccin ou médicament .
Par ailleurs , les derniers cas d'une campagne d'éradication sont toujours les plus difficiles et les plus chers à éliminer .
Certes , les cas infectés diminuent de plus en plus et sont de plus en plus éloignés les uns des autres mais la surveillance dans les plus petites communautés des régions les plus reculées doit s'intensifier pour éviter toute recrudescence de cas et ne pas perdre de terrain .
En ce qui concerne la dracunculose , qui compte une période d'incubation d'une année , il revient très cher de maintenir un système de suivi élargi et sensible et d'apporter le cas échéant une réponse rapide .
" A ce stade de la campagne , nous devons redoubler d'efforts pour endiguer la maladie et assurer la plus stricte surveillance , » indique le Dr Margaret Chan , Directeur général de l'OMS .
" La tâche n'est pas des moindres et le défi financier est de taille mais nous pouvons l'assumer et relever le défi .
Pour y arriver dans les plus brefs délais possibles , nous avons besoin plus que jamais de l'engagement et du soutien exemplaires de nos partenaires , actuels et futurs , pour débarrasser la terre d'un de ces pires fléaux . »
Maladie transmise par l'eau , la dracunculose est contractée uniquement en buvant de l'eau contaminée .
La présence de la dracunculose dans une région géographique donnée est un signe de grande pauvreté et notamment d'absence d'eau de boisson salubre .
Ceux affligés par la maladie souvent ne peuvent pas aller à l'école ni s'occuper des champs ou tout autre travail , augmentant encore leur pauvreté .
La maladie peut être jugulée par de simples mesures : filtrer l'eau et éduquer les gens qui sont infectés pour qu'ils prennent des précautions afin de prévenir la transmission .
Le processus d'éradication
Le Centre Carter apporte une assistance technique et financière aux programmes nationaux d'éradication pour aider à mettre fin à la transmission .
Le rôle du Centre se termine dans chaque pays après qu'une année s'est écoulée depuis la détection du dernier cas autochtone .
A ce stade , le ministère national de la santé et l'OMS collaborent pour maintenir un système de surveillance pendant trois ans après le dernier cas autochtone connu .
L'OMS aide les pays à mettre en place un système de surveillance dans les régions exemptes de dracunculose même avant que l'infection soit stoppée à l'échelle nationale .
Depuis le début de la campagne du Centre en 1986 , six pays où la maladie était endémique ont été certifiés par l'OMS comme étant exempts de dracunculose et huit autres en plus ont mis fin à la transmission et attendent d'être certifiés .
Cas restants par pays
De nos jours , des cas subsistent uniquement dans six pays africains .
Lorsque la campagne d'éradication a démarré en 1986 , il existait 3,5 millions de cas , d'après les estimations , dans 20 nations de l'Afrique et de l'Asie .
Depuis , le nombre de cas dans le monde a diminué de l'ordre de 99,7 % .
Les annonces de contributions faites aujourd ' hui achèvent une année de progrès impressionnants : seuls 9 585 cas de dracunculose étaient notés en 2007 , par rapport aux 25 217 cas en 2006 .
En 2007 , les programmes du Ghana et du Soudan , représentant ensemble plus de 95 % de tous les cas en 2007 , arrivaient à un point tournant marquant une réduction de plus de la moitié des cas par rapport à 2006 .
Pendant les 10 premiers mois de 2008 , seuls 4 410 cas de dracunculose ont été notifiés par le Soudan , le Mali , l'Ethiopie , le Nigeria et le Niger .
Le nombre de cas restera probablement en dessous de la barre des 5000 cas pour l'année .
Deux pays , le Nigeria et le Niger ont probablement déjà signalé leur dernier cas .
Actuellement , le Soudan du Sud , le Nord du Ghana et l'Est du Mali sont le centre des efforts d'éradication .
Impact efficace par rapport aux coûts
" L'effort d'éradication de la dracunculose est l'une des plus grandes réussites du monde , " fait savoir le Dr Regina Rabinovich , directrice du développement des maladies infectieuses à la Fondation Gates .
" Utilisant de simples outils peu chers , le Centre Carter et ses partenaires ont épargné à des millions de personnes les souffrances causées par cette maladie . "
L'éradication de la dracunculose est jugée l'une des interventions de santé publique les plus efficaces par rapport aux coûts suite à ses mesures relativement simples : éducation en santé , distribution gratuite de filtres en tissu et applications du larvicide ABATE ® donné par BASF .
A ce jour , la campagne d'éradication de la dracunculose a réuni et investi 225 millions de $ dans des communautés africaines .
De pair avec des milliers de volontaires communautaires et ministères de la santé dans les pays touchés , le Programme d'éradication de la dracunculose a coordonné , engagé et mobilisé des centaines de partenaires .
La campagne d'éradication de la dracunculose , sous l'égide du Centre Carter , compte parmi ses partenaires – l'OMS , les Centers for Disease Control and Prevention des Etats - Unis , l'UNICEF et les programmes nationaux – ainsi que les gouvernements , les fondations , les organisations non gouvernementales , les sociétés et les individus .
Pour de plus amples informations et un présentation vidéo de la dracunculose , prière de se rendre à www.cartercenter.org.
###
NOTE DE LA REDACTION
Des métrages à télécharger sur la dracunculose sont disponibles à www.thenewsmarket.com ou contacter Emily Staub pour un métrage supplémentaire .
Des ressources à jour sur la dracunculose notamment , notification de cas mensuels , graphiques , nouvelles , et histoires d'intérêt humain sont disponibles sur le site du Centre à www.cartercenter.org
Le CENTRE CARTER :
" En quête de la paix , dans le combat contre les maladies , et dans la recherche de l'espoir . "
Organisation non gouvernementale à but non lucratif , le Centre Carter a aidé à améliorer la vie de personnes dans plus de 70 pays en résolvant les conflits , en avançant la démocratie , les droits humains et les possibilités économiques , en prévenant les maladies , en améliorant les soins de santé mentale et en apprenant aux agriculteurs des pays en développement à augmenter la production agricole .
Le Centre Carter a été fondé en 1982 par l'ancien Président américain Jimmy Carter et sa femme , Rosalynn , en partenariat avec Emory University , pour faire progresser la paix et la santé dans le monde .
Prière de se rendre à www.cartercenter.org pour en apprendre davantage sur le Centre Carter .
Carter Center Photo : E. Staub
Learn more about the Carter Center 's Guinea Worm Eradication Program >
Guinea Worm Photos and Video
A spokesman for Richland County Sheriff Leon Lott , who is known for his tough stance on drugs , said Tuesday the department was investigating .
" Our narcotics division is reviewing the information that we have , and they 're investigating what charges , if any , will be filed , " said Lt. Chris Cowan , a spokesman for the agency .
The photo first shown in British tabloid News of the World on Sunday was snapped during a November party while Phelps was visiting the university , according to the paper .
Phelps , 23 , and his team have not disputed the photo 's accuracy .
Phelps has issued a public apology , acknowledging " regrettable " behavior and " bad judgment " after the photo appeared .
One of Phelps ' agents , Drew Johnson , said Tuesday authorities had not contacted the swimmer .
" So we really can't speculate , " he said .
Last fall , Phelps was introduced to large applause at South Carolina 's football game with Arkansas .
He met with players and visited with Gamecocks coach Steve Spurrier , who gave Phelps one of the ball coach 's trademark visors .
Phelps also spoke at a university class on sports ' role in society .
Where exactly the party occurred is n't clear .
The university said its police have no evidence it was on campus , and city police said they wo n't pursue criminal charges unless more information comes forward .
The Richland County sheriff can pursue charges as long as the party was in the county , the spokesman said .
" The bottom line is , if he broke the law , and he did it in Richland County , he 's going to be charged , " Cowan said .
" And there 's no difference between Michael Phelps and several other people that we arrest for the same type of a charge everyday . "
Under South Carolina law , possession of one ounce or less of marijuana is a misdemeanor that carries a fine up to $ 200 and 30 days in jail for the first offense .
Possession of paraphernalia is a $ 500 fine .
The Richland County sheriff has long sought to fight drug crimes .
He rose from patrol officer to captain of the narcotics division in the early 1990s , after the television series " Miami Vice " made its splash .
Lott played the part well .
He wore stylish suits and had long hair then .
He drove a Porsche seized from a drug dealer and even worked undercover with federal agents in Florida .
Meanwhile , another of Phelps ' big - name sponsors -- credit - payment processor Visa Inc. -- said Tuesday that it will continue to support him .
" We have spoken with Michael , and he has expressed regret for the situation , has committed to being accountable and improving his judgment in the future , " the company said .
" We intend to support him as he looks to move forward . "
On Monday , sponsors including apparel company Speedo , luxury Swiss watchmaker Omega and sports beverage PureSport 's maker Human Performance Labs also said they stand behind the athlete , even if they do n't condone his behavior .
Some of Phelps ' sponsors still were n't commenting Tuesday .
A spokeswoman at Battle Creek , Mich . - based Kellogg Co. said the cereal maker declined to comment .
The company put Phelps on boxes of its Frosted Flakes and Corn Flakes .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
The Bank of England will start buying up corporate bonds within weeks to unblock capital markets and free banks ' balance sheets so that they can lend to support the economy , Mervyn King , the Bank 's Governor , said last night .
In his first speech of the year , Mr King outlined radical plans for the Bank to buy up an initial £ 50bn of illiquid assets in the market to increase the flow of credit , with the option of ex-tending the scheme to boost the money supply by effectively creating new money .
The asset purchases will come on top of a raft of other measures designed to get banks lending to limit the impact of the recession .
Mr King told a CBI dinner in Nottingham that the Bank was ready to use " unconventional measures " to boost an economy facing a marked contraction in the first half of this year after a sharp slowdown at the end of 2008 .
The bank 's intervention in shattered credit markets could make key securities more liquid , reduce the cost of borrowing for companies and ease the strain on banks ' balance sheets , he said .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Despite interest rates at an all - time low of 1.5 per cent after a series of big rate cuts , the Governor said the Bank 's Monetary Policy Committee was in danger of undershooting its 2 per cent target for inflation .
But he said the MPC was not yet ready to buy up assets without issuing Government debt , a so - called quantitative easing move that would amount to printing money .
But the Bank 's new Asset Purchase Facility will start buying up assets in the market " in a matter of weeks , not days " , Mr King promised .
The Government is wary of taking on extra risk by buying corporate credit outright , and Mr King stressed that the Bank would only buy assets that played a key role in the financial system and for which there would be strong dem-and in normal conditions .
" There is a fine dividing line between helping to oil the wheels in markets that are temporarily impaired and artificially supporting markets in which there is no underlying demand , " the Governor said .
" Such asset purchases involve taking more credit risk on to the public sector balance sheet .
That is why the Bank will consider purchasing only high - quality assets . "
He highlighted as potential purchases high - quality corporate bonds , whose risk spreads had been driven to their highest since the mid-1970s because of illiquid markets .
Bank buy - ups of commercial paper could also ease that market , though it is less important in the UK than in the US , he added .
The Governor said Britain 's heavily indebted economy faced a dilemma because short - term spending was needed to ease the impact of the slowdown , though in the long run the country needed to reduce borrowing and save more .
But he said it was possible for banks to increase lending to the " real economy " while at the same time bringing down the volume of loans on their balance sheets .
Mr King also insisted the Government 's latest banking bailout did not leave taxpayers dangerously exposed to banks ' losses , and that the measures would restore order to the financial system .
He defended the plan after another day of market turmoil .
Banking shares fell heavily and sterling slumped on fears that the measures to guarantee banks ' toxic assets would not be enough to prevent a deep recession .
" To be clear , the scheme does not mean that the taxpayer will bear the full brunt of past lending mistakes by banks , " Mr King said .
" Rather , there is a sharing of losses between shareholders and the Government – or coinsurance – with the Government providing , at a price , insurance against only extreme outcomes for the banks . "
Mr King said : " No one can know at what point the impact of all this stimulus will have a visible effect on activity ; the lags in economic policy are notoriously long and unpredictable .
But well - designed policies implemented within a consistent policy framework will eventually work . "
Poll : Respect for Bank plunges
The British public 's respect for the Bank of England has plunged in the past month .
An opinion poll run by the research group YouGov on behalf of PoliticsHome.com found that the central bank 's rating among voters had sunk 15 points since December .
A statement from PoliticsHome said : " This rapid deterioration may be seen as an indication that the public are frustrated that none of the action taken by the Bank so far has appeared to have any positive effect . "
The website launched its Phi5000 opinion tracker last April , canvassing 5,000 voters .
The opinion of the Bank of England was at zero until the start of the year , the survey found .
As the economic crisis has deepened and the bank has failed to stimulate a recovery with its monetary policy , the balance currently sits at - 15 .
What $ 46,000 in Beer Cans Looks Like
A single guy lived in this townhouse for 8 years in Ogden , Utah .
The landlord thought he was the best tenant ever because he never called or complained and was never late on a payment !
Century 21 Realty had already moved some of the cans out , and they had caved in the tunnels that the renter had made to get to the bedroom , bathroom and kitchen .
All this , yet you still do not see any dust , scattered clothing , or dirty dishes anywhere ?
Other than having a minor drinking problem , he was basically a very clean , organized person .
Add to this , the fact that he was concerned about his health , proven by the fact that he drank ‘ Light ’ beer .
Beer cans by the tens of thousands – mountains of cans burying the furniture .
The water and heat were shut off , apparently on purpose by the tenant , who evidently drank Coors Light beer exclusively for the eight years he lived there .
There was an estimated 70,000 beer cans in the townhouse .
To accumulate that amount of cans , the resident must have consumed an average of 24 beers a day for the 8 years of his tenancy !
( $ 16 x 365 days x 8 years = $ 46,720 )
Aluminum scrap value estimated around $ 2,000 .
By Robert Borosage - February 26 , 2009
The man can give a speech .
Confident , relaxed , bold , serious , President Obama made his case to the American people with boffo reviews from all who saw it no matter what their party allegiance .
And his case was a clear and bold statement of the need for progressive government as the vital instrument to move us out of this crisis and into the future .
The recovery plan to put people back to work .
Banking reform and " new rules of the road " to get banks working once more .
The mortgage initiative to help homeowners stay in their homes .
But more , the need for sustained public investment and leadership to move us into the future with new energy , reform of our broken health care system , and provision of a world class education from birth to a career for every child .
He vowed , sensibly , to bring the deficit down - once recovery begins - to half of its current levels by the end of his term .
A return to growth will do most of that .
And every other choice was a progressive one : savings from Cold War weapons and no bid military contracts , from billions provided insurance companies to compete with Medicare , from agribusiness ( and unspecified education programs that do n't work ) .
And then progressive taxes - reversing the Bush tax cuts for those making over $ 250,000 , ending tax breaks for companies taking jobs abroad ( and unmentioned in the speech , sustaining the estate tax and raising the capital gains tax ) .
He also called for moving on cap and trade on carbon emissions - and his budget will project revenue from this effort , so he wo n't just let companies pocket the proceeds .
The signature riff , to my mind , was his evocation of US history as proof that progressive and active government is American as apple pie :
I reject the view that says our problems will simply take care of themselves ; that says government has no role in laying the foundation for our common prosperity .
For history tells a different story .
History reminds us that at every moment of economic upheaval and transformation , this nation has responded with bold action and big ideas .
In the midst of civil war , we laid railroad tracks from one coast to another that spurred commerce and industry .
From the turmoil of the Industrial Revolution came a system of public high schools that prepared our citizens for a new age .
In the wake of war and depression , the GI Bill sent a generation to college and created the largest middle - class in history .
And a twilight struggle for freedom led to a nation of highways , an American on the moon , and an explosion of technology that still shapes our world .
In each case , government did n't supplant private enterprise ; it catalyzed private enterprise .
It created the conditions for thousands of entrepreneurs and new businesses to adapt and to thrive .
We are a nation that has seen promise amid peril , and claimed opportunity from ordeal .
Now we must be that nation again .
Providing the Republican contrast , Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal argued simply that government can't work .
Do n't do investment , do tax cuts .
Republicans are for universal health care , good education and new energy -- they just do n't think government should do much to get there .
" It comes down , " as Jindal said , " to an honest and fundamental disagreement about the proper role of government . "
Republicans scorn common purpose and the need for government to set rules for markets .
That may be a hard sell in an economic collapse triggered by speculative excesses of a deregulated financial system .
The president has huge challenges ahead .
He 'll have to come back for a bigger stimulus .
He 'll eventually have to take over the zombie banks and reorganize them .
Fixing health care and energy will be truly heavy lifting .
Empowering workers and other vital structural reforms have to be fought out .
But the president demonstrated clearly once more that he is a leader who can educate and inspire Americans .
And he uses that mastery to make the case for a progressive and active government investing in our future .
No longer will the president scorn the government that he leads .
Subscribe my Newsletter for new blog posts , tips & new photos .
Let 's stay updated !
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Stocks slumped Tuesday , with the Dow industrials ending at a 3 - month low , as the government 's bank rescue plan failed to reassure investors burned by the 14 - month old recession .
Treasury prices rallied , lowering the corresponding yields , and the dollar slipped versus other major currencies .
The Dow Jones industrial average ( INDU ) lost 382 points , or 4.6 % , closing at its lowest point since Nov. 20 , the date considered by many experts to have been the low of the bear market .
The Dow had lost as much as 422 points in the afternoon .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 ( SPX ) index lost 43 points , or 4.9 % .
The Nasdaq composite ( COMP ) lost 66 points , or 4.2 % .
The TARP announcement " was a huge disappointment , " said Stephen Stanley , chief economist at RBS Greenwich Capital .
" There 's been an incredible buildup for weeks and then they release a plan that has little in the way of details . "
Stocks slipped leading into Geithner 's late - morning speech and accelerated after he finished outlining the plan .
He 's providing more details this afternoon in a congressional hearing .
" It just does n't seem that groundbreaking and that may have disappointed people , " said Brian Battle , vice president at Performance Trust Capital Partners .
After much debate , the Senate passed its $ 838 billion economic stimulus bill Tuesday afternoon by 61 to 37 .
Now leaders will need to negotiate a final bill with the House , which already approved an $ 819 billion version of the plan two weeks ago .
( For details , click here . )
Enthusiasm about the economic stimulus has waned in the weeks since it was first proposed .
Investors also considered Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke 's prepared testimony before a House committee .
Bernanke said the central bank 's efforts to increase liquidity are " no panacea " to the credit crunch .
Yet he also said that the Fed 's actions are easing the strain .
Overall , in terms of the psyche of the markets , investors are not back to the despair of last fall , but do remain fragile , Stanley said .
" I think there was some hope , maybe unreasonably so , that the administration was going to come out with a plan that would n't solve all our problems , but would at least help , " he said .
" That may very well still happen , but we did n't see it today . "
Bank bailout : Geithner discussed some of the causes of the current financial meltdown and outlined some of the basics of the new plan , which revamps the Treasury 's Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) .
However , he did not put a price tag on the new plan , which is expected to exceed the remaining half of the original $ 700 billion TARP .
He also said the Treasury will not ask Congress for more money right now .
( Full story )
The Treasury will " stress test " the big banks to get a sense of whether they can handle a further economic slowdown , and will provide additional funds as needed .
Banks receiving money will have to provide details about their intended uses for the money .
The plan will also make more credit available to consumers and businesses by expanding an existing Federal Reserve program .
The plan also addresses the housing crisis by making money available to reduce mortgage payments and create loan - modification guidelines .
The Treasury also said it will create a combined public and private investment fund that would take the bad assets off bank balance sheets .
The public - private partnership may have particularly unsettled markets , Battle said , as such plans have not worked well in the past .
Additionally , the plan does not resolve the issue of how to value the so - called " toxic " assets so that the price is both advantageous to banks and a good price for buyers .
On the upside , Battle said , " You have to give them credit for assigning the blame to everyone . "
In the speech , Geithner said banks , regulators , borrowers and various countries were all responsible for the current mess .
Company news : General Motors ( GM , Fortune 500 ) said Tuesday it 's cutting 10,000 workers , or 14 % of its salaried jobs , around the world .
One - third of those jobs will be in the U.S.
The automaker also said it will cut the pay for its remaining salaried workers .
Shares fell 4.6 % .
Wal - Mart Stores ( WMT , Fortune 500 ) said it is cutting as many as 800 jobs at its headquarters as a means of cutting costs .
UBS ( UBS ) reported a $ 7 billion quarterly loss in the last three months of 2008 , worse than expected , and also said it was cutting 2,000 jobs .
Shares gained 1.5 % .
Among other movers , banks were hit hard , with the KBW Bank ( BKX ) index falling 14 % .
( For details , click here . )
Dow component Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) lost 19 % , Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) lost 15 % , American Express ( AXP , Fortune 500 ) fell 10 % and JP Morgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) lost almost 10 % .
Wells Fargo ( WFC , Fortune 500 ) lost 14 % and Morgan Stanley ( MS , Fortune 500 ) lost 12 % .
Small banks were hit too : Regions Financial ( RF , Fortune 500 ) fell 30 % .
Fifth Third ( FITB , Fortune 500 ) fell 24 % .
Large technology firms also fell .
Intel ( INTC , Fortune 500 ) lost 5.6 % , Cisco Systems ( CSCO , Fortune 500 ) lost 4.8 % , Applied Materials ( AMAT , Fortune 500 ) lost 4.4 % and Dell ( DELL , Fortune 500 ) lost 5 % .
However , declines were broad based , with retail , housing , commodity and transportation stocks all sliding .
Market breadth was negative .
On the New York Stock Exchange , losers beat winners by over five to one on volume of 1.76 billion shares .
On the Nasdaq , decliners topped advancers by over four to one on volume of 2.49 billion shares .
Bonds : Treasury prices surged , lowering the yield on the benchmark 10 - year note to 2.81 % from 2.99 % Monday .
Treasury prices and yields move in opposite directions .
Lending rates were modestly lower .
The 3 - month Libor rate slipped slightly to 1.22 % from 1.23 % Monday , according to Bloomberg.com .
The overnight Libor rate slipped to 0.30 % from 0.31 % Monday .
Libor is a bank lending rate .
Other markets :
In global trading , Asian markets ended mixed and European markets were mixed in the afternoon .
The dollar fell against the euro and yen .
U.S. light crude oil for March delivery dropped $ 2.01 to settle at $ 37.55 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange .
COMEX gold for April delivery rose $ 21.40 to settle at $ 914.20 an ounce .
Gasoline prices rose four - tenths of a cent to a national average of $ 1.928 a gallon , according to a survey of credit - card swipes released Tuesday by motorist group AAA .
Introduction ============
The first public release of bash - 4.0 is now available with the URLs
ftp://ftp.cwru.edu/pub/bash/bash-4.0.tar.gz
ftp://ftp.gnu.org/pub/gnu/bash/bash-4.0.tar.gz and from the usual GNU mirror sites .
Unlike previous bash distributions , this tar file includes the formatted documentation ( postscript , dvi , html , and nroffed versions of the manual pages ) .
Diffs from bash - 3.2 are not available .
Please use `bashbug ' to report bugs with this version .
It is built and installed at the same time as bash .
Installation ============
Please read the README file first .
Installation instructions are provided in the INSTALL file .
New Features ============
This is the fourth major release of bash .
This release fixes the remaining serious bugs in the bash version 3 branch and introduces significant new features .
The most notable new features are associative arrays , improvements to the programmable completion functionality , case - modifying word expansions , co-processes , support for the `**' special glob pattern , and additions to the shell syntax and redirections .
The shell has been changed to be more rigorous about parsing commands inside command substitutions , fixing one piece of Posix non-compliance .
Read the file NEWS in the bash - 4.0 distribution for a complete description of the new features .
A copy is included below .
Changes have been made to the Readline library being released at the same time as bash - 4.0 , readline - 6.0 so that Bash can be linked against an already - installed Readline library rather than the private version in lib / readline .
Only readline - 6.0 and later versions are able to provide all of the symbols that bash - 4.0 requires ; earlier versions of the Readline library will not work correctly .
A complete list of changes between bash - 3.2 and bash - 4.0 is available in the file CHANGES ; the complete list is too large to include in this message .
Readline ========
Also available is a new release of the standalone Readline library , version 6.0 , with its own configuration scripts and Makefiles .
It can be retrieved with the URLs ftp://ftp.cwru.edu/pub/bash/readline-6.0.tar.gz
ftp://ftp.gnu.org/pub/gnu/readline/readline-6.0.tar.gz and from the usual GNU mirror sites .
Diffs from readline - 5.2 are not available .
The formatted Readline documentation is included in the readline distribution tar file .
A separate announcement listing the changes in Readline is being distributed .
As always , thanks for your help .
Chet +==========
NEWS ==========+
This is a terse description of the new features added to bash - 4.0 since the release of bash - 3.2 .
As always , the manual page ( doc/bash .1 ) is the place to look for complete descriptions .
1 . New Features in Bash a .
When using substring expansion on the positional parameters , a starting index of 0 now causes $ 0 to be prefixed to the list .
b.
The `help ' builtin now prints its columns with entries sorted vertically rather than horizontally .
c.
There is a new variable , $ BASHPID , which always returns the process id of the current shell .
d.
There is a new `autocd ' option that , when enabled , causes bash to attempt to `cd ' to a directory name that is supplied as the first word of a simple command .
e.
There is a new `checkjobs ' option that causes the shell to check for and report any running or stopped jobs at exit .
f.
The programmable completion code exports a new COMP_TYPE variable , set to a character describing the type of completion being attempted .
g .
The programmable completion code exports a new COMP_KEY variable , set to the character that caused the completion to be invoked ( e.g. , TAB ) .
h .
If creation of a child process fails due to insufficient resources , bash will try again several times before reporting failure .
i.
The programmable completion code now uses the same set of characters as readline when breaking the command line into a list of words .
j.
The block multiplier for the ulimit -c and -f options is now 512 when in Posix mode , as Posix specifies .
k. Changed the behavior of the read builtin to save any partial input received in the specified variable when the read builtin times out .
This also results in variables specified as arguments to read to be set to the empty string when there is no input available .
When the read builtin times out , it returns an exit status greater than 128 .
l .
The shell now has the notion of a `compatibility level ' , controlled by new variables settable by `shopt ' .
Setting this variable currently restores the bash - 3.1 behavior when processing quoted strings on the rhs of the `= ~ ' operator to the ` [ [ ' command .
m.
The `ulimit ' builtin now has new - b ( socket buffer size ) and - T ( number of threads ) options .
n. The - p option to `declare ' now displays all variable values and attributes ( or function values and attributes if used with - f ) .
o.
There is a new `compopt ' builtin that allows completion functions to modify completion options for existing completions or the completion currently being executed .
p.
The `read ' builtin has a new - i option which inserts text into the reply buffer when using readline .
q. A new `- E ' option to the complete builtin allows control of the default behavior for completion on an empty line .
r.
There is now limited support for completing command name words containing globbing characters .
s. Changed format of internal help documentation for all builtins to roughly follow man page format .
t. The `help ' builtin now has a new -d option , to display a short description , and a - m option , to print help information in a man page - like format .
u .
There is a new `mapfile ' builtin to populate an array with lines from a given file .
The name `readarray ' is a synonym .
v.
If a command is not found , the shell attempts to execute a shell function named `command_not_found_handle ' , supplying the command words as the function arguments .
w .
There is a new shell option : `globstar ' .
When enabled , the globbing code treats `**' specially -- it matches all directories ( and files within them , when appropriate ) recursively .
x .
There is a new shell option : `dirspell ' .
When enabled , the filename completion code performs spelling correction on directory names during completion .
y. The ` -t ' option to the `read ' builtin now supports fractional timeout values .
z .
Brace expansion now allows zero - padding of expanded numeric values and will add the proper number of zeroes to make sure all values contain the same number of digits .
aa .
There is a new bash - specific bindable readline function : ` dabbrev- expand ' .
It uses menu completion on a set of words taken from the history list .
bb .
The command assigned to a key sequence with `bind - x ' now sets two new variables in the environment of the executed command : READLINE_LINE_BUFFER and READLINE_POINT .
The command can change the current readline line and cursor position by modifying READLINE_LINE_BUFFER and READLINE_POINT , respectively .
cc.
There is a new &>> redirection operator , which appends the standard output and standard error to the named file .
dd .
The parser now understands ` |& ' as a synonym for ` 2 > &1 |' , which redirects the standard error for a command through a pipe .
ee .
The new `;&' case statement action list terminator causes execution to continue with the action associated with the next pattern in the statement rather than terminating the command .
ff .
The new ` ; ;&' case statement action list terminator causes the shell to test the next set of patterns after completing execution of the current action , rather than terminating the command .
gg .
The shell understands a new variable : PROMPT_DIRTRIM .
When set to an integer value greater than zero , prompt expansion of \w and \ W will retain only that number of trailing pathname components and replace the intervening characters with `...'. hh .
There are new case - modifying word expansions : uppercase ( ^ [ ^ ] ) and lowercase ( , [ , ] ) .
They can work on either the first character or array element , or globally .
They accept an optional shell pattern that determines which characters to modify .
There is an optionally - configured feature to include capitalization operators .
ii .
The shell provides associative array variables , with the appropriate support to create , delete , assign values to , and expand them .
jj .
The `declare ' builtin now has new -l ( convert value to lowercase upon assignment ) and -u ( convert value to uppercase upon assignment ) options .
There is an optionally - configurable -c option to capitalize a value at assignment .
kk .
There is a new `coproc ' reserved word that specifies a coprocess : an asynchronous command run with two pipes connected to the creating shell .
Coprocs can be named .
The input and output file descriptors and the PID of the coprocess are available to the calling shell in variables with coproc - specific names .
ll. A value of 0 for the -t option to `read ' now returns success if there is input available to be read from the specified file descriptor .
mm. CDPATH and GLOBIGNORE are ignored when the shell is running in privileged mode .
nn . New bindable readline functions shell - forward - word and shell - backward - word , which move forward and backward words delimited by shell metacharacters and honor shell quoting .
oo .
New bindable readline functions shell - backward - kill - word and shell - kill - word which kill words backward and forward , but use the same word boundaries as shell - forward - word and shell - backward - word .
2 . New Features in Readline a .
A new variable , rl_sort_completion_matches ; allows applications to inhibit match list sorting ( but beware : some things do n't work right if applications do this ) .
b.
A new variable , rl_completion_invoking_key ; allows applications to discover the key that invoked rl_complete or rl_menu_complete .
c .
The functions rl_block_sigint and rl_release_sigint are now public and available to calling applications who want to protect critical sections ( like redisplay ) .
d.
The functions rl_save_state and rl_restore_state are now public and available to calling applications ; documented rest of readline 's state flag values .
e. A new user - settable variable , `history - size ' , allows setting the maximum number of entries in the history list .
f.
There is a new implementation of menu completion , with several improvements over the old ; the most notable improvement is a better `completions browsing ' mode .
g.
The menu completion code now uses the rl_menu_completion_entry_function variable , allowing applications to provide their own menu completion generators .
h .
There is support for replacing a prefix of a pathname with a ` ...' when displaying possible completions .
This is controllable by setting the `completion - prefix - display - length ' variable .
Matches with a common prefix longer than this value have the common prefix replaced with `...'. i.
There is a new `revert - all - at - newline ' variable .
If enabled , readline will undo all outstanding changes to all history lines when `accept - line ' is executed .
j.
If the kernel supports it , readline displays special characters corresponding to a keyboard - generated signal when the signal is received .
--
`` The lyf so short , the craft so long to lerne . ''
- Chaucer Chet Ramey , ITS , CWRU c...@case.edu
http://tiswww.tis.case.edu/~chet/
--
Unsubscribe info : http://cygwin.com/ml/#unsubscribe-simple
Problem reports : http://cygwin.com/problems.html
Documentation : http://cygwin.com/docs.html
FAQ : http://cygwin.com/faq/
Hundreds of times in the last 210 years , the United States has deployed its military forces in conflicts abroad , although the U.S. has only formally declared war on eleven occasions .
A newly updated tabulation of those military deployments ( pdf ) — which do not include covert actions , disaster relief , or military training exercises — has recently been prepared by the Congressional Research Service .
A copy of the updated report was obtained by Secrecy News .
See “ Instances of Use of United States Armed Forces Abroad , 1798 - 2008 , ” February 2 , 2009 .
Contrary to popular belief , relational databases are not going anywhere .
The relational database is not doomed , but I recommend you read the linked article from ReadWriteWeb .
I admit that the headline for that article , and this one as well , are quite an exaggeration .
However , the article does present a very good analysis of the new cloud data storage services and how they compare to relational databases .
As is usual , I do not agree with some of the post , so I wanted to present a counter - argument to some of the points raised .
The first point I have a problem with is the initial premise :
Recently , a lot of new non-relational databases have cropped up both inside and outside the cloud .
One key message this sends is , “ if you want vast , on - demand scalability , you need a non-relational database ” .
At first , I thought this was just a way to hook the reader , but the sentiment is reiterated later :
As more and more applications are launched in environments that have massive workloads , such as web services , their scalability requirements can , first of all , change very quickly and , secondly , grow very large .
The first scenario can be difficult to manage if you have a relational database sitting on a single in - house server .
For example , if your load triples overnight , how quickly can you upgrade your hardware ?
I do not know the background of the author , but his profile states that his career has centered around data management .
So I am assuming that he is very familiar with typical relational database offerings .
If he is , then I am disappointed that he feels that relational databases can not scale in some manner .
The concept of needing to scale overnight is something that very few services will ever have to deal with .
Even if your traffic does triple , in order for a relational database to fail in that scenario , it would have had to been heavily trafficked already .
Then I would argue that you should have been planning to scale the database anyway .
I know that many of the largest e-commerce sites are happily running Oracle with replication and clustering services .
Those e-commerce sites typically do not have any more problems than a large web application , and arguably have more traffic during peak times like Black Friday and Cyber Monday .
I do not want to make this a treatise on data management , so I am going to cut to the point .
Relational databases and these newer key / value data stores each have a purpose .
For a small startup that does not want to pay an experienced DBA , a cloud - based key / value store can be a very attractive and useful option .
For control freaks and data wonks like me , a relational database is likely the only place you will feel comfortable .
I know from experience that relational databases perform very well under heavy load as well as being capable of storing petabytes of information .
Yes , I said petabytes , not gig or terabytes , petabytes .
I am sure that Google is storing that much in their data stores , but I am not sure how many other applications are .
So , why is there a concern of scalability with relational databases ?
It is a matter of experience .
I work as a software engineer and even had some time as a DBA .
I have seen all sorts of terrible queries written to retrieve data from a database .
Many software developers do not really understand the fundamentals of databases anymore .
There has been a trend for several years were people are specializing more in their technology of choice , java , php , or whatever .
This is troubling to me because almost every application built has some data storage requirements .
Even when many web applications are using the key / value stores , you can still write a “ bad query ” or even have a poorly written application .
I guess what I am trying to say is that there is no replacement for knowledge and experience .
Are relational databases going away ?
No and not any time soon .
If you look at any enterprise applications they are likely storing data in a relational database .
The key / value data stores are still very immature and have a lot of work to do before they can overtake relational databases outside of the web .
So , go pick up a book on SQL and read some of the information on the key / value stores .
Make your own choice for your application , but make sure you know how to use it .
By Louise Birt
Victoria Derbyshire programme , BBC Radio 5 Live
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A couple from Leeds have been told they cannot adopt because one of them is too fat .
Damien and Charlotte Hall cannot have children of their own , so they approached Leeds City Council about adopting a child .
They were told Mr Hall 's weight , at 24.5 stone ( 156kg ) , made him morbidly obese with a body mass index , or BMI , of more than 42 .
In a letter , the council told them his BMI must be below 40 before they could be considered as potential parents , because there was a risk he could become ill or even die .
Charlotte , 31 , who works as a nanny , has been married to Damien , 37 , for 11 years and they have been a couple for 14 .
Mr Hall works in a call centre and , at 6ft 1in , says he knows he is overweight .
" It 's hard to lose weight under pressure , " he told BBC Radio 5 Live .
" I 'm not a couch potato and I do n't sit eating takeaways every night .
The bottom line is I 'm too fat
Damien Hall
" I just feel as though we were only judged on my weight and not all the other good things about us .
We do n't drink or smoke and we could give a child a happy and safe home . "
The letter the couple were sent by Leeds City Council , signed by a team manager and seen by the BBC said : " I am writing to confirm that we are unable to progress an application from you at this time .
" This is due to the concerns that the medical advisers have expressed regarding Mr Hall 's weight .
" I have discussed this with our medical adviser ... who considers that it is important to alter lifestyle , diet and exercise in a sustainable way so that any weight reduction can be maintained in the long term .
It went on : " I understand that you would like to begin the assessment as soon as possible and while appreciating your reasons for this , I consider it would be more appropriate to begin the assessment once Mr Hall 's BMI is below 40 . "
Child in care Mrs Hall said they were very shocked when they received the letter .
" I think it 's just gutting .
We had an inkling they 'd say something about ( his ) weight but to be turned down flatly just on that , it 's just harsh .
" My husband has a full - time job and is very active .
He walks our dog at least twice a day and does n't feel unfit or unwell .
The council 's adoption service has a legal responsibility to ensure that children are placed with adopters who are able to provide the best possible lifelong care
Leeds City Council
" You 've got a child in care who 's going to get up tomorrow morning not knowing where it 's going and we 're here ready to take a child on .
They seem to be saying it 's better for them to be in care and being shoved from pillar to post just in case Damien dies . "
Mr Hall added : " The bottom line is I 'm too fat .
We do n't know if there will be any other blocking factors , because that letter is just a reaction to a medical we had which said I 'm healthy but overweight . "
The Department for Children , Schools and Families said it does not issue guidance on maximum weight for adopters to local authorities .
In a statement , Leeds City Council said : " The council 's adoption service has a legal responsibility to ensure that children are placed with adopters who are able to provide the best possible lifelong care .
" Part of this responsibility is advice for applicants on a range of suitability criteria , including any health and lifestyle issues which may impact on an applicant 's long - term ability to adopt .
" Expert advice on health and medical issues for applicants is provided by medical advisors to the council 's adoption service , in line with BAAF ( British Agencies Adoption and Fostering ) guidance .
" Mr and Mrs Hall 's application to adopt is still active and they have been given advice on how best to proceed regarding this issue . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
President Obama and his two young daughters have a message for Washington , based on years of Chicago winters : Toughen up .
A dusting of snow -- followed by melting temperatures , rain , sleet and then overnight freezing -- packed much of the Washington area in ice Wednesday morning .
Schools throughout the region shut down -- including Sidwell Friends , where Sasha and Malia Obama are enrolled .
“ Can I make a comment that is unrelated to the economy , very quickly ? ” Obama asked at the White House on Wednesday .
“ My children ’s school was canceled today because of what , some ice ? ”
As reporters and business leaders laughed , Obama added : “ As my children pointed out , in Chicago , school is never canceled .
In fact , my 7 - year - old [ Sasha ] pointed out that you ’d go outside for recess in weather like this .
. . .
You would n’t even stay indoors .
So it ’s -- I do n’t know .
We ’re going to have to try to apply some flinty Chicago toughness to this town . ”
Advertisement
A spokeswoman for the Chicago Public Schools said snow , ice or cold has not shut down the system since Jan. 4 - 5 , 1999 , when a storm dumped nearly 2 feet of snow on the city .
The University of Chicago Laboratory Schools , which the Obama girls attended , has closed only once in the last 30 years because of winter weather , said David Derbes , a longtime faculty member .
Malia , 10 , is a fifth - grader at the Sidwell campus in northwest Washington .
Sasha is a second - grader at the elementary school in Bethesda , Md .
Are Washingtonians weak , their father was asked ?
“ I ’m saying , ” the president replied carefully , “ when it comes to the weather , folks in Washington do n’t seem to be able to handle things . ”
Advertisement
--
mdsilva@tribune.com
Sometimes you have to wonder what Republicans have against democracy .
Because that 's what this whole " voter fraud " foofara is about .
John McCain and Sarah Palin and Lou Dobbs and the rest of the right - wing torch brigade that have been after ACORN and the Ohio Secretary of State are n't concerned about protecting people 's right to vote -- and in fact , their efforts largely go toward directly stripping citizens of their legitimate voting rights .
Or more precisely , this is all about building a post-election narrative aimed at delegitimizing a Barack Obama presidency by claiming he won fraudulently .
It 's not just a handy excuse for the ass - kicking they deserve -- it 's a whole right - wing conspiracy - theory cottage industry in the making that will nurture their paranoia and rage for years down the road .
This weekend , Sarah Palin was out whipping up a fine froth among the McCainiacs about ACORN 's activities :
Palin demanded answers to “ unanswered questions about his connections with ACORN . ”
The fans screamed “ Booo ! ” at least 10 times when Palin mentioned Obama ’s name .
“ ACORN is under investigation for rampant voter fraud in 13 states .
ACORN received over $ 800,000 from the Obama campaign , ” Palin said .
All 13 are swing states like Indiana .
“ Booo ! ” Palin ’s supporters shouted .
Obama has said the $ 800,000 was for voter canvassing during the primary election , not for voter registration during the general election .
Palin , of course , is just following her the lead of her boss , who claimed in Wednesday 's debate that ACORN " is now on the verge of maybe perpetrating one of the greatest frauds in voter history in this country , maybe destroying the fabric of democracy . "
And we 're already seeing the violent results on the ground emanating from this kind of demagoguery .
And it 's demagoguery on a massive scale .
After all , everywhere that ACORN has been seriously examined -- from Indiana to Seattle , whenever issues have arisen they have been the result of individual canvassers trying to cheat ACORN , not with the organization itself .
And let 's be clear : there is no evidence whatsoever that an actual voting fraud problem exists .
Just in regards to ACORN , the bogus registrations have largely been flagged and caught .
Moreover , there simply is no evidence that people actually register to vote illegally on anything more than an infinitesimal scale .
As Deborah Hastings at the AP reports :
Voter fraud is rare in the United States , according to a 2007 report by the nonpartisan Brennan Center for Justice at the New York University School of Law .
Based on reviews of voter fraud claims at the federal and state level , the center 's report asserted most problems were caused by things like technological glitches , clerical errors or mistakes made by voters and by election officials .
" It is more likely that an individual will be struck by lightning than he will impersonate another voter at the polls , " the report said .
Alex Keyssar , a professor at Harvard 's Kennedy School of Government , calls the current controversy " chapter 22 in a drama that 's been going on awhile .
The pattern is that nothing much ever comes from this .
There have been no known cases of people voting fraudulently . "
" What we 've seen , " Keyssar said , " is sloppiness and someone 's idea of a stupid joke , like registering as Donald Duck . "
No , what 's been happening instead is that Republican - sponsored " voter purges " have been stripping people of their legitimate voting rights .
They show up expecting to vote on Election Day and are turned away , and nothing is rectified for months , if ever .
The Brennan Center for Justice conducted an in - depth study of these purges and found :
Purges rely on error - ridden lists .
States regularly attempt to purge voter lists of ineligible voters or duplicate registration records , but the lists that states use as the basis for purging are often riddled with errors .
...
Voters who are eligible to vote are wrongly stricken from the rolls because of problems with underlying source lists .
A classic case of this was in the wake of the 2004 election in Washington 's King County .
The GOP attempted to challenge the registration of several hundred Seattle voters -- and quickly found that its lists had been drawn up based on bogus information .
Later , it was discovered that the GOP had illegally modified its voter - challenge forms .
The Brennan Center study also found that voters are purged secretly and given no notice ; and that the purges are frequently subject to crude manipulation .
I do n't know about you , but I happen to be one of those people who considers the right to vote the cornerstone of republican democracy : the political enfranchisement of the citizen is embodied in it .
Indeed , it 's a sacred right in a democratic society , one that should be revoked only under the most careful of circumstances .
Now , it is problematic that the few people who do vote fraudulently dilute the legitimate votes of the rest .
But considering how infrequently it actually happens , the frenzy into which the right regularly whips itself over supposed " voter fraud " is beyond any proportion to the actual problem .
If you accept the primacy of the right of citizens to vote , then these attempts at preventing ineligible votes have to be as close to perfect as possible ; an error rate of even more than 1 percent is too great .
Because anything more than that means you 're violating the inviolable -- taking away the most fundamental political right of the American system .
What 's more telling , perhaps , is the Republican predilection for deriding and undermining citizens ' legitimate voting rights .
After all , no less an authority than Antonin Scalia himself declared , in the Bush v. Gore travesty , that " the individual citizen has no federal constitutional right to vote for electors for the President of the United States . "
No , it should be obvious to any adult observer of the Republican melodrama that they 're not serious about protecting people 's voting rights .
Rather precisely the opposite : Blocking the registration and participation of larger numbers of voters ( particularly Democratic - leaning voters ) has been a cornerstone of GOP strategy since at least Florida in 2000 , if not before ( their antipathy to the Motor Voter Law extended back to the early 1990s ) .
It played a significant role in Ohio in 2004 as well .
And it was the very engine that fueled the entire U.S. Attorneys firing scandal that brought down Attorney General Alberto Gonzales .
In other words , if you 're a Democratic voter , or simply from a demographic group that leans Democratic , Republicans are hoping to prevent you from voting at all .
The best part of this scam is that they get to play as though they are the folks protecting your vote -- when in fact they 're doing their best to take it away .
And when it 's all over , they get to use it to fraudulently beat Democrats over the head with it while getting the torch - bearers ' flames stoked up all nice and hot .
So why do Republicans hate democracy ?
Maybe because they are the party of Oligarchical White Privilege .
And democracy is about to kick them in the ass .
And the Swedish Krona clearly did n’t like the news .
Standard & Poor ’s Ratings Services today said it had lowered its sovereign credit ratings on the Republic of Latvia to ‘ BB + / B’ from ‘ BBB -/ A - 3 ’ and removed the ratings from CreditWatch negative , where they were placed on Nov. 10 , 2008 .
The outlook is negative …….
We believe the necessary process of private sector deleveraging is likely to continue over several years , during which time real incomes will decline , testing Latvia ’s commitment to both its exchange rate regime and its obligations under the EUR7.5 billion assistance program from the IMF , EU , and other official lenders .
The adjustment is made more difficult as external demand for Latvia ’s key exports continues to decline . ”
The negative outlook reflects the likelihood of a further downgrade later this year or in 2010 if we believe the government is wavering from its economic agenda in a manner that intensifies currency pressures and risks delays in disbursements from official creditors .
If the Latvian financial sector retains access to international markets at reasonable cost , economic prospects brighten on the basis of improved competitiveness , fiscal targets are met , and the near - term prospect for Eurozone entry improves , the ratings could stabilize at the current level .
Standard & Poor ’s also said it had placed its ‘ A / A - 1 ’ sovereign credit ratings on the Republic of Estonia , and its ‘ BBB + / A - 2 ’ ratings on the Republic of Lithuania , on CreditWatch with negative implications .
Which means that both of these may be up for downgrades in the not too distant future .
The IMF are about to withdraw to base camp to observe developments from afar , although it is possible that they have laid out their “ conditions ” for the incoming government , but since they have no effective “ interlocutor ” it is not clear whether these conditions are going to be completely acceptable or not at this point .
Christoph Rosenberg , IMF mission chief to Latvia , issued the following statement today in Riga :
“ The program supported by the IMF , the EU , and other bilateral and multinational donors is meant to sustain policies that will put Latvia back on a sustainable path , not particular political parties or coalitions .
As long as appropriate policies are in place , such support will continue .
As IMF Managing Director Dominique Strauss - Kahn has said , the IMF will continue its technical work with the Latvian authorities .
The IMF mission currently in Riga for the first review of the program has , jointly with a technical team from the European Commission , made a lot of progress in identifying issues that need to be addressed .
The IMF mission will return to Washington at the end of this week and continue its work with the authorities from there .
It will be ready to return to Riga and continue the discussions after a new government has taken office . ”
While EU Economy and Finance Commissioner Joaquin Almunia seems to be hinting that the EU may be “ readying up ” intervention .
Well , if that is n’t what he ’s doing then I am at a total loss to understand what he is up to .
The European Union could have to bail out a member state in financial trouble but such a move is unlikely , especially among countries in the euro zone , EU economic chief Joaquin Almunia said on Monday .
States such as Hungary and Latvia have received assistance from the EU , and other countries within the 27 - member bloc might need a financial support programme , said Almunia , who is European economic and monetary affairs commissioner .
“ You ca n’t rule out that a country outside the euro currency might come to need this assistance , ” he said during an economic conference in Madrid .
“ We do n’t think we ’ll get to this position . ”
Almunia said euro zone countries were better off and less likely to need EU help .
“ With the euro zone the position is not the same , either in terms of public debt , foreign debt or the ability to react to this recession , ” Almunia said .
And the cost of Baltic country CDS not surprisingly shot straight up :
The cost of insuring Latvian sovereign debt for five years rose on Tuesday by more than 30 basis points after Standard & Poor ’s cut the country ’s sovereign rating to junk .
Five - year credit default swaps ( CDS ) for Latvia were quoted at a mid-price of 977.4 basis points , according to CMA DataVision , up from their Monday close of 943.7 bps .
Five - year CDS for Lithuania hit a record high of 861.7 bps after the S&P move , compared with Monday ’s 831 bps .
For Estonia , five - year CDS rose to 733 from 730.7 bps .
Below is a chart for Latvia ’s 10 - year Eurobond ( quoted yield to maturity ) maturing on 5 March 2018 , it is now trading some 700 bps in the mid ( 755 in the bid ) over the closest ( by maturity ) German bund .
Apart from noting today ’s market reaction it is possible to see how the spread , after settling down following the IMF - lead deal , has now opened right up again to the level of the previous October highs .
Moody ’s Reports On Lithuania
Moody ’s Investors Service also said today that it can no longer rule out a Lithuanian currency devaluation , although it was at pains to point out that this was not its central scenario .
In the course of its annual ratings review Moody ’s said the following :
“ Even though the net benefits of abandoning the currency board would probably be negative , a devaluation can no longer be ruled out in the current environment , but this is not Moody ’s central scenario , ”
Last week Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. warned that Latviaâ€™s weakening economy might force the government to ease its policy of managing the lats , spurring all three Baltic currencies to break their pegs by mid-year producing a fall of anything up to 50 percent to the euro .
â€ œLatvia stands out as the weakest of the three because its external debt is very high and itâ€™s got a big current - account deficit , â€ said Win Thin , New York - based senior currency strategist at the oldest privately - owned U.S. bank .
â€œThe contagion between the three is so strong that if Latvia broke the others wouldnâ€™t be able to resist.â€ 
Vulnerability In The East
Standard and Poor ’s also issued a more general warning today about the parlous state of many of the Eastern economies .
In a report titled “ Market Dislocation Exposes Vulnerability Of Eastern European Economies , ” published yesterday the agency stated that the resilience of Eastern European economies seems to be crumbling under the weight of high foreign currency debt and the potential reprioritization of lending among foreign banks .
“ The financial crisis that started to hit developed economies after August 2007 did not immediately affect East European economies , ” said Jean - Michel Six , Standard & Poor ’s chief economist for Europe .
“ In fact , through the first half of 2008 their economic prospects still appeared resilient .
But in the second half of 2008 , the effects of the crisis started to filter through the region and are now gathering momentum . ”
In particular S&P ’s singled out the Baltics , Hungary , Romania and Bulgaria as especially vulnerable .
I just got four for the price of one !
And now , your non-sequitur of the day :
[ Mr. T. voice ]
Baghab is boxhab with handles , Fool !
While 2009 is almost upon us , there 's still some time to pass out gaming awards for 2008 .
I bet you did n't think No More Heroes would be making anyone 's list .
Advertisement
The San Francisco Chronicle handed out their gaming awards for the year .
Noticeably missing from this list are the usual suspects , like Grand Theft Auto IV , Dead Space , Fable II , and Resistance 2 .
They 've been replaced by the likes of No More Heroes (! ) , Soulcalibur IV , Mirror 's Edge , and Burnout Paradise .
They also named their gaming MVP , as well as their High's , Low 's and Most Improved .
While all these games are fine choices , the No More Heroes pick is a bit surprising .
But hey , this is why we are allowed to have an opinion .
Here 's their 10 best of 2008 :
- Prince of Persia ( PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , PC ) - Metal Gear Solid 4 ( PlayStation 3 ) - Gears of War 2 ( Xbox 360 ) - Burnout Paradise ( PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 ) - Little Big Planet ( PlayStation 3 ) - Mirror 's Edge ( PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , PC ) - Fallout 3 ( PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , PC ) - Left 4 Dead ( Xbox 360 , PC ) - Soulcalibur IV ( PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 ) - No More Heroes ( Wii )
MVP - Criterion HIgh - Home , NXE with video services Low - Denis Dyack vs. NeoGAF Most Improved - iPhone Games
The best video games of 2008 ( San Francisco Chronicle )
Rangers Coach Tom Renney describes the view form behind the bench at Madison Square Garden .
Renney has perfected a fuming - but - silent pose from his spot on the bench .
But for large stretches of the game , the coach gets to watch without yelling , dispensing advice and experiencing the game from the best point of view in the arena .
Read more from Lynn Zinser on the Slap Shot blog .
We were saddened when we could n't track down this Bertone B.A.T. 11 in Geneva last year and even sadder when we missed it in Los Angeles in November .
Do n't blame us .
They stuck it in the basement for crying out loud .
The B.A.T. 11 is an updated take on the B.A.T. 5 , B.A.T. 7 and B.A.T. 9 concepts built by Nuccio Bertone in the ' 50s .
BAT stands for Berlinetta Aerodinamica Tecnica ( Aerodynamic Technical Coupe ) and as you can see , this concept lives up to its name .
While the original B.A.T. concepts have become some of the most coveted collector cars in the world , this new one is designed with a slightly different slant .
Based on a Maserati GT chassis , it is more of a sportscar for the new millennium .
It has a Maserati V8 for propulsion and features Pirelli shod 21 " wheels slowed by Brembo brakes .
Although the mechanicals are Maserati , the badge is Alfa Romeo because of the exterior detailing -- specifically the traditional Alfa triangular shield and circulor crest .
It also carries many of the same design cues as its predecessors , including the fared - in wheels and wrap - around tail fins .
While the original BATs were designed to look aerodynamic , this one was actually wind - tunnel - tested in the Department of Aeronautics and Space Engineering at the Polytechnic institute of Torino .
It 's such a striking car in person at over 16 feet in length , six feet wide and under four feet tall .
The classic styling elements are joined by some 21st century tech , including electronically adjustable cooling foils and wheel coverings that automatically adjust to the optimal position for cooling , steering or drag - reduction .
It 's a fun concept , a treat to see in person and a great homage to Nuccio , especially painted up in his favorite green - gray color .
Check out the press release after the jump and our high - res gallery below .
Photos copyright ©2009 Frank Filipponio / Weblogs , Inc .
PRESS RELEASE
Stile Bertone unveils the B.A.T. 11
GENEVA , SWITZERLAND -
This project is the logical outcome of the evolution of the B.A.T. 5 , B.A.T. 7 and B.A.T. 9 , developed by Nuccio Bertone together with Alfa Romeo between 1953 and 1955 .
The aim at that time was to build aerodynamic cars : BAT stands for Berlinetta Aerodinamica Tecnica ( Aerodynamic Technical Coupe ) .
These three models , designed by Franco Scaglione , had very advanced features for their time .
They represent three important moments in automobile history and after many trials and tribulations found themselves the property of an avid collector in Las Vegas .
They are now considered one of the most valuable collections in the world .
This new prototype has been designed with the Maserati GT chassis in mind , in order not to be a mere emotional copy of the past .
It strives to be the BAT of the 3rd millennium , an authentic sportscar , in coherence with the history of the Bertone name .
For example , its design was the most avant - garde among the various proposals , which is in line with
the designer 's penchant for strong messages .
At the same time , creativity was combined with reality : the prototype scale model was fine tuned based on aerodynamic tests carried out at the Department Aeronautics and Space Engineering at the Polytechnic institute of Torino .
4,9 meters long , 1,9 meters wide , and 1,2 meters high , the design brings to the forefront some of the distinguishing elements of the BAT concept , such as the tapered fins and the faired wheels , all in a context where soft proportions are combined with strict and rough lines : a successful encounter of the typical Bertone themes that have inspired many .
The fins seem to have been designed as a shawl that wraps around the car beginning from the front fender .
In the rear there is suspended spoiler running lengthwise which uses a specific anchoring system .
There is therefore a continuous flow of surfaces , volumes and open spaces that are uncovered piece by piece depending on the view angle .
Even the 21 " faired wheels with Pirelli tires contribute to defining the model 's character : they are inspired by the spoked wheels of before and are fixed to the hub ; they are made of alloy rims and carbon fiber segmented helical spokes that let one catch a glimpse of the Brembo brake calipers .
It should also be noted that the body features that streamline the front wheels are mobile and provide for an electronic opening and closing system linked to the steering wheel to guarantee easy steering when parking .
Seen from the front , the model clearly recalls Alfa Romeo : a long hood , very sleek in the upper part , which descends towards a sharp receding front bringing to mind the model designed by Bertone for the Alfa Montreal .
At the center is the typical triangular shield with the circular brand logo on the top of the hood from which extend 3 horizontal lines that represent the Alfa Romeo " whiskers " : the central ones cut through the inlet which holds the LED lighting system supplied by OSRAM .
The side of the car is very simple , almost basic , and brings to the forefront two particularities that highlight the sporty nature of the car : the low widows combined with the high waistline and the cooling foils ( which are also on the rear bumpers ) optimize brake cooling .
The doors were designed to open towards the front and slightly upwards , allowing access to a two seat cockpit designed to be simply and elegantly furnished , in line with the BAT concept .
The dashboard is designed in wood , curved in the lower part on the driver 's side .
Finally , the grey - green color , linked to the Alfa Romeo brand and dear to Nuccio Bertone , is yet another element that contributes to carrying this particular style , created by a master , towards the future .
This month marks my 6 - year anniversary blogging for mental_floss .
It also marks mentalfloss .com 's 6 - year anniversary in the blogosphere .
To celebrate the more than 2,000 daily posts , I 'll be republishing some of my favorite posts from these last half - dozen years , starting today , running to the end of the month .
Hope you enjoy this stroll down memory lane ...
( Originally published on Feb. 3 , 2009 ) 1 . Alfred Mosher Butts Best known for : inventing Scrabble ( first called Lexiko , and then later , Criss Cross Words )
But did you know :
We owe our Scrabble addictions to the Depression ?
Butts was an architect who suddenly found himself unemployed .
With nothing but time on his hands , he set about to invent a board game ( he must have been , er , bored , without work ) .
So how bad was his spelling ?
By his own admission , Butts says he was n't a good speller , and was delighted when his Scrabble score hit 300 .
Apparently his wife Nina , a former school teacher , usually outplayed him .
2. William Faulkner
Best known for : his stream of consciousness technique in such celebrated novels as his 1929 classic , The Sound and the Fury
But did you know : the title of the novel comes from a Macbeth soliloquy ?
" It is a tale told by an idiot , full of sound and fury , signifying nothing . "
So how bad was his spelling ?
One of Faulkner 's editors at Random House , Albert Erskine , said , " I know that he did not wish to have carried through from typescript to printed book his typing mistakes , misspellings ( as opposed to coinages ) , faulty punctuation and accidental repetition .
He depended on my predecessors , and later on me , to point out such errors and correct them ; and though we never achieved anything like a perfect performance , we tried . "
3. F. Scott Fitzgerald
Best known for : The Great Gatsby
But did you know :
The novel did n't sell well during Fitzgerald 's lifetime ?
( fewer than 25,000 copies )
So how bad was his spelling ?
Preeminent American literary critic Edmund Wilson described This Side of Paradise as " one of the most illiterate books of any merit ever published . "
4. Ernest Hemingway
Best known for : those great stoic characters , like Robert Jordan in the 1940 novel For Whom the Bell Tolls
But did you know : Hemingway was decorated as a hero after being injured during WWI ?
And served as a war correspondent in both the Spanish Civil War and WWII ?
( in case you ever wondered how he got all those Spanish Civil War details down so well in For Whom the Bell Tolls )
So how bad was his spelling ?
Whenever his newspaper editors complained about it , he 'd retort , " Well , that 's what you 're hired to correct ! "
5. John Keats
Best known for : the 1820 poem , Ode on a Grecian Urn
But did you know : tuberculosis took the young Keats in 1821 , at only 26 years of age ?
The same disease had already claimed his mother and younger brother .
So how bad was his spelling ?
In a letter to his great love Fanny Brawne , Keats spelled the color purple , purplue .
This generated a longer conversation between the two , as Keats tried to save face by suggesting he'd meant to coin a new portmanteaux - a cross between purple and blue .
6. Jane Austen
Best known for : her elegant novels , like Pride and Prejudice , published in 1813
But did you know : she 'd actually written the novel a good 15 years earlier , under the title First Impressions , but the publisher rejected it ?
( Let this be a lesson to all ye aspiring writers ! )
Then , after Sense and Sensibility was published in 1811 , there was interest in the older story , which , after some editing , was eventually published with the title we know today .
So how bad was her spelling ?
She once misspelled one of her teenage works as " Love and Freindship " and is infamously known to have spelt scissors as scissars .
Check out all past Weekend Word Wraps >>
It ’s funny , given American political ideals , that our museums offer so few major exhibitions of ancient Greek art .
The Met had one called “ The Greek Miracle : Classical Sculpture From the Dawn of Democracy , ” but that was in 1993 .
It was an expensive , blockbustery thing that told a story we already knew , and one that is only partly true : that Western culture , or whatever is good about it , was a Greek invention .
Some of us asked at the time why the curators , who had been handed loans of almost mythic status  the “ Kritios Boy , ” the “ Grave Stele of Hegeso ”  did so little with them .
The show could have been an opportunity to break scholarly ground : to examine the role of class in ancient Greece , or to consider the lives of women and children , or to reconsider what classicism means as a value - laden historical concept .
What we got was art - survey boilerplate .
Two years later the Walters Art Gallery in Baltimore mounted a show on women in ancient Greece , impressively .
And now New York has one too .
Moderate in size , efficiently presented and somewhat stiffly titled “ Worshiping Women : Ritual and Reality in Classical Athens , ” it is not at the Met or any other museum but at the Onassis Cultural Center in Midtown , a kunsthalle - style space , now almost a decade old , devoted to Hellenic culture .
As conceived by its two curators  Nikolaos Kaltsas , director of the National Archaeological Museum of Greece , and Alan Shapiro , professor of archaeology at Johns Hopkins University  the show ’s intention is twofold : to present a nuanced view of a still - elusive subject , and to correct , or at least revise , existing misconceptions .
OBJECTIVE : Confronting Militant Atheism Article by Jack Holgroth
Who Is The Militant Atheist ?
Most Christians have by now encountered the term " Militant Atheist " in the media .
A few have even had the misfortune to encounter a Militant Atheist firsthand .
But who is the Militant Atheist , what does he want from us , and what threat does he pose ?
The Militant Atheist goes by many names : Atheist , New Atheist , Secular Humanist , Communist , Darwinist , Anarcho - Militerialist , Richard Dawkins , &c. .
He hates God so much that he foolishly 1 denies God 's existence ;
He hates those who love God so much that he lashes out at them in bitter , vituperative displays of invective ;
And finally , pathetically , he hates himself so much that he would reject the sure payoff of God 's Infinite Love in favor of the negative - sum blasphemy of an Atheistic worldview .
The Militant Atheist is a man playing a predetermined game against his Creator with no hope of finding a winning strategy .
His twisted doctrine is not a new one , although it may be relatively unfamiliar to these Christian shores .
In the USSR , the Union of Militant Atheists ( also known as " the Union of Belligerent Atheists " or " the League of the Militant Godless " ) would routinely persecute Christians with their mocking and blasphemous writings , encouraged in their militancy by Party leaders2 .
This had its natural result in the anti-Christian violence of Stalin 's regime .
As we shall discover , all who profess Atheism have within them the imperative to be militant , to do violence -- first by word , then eventually by deed .
According to researchers and historians , the ultimate goal of the Militant Atheist is the destruction of Christian society through violent action .
American Vision 's Fool 's Heart Project , which is dedicated to tracking the history and spread of Militant Atheism , makes the case that the threat posed by the Militant Atheist today is very real and historically precedented :
Atheists present themselves as enlightened and civil .
But this new commercial will reveal the shocking truth to viewers .
The French Revolution , Communism , Nazism , etc. have taught us that the atheistic worldview will inevitably lead to the persecution of Christians and the killing of anyone who gets in the way .
What 's worse is that atheism is paving a wide road for Islam to advance in our nation and around the world .
As American Vision 's commercial illustrates , the French Revolution 's bloody Reign of Atheist Terror had its foundation in people writing in favor of " reason " and " rationality " and " thinking " in much the same way as the Dawkinses and Harrises writing books and articles do today .
But is today 's Militant Atheist really a tiger of the same stripe as the murderous Robespierre or other notorious Militant Atheists such as Stalin and Hitler3 ?
Is he truly militant , or just unduly obnoxious , arrogant , and foolish ?
To be sure , as the video points out , Dawkins has called for the imprisonment of Christians who teach their children about God4 , but can the books written by him and other Militant Atheists really be a prelude to bloodshed ?
Sadly , yes .
Today 's Militant Atheist is no better than his foolish ancestors ( whom , presumably , he believes to be monkeys ) .
He speaks of Reason , but is really interested in arming himself , digging himself into our Christian soil , and awaiting the coming anti-Christian military purge that he so desperately desires .
Today he writes books , tomorrow he will throw bombs .
Today he abuses our courts to silence God , tomorrow he will put the Christian parent on trial for " child abuse " .
Today he mocks the Christian , tomorrow he will hunt the Christian down in the streets like a stray dog and euthanize him to stop the " disease " of Christianity .
The Faces Of Militant Atheism Today
Fig. 1 — Militant Atheists Fig. 1 — Militant Atheists
The Militant Atheist varies in appearance ( fig. 1 ) , although he is most often a white male .
It is next to impossible to identify him from his physical attributes alone , at least from a distance ( some claim there is a look in his eyes -- a deadened , beast - like stare -- but as far as I know this has never been confirmed objectively ) .
In the past he has favored beards in emulation of historical Atheists , particularly Charles Darwin and Karl Marx , but this seems to have fallen out of fashion with the changing times .
Fig. 2 — Militant Atheist engaged in typical behavior Fig. 2 — Militant Atheist engaged in typical behavior
He often dons abnormal garb when he rises to power ( e.g. the various uniforms of Communism , Nazism , & c. ) , but while lying in wait in our society the Militant Atheist typically dresses in attire socially appropriate for the occasion , though perhaps looking more disheveled than average .
He will sometimes wear offensive tee - shirts or place blasphemous decals on his automobile , but the lack of these signs cannot be counted on for identification purposes .
Most of the Militant Atheist 's typical activities are done in secret ( fig. 2 ) , away from the eye of the Christian , so they do not reveal him to his neighbors -- or even his family members .
Whether writing or reading screeds on Atheism , posting to Internet discussion forums mocking the Lord , or simply stewing alone in his anti-Christian hatred , his Atheistic behavior usually goes unnoticed by those around him .
He attends no " Atheist church " , although he may join organizations dedicated to suing against the free exercise of Christianity .
On Sunday mornings he can be found either staying home slothfully or blending in with the Jews and lapsed , nonobservant Christians milling about hopelessly in public away from church .
What gives the Militant Atheist away is when he opens his mouth .
He cannot help but hatefully insult God , Christianity , Christians , Faith , and the Bible every chance he gets .
He will go out of his way to bring up pointless , refuted objections to the Gospel , and list his many perceived grievances against Christians -- all either trivial or delusional .
Even when he is guarded in his speech to hide his intentions , knee - jerk sarcasm and a general tone of haughtiness give away his true opinion of all things related to God .
He sneers , he gloats , he shows contempt for reverence and ignorance of Truth .
The Militant Atheist uses his words like the punches of an angry drunk , never hitting their mark , but always intended to do the utmost violence .
This is how you will identify the Militant Atheist .
Although most often afflicting men , it 's not unheard of for impressionable women to suffer from Atheism , usually in association with emotional abuse .
A recent example of this phenomena , as well as of the Militant Atheist 's self - exposure through unwarranted hate - speech , is Secular television actress Kathy Griffin ( fig. 3 ) , a self - avowed " complete Militant Atheist " who shocked even fellow Hollywood Liberals at the 2007 Emmy awards ceremony by yelling a crude blasphemy at the Lord then announcing that the golden statuette " is my god now " .
Fig. 3
Fig. 4
While Griffin claims that her Catholic school experience drove her to Militant Atheism , there were many years between her exposure to the flawed teachings of the Catholics and this militant outburst .
Her public transformation from relatively harmless Secular entertainer to militant anti-God agitator reminds me of nothing so much as the notorious 1974 forced transformation of Patty Hearst into Tania , the Symbionese guerilla terrorist ( fig. 4 ) .
Could there be a connection ?
Could Militant
Atheist groups be kidnapping people and brainwashing them for propaganda use or as sleeper cell agents ?
That 's one possible explanation for the existence of the Militant Atheist , though certainly not the only .
What Drives A Man To Militant Atheism ?
Now that we have met the Militant Atheist , we must ask :
How did he become so twisted ?
Why would a man , created by God in His image , wish to deny the very existence of He who Loves him more than any other being could ?
Theopsychologists have long wrestled with this vexing question , but have been unable to come to a satisfactory conclusion .
Some suggest it is the result of his selfish desire to be free of accountability for his actions ; others , that he is indoctrinated by a constant stream of Atheistic media propaganda produced by a small number of Satan 's agents on earth ; others still , that he suffers from some sort of brain damage , leaving him in a state of spiritual unaffectedness .
Whatever the origins of Atheism may be , given that , against all reason , the Atheist exists , that he would be driven to militarism and violence is actually understandable -- even unavoidable .
He clearly suffers from some manner of derangement , either proceeding his Atheism or as a result of it , that causes him to lash out in irrational anger .
He is unable to understand why he cannot function as a healthy spiritual person the way the rest of us do , making him both jealous and resentful .
Most importantly , being separated from God , the wellspring of Love , drives him insane with hate .
Naturally , this leads us to conclude that militancy is an inherent part of the Atheistic mindset , that the Atheist will always seek violence , starting with the violence of intemperate words and escalating to the horrors of Stalinism .
Unless we can convert him , heal his spiritual wounds , the Militant Atheist will always be a danger to society .
The Atheist Hides His Militancy In Plain Sight
" Surely this is an exaggeration , " some may protest , " The Atheist can not possibly be that militant . "
By His Grace , we Christians are often too pure in our hearts to fully appreciate the spiritual depths to which the Militant Atheist has sunk , and of what acts of benthic blasphemy he is capable as the slimy hagfish of nihilism slowly pick apart his soul .
Make no mistake about it , though , the Militant Atheist is n't just " militant " in the adjectival sense , he is also a Militant of the nounal variety .
Clues to the Militant Atheist 's literal militancy are not difficult to find for those with the stomach to look .
For example , take the iconic imagery used by Atheist organizations :
Fig. 5
Fig. 6
The so - called " American Atheists " 5 -- an oxymoron if ever there was -- is the largest Atheist organization operating in our nation .
They have as their logo ( fig. 5 ) what is clearly a combination of a nuclear atom with a missile head , such as the nuclear warheads used by the Soviets ( fig. 6 ) .
They claim this logo is merely symbolic of their worship of science , but its true purpose is to signal to their compatriots their goal to obtain nuclear devices to use against Christians .
Fig. 7
Fig. 8 — Secular Humanism's " justice "
The logo of the Secular Humanists ( fig. 7 ) represents a person with arms raised in surrender , presumably to an Atheistic military dictatorship .
The figure is called " Happy Human " by the Humanists , a name intended to inculcate passive acceptance of this surrender to Godlessness .
And if that Orwellian tactic does n't work , the surrendering figure has his head decapitated to echo the mode of punishment favored during the Atheistic French Revolution for those who did not toe the Secular Humanist 's line ( fig. 8 ) .
Consider also the " entertainment " produced by the Militant Atheist .
In 2001 : A Space Odyssey , the magnum opus of Militant Atheist and Darwinian film director Stanley Kubrick , man-apes at the beginning of time are inspired not by the light of God , but by the inky depths of a black monolith , symbolic of the cold void of Atheism .
And what inspiration does this Prophet of Atheism bring to the man-apes ?
It teaches them hate for their fellow man-apes and how to create weapons to kill ( fig. 9 ) .
This is the origins theory that the Militant Atheist demands we teach our children .
Fig. 9
Fig. 10 — Dramatized Atheist uprising
Worse yet , in the 1972 film Conquest of the Planet of the Apes , Darwinian symbolism is used to represent Atheists as apes , kept brutally enslaved and beaten by humans , who symbolically represent Christians .
( This , of course , is just deceitful , self - serving propaganda designed to rationalize their unjustified hatred of Christians ; Atheists were never enslaved by Christians and rarely beaten -- and then only with just cause . )
Caesar , the talking6 leader of the Atheist - apes , provokes an uprising in which apes seize the humans ' own weapons and use them to destroy human ( Christian ) civilization in a bloody , howling rampage of violence ( fig. 10 ) .
To the Militant Atheist , this movie is a " cult classic " that serves as a not - so - cryptic roadmap to his vision of the future : the Conquest of Christendom .
More so than his choice of imagery and symbolism , or even his written declarations , the Militant Atheist signals his desire for violence against the Christian by his acts -- in particular , his seeking to insinuate himself into our Christian military to subvert it to his decidedly un-Christian ends .
How The Atheist Has Infiltrated Our Foxhole
During the Cold War , we provided training , weapons , and funding to the Mujahideen in Afghanastan to aid them in their fight against the USSR .
We did so thinking the Mussulman preferable to the Godless Soviet , since the former at least shared our trust in God , however confused the Mussulman may have been about His identity and plan for Humanity .
Thus , we were willing to overlook our differences and past hostilities in the face of our common enemy : Atheistic Communism .
This unstable cooperative strategy has since came back to haunt us .7
Now we see history repeating in the Global War on Terror .
In looking for a common enemy of our enemy , we have reached out to our former foe the Atheist and recruited him into the ranks of our military .
We have trained him in the use of our weapons and allowed him to learn our tactics .
We do all this because he finds the radicalized Islamicist as much an enemy as do we and is willing to fight , even if out of blind hatred and selfishness rather than righteousness and just cause .
But once we have defeated the Terror , should we not expect that the Atheist will turn against us much as the Musselman did ?
The Militant Atheist pledges no allegiance to our flag or to God -- he does not share our common American creed ; so why then does he fight for God 's favored nation ?
The answer is simple : he does so only to leech our strength and weaken from within our ability to defend Christian civilization .
Already the Militant Atheist , having camouflaged himself in our uniform , has begun chipping away at the Christian bedrock of our military ( aided , of course , by his close friend : the ACLU Lawyer ) .
Example : because of the crocodile - tears of Militant Atheists who somehow managed to gain entrance to the U.S. Air Force Academy , instructors there are now no longer allowed to train cadets in the Christian values upon which our nation was founded .
8
The young men and women graduating from this institution as officers , who will be placed in positions of power where life and death decisions must be made under fire , will be without traditional military training in how to seek guidance from our Lord .
This is unacceptable !
Atheistic meddling is n't just an issue in military academia ; it has started to creep into our combat deployed forces .
Recently , Major Freddy J. Welborn , warrior for the Lord Jesus Christ currently serving in Iraq , had a frivolous lawsuit filed against him by Atheists .
The lawsuit seeks to keep Major Welborn from freely practicing his religious calling to preach the Gospel of God to service men and women in Iraq -- including service men holding " Atheist meetings " on government property .
As of this writing , the case has n't yet gone to trial .
However , just the threat of such litigation will cause our brave Christian soldiers to worry about their assets being seized by Atheist lawyers back home while they 're fighting on the front line .
This vexatious distraction will endanger lives and provide comfort to our enemies .
The Atheist may be a fool , but I fear he is less so than those in our leadership who have allowed him to infiltrate our armed forces .
Will not World War Five9 pit God 's enemies against those left behind after the Rapture , when we Christians have ascended bodily into Heaven ?
We know that all Jews will become Christians then , and many from other false faiths will finally seek to learn the Good News and join in the fight against the Antichrist ; but the Militant Atheist , driven by irrational hatred , is the least likely to accept the Truth and turn away from Evil .
Will he not relish the disappearance of his Christian foes ?
Indeed , is not the Tribulation exactly for what the Militant Atheist has lusted ?
Are we not then , by allowing Militant Atheists access to our arsenal and military know - how , helping to fill the ranks of the very army of the Antichrist that those freshly converted Christians will have to fight ?
God created America and Graced her with military might so that we may set the stage for Tribulation prior to Rapture .
While the end game is already determined and God 's final strategy cannot but win , by allowing Christian - trained Atheist soldiers -- and our equipment to which they have access , including the nuclear devices that the " American Atheists " so crave -- to fall into the hands of the Forces of Darkness , we will just be leaving behind a larger mess to clean - up when we the Elect return with Christ to establish His Kingdom on Earth .
We only have one shot at the End Times , people ; let 's not do a sloppy job about it .
The age - old adage that " There are no Atheists in foxholes " has been shown to be mistaken .
They are in our foxholes , plotting our destruction .
Militant Atheism is a clear and present danger to not only combat readiness , but to the very future of Christian society and to the viability of a weak and confused post - Rapture Tribulation Force tasked with the final witnessing objective before the Second Coming .
We must act now to rid our armed forces of this undesirable element before it is too late -- the fate of billions of souls hangs in the balance !
For more on the Militant Atheist and his agenda , methods , and secrets , please see this excellently researched site : Militant Atheism Exposed .
It includes a list of shocking parallels that show that Richard Dawkins might be the next Hitler and a look into the likely possibility that Atheism is a mental illness .
Fighting The Militant Atheist
UPDATE : Many of you , alarmed at the dangerous rise of Militant Atheism in our nation , and particularly in our military , have written to me since this article was released asking what can be done to fight the scourge of the Militant Atheist infiltrating our Armed Forces .
Fortunately there are many good organizations , known as military para - church ministries , working to make sure that our military remains a Christian one .
Here are a few of the more notable , well - funded ones :
Because our enemy is militant , we are compelled to be too .
This is not hypocrisy since God has commanded us to be so -- God knew the Militant Atheist would attack us and so wanted us to be prepared .
Here are some articles that explain militant Christianity as it is Biblically ordained :
• Minutemen United : Minutemen United is comprised of Christian men who are willing to share the love , hope and promise of Jesus Christ regardless of the consequences .
The Minutemen are a proactive network of believers ready at a moment 's notice to do battle for the cause of Christ .
Together we can once again turn back the anti-God tyranny that is being thrust upon this nation .
• 4 Distinctives of Militant Christianity ( 1 Corinthians 16:13 - 14 ) : By Gary DeLashmutt of the Xenos Christian Fellowship .
DeLashmutt explains how the Church is an Army at war and how God has called us up for active duty to take the Spiritual Battle to the Enemy , whom we will destroy with our Ordinance of Love . • Militant Christianity : By Kevin J Wilson of Alpha & Omega Outreach Ministries .
Lists a more in - depth 10 distinctions of Militant Christianity for those who need more guidance to fight Spiritually in God 's Army .
• Spiritual Warfare - The Battles : Advice on how to go into battle as Christians .
Includes links to articles on how to arm oneself and what to wear .
Militant Atheism News
The Militant Atheist 's schemes are ongoing .
I will provide links to news stories here as I uncover them :
• Military Forced To Remove Bible Passages From Rifle Sights ( 1/21/2010 ) : Militant Atheists , led by Michael " Mikey " Weinstein of the " Military " Religious " Freedom " Foundation ( MRFF ) and in league with Islamofascist terror - activists , are now seeking to endanger our combat forces by having Bible citations removed from rifle sights .
The citations are part of the product codes of sights manufactured by Trijicon , who have been providing these Biblically anointed sights to our Military for over a decade .
Examples of the codes include " 2COR4:6 " ( " For God , who commanded the light to shine out of darkness , hath shined in our hearts , to give the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ " ) and JN8:12 ( " Then spake Jesus again unto them , saying , I am the light of the world : he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness , but shall have the light of life " ) .
Christian snipers have long trusted in Trijicon sights to provide not only superior aiming , but also to spiritually transform their weapons into Fire Arms of Jesus Christ , providing them with God 's protection on the battlefield .
Faced with political pressure -- or should we say , domestic terror tactics -- from the Militant Atheists , Trijicon as agreed under duress to remove the citations from their products .
If the Militant Atheists get their way , make no mistake : God 's protection will be removed and American soldiers will die !
•
" Dad links son 's suicide to ' The God Delusion ' " ( World Net Daily , 11/20/2008 ) : Militant Atheists are now killing Christians with their books !
Jesse Kilgore , a 22 - year - old military veteran , falls in with the wrong crowd -- a Secular public college -- and pays for it with his life , possibly even his immortal soul .
After his self - inflicted murder , a copy of Dawkins ' pro-Militant Atheism book is found under his mattress , with the last page ominously bookmarked .
Officials from the Secular public college refuse to answer questions about the allegations that the deadly book was assigned by one of Jesse 's professors -- who have been confusing Jesse 's faith with their Militant Atheist tactics ever since he enrolled in their anti-Christian place of " learning " .
According to Jesse 's father : " My son is the Adam Walsh of the culture war .
That 's who my son is . " • " Are Veterans Being ' Religiously Disenfranchised ' ? " ( OneNewsNow.com , 6/30/2008 ) : North Carolina Congressman Robin Hayes says some officials with the Department of Veterans Affairs are engaging in anti-Christian discrimination .
All signs of Christianity are being removed from the chapel at the VA Hospital in Fayetteville in order to make the chapel " neutral " and " comfortable " to the non-Christians who we allow to serve in our military .
Hayes calls on us to pray for the restoration of America 's Christian heritage .
• " U.S. Marine on trial for evangelism " ( OneNewsNow.com , 6/11/2008 ) : A Marine serving in Fallujah , who was helping to bring the Good News to the Muslims he interacts with while on duty by handing out coins with a Christian message , is being persecuted by the Atheists who have infiltrated the Pentagon .
If our men and women in uniform are not allowed the freedom to represent our shared Christian heritage abroad , then what sort of lesion will we be teaching the Iraqis ?
What good is liberating Iraq physically if we cannot do it spiritually as well ?
• " Tyranny of the Atheist Minority " ( World Net Daily , 5/16/2008 ) : A new survey has found that Atheists make up only 1.6 percent of the American population , and they are offended at everything Christian .
Whereas basic Christian teaching is to forgive when offended , these Atheists , when offended , protest , intimidate , threaten and sue to have their beliefs become the law of the land .
This minority forcing its will on the majority fits the classic definition of tyranny .
As our Christian forefathers did in 1776 , we must declare our independence from tyranny , to take back our country from the Atheist Occupied Government and make sure our laws reflect the will of the people - which polling shows is a Christian will .
This is a battle between American democracy and tyranny .
• " Soldier Claims He 's an Atheist , Sues Army Over Harassment " ( The John Birch Society , 4/29/2008 ) : Claiming that his " constitutional right " to be an Atheist is guaranteed by the First Amendment , a soldier got help from an advocacy group known as the Military Religious Freedom Foundation and sued the Army over harassment .
However , the claimed right does not exist without acknowledgement of its source .
And its source , according to the nation 's philosophical base stated very clearly in the Declaration of Independence , is our " Creator . " • " Accusation : Atheists , agnostics , Wiccans keeping Christians from freely practicing faith in military " ( OneNewsNow.com , 1/21/2008 ) : A lawsuit against the US Military from the Orwellianly named " Military Religious Freedom Foundation " , a Militant Atheist organization , that seeks to force the military to become officially Atheist prompted the following : Retired Air Force officer " Buzz " Patterson believes it is the atheists , agnostics , and Wiccans who have too many rights in the military , and who are preventing Christians from freely practicing their faith .
According to Lt. Col.
Patterson , " I would say that the atheists and the agnostics and the Wiccans have too much say in what happens in today 's military . "
He cites the violation of Christian 's rights to pray openly : " I can not lead my men into combat with the prayer to Jesus .
I would like to see the exact opposite thing happen . "
Lt. Col . Patterson calls upon Christians to launch a counter - suit that will allow our military to remain Christian in the face of the Militant Atheist 's anti-Christian persecution .
• " Some Chilling Strategies of Neo-Atheists " ( Crosswalk.com , 2/4/2008 ) :
In this chilling article , noted men's ministry leader , Regis Nicoll , reveals some of the strategies that the Militant Atheist will use to spread his anti-gospel of villainy .
These include :
The old ploy of making false connections between negative consequences and a targeted group ( in this case Christians ) that will result in gulags , crematoria , and mass graves .
Denying parents their right to teach their children the " straight and narrow paths of their own faith " , instead forcing them to be indoctrinated into the Scientific Materialism faith of the National Education Association and National Science Foundation .
Kidnapping children and " de- constructing " ( i.e. brainwashing ) them to be Atheist clones who will do the murderous bidding of a Joseph Kony - esque leader ( only without the Bible or Ten Commandments to keep him in check ) .
brainwashing ) them to be Atheist clones who will do the murderous bidding of a Joseph Kony - esque leader ( only without the Bible or Ten Commandments to keep him in check ) .
Destroying the individual human soul by forcing all people to be connected to a technological " Supermind " that will dissolve the distinctions of thought and personality into a universal , impersonal entity ( following the plans laid out by Militant Atheist writer Arthur C. Clarke ) .
Footnotes :
A bathroom interior in a file photo .
A new Canadian campaign advocating home screening for colorectal cancer could reduce deaths from the disease by catching it early , when it is often asymptomatic but also highly curable .
REUTERS / Ina Fassbender
TORONTO ( Reuters ) -
It might not be pleasant , but it could save your life .
A new Canadian campaign advocating home screening for colorectal cancer could reduce deaths from the disease by catching it early , when it is often asymptomatic but also highly curable .
The Canadian province of Ontario has one of the world ’s highest rates of colorectal cancer , according to the provincial health ministry , and it ’s the second deadliest cancer in the province .
The disease has a 90 - percent cure rate when caught during its early stages but because the cancer is often asymptomatic until it is further progressed , it can be missed .
About 40 percent of the 20,000 Ontarians diagnosed with colon cancer each year will die , said Dr. Philip Branton , scientific director of the Canadian Health Research Institute , in a release .
The disease is also often lethal in the United States , where there are an estimated 150,000 new cases of colon and rectal cancer each year and 50,000 deaths , according to the National Cancer Institute .
The Ontario provincial government recently began promoting home fecal occult tests , a screening tool that tests for blood in the stool , an early but often missed symptom of colorectal cancer .
A similar screening program introduced in parts of the UK halved the number of hospital admissions and deaths from colon cancer in those areas within five years , a study published in the journal Gut showed .
And last week , researchers detailed in the British Medical Journal how a national Finnish colon cancer screening program involving fecal analysis caught 40 percent of colon cancers early .
The term colorectal cancer refers to both cancer of the colon and cancer of the rectum .
It ’s the third most common cancer in the United States .
According to the Canadian Cancer Society , symptoms include changes in bowel habits , bright red or very dark blood in the stool , diarrhea or constipation , narrowed stools , abdominal discomfort , unexplained weight loss , exhaustion and vomiting .
The death rate from colorectal cancer has been dropping over the past few years , partly due to a decrease in the number of cases , according to the American Cancer Society , but also because of the growing use of screening programs that help to catch the disease early .
Fecal occult tests can be self - administered at home .
It involves collecting a small stool sample on three different days and testing for the presence of blood .
Blood in the stool does not usually mean that you have cancer - only about 10 percent of people with a positive fecal occult test are later found to have colorectal cancer , according to Ontario ’s Ministry of Health and Long - Term Care .
But it is one of the symptoms , and the fecal occult test can detect the presence of blood before it ’s visible to the eye .
If the test detects blood in the stool , a follow - up test like a colonoscopy is used to check for colon polyps , or growths , or cancer .
The exam is recommended biannually for those over 50 , or for those with an increased risk of colon cancer , such as people with a first - degree relative who has had the disease or who have had a fecal occult test come back positive .
Studies have shown that the death rate from colorectal cancer is reduced by 16 percent over a decade when colonoscopies are done every two years , according to Ontario ’s provincial health ministry .
Do you get screened regularly for colon cancer ?
Talk to us about it : HealthMatters@reuters.com
Inicia una investigaci�n por presuntas pr�cticas monop�licas en contra de la empresa , a petici�n de la regiomontana Bokados
Ciudad de M�xico | Lunes 16 de febrero de 2009
Ramiro Alonso | El Universal
18:25
The Colbert Report , author of a popular biology textbook and of the somewhat troublesome -- if much acclaimed --
I have met Ken several times before , and I think he is one of the most effective advocates for the teaching of evolution , as well as an excellent critic of intelligent design .
He is energetic , quick witted , and personally likable .
Still , we have our disagreements , which were evident during the panel discussion , and which we explored further -- in the amicable spirit of inquiry -- afterwards at dinner .
Ken started his presentation with the same clear thinking and powerful impact on the audience that the first part of his book displays : he quickly summarized the reasons why intelligent design is not science , why it is no threat to the theory of evolution , and why therefore the latter but not the former should be taught in public schools .
But then he changed pace -- just like in the book -- and proposed a muddied concept of evolution as an intrinsic property of the universe , bound to produce beings like us .
He was trying to counter what he sees as the real crux of the problem within the context of the creationism - evolution controversy : it 's not that people care about the science , it 's that they do n't want to be the result of an accident of history , from which they derive the ( non- sequitur ) conclusion that there would be no meaning in their life .
But how is this view different from intelligent design , I asked Ken ?
During his presentation at the panel and while reading his book I had the distinct impression that he forcefully , and effectively , refuted Michael Behe - like arguments from " irreducible complexity " only to look a few levels down , to the quantum world and the basic laws of physics , to find the same God that Behe ( a Catholic , like Miller ) is content to find at the level of biomolecules .
( Behe 's argument itself is just a new version of the old William Paley one from the early 19th century , except that Paley did n't know about bacterial flagella and looked for God in the complex structure of the human eye . )
After quite a bit of engaging back and forth ( at dinner ) I got the following response from Ken : well , the arguments may be similar , but it is the intention that is different .
According to him , Behe tries to prove the existence of a designer through ( alleged ) irreducible complexity , while Miller contents himself with deploying what he admitted to be a form of the anthropic principle to merely show that the existence of God is not logically incompatible with science .
This comes perilously closed to drawing a distinction without a difference , but I do see the subtle difference ( again , in intention , not argument ) that Ken is attempting to make .
I am traveling back from Brown University ( on Amtrak 's Acela Express train , ah , the civilization of the Northeast ! ) , where I participated in a panel discussion on evolution and religion together with Ed Larson ( Pepperdine University , author of the Pulitzer winning Summer for the Gods on the Scopes trial ) , art historian Mary Bergstein ( Rhode Island School for Design ) , and Brown 's own Ken Miller , twice guest on , author of a popular biology textbook and of the somewhat troublesome -- if much acclaimed -- Finding Darwin's God I have met Ken several times before , and I think he is one of the most effective advocates for the teaching of evolution , as well as an excellent critic of intelligent design .
He is energetic , quick witted , and personally likable .
Still , we have our disagreements , which were evident during the panel discussion , and which we explored further -- in the amicable spirit of inquiry -- afterwards at dinner .
Ken started his presentation with the same clear thinking and powerful impact on the audience that the first part of his book displays : he quickly summarized the reasons why intelligent design is not science , why it is no threat to the theory of evolution , and why therefore the latter but not the former should be taught in public schools .
But then he changed pace -- just like in the book -- and proposed a muddied concept of evolution as an intrinsic property of the universe , bound to produce beings like us .
He was trying to counter what he sees as the real crux of the problem within the context of the creationism - evolution controversy : it 's not that people care about the science , it 's that they do n't want to be the result of an accident of history , from which they derive the ( non- sequitur ) conclusion that there would be no meaning in their life .
But how is this view different from intelligent design , I asked Ken ?
During his presentation at the panel and while reading his book I had the distinct impression that he forcefully , and effectively , refuted Michael Behe - like arguments from " irreducible complexity " only to look a few levels down , to the quantum world and the basic laws of physics , to find the same God that Behe ( a Catholic , like Miller ) is content to find at the level of biomolecules .
( Behe 's argument itself is just a new version of the old William Paley one from the early 19th century , except that Paley did n't know about bacterial flagella and looked for God in the complex structure of the human eye . )
After quite a bit of engaging back and forth ( at dinner ) I got the following response from Ken : well , the arguments may be similar , but it is thethat is different .
According to him , Behe tries to prove the existence of a designer through ( alleged ) irreducible complexity , while Miller contents himself with deploying what he admitted to be a form of the anthropic principle to merely show that the existence of God is not logically incompatible with science .
This comes perilously closed to drawing a distinction without a difference , but I do see the subtle difference ( again , in intention , not argument ) that Ken is attempting to make .
Since there is no empirical way to discriminate among the three ( or four ) possibilities , Ken said , he feels justified in picking the one that has more meaning for him .
( How he gets Jesus , the Virgin Mary and all the rest from that , of course , is another matter .
When I asked him why he believes those things rather than , say , the tales about the Olympian Gods , he replied that the latter are clearly a human - made cultural tradition .
As if the Gospels or the Old Testament were in any way different . )
But , I pointed out , those alternatives -- even though empirically indistinguishable ( at least at the moment ) -- are not , so to speak , created equal .
The latter two ( or three , if you include string theory ) are naturalistic and they do not pose anything other than nature to be operating in the universe .
The first one , on the contrary , immediately begs the question of where the designer came from , how s/he operates and what his intentions are .
( Another point of controversy during the panel was that Ken presented evolution as a beautiful mechanism that produces stunningly compelling outcomes , to which I retorted that he was then facing the well known problem from evolutionary evil : natural selection is wasteful , it kills , it causes extinction , and it does so with the huge suffering of many parties involved .
Is n't the designer responsible for these outcomes of his " beautiful " mechanism as well ? )
This exchange highlights how difficult it is to find a working model for a positive relationship between science and religion .
As is well known to readers of this blog , I do n't go for Dawkins - Hitchens - like strident atheism , though I certainly am an atheist and proud of it .
I also do n't go for Stephen Gould 's famous " non-overlapping magisteria , " which naively divides the sphere of influence of science and religion ( respectively , facts and values ) , a philosophically untenable position ( the sharpness of the fact / value distinction has been increasingly questioned in philosophy ) and one that simply misses the point of the controversy ( it is precisely because so many people insist in using their Bibles as science textbooks -- thereby crossing Gould 's separation line -- that we have a problem ) .
The more I think about it , the more I agree with Eugenie Scott of the He then proceeded to explain to me that there are essentially three ways to account for the uncanny set of physical constants that make our universe ( and life in it ) possible : a ) it is the result of a willful creator ; b ) it was chance , we got lucky ; c ) it is just one instantiation of an infinite number of " multiverses , " the multiple endlessly splitting universes that result from a particular interpretation of quantum mechanics .
( There actually is at least a fourth alternative , stemming from some versions of string theory , according to which the universal constants simply had to be this way , and they are not a random sample from an infinite universe of possibilities . )
Since there is no empirical way to discriminate among the three ( or four ) possibilities , Ken said , he feels justified in picking the one that has more meaning for him .
( How he gets Jesus , the Virgin Mary and all the rest from that , of course , is another matter .
When I asked him why he believes those things rather than , say , the tales about the Olympian Gods , he replied that the latter are clearly a human - made cultural tradition .
As if the Gospels or the Old Testament were in any way different . )
But , I pointed out , those alternatives -- even though empirically indistinguishable ( at least at the moment ) -- are not , so to speak , created equal .
The latter two ( or three , if you include string theory ) are naturalistic and they do not pose anything other than nature to be operating in the universe .
The first one , on the contrary , immediately begs the question of where the designer came from , how s/he operates and what his intentions are .
( Another point of controversy during the panel was that Ken presented evolution as a beautiful mechanism that produces stunningly compelling outcomes , to which I retorted that he was then facing the well known problem from evolutionary evil : natural selection is wasteful , it kills , it causes extinction , and it does so with the huge suffering of many parties involved .
Is n't the designer responsible for these outcomes of his " beautiful " mechanism as well ? )
This exchange highlights how difficult it is to find a working model for a positive relationship between science and religion .
As is well known to readers of this blog , I do n't go for Dawkins - Hitchens - like strident atheism , though I certainly am an atheist and proud of it .
I also do n't go for Stephen Gould 's famous " non-overlapping magisteria , " which naively divides the sphere of influence of science and religion ( respectively , facts and values ) , a philosophically untenable position ( the sharpness of the fact / value distinction has been increasingly questioned in philosophy ) and one that simply misses the point of the controversy ( it is precisely because so many people insist in using their Bibles as science textbooks -- thereby crossing Gould 's separation line -- that we have a problem ) .
The more I think about it , the more I agree with Eugenie Scott of the National Center for Science Education .
She is an atheist , and her atheism is informed ( though likely not solely determined ) by her understanding of science .
Yet , she knows that an all out science vs. religion war would n't be good for science , religion , or society ( we 've tried that , for hundreds of years ) .
So I think the best that we can do is to come together with moderate religionists to further a common agenda of education and religious freedom ( including the freedom to be openly atheistic ) .
But this is an uncomfortable alliance because of the fundamental difference between the two worldviews , best summarized by physicist Richard Feynman in The Meaning of It All : " I do believe that there is a conflict between science and religion ... the spirit or attitude toward the facts is different in religion from what it is in science .
The uncertainty that is necessary in order to appreciate nature is not easily correlated with the feeling of certainty in faith . "
Amen .
The marionberry is a hybrid blackberry grown largely in Oregon
A proposal to name the marionberry as the official berry of the US west coast state of Oregon has been scuppered by a grower of a rival berry type .
The Oregonian newspaper said the resolution was removed from the state legislature 's agenda at the request of a blackberry farmer , Larry Duyck .
Raspberry , blueberry and strawberry growers had all supported the proposal .
But Mr Duyck was worried that the marionberry would be given an unfair edge over his type of blackberries .
Oregon 's Marion County accounts for 90 % of the world 's marionberry crop , the Oregonian reported .
Marionberries make up half of all blackberry production in Oregon .
" It would be like if the state of Oregon declared the Chevrolet its car , " said Mr Duyck , who grows kotata blackberries .
" What does that do to the other automakers ? "
The Oregon Raspberry and Blackberry Commission withdrew its support for the legislation , not wanting to upset Mr Duyck , the Oregonian reported .
Republican Vicki Berger , who spearheaded the proposal , said she would not pursue the issue .
" In this climate of serious issues , I am not going to go to bat over internal disputes in the berry community , " Ms Berger said .
" One would think this would be easy , " she added .
" Nothing in this process is easy .
Ever . "
… if they interviewed them the way they interview developers :
1 . What ’s ROI stand for ?
Have you ever used this concept ?
2 . What is an MBO ?
Give an example .
3 . Name three ways a PERT chart differs from a Gantt chart .
4 . If you had to explain it to a junior manager , how would you describe what “ venture capital ” does ?
5. Define “ delegation ” .
How does it differ from “ assignment ” ?
6 . What are all the ways a company could raise capital ?
The point here is n’t that the questions are easy , though many are .
It ’s that they are n’t tests of managerial skill ; they ’re pop quizzes on management theory .
Surely what you ’re really interested in is n’t whether someone can define the buzzwords the same way the books do ; it ’s what they ’ve done and whether it worked .
以前Netbookの話を取り上げたが、元々私が個人的に注目していたのは、Netbookそのものの可否よりもNetbookがGNU/Linuxデスクトップのコンシューマ市場へ本格的に進出する起爆剤になるかどうかであった。現状のNetbookの貧弱な処理能力ではWindows Vistaは重いし、かといってXPはもう古い。そこでGNU/Linuxの出番ということになる。
しかし、ちょっと前 のLaptop Magazineの記事によると、やや失望させられる結果が出てきているようだ。有力なNetbookブランドの一つMSI Windでは 、Linuxモデル はWindows XPの4倍返品率が高いと言うのである。
まあ、4倍高いと言われてもそれが80%対20%なのか0.4%対0.1%なのか分からないし、あるいはLinuxモデルのほうがXPモデルの4倍以上売上が多いのかもしれないし(これはありえないか)、何とも言えないのであるが、多くのユーザはただ安いということでGNU/Linuxモデルを選択したのだろうから、Windowsとの違いに面食らってすぐ返品するというのも大いにありうる話だ。ただ、ASUSはASUSで曖昧ながら自社のGNU/LinuxモデルとXPモデルの返品率には大した違いはないというようなことを述べていて、どうもよく分からない。
GNU / Linuxの名誉のために一応付け加えておけば、これらのGNU/Linux搭載Netbookにおいてそもそもきちんとした品質保証作業が行われていたかどうかは疑わしい。Ars Technicaの記事によれば、それなりにきちんとした有力ディストリビューションであるSUSE
Linux Enterprise Desktop やUbuntuを積んだNetbookであっても、ウェブカメラや無線LANがきちんと動かないなどの問題があるそうだ。外付けならともかく、出荷時に内蔵されているものが動かないというのは私などには信じられないことなのだが、いくらコスト削減のためだからと言って出荷前にチェックしたり外部テスターを頼んだりはしないものだろうか。私なら一台くれれば喜んでやるのに…。
こうした言語道断なバグやリリース時期の問題などの他に、私たち開発者が反省しなければならない点もある。同じArs Technicaの記事が指摘するように、「経験豊富なLinuxユーザは容易に回避するか見過ごしてしまうが、Windows等から切り替えたばかりの人たちにとっては大変なでこぼこ道を作りだしてしまうような多くの問題」が多数存在するらしいのだ。例えば、何かソフトウェアをインストールしたいという場合、それなりのDebianユーザであれば普通はaptiudeなりsynapticなりを起動してパッケージを探すものだろうが、多くのユーザはそもそもそうすれば良いということが分からない。よって、彼らはGoogleでソフトウェア名を検索し、SourceForgeのようなそのソフトウェアの開発ウェブサイトに直接向かってしまう。そして往々にして古かったりいい加減な作りである独自パッケージを見つけて入れてしまったり、あるいはソースコードとビルド方法を見て、さっぱり分からずどうしたら良いかと途方にくれるというのである。これなどは私にとっては全く予想外なことで、それこそ「武藤健志さんの本を読め」とでも言いたくなってしまうのだが、しかしこうしたあたりから一つ一つ潰していかないとなかなかWindowsやMacと同じ土俵では戦えないということなのだろう。当たり前のことだが、住み慣れた世界が違うと、見えるものも見えなくなってしまうのだ。
ようするに、私たちはあまりにもユーザを知らなさすぎるということなのである。だからGNU/Linuxはなかなかマスにまで普及しないのだ。問題というのは、そこに問題があるということさえ分かれば基本的に解決は難しくない。一番解決が難しいのは、そもそもそこに問題があるということが分からないというケースである。開発者には問題が見えず、問題に苦しめられている側は問題の内容や、そもそも問題が存在するということを説明できない。こうして何となく不満が溜まっていく。これはいかにも残念なことだ。
まあ、ユーザは身銭を切ってお買いになるわけで、出来が悪ければ返品するというのは全く妥当なことだけれども、できればその前にバグ報告を出していただければ、とも思うのである。たまにブログや2chに書いたという方もおられるが、そんなところに書かれても普通の開発者は見にいかないので…。Free Software Magazineの記事ではないが、クリスマスにはパーティやゲームもいいけれど、バグ報告や(ご自分の体験をまとめた)チュートリアルの執筆など、いかがでしょう。
Skier Has A Wardrobe Malfunction ( PHOTOS )
In a bizarre incident that occurred in Vail , Colorado on January 1 , 2009 , a man was riding a chairlift when he fell through a gap in the seat .
The 48 year old 's bare butt was left exposed for all to see .
How did this happen ?
The Vail Ski Patrol believes that the fold - down seat may not have been in the correct position , with a larger than normal gap exposed .
The man fell through the space and his right ski got jammed in the lift , leaving him dangling upside down .
The unfortunate aspect of this fiasco was the fact that the man 's pants got stuck in the chair and were peeled away during his fall .
He was left exposed to the elements until he could be lowered to the ground and dislodged from the chairlift .
The lift was stopped shortly after the botched boarding attempt but it took workers about 15 minutes to rescue the man .
A professional photographer , off duty at the time , captured the scene as it unfolded and has been suspended by his employer Sharpshooters .
Marty Odom said , " I was out on my own with my own camera , so I did n't think it was a big deal .
I thought it was going to be the photo of the New Year .
I guess it embarrassed Vail Resorts , and they called my shop . "
More photos below .
A Long Island man accused of running a multi-million dollar Ponzi scheme is now a wanted man .
Nicholas Cosmo is the founding president of Agape World Investments , and late Monday afternoon , a warrant was issued for his arrest .
On Friday , Cosmo received a police escort from the office after more than 20 investors showed up there , demanding information about their accounts .
Cosmo was convicted of felony fraud in 1999 and sentenced to 21 months in prison .
He was released the following year .
Shaken Investor " Scared " About His Savings
Shaken investors Monday rushed to the offices of Agape World Inc. in Hauppauge and Jackson Heights , worried that their life savings may be lost .
Federal investigators armed with a warrant began to search the Agape offices Monday afternoon .
Officials are looking into whether the investments were lost due to fraud -- perhaps a Ponzi scheme -- which could reach into the hundreds of millions of dollars , sources said .
Agape World CEO
Nicholas
Cosmo told some investors on Friday that all payouts are suspended because real - estate deals the firm backed are facing foreclosure .
One investor , airplane machinist Carlos Leon , said he went to Agape 's office on 37th Avenue , only to find it closed .
" I 'm scared , " said Leon , who added that he invested his $ 30,000 in life savings with the firm .
" I 've been calling .
They are not telling me anything . "
Numerous other investors were at the Hauppauge offices .
One who did not wish to be named said he lost thousands of dollars .
He said a friend had mortgaged his house and invested some of the money hoping to earn interest with Agape .
Earlier , one investor screamed through the locked , glass doors to " stand up for your money . "
Construction worker Greg Corey also is voicing concern .
He said he and relatives may have lost tens of thousands of dollars in life savings .
US Postal Inspectors and FBI agents now are working with federal prosecutors to try to sort out what might have happened in this case .
Calls to the firm for comment were not returned .
On Friday , Suffolk County Police were called to the Agape office along Motor Parkway because some angry investors would not leave the building .
According to one report , an investor even punched Cosmo , although a police spokesman said he cannot confirm such a claim .
Agape said it specializes in short - term loans to builders , paying a high interest rate to those who invest .
Investor Leon said he paid $ 600 to Agape for insurance on his investment , but now wonders whether any of his funds can be recovered .
Spokesmen for the FBI , Postal Inspectors and US Attorneys office declined comment as the investigation continues .
Why are the buttons where they are instead of where I want them to be ?
What 's up with bookmarks ?
Why does the Google Chrome UI look and operate the way it does ?
These are probably questions that some , many or even all you have about Google Chrome .
We explained how we came to some of those decisions in a previous post
To provide some more insight into this process , I should explain what we mean by " data . "
The data we turn to is both quantitative and qualitative .
Usage logs provide statistics such how many users have tried a feature and how frequently a feature gets used .
These logs are collected only from people who have chosen to share usage statistics with us .
This quantitative data tells us the " how " and the " when " but not the " why . "
For that , we use qualitative data gathered through research methods like surveys , interviews and contextual inquiry which involves observing people in their home or work environments .
Often we bring people to one of our usability labs where we can observe their interactions and collect feedback on a new feature we are working on .
Many times we employ an eye tracker where we can find out what exactly people are looking at on our user interface .
By incorporating data from all these sources into our design process , we hope to provide a user experience that satisfies the needs of the many Google Chrome users out there .
Archived content Archive date : 2019-08 - 20
This content is no longer being updated or maintained .
The content is provided “ as is . ”
Given the rapid evolution of technology , some content , steps , or illustrations may have changed .
This content is no longer being updated or maintained .
The content is provided “ as is . ”
Given the rapid evolution of technology , some content , steps , or illustrations may have changed .
Lua is a small scripting language .
How small ?
Lua uses a custom pattern - matching feature , rather than POSIX regular expressions , because a complete regular expression implementation is substantially larger than all the standard Lua libraries put together ; the much simpler string matching provided by Lua , while not quite as powerful , is a fraction of the size .
Lua variables are not strongly typed ; you can check the type of a value , but there is nothing preventing a variable ’s type from changing over time .
Both of these choices are good fits for a scripting language .
Lua ’s type system is reasonably simple , but quite flexible .
Arrays and associative arrays are combined into a single type , called tables .
Strings , numbers ( floating point only ) , booleans , and the special nil type are basic types .
Perhaps more interestingly , functions are also a basic type .
You can assign functions to variables as easily as any other type ; there is no special syntax .
Additional support exists for custom userdata objects , which can be defined by developers to handle types beyond those of the basic system .
One of the biggest surprises for programmers coming from other languages is that , in Lua , only false and nil are considered false ; any object of a non -boolean type is always considered true in tests .
While this behavior can surprise people who are used to C idioms , such as using 1 and 0 for true and false , it is easy to adapt to .
Lua is written in portable C . It can also be used with C++ , but the core language is extremely portable ; while there are a few features that require host features , Lua runs fine without platform dependencies .
There is no huge suite of autoconf tests ; Lua sticks to the standard .
Lua is distributed under the MIT license , and is completely free for any use , including commercial use .
( This is perhaps a reason why many programmers have felt free to incorporate it in applications . )
Why embed a language ?
Embedding a scripting language offers a number of advantages .
I ’ll use the example that got me started on Lua : Blizzard ’s massively - multiplayer online RPG , World of Warcraft ( WoW ) .
The user interface for WoW is implemented entirely in Lua ; the developers provided a few fundamental API calls to actually interact with the rendering engine and request data about the world , then used Lua for the core of the user interface code .
This makes it much easier for the user interface code to be sandboxed nicely away from the guts of the game , improving security and reliability .
And that , in turn , means that Blizzard has been able to open the user interface up to players , allowing players to write custom code to change the way they interact with the game .
In general , scripting languages are easier to work in for many kinds of tasks than lower - level languages .
A garbage - collected language with implicit allocation and associative arrays often lends itself to simpler code that is developed faster .
It may not run faster , but in many cases , that ’s not an issue ; user interfaces , for instance , only have to run faster than the user can type or mouse .
There are a couple of ways to use a scripting language .
The first and simplest is to use it to control the behavior of a program , treating the C code as an implementation detail of a program that is really written in Lua .
The second is to write a program primarily in C , then use embedded Lua as a way to store and report data and configuration .
The third , and most flexible , is to mix and match these approaches , using Lua to script some actions , and code in C to manage others .
The simple interface between Lua and C encourages approaches like this .
Writing an engine
Writing an engine for a program that will primarily be written in Lua makes sense if the primary use of CPU time is embedded in individual operations , and the top - level control is relatively lightweight .
This helps separate implementation details from the high - level design .
Implementing the core logic of a program in Lua , rather than in C , might well dramatically reduce development time .
For this type of design , you ’d expect most of your Lua - to - C interface to consist of defining C functions to be called from Lua , with the expectation that once you start executing the script , all future use of your C code will be calls from the script .
Scriptable configuration files
Every programmer I know has written at least one piece of code that did nothing but try to store configuration values in a file , and restore those values later .
( Of the ones I ’ve used , Apple ’s property lists are probably my favorite . )
However , an embedded scripting language can be used as the format for such files , giving users a spectacular array of configuration options .
The Ion window manager uses Lua for its configuration files , allowing users to write powerful and flexible configurations .
What makes this excellent for users is that they are no longer restricted to simple assignments of values ; configuration files expressed as Lua can have comments , conditionals , and more .
You can provide a limited API for acquiring data that might influence configuration choices .
Mixing and matching
It ’s quite possible to bounce back and forth between Lua and C , as the Lua interpreter is reentrant .
If your C program invokes the Lua interpreter on a script , which calls a C function , which then uses the Lua interpreter again , that ’s okay .
World of Warcraft uses essentially this model for its user interface ; Lua calls in the user interface can make calls back into the engine , and the engine delivers events to user interface code that was written in Lua .
The result is a flexible interface with good separation and security , which gives users a great deal of room to do things with little risk that they will trigger buffer overruns in the application or cause crashes .
In a C - based API , embedded code would almost certainly be able to cause a crash ; using the Lua interface , if user interface code can cause a crash , there is a bug that ought to get fixed .
Building and using Lua
Building Lua is easy ; you just run make < platform > ; you can fall back on posix or even ansi if you do n’t want to rely on platform - specific features .
The build produces a library , liblua.a , which you can link into programs .
Congratulations !
You ’ve embedded Lua .
Of course , actually using it takes a little more work .
Lua ’s reentrancy comes from keeping all interpreter state in an object ; there can be multiple interpreters , which do not share variables , and there are no global items shared between them .
To interact with Lua , you must start by creating a Lua state :
lua_State * l ; l = lua_open ( ) ;
If the lua_open ( ) call fails , it returns a null pointer .
Otherwise , you have a valid Lua interpreter state .
Of course , without libraries it ’s not much good to you .
You can add the standard libraries to it with the luaL_openlibs ( ) function :
luaL_openlibs(l ) ;
The Lua state is now ready to execute code .
Here ’s a sample loop for a program that simply executes its arguments as Lua code :
Listing 1 . Executing arguments as Lua code
for ( i = 1 ; i < argc ; ++i ) { if ( luaL_loadbuffer ( l , argv[ i ] , strlen ( argv[ i ] ) , " argument " ) ) { fprintf ( stderr , " lua could n't parse ' %s ' : %s .
" , argv[i ] , lua_tostring ( l , - 1 ) ) ; lua_pop( l , 1 ) ; } else { if ( lua_pcall(l , 0 , 1 , 0 ) ) { fprintf ( stderr , " lua could n't execute ' %s ' : %s .
" , argv[i ] , lua_tostring ( l , - 1 ) ) ; lua_pop( l , 1 ) ; } else { lua_pop ( l , lua_gettop ( l ) ) ; } } } Show more
Show more icon
The luaL_loadbuffer ( ) function compiles a script into Lua code ; if there is a syntax error , this is where the failure is observed .
The error message is returned on the stack .
Otherwise , the compiled code can be executed using the lua_pcall ( ) function .
Again , if there is an error , it is returned on the stack .
Note that every C language call to or about Lua takes a Lua state as an argument ; there is no default state .
Understanding the Lua stack
The Lua interpreter uses a stack interface to communicate with calling code .
Data being sent to Lua code are pushed on the stack by the C code ; responses from the Lua interpreter are also pushed on the stack .
If the code passed to luaL_loadbuffer ( ) is invalid , the error message is pushed on the stack .
Items on the stack have types and values .
The lua_type ( ) function queries the type of an object ; the lua_to < type > ( ) functions ( such as lua_tostring ( ) ) yield values coerced into particular C types .
Code written in Lua always strictly obeys the stack model ; C code , however , can poke around on the rest of the stack , or even insert values in the stack .
This interface is simple but surprisingly powerful .
Code to be executed is not treated differently ; it is simply pushed on the stack , to be executed by the lua_pcall ( ) function .
Using lua_pcall ( )
The lua_pcall ( ) function takes three arguments other than the Lua state it is to operate on .
The code to execute is not one of these arguments ; the code is pushed on the stack by luaL_loadbuffer ( ) or by another function which obtains code .
Instead , lua_pcall ( ) takes as arguments the number of stack arguments to pass to the code it is about to execute , the number of results to expect back , and optionally an error handler .
To call a function , you push first the function , then the arguments it will take ( in order ) .
Arguments returned are pushed in the same order ; the first returned value is at the bottom , and the last returned value is at the top .
Both for sending arguments and obtaining return values , Lua silently corrects the number of values to match the numbers passed to lua_pcall ( ) ; if not enough values are provided , the remainder are filled in with nil values , and if there are extras , they are silently discarded .
( This is the same as Lua ’s behavior on multiple assignment operations . )
The error handler , if one is provided , is the index on the stack of the Lua code to handle any errors that occur .
For this overview article , I ’m going to omit detailed discussion of error handling ; what ’s important to know first is that there is error handling , and second that it ’s done in Lua .
This turns out to be very handy .
Embedding C in Lua
Writing functions in C to be used by Lua is surprisingly easy .
If you ’ve ever written code for embedding in another scripting language , you ’ll probably find this sort of shocking .
Here ’s a C function which , given a number x , returns x + 1 :
Listing 2 . C function to be used by Lua
int l_ink ( lua_State * L ) { int x ; if ( lua_gettop ( L ) >=
0 ) { x = ( int ) lua_tonumber ( L , - 1 ) ; lua_pushnumber ( L , x + 1 ) ; } return 1 ; } Show more Show more icon
The function is called with a Lua state argument ; once again , all interaction between C and Lua occurs through the stack of the Lua state .
The return value is the number of objects the function pushed on the stack .
To make this function available to Lua , you must do two things ; the first is to create a Lua object representing this function , and the second is to give it a name :
lua_pushcfunction( L , l_ink ) ; lua_setglobal ( L , " ink " ) ;
You use lua_pushcfunction ( ) to convert a C function pointer into an internal Lua object .
This object , of course , is pushed on the stack .
The lua_setglobal ( ) function then assigns the top value on the stack to a named global variable .
Because functions are just values in Lua , this creates a callable function .
The stack interface dramatically simplifies this ; there is no need to define or declare the arguments that the function takes .
It would n’t matter ; Lua is very flexible about how code gets called .
You can , however , check some things more carefully if you want .
The luaL_checknumber ( ) function can also be used to check arguments , printing an informative error message and aborting execution of the function .
Making good use of embedded scripting
The simplicity of embedding Lua in code in other languages ( but especially C ) makes it an easy target for substantially improving the functionality of programs in other languages .
This is a real and viable alternative to inventing your own configuration language , or writing your own expression parser .
A few things may surprise people used to working with much larger scripting languages .
The first is that the cost of setting up a Lua interpreter is very small ; if you want to run something in a sandbox , go right ahead and do it .
Lua ’s got a lot of security features I have n’t touched on , but you should be aware that it ’s quite possible to do effective sandboxing even within a single Lua state .
Functions that simply return data about the state of your program make a wonderful tool for configuration scripts and data .
If you want to start writing some top - level logic in Lua , though , it ’s very easy and efficient to do so .
While many scripting languages grudgingly accept the need to work closely with code in other languages , Lua is probably the clearest example of a language entirely designed to work closely with other languages .
Addressing the subject of torture at the military prison in Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , Mr. Holder told Senator Patrick J. Leahy of Vermont , the committee chairman , “ Waterboarding is torture . ”
It was so defined under the Spanish Inquisition and when used by the Japanese in World War II , he said , and it remains so today .
President - elect Barack Obama has vowed to close the prison , a goal Mr. Holder said he shared .
“ There are possibly many other people who are not going to be able to be tried but who nevertheless are dangerous to this country , ” he said .
“ We ’re going to have to try to figure out what to do with them . ”
Asked whether a president might have the power to immunize people against criminal charges if they employ waterboarding , which creates a drowning - like sensation , to obtain intelligence to use against terrorists , Mr. Holder answered unambiguously : “ Mr. Chairman , no one is above the law . ”
Crawford , a retired judge who served as general counsel for the Army during the Reagan administration and as Pentagon inspector general when Dick Cheney was secretary of defense , is the first senior Bush administration official responsible for reviewing practices at Guantanamo to publicly state that a detainee was tortured .
... " For 160 days his only contact was with the interrogators , " said Crawford , who personally reviewed Qahtani 's interrogation records and other military documents .
" Forty - eight of 54 consecutive days of 18 - to - 20 - hour interrogations .
Standing naked in front of a female agent .
Subject to strip searches .
And insults to his mother and sister . "
At one point he was threatened with a military working dog named Zeus , according to a military report .
Qahtani " was forced to wear a woman 's bra and had a thong placed on his head during the course of his interrogation " and " was told that his mother and sister were whores . "
With a leash tied to his chains , he was led around the room " and forced to perform a series of dog tricks , " the report shows .
The interrogation , portions of which have been previously described by other news organizations , including the Washington Post , was so intense that Qahtani had to be hospitalized twice at Guantanamo with bradycardia , a condition in which the heart rate falls below 60 beats a minute and which in extreme cases can lead to heart failure and death .
At one point Qahtani 's heart rate dropped to 35 beats per minute , the record shows .
I do n't have an illusions about Bush and Cheney being shipped off to the Hague for a war crimes trial -- let alone seeing them tried for their criminal regime here in America .
But I was actually shocked at the inescapable implications of Eric Holder 's testimony in front of the Senate Judiciary Committee yesterday .
He was unequivocal about his belief -- which is in sync with the rest of humanity 's -- that waterboarding is torture
And the implication that I 'm referring to is that Holder is now obligated , under binding treaties , to file charges against Bush as a war criminal .
Obligated .
Under the 1984 Torture Convention , all signatories -- and one is the United States -- are under an obligation to " ensure that all acts of torture are offences under its criminal law . "
The U.S. has agreed to take any person alleged to have committed torture ( or been complicit or participated in an act of torture ) who is present in their territories into custody .
There are , especially not for heads of state .
I 'd bet the house that Holder wo n't , of course .
But that makes him -- even before being sworn in -- an accomplice in Bush 's criminality after the fact .
The hypocrites on the Committee , particularly the trash - talking windbag , Snarlin ' Arlen Specter ( R - PA ) , would rather dredge up gossip and ignorant innuendo about President Clinton 's pardon of Marc Rich than delve into serious matters that could embarrass himself and his senatorial colleagues -- on both sides of the aisle -- who acquiesced to the Bush - Cheney torture regime over the past 8 years .
In Geneva , in the spring of 2006 , the State Department ’s top legal adviser , John B. Bellinger III , told the U.N. Committee Against Torture that there have been “ relatively few actual cases of abuse and wrongdoing ” by U.S. personnel , and that these isolated cases do not reflect widespread abuses .
He asked the international committee to “ keep a sense of proportion and perspective ...
Allegations about U.S. military or intelligence activities have become so hyperbolic as to be absurd , " he claimed , somewhat disingenuously .
" Critics will now accept virtually any speculation and rumor and circulate them as fact .
” Honey dripping from his mouth , Bellinger trumpetted the Bush Regime 's " absolute commitment to upholding our national and international obligations to eradicate torture and to prevent cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment worldwide ” and he claimed -- with a straight face -- that Bush has made clear that “ freedom from torture is an inalienable human right . ”
Bush ?
The one who now is working overtime to excuse his own direct participation in activities that clearly violate solemn American treaty obligations to not torture prisoners ?
In yesterday 's Eric Etheridge speculated that after Pentagon official Susan Crawford has determined that at least one detainee , Mohammed al - Qahtani , was tortured , Obama can no longer just let bygones be bygones on this matter .
On Wednesday , Dahlia Lithwick and Phillipe Sands made the case at Slate that Crawford 's statements are a game - changer for Obama 's incoming Adminsitration , which , at all costs , wants to avoid , putting any energy into holding Bush accountable for his criminal behavior .
They can " no longer hide behind parsing the language of the Geneva Conventions and the torture statute .
"
It is now imperative that a Special Prosecutor , someone of the stature of Patrick Fitzgerald , be appointed to do an unbiased and systematic investigation into the Bush torture policies .
As Glenn Greenwald points out , it would be illegal to not prosecute Bush .
Still time to vote your feelings about Bush .
So far :
Labels : crime and punishment , Eric Holder , torture , war crimes
