Component comparison between the iPhone and the Palm Pre .
Hardware - wise , the Palm Pre is very impressive .
Our only hardware complaint was the physical keyboard , although some people may appreciate the hardware keyboard .
The Pre logic board is substantially smaller than the iPhone logic board , which is very impressive considering how renowned Apple 's engineers are for shrinking hardware footprints .
It 's amazing the difference a year can make .
In general , this Palm hardware reminds us a lot more of Apple 's engineering style than any of hardware we 've taken apart by other manufacturers ( like Dell ) .
( Fortune Small Business ) -- New Belgium Brewing Co. likes to do things differently .
After one year of work , each employee receives an ownership stake in the company and a free custom bicycle .
After five years every employee enjoys an all - expenses - paid trip to Belgium -- the country whose centuries - old beer tradition serves as a model for the Fort Collins , Colo . , brewery .
Oh yeah , and employees get two free six - packs of beer a week .
" There 's something wrong if making beer can't be fun , " says CEO Kim Jordan , who co-founded the company with her husband , Jeff Lebesch , in 1991 ( he retired a decade later ) .
The perks are n't just for fun , though .
Each one is an expression of the company 's ethos .
The free bikes help the environment .
The trips to Belgium commemorate Lebesch 's bicycle tour of that country 's breweries in 1989 -- the original inspiration for the company , now the third largest craft brewery and the eighth largest overall in the U.S .
" Operating a business in a way that is consistent with your values is particularly pleasing , " says Jordan , 50 .
Those values include employee ownership .
Workers own 33 % of New Belgium , which has 320 employees and posted $ 93 million in revenue last year .
A large proportion of the staff participates in strategic planning and budgeting .
" People are engaged and committed , " Jordan adds .
But that kind of team decision - making is difficult for some .
" Managers here need to inform people about decisions before making them , " says Jennifer Orgolini , 40 , New Belgium 's sustainability director .
" That 's the hardest part of adjusting to the culture . "
There are other downsides .
Some workers " get sucked into an entitlement mentality , " Jordan says , citing a staffer who asked to borrow a company car to go on vacation .
( The employee was politely told no . )
" Ownership investment gives the company a sense of cohesion , but giving everyone ownership can undermine the hierarchy , " says Ben Dattner , an organizational psychologist and principal of Dattner Consulting in New York City .
" It can get chaotic . "
The recession has led New Belgium to cut back on some benefits .
Annual raises have shrunk from between 7 % and 8 % to 4 % , and limits have been imposed on expensable lunches .
And until recently workers were allowed to take a full case of beer home each week .
That last cutback was hard to take .
" It was a bit of an adjustment , " says Orgolini .
" It 's hard to change what people have gotten used to . "
Talk back :
Tell us how your company motivates its staff .
To write a note to the editor about this article , click here
PADUCAH , Kentucky ( CNN ) --
The aunt of former U.S. soldier Steven Green told jurors tearfully Monday that " We did not send a rapist and murderer to Iraq " as defense lawyers worked to save her nephew from a death sentence .
Former U.S. soldier Steven Green has been convicted of raping and killing a 14 - year - old Iraqi girl .
Patty Ruth , a Texas elementary school principal , told a civilian jury about Green 's childhood as a reader who loved to be hugged by relatives .
" I do not know how we got to this spot , " Ruth said in emotional testimony .
" I do not know how this happened . "
Green was convicted last week in U.S. District Court in Kentucky of murder , rape , conspiracy and obstruction of justice in connection with a 2006 rape - and - murder south of Baghdad .
A jury found him guilty of raping a 14 - year - old girl , then killing her and setting her body on fire to destroy evidence .
Green also was found guilty of killing the girl 's parents and 6 - year - old sister .
He could become the first former U.S. soldier to face the death penalty for war crimes before a civilian court , where he was tried because he had been discharged from the military before his crimes came to light .
Four other former soldiers are in prison for their roles in the crimes and the cover - up that followed .
Green faces either death or life in prison without the possibility of parole .
His fate will be in the hands of the jury by week 's end .
The defense has presented relatives and medical professionals who have pieced together a picture of Green 's childhood as troubled and stressful .
It included the breakup of his parents ' marriage , routine beatings to the point of injury by an older brother and being moved about through Texas by his mother .
Ruth , the final witness scheduled by the defense , said that when the idea of the military came up for her nephew , she was unsure the Army would accept him .
Even after he received a high school diploma through a correspondence course , she said , " I could not picture or imagine how he could make it through basic training . "
Ruth said when she saw a picture of her nephew before his September 2005 deployment , she knew he was n't " Stevie " anymore , standing as tall as his father in the photo at Fort Benning , Georgia .
When he returned from Iraq 11 months later , he was " remarkably thin , " Ruth said , and she noticed circles under his eyes .
Green and his father spent a night at the Ruth home , his aunt said , and she remembered him pacing the yard while smoking .
He fell asleep wearing his fatigues , she said .
When asked by the defense about the rape - murder plot that left an Iraqi family dead near Yusufiya , about 20 miles south of Baghdad , Ruth responded , " He 's my Steve .
You ca n't stop loving someone . "
There were other family members in the court on Monday .
Green 's father , John , an oil field worker from Midland , Texas , looked on quietly .
He did not testify .
Ruth , who is John Green 's sister , noted for the jury that Green 's mother is not at the trial this week .
The mother is moving and had to attend a going - away party , Ruth said .
Final arguments are expected Wednesday .
All About Steven Green • Iraq War • Kentucky
Pew Values Poll : Independents ' Upper Hand
The Pew Research Center 's invaluable political values survey is just out , emphasizing the continued growth in political independents , a group that appears increasingly conflicted about the role of government .
The new poll 's sweeping questionnaire allows an updated look at the impact the growth in independent voters and corresponding decline among partisans could have on the nation 's ideological leanings as the Obama presidency unfolds .
This is particularly true on views of government , as the report notes : " The political values of independents are mixed and run counter to orthodox liberal and conservative thinking about government . "
The Center 's analysis used 13 indices to gauge public opinion on a range of issue areas .
As partisan opinions have grown apart on many topics , independents , who have grown as a share of the population , have not moved consistently in one ideological direction .
( In 2007 , the Post , along with our partners at the Kaiser Family Foundation and Harvard University School of Public Health , conducted an in - depth survey of independent voters , finding a politically diverse group , whose impact would prove critical in the 2008 election . )
On questions of the social safety net and equal opportunities and rights , independents have shifted toward traditional Republican positions , while on broader role of government questions , independents hew more closely to the Democratic point of view .
Independents also tend to lean closer to Democrats on issues including regulation of the free market , social values , religiosity and national security , but are more apt to agree with Republicans on government responsiveness .
While independents on the whole remain a relatively centrist bunch , partisans in the poll have grown markedly further apart .
The average difference between Republican and Democratic responses to a range of values questions stands at 16 percentage points , the highest level in surveys dating back to 1987 .
That mirrors a trend evident in exit polling dating back to the mid-1970s : A steady climb in ideological alignment among partisans .
Nearly four in 10 Democrats voting in the 2008 election considered themselves liberal , tying the previous high of 39 percent in 2004 , while among Republicans , 64 percent who voted in 2008 considered themselves conservative , the highest level in any modern exit poll .
The Pew Center 's survey provides a broad , baseline measure on partisan and ideological views at the outset of the " Obama era . "
Whether the trendlines continue to move Obama 's way will determine whether that era ends in 2012 or beyond .
In an article published in Science , teams from the Institut Pasteurand the University of Limoges , associated with the CNRS and Inserm , decipher for the first time the molecular mechanism that enables bacteria to acquire multi-resistance to antibiotics , and that even allows them to adapt this resistance to their environment .
This discovery highlights the difficulties that will have to be tackled by public health strategies if they are to address the problems created by multi-resistance .
Multiresistance of bacteria to antibiotics is a phenomenon that appeared when these drugs began to be used in the 1950s .
It was subsequently discovered that resistance genes were easily captured , disseminated and exchanged from one bacterium to another by a system involving genetic " copying and pasting " of the structures containing these genes , known as integrons .
But the dynamics of these exchanges , which governs the multi - resistance development in bacteria , remained unknown .
The work of researchers from the Institut Pasteur associated with the CNRS ( Bacterial Genome Plasticity unit , CNRS URA 2171 ) and from Inserm , within the Limoges Faculty of Medicine ( EA3175 , Inserm , Avenir Team ) , in cooperation with Spanish teams , reveals for the first time today how bacteria acquire these multi - resistance properties .
It is actually the antibiotics themselves that trigger the synthesis of the bacterial enzyme that captures the resistance genes and enables their expression in the integron .
This enzyme also promotes the random rearrangement of the resistance genes within the integron .
The order of these genes in the integron determines the degree of priority for their expression : the first are expressed most highly and give the bacteria the corresponding resistance .
The last remain silent , although they are kept in reserve .
When a new rearrangement occurs , triggered by taking an antibiotic , for example , they are likely to be moved to the first positions , and give the bacteria the required resistance to this drug .
The bacteria with the right " combination " of genes will therefore be able to survive and ensure that the resistance potential is maintained from generation to generation .
This work shows the extent to which strategies of bacterial adaptation to antibiotics are effective , in both the short and the long term .
It therefore clearly demonstrates the difficulties associated with bacterial genetics that future public health measures will have to take into account if they are to tackle the problem of multi-resistance .
If human culture seems obsessed with sex lately , it 's nothing new .
Archaeologists have discovered the oldest known artistic representation of a woman — a carved ivory statue of a naked female , dating from 35,000 years ago .
The figurine , unearthed in September 2008 in Hohle Fels Cave in southwestern Germany , may be the oldest known example of figurative art , meaning art that is supposed to represent and resemble a real person , animal or object .
The discovery could help scientists understand the origins of art and the advent of symbolic thinking , including complicated language .
" If there 's one conclusion you want to draw from this , it 's that an obsession with sex goes back at least 35,000 years , " University of Cambridge anthropologist Paul Mellars told LiveScience .
He was not involved in the new finding .
" But if humans had n’t been largely obsessed with sex they would n’t have survived for the first 2 million years .
None of this is at all surprising . "
The fixation was n't just for naked women , though .
Early carvings of phalluses appeared in Europe at about the same time .
Little ' Venus '
The tiny statue is carved out of the tusk of a woolly mammoth and is less than 2.5 inches ( 60 millimeters ) long .
Instead of a head , it has a ring that scientists think meant it was worn as a pendant looped through string .
Paleoanthropologist Nicholas Conard of Germany 's Tubingen University reported the discovery in the May 14 issue of the journal Nature .
The oldest human art dates back much further , to between 75,000 and 95,000 years ago in Africa .
But that art was abstract , and consisted of geometrical designs engraved on pieces of red iron oxide .
This is the first known art to represent a woman , and possibly the first art to represent anything real at all .
Another find , a simple drawing that may represent a half - man , half - animal , could be a few thousand years older , but the date on that is uncertain .
The jump from abstract art to representative art seems significant , and might reflect a leap in the cognitive capacity of the human brain around this time .
Some experts think that the development might have gone along with a leap in the complexity of human language .
" Language is a symbolic system — words are symbols for things .
And so is art , " Mellars said .
" Art is a glaring illustration of a capacity for symbolic thinking .
Since symbolic thinking lies at the core of language , people have often tried to link the two . "
Mellars pointed out that there is n't enough evidence to really understand how complex human language was at this point , though .
Sex on the brain
The statue is notable not just for its symbolism , but for its style — particularly its sexuality .
" The figure is explicitly — and blatantly — that of a woman , with an exaggeration of sexual characteristics ( large , projecting breasts , a greatly enlarged and explicit vulva , and bloated belly and thighs ) that by twenty - first - century standards could be seen as bordering on the pornographic , " Mellars wrote in a commentary essay in Nature .
Scientists guess that it may have represented female fertility , or been related to shamanistic rituals and beliefs .
Willkommen in der schönsten und modernsten Schönheitsklinik Europas .
Ob Brustvergrößerung , Facelift oder Fettabsaugung - profitieren
Sie von unserer jahrzehntelange Erfahrung .
Und das zu Bestpreisen .
Alles über Brustvergrößerung Op Brustvergrösserung
Brustvergrößerung
Brustvergrößerung Bilder
Brustvergrößerung Kosten
Brustvergrößerung billig
Brustvergrößerung op
Brustvergrößerung Erfahrungen
Brustvergrößerung vorher nachher
Brustvergrößerung risiken
Brustvergrößerung finanzierung
Brustvergrößerung forum
Brustvergrößerung günstig
Brustvergrößerung implantate
Brustvergrößerung fotos
Brustvergrößerung preis
Brustvergrößerung Angebot anfordern Hier können
Sie ein kostenloses Angebot zur Brustvergrößerung anfordern .
Das Angebot befindet sich innerhalb weniger Sekunden in Ihrem email Postfach .
Die Brustvergrößerung OP
Wir leben in einer Zeit , wo es viele Schönheitsoperationen gibt , denn die Menschen wollen schön aussehen .
Die
Haut darf nicht altern , muss schön gestrafft sein , man darf nicht zu viel Fett haben , sonst lässt man es einfach absaugen .
Und bei Frauen ist natürlich auch der Busen ein Blickfang , der immer schön anzusehen sein muss .
Eine Frau möchte keinen hängenden Busen , eher lässt sie diesen straffen .
Sie möchte aber auch keine zu kleine Brust , da muss es dann die Brustvergrößerung sein .
Die Brustvergrößerung OP ist sehr gefragt , denn viele Frauen sind der Meinung , sie haben einen zu kleinen Busen .
Ob es nun für das eigene Bedürfnis ist , ob es für den Job ist oder für den Partner .
Es gibt Frauen , die gehen sehr locker mit dem Thema um und legen sich ganz leicht unters Messer , so als ob sie nur zu einem Friseur gehen würden .
Andere Frauen leiden unter der zu kleinen Brust , waren vorher schon bei Therapeuten und sind unendlich dankbar , wenn man sie operiert und sie mit der Brustvergrößerung OP wenigstens etwas mehr Busen haben .
Frauen die so leiden , wollen nicht gleich einen Busen in Übergröße .
Sie wählen normale Größen , mit denen
Sie sich endlich wie eine Frau fühlen dürfen und nicht wie ein Mann vorkommen .
Manchmal ist es einfach so , dass bei Frauen die Brüste nicht richtig wachsen und sie recht flach bleiben .
Dann aber kann es auch sein , dass man durch das Stillen und Abstillen an Umfang verliert .
Und da ist es schön zu wissen , dass es die Möglichkeit der Brustvergrößerung OP gibt .
So unterschiedlich die Frauen sind , die sich für eine Brustvergrößerung OP entscheiden , so unterschiedlich sind auch die Ärzte .
Ein seriöser
Arzt wird immer ein Beratungsgespräch anberaumen und die Patientin erst einmal genauer anschauen und bei einem Gespräch erkennen , warum sie die Vergrößerung wünscht .
Wenn
Sie dies nur für Ihren Mann tun möchte , wird der Facharzt für plastische Chirurgie ihr davon abraten .
Ebenso wenn es für einen Job sein soll .
Man selbst muss es wollen und sich auch damit wohlfühlen können .
Außerdem wird natürlich der Facharzt auf alle Risiken hinweisen , die eine Brustvergrößerung OP nun einmal mit sich bringt .
Gerade junge Frauen , die eigentlich noch Mädchen sind , werden in der Regel abgewiesen , denn sie befinden sich noch im Wachstum und brauchen keine Brustvergrößerung OP , sondern einfach etwas Zeit und Geduld .
So lange ein Mädchen im Wachstum ist , kann natürlich auch der Busen noch wachsen .
Jede Frau sollte sich die Brustvergrößerung OP gut überlegen .
Es gibt manche Krankheiten , bei denen man generell nicht operiert wird , weil der Fachmann das Risiko nicht tragen möchte .
Ansonsten aber gilt , dass die Brustvergrößerung OP auch gewisse Risiken mit sich bringt , denn immerhin wird sie unter Vollnarkose ausgeführt und genau diese Form der Narkose bringt Gefahren mit sich .
Darüber klärt der Arzt auf , ebenso wird er erklären , was genau bei der Operation oder nach der Operation für Komplikationen auftreten könnten .
Man sollte seinen
Worten gut lauschen , denn nicht immer ist die Brust OP am Ende so verlaufen , wie man es sich gewünscht hat und man kann dann noch nicht einmal etwas machen , denn der Fachmann hat über die Risiken aufgeklärt !
Der Facharzt wird auch selbst abwägen , ob er den Eingriff durchführt .
Keinerlei Probleme gibt es bei Damen , die schon lange in Behandlung sind , weil sie wegen der kleinen Brust Depressionen oder Ängste aufweisen .
Auch wenn die Brust unschön verformt ist , gibt es nicht viel zu überlegen , denn immerhin leidet die Patienten darunter .
Auch wenn die Brust abgenommen werden musste , muss ein Facharzt nicht lange überlegen , ob er die Patienten operieren wird .
Ansonsten , wenn man eine schön geformte Brust hat , die auch wunderbar groß ist , sollte man sich vielleicht überlegen , dass Selbstbewusstsein anders aufzubauen als nur durch eine OP .
Wenn dies nämlich der Grund für die Operation ist , wird man nie zufrieden sein und sich noch öfter operieren lassen .
Diese Fälle sind nicht selten , wie man auch in der Promiwelt ab und an mitverfolgen kann .
Natürlich wird der Chirurg auch auf die Gesundheit der Patientin achten , manchmal ist das Risiko einer OP aufgrund bestimmter Krankheiten einfach zu groß und die OP wird abgelehnt .
Manchmal muss man einfach auf die OP warten , weil man vielleicht gerade eine schwere Grippe hat .
Und auch auf die Kosten wird die Patientin hingewiesen .
Sofern man nicht gerade ein großes Leid durchmacht , wird nämlich die Krankenkasse keinen einzigen Cent für die Brustvergrößerung OP zahlen , noch nicht einmal eine Zuzahlung ist denkbar .
Und leider auch , wenn manche Frauen wegen einer zu kleinen Brust schon bei einem Psychotherapeuten sind , muss nicht immer die OP übernommen werden .
Manchmal ist es auch so , dass selbst hier die Krankenkassen die Kostenübernahme ablehnt und man auf sich selbst gestellt ist .
Wer aber die Operation tragen kann , wird aufatmen können .
Ansonsten kann man sich natürlich auch mit einem Kredit behelfen , muss sich aber auch hier vorab fragen , ob man dies wirklich auf sich nehmen möchte !
Wenn dem so ist , man gesundheitlich fit ist , ebenso auch geistig fit ist , dann steht der OP für die schönere Brust , nicht viel im Wege !
Die Brustvergrößerung OP wird in der heutigen Zeit sehr oft durchgeführt , es gibt immer mehr Fachärzte und auch Schönheitskliniken , die sich diesem Thema zuwenden .
Wichtig ist , dass man einen seriösen Facharzt wählt , dass man sich die Klinik genau anschaut und dass man auch das Geld für die OP zusammen hat und sich der Risiken bewusst ist .
Wenn dies der Fall ist , sollte man aber doch auch gut zuhören , wie man sich nach der OP zu verhalten hat , damit die Brust auch wirklich so schön wird , wie man sich dieses vorstellt und damit man keine Risiken nach der OP eingeht .
Auch sollte man sich im Klaren sein , dass eine Brustvergrößerung auch immer gewisse Schmerzen mit sich bringt .
Der Facharzt wird Sie darüber aber natürlich aufklären und natürlich bekommt man nach der OP auch passende Medikamente , um den Schmerzen standhalten zu können .
Und mit jedem
Tag werden diese auch ein wenig erträglicher .
Aber auch dies wird Ihr Facharzt mit Ihnen besprechen und somit werden Sie genau wissen , was Ihnen bevorsteht und wie lange Sie Rücksicht auf die OP nehmen müssen , bevor Sie wieder ganz normal leben können .
Nur wer sich an alle ärztlichen Ratschläge halten wird , kann mit dem Endergebnis mehr als zufrieden sein , sofern keine Komplikationen auftreten .
Wichtige Punkte bei der Brustvergrößerung OP
Wer die Brustvergrößerung wünscht , fragt sich oft , wie man wohl einen guten plastischen Chirurgen findet .
Wie schon oben beschrieben , wird ein guter Arzt immer schauen , ob die OP sein muss oder nur ein normaler Wunsch ist .
Sofern er keinen Grund sieht zu handeln , wird er die OP auch meist ablehnen .
Zwar wird er meist die Patienten dadurch verlieren und sie wird sich garantiert woanders operieren lassen , aber ein guter Arzt kann damit umgehen .
Und wenn er seine Patientin gut berät , will auch sie manchmal die OP nicht mehr .
Der Facharzt wird immer erst auf die Gesundheit und auf die Psyche achten und dementsprechend der OP zustimmen oder diese ablehnen .
Und er wird IMMER auf die Risiken der OP hinweisen und diese nicht schön reden .
Und ganz wichtig ist auch , dass man sich nur an einen Facharzt wenden sollte , der die Bezeichnung Facharzt für plastische und ästhetische Chirurgie vorweisen kann .
Und er ist nur dann ein guter Arzt , wenn er nicht sofort sein Okay gibt , sondern wirklich erst untersucht und hinterfragt , warum man die OP möchte und ob es nicht eher so ist , dass der Partner darauf besteht , der Modellagent oder andere Personen , die für den Patienten sehr wichtig sind .
Und wenn nichts dagegen spricht , dann wird die Operation erfolgen und auch das nicht immer ganz nach Wunsch der Patienten .
Denn vielleicht möchte man viel zu viel und der Arzt wird davon abraten , weil man diese Last nicht tragen kann oder es nicht ästhetisch erscheinen wird .
Und hier sollte man nicht über den
Arzt schimpfen , sondern kann sich im Gegenteil , sehr gut aufgehoben bei ihm fühlen .
© 2016 femmestyle zum Thema Brustvergrösserung Sitemap OOO
( NaturalNews ) Pressure is building on Harvard Medical School to better regulate the massive gifts and consulting fees that faculty members regularly receive from drug companies , with increasing attention being drawn to the great potential for conflict of interest in such relationships .
" Before coming here , I had no idea how much influence companies had on medical education , " said first - year medical student David Tian .
" And it 's something that 's purposely meant to be under the table , providing information under the guise of education when that information is also presented for marketing purposes .
" A student movement has recently taken form at Harvard Medical School , demanding widespread reform of the school 's conflict - of - interest policies .
The movement was sparked by a number of high - profile scandals in which Harvard medical faculty were revealed to have concealed hundreds of thousands of dollars in pharmaceutical company gifts , sparking a Senate investigation .
This was followed by the American Medical Student Association giving the school an F grade for its conflict - of - interest disclosure policies .
The University of Pennsylvania , in contrast , received an A , while Columbia , Stanford and New York Universities received Bs . The student movement has had at least one victory so far , with the school agreeing to require all professors and lecturers to tell students of any financial ties to the drug industry .
In one case , a professor was required to disclose 47 financial relationships .
A full 1,600 of 8,900 teachers have reported at least one financial relationship in an area related to their teaching , research or medical practice .
Other student demands , however , have met more resistance .
Harvard does not own its affiliated teaching hospitals , for example , making it harder to impose regulations on them .
Meanwhile , medical school Dean Jeffrey S. Flier says that given the current economic downturn , he does not want to jeopardize one of the school 's major sources of funding .
The students are not giving up , however .
" Harvard needs to live up to its name , " said first - year student Kirsten Austad .
" We are really being indoctrinated into a field of medicine that is becoming more and more commercialized .
" Sources for this story include : www.nytimes.com
Time Warner Cable , stung by public reaction to the Internet data caps it is now trialing in several markets , has issued yet another public statement .
Turns out , the problem here does n't rest with the caps but with the " press reports " that " were premature and did not tell the full story . "
All of which perfectly explains why Time Warner Cable has also boosted cap limits in every tier .
The messenger , we shoot him
What premature , not - full - story - telling press reports might be referenced here ?
Well , there was our own look at the bizarre price discrepancy between the new TWC cap system and that offered by every other major US Internet provider , for one .
The New York Times Bits blog tried to pry a few answers of out TWC Chief Operating Officer Landel Hobbs — including an explanation of how bandwidth costs TWC money when their network is peered and most costs are fixed — but got approximately nowhere .
And yesterday , Wired followed up on both pieces with a look of its own at TWC revenues , showing that broadband costs had decreased by 12 percent in 2008 even as broadband revenues had increased by 11 percent .
TWC 's response to three sets of solid questions ?
The continued assertion that " Internet demand is rising at a rate that could outpace capacity within a few years .
According to industry analysts , the infrastructure may not be able to accommodate the explosion of online content by 2012 .
This could result in Internet brownouts .
It will take a lot of money to fix the problem . "
Beware the coming Internet brownouts
This is a reference to Internet " exaflood " theories that are not currently being borne out by the data .
For instance , US Internet growth has declined into the 40 - 60 percent per year range ( which TWC 's own numbers confirm ) , well below the 100 percent per year numbers used to generate some of the scariest predictions of doom .
Even as traffic increases , traffic costs on major Internet backbones have been decreasing by 50 percent a year — an obvious market signal that capacity is plentiful at the core and in no danger of " browning out . "
At the edges , network upgrades to DOCSIS 3.0 are cheap — somewhere in the neighborhood of $ 20 - 100 per subscriber .
As for the TWC network in between the headend and the backbone , of course routers , etc. will need constant upgrading ; that 's how the business works .
But TWC 's revenues are going up while its costs are going down — making it look like the tiered pricing scheme ( with its quite small caps ) is more about 1 ) squeezing cash out of broadband users and 2 ) keeping TWC 's cable TV operation alive by making Internet video less desirable .
The " it 's expensive to upgrade " argument certainly seems dubious .
How dubious ?
Let 's run a new set of numbers .
TWC last night announced the pricing scheme for its new 100 GB / month tier for $ 75 / month .
Comcast , using the same technology , offers a 250 GB cap for $ 42.95 . month ( and some Ars users have reported lower numbers in some markets ) , so it 's clear right from the start that the TWC plan is hardly a " good deal . "
Speeds are n't great , either , topping out at 10 M bps ( and it 's a bad sign when a company 's COO says that users will get speeds of " 10 MB/1MB " ) .
Overage charges are a dollar a GB , but TWC helpfully caps these at $ 75 .
To equal the Comcast cap , therefore , a TWC user would have to spend $ 150 / month with TWC .
AT&T DSL , meanwhile , offers an uncapped , 6 M bps connection for $ 35 / month .
Verizon 's FiOS , which has required an $ 18 billion infrastructure investment that makes cable modem service look like the world 's best bargain for operators , offers a 50 M bps connection with no explicit cap for $ 144.95 / month .
Upping the caps
If TWC wants to launch noncompetitive rates , that 's certainly its right .
But to paint these caps as " necessary , " even as competitors offer way more for way less , suggests that the company is either disingenuous about its costs or bad at running a major network .
Given the company 's revenues vs. expenses , it 's not hard to guess which option we 're leaning towards .
TWC has made some positive steps in response to the feedback ( all polite , no doubt ) it has received from customers .
It will now offer a 1GB tier with a " straight - outta -1998 " 768Kbps/128 Kbps connection for $ 15 per month , which is certainly an improvement over the company 's previous plan to start its rates at $ 30 / month .
TWC says that 30 percent of its customers use less than 1GB / month .
The company is also upping all the other caps , which now range from 10 GB / month to 60 GB / month , while prices stay the same .
For the 10GB / month tier , that means TWC has just doubled the cap without altering the price , indicating just how much room the company actually has to move before it really worries about Internet " brownouts . "
Consumption - based billing has a certain inescapable logic to it — one can generally make a case that people should pay for the costs they incur .
But when the prices under such a system are so obviously out of line with the actual costs , clothing the scheme in the garb of " fairness " reeks of hypocrisy .
So shame on the press for daring to peek behind the curtain at the great and terrible Oz .
But while yappy dogs can be annoying , they can sometimes get results .
On the other hand , one also thinks of the time - honored budget strategy of submitting an outrageous request for cash in the upcoming year , only to pare it back to the number that you really wanted after an outcry .
GENEVA ( Reuters ) - The U.N. Human Rights Council must insist on humanitarian access to camps of tens of thousands of refugees from Sri Lanka ’s war , rights groups said on Monday , to ease a situation they called “ alarming ” and a “ catastrophe ” .
A Tamil woman sits on a bed with her child as U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon is given a tour of a field hospital in the refugee camp called Manik Farm on the outskirts of the northern Sri Lankan town of Vavuniya May 23 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Louis Charbonneau
Human Rights Watch said Sri Lanka should be pushed at the United Nations Human Rights Council , meeting for an emergency session this week , to allow aid workers and journalists into the country ’s camps and detention centres , stressing “ respect for human rights is just as essential after a conflict ends . ”
“ Although the fighting has stopped , the humanitarian situation is still alarming and real improvements are needed , ” the group ’s Asia director Brad Adams said in a statement .
Sri Lanka has argued the U.N. examination of the conflict was “ ill - timed ” and said the international community should focus now on helping the country rebuild after last week ’s end to its 25 - year civil war .
Colombo has marshalled China , Russia , India , Pakistan and other regional allies to try to deflect scrutiny of its record in a resolution in Geneva that stresses the rights of states to act without outside interference in their national matters .
But another resolution , prepared by Switzerland and backed by 30 states including France , Britain , Germany , Canada , Mexico and Mauritius , calls for “ full , safe and unhindered access of humanitarian assistance to all persons in need throughout the country ” and says Colombo must do so without discrimination .
While telling Sri Lanka ’s government to investigate all allegations of abuses and to bring perpetrators to justice , the Western resolution , does not call for an international inquiry to be launched into allegations of abuses during the military ’s onslaught to crush to Tamil Tiger rebels .
LIVES STILL IN DANGER
Amnesty International and other rights monitors have called for an independent investigation into the conduct of both sides during the final burst of the conflict , in which nearly 300,000 people escaped rebel - held areas and are now being held in government - run refugee camps .
Adams of Human Rights
Watch said it was unacceptable that Sri Lanka ’s government has maintained restrictions on access to the detained , displaced and wounded since the fighting ended .
“ Government restrictions on access by aid groups are putting lives in danger , ” he said in a statement released in Geneva , where the 47 member - state Human Rights Council will start its Sri Lanka session at 1300 GMT on Tuesday .
That meeting is expected to stretch into Wednesday .
U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon called during his weekend visit to Sri Lanka for immediate and unimpeded access to camps and called for political reconciliation between the majority Sinhalese and minorities including Tamils .
Ban and other U.N. officials repeatedly criticised the government and Tamil Tigers during the final months of the war , saying the actions of both had resulted in unnecessary deaths of thousands of Sri Lankans trapped in the conflict zone .
Amnesty said many of the Sri Lankans now needing aid had also suffered under the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) , whose fighters used them as human shields and forced them to enlist during the long - running conflict .
Amnestry also said the government needed to be held accountable for abuses committed by state forces , who have been accused of killing and mistreating civilians in their quest to destroy LTTE separatists over a long time period .
“ The current catastrophe exists against a backdrop of pervasive human rights violations , weak institutional mechanisms to protect human rights , and a culture of impunity for perpetrators that has continued for years , ” it said .
The United Nations estimates Sri Lanka ’s civil war killed between 80,000 and 100,000 people since it erupted in 1983 .
The military said last week it lost 6,200 troops and killed 22,000 Tigers in the nearly three years of the war ’s final phase .
This domain has been registered via WWW.LA , the official registry for Los Angeles .
For registrant details please use our whois service .
Further information can be found at WWW.LA .
The Public Interest Registry will announce today that it has begun cryptographically signing the .org top - level domain using DNS security extensions known as DNSSEC .
DNSSEC is an emerging standard that prevents spoofing attacks by letting Web sites verify their domain names and corresponding IP addresses using digital signatures and public - key encryption .
DNSSEC is viewed as the best way to bolster the DNS against vulnerabilities including the Kaminsky Bug , a DNS flaw discovered last summer that allows a hacker to redirect traffic from a legitimate Web site to a fake one without the user knowing .
" DNSSEC is a needed infrastructure upgrade , " says Alexa Raad , CEO of the Public Interest Registry ( PIR ) .
" It has passed the threshold of being a theoretical opportunity to being a practical necessity .
The question then becomes : How do we make it work ? "
With 7.5 million registered names , .org is the largest domain to deploy DNSSEC .
Current DNSSEC users include country code domains run by Sweden , Puerto Rico , Bulgaria , Brazil and the Czech Republic .
" Us signing the zone is a very important step , but it's also a symbolic step , " Raad says .
" A large [ generic top - level domain ] has now signed their zone .
It will signal to all the other players in the chain that it is time to work very seriously on the software and applications to make DNSSEC viable in the near future . "
PIR announced plans to deploy DNSSEC last June , and in December it vowed to share its experiences with members of the DNSSEC Industry Coalition .
The coalition includes leading domain name registries such as VeriSign , NeuStar and Afilias as well as DNS software providers NLnet Labs , Secure64 and InfoBlox .
Raad says it 's important for PIR to share its experiences with DNSSEC because " this is not something that one actor can take on .
It does take a village , to borrow a phrase , to do it properly . "
One recommendation that PIR is making to the industry is that DNSSEC deployments use the newer NSEC3 algorithm rather than the older NSEC , which is less secure and requires more processing .
PIR also is prompting the DNSSEC Industry Coalition to develop operational procedures such as how to transfer domains from a register that supports DNSSEC to one that does n't .
" We take this as an immense responsibility , " Raad says .
" We want to make sure that prudence and caution take way over haste " with our DNSSEC deployment .
On June 2 , PIR will announce that it is signing the .org domain with NSEC3 and that it has begun testing DNSSEC with a handful of registrars using first fake and than real .org names .
PIR plans to keep expanding its testing over the next few months until the registry is ready to support DNSSEC for all .org domain name operators .
Raad says she expects full - blown DNSSEC deployment on the .org domain in 2010 .
" I do n't expect it to be this calendar year , " she says .
" This is about learning and sharing our learning with industry . "
The good news for .org domain name holders is that PIR 's DNSSEC testing and deployment wo n't affect their day - to - day operations .
" It 's important to note that .org domain holders do n't have to do anything , " Raad says .
" Their domain names will function as usual . "
Raad says enterprise network managers should start asking their ISPs , domain name registrars and DNS vendors what they are doing to support DNSSEC .
First envisioned in 1995 , DNSSEC efforts have ramped up dramatically since last summer when the Kaminsky bug was discovered .
The U.S. federal government is deploying DNSSEC across its .gov domain this year , with plans for all sub - domains to be signed by the end of 2009 .
VeriSign has committed to deploying DNSSEC across .com and .net by 2011 .
But the Internet engineering community is waiting for the U.S. federal government to deploy DNSSEC across the root zone .
More DNSSEC news is anticipated next week because the DNSSEC Industry Coalition is hosting a symposium in Washington D.C. June 11 and 12 to discuss DNSSEC deployment issues including how best to sign the root zone .
This story , " Security Tightened for .org Domain " was originally published by Network World .
QR Code Link to This Post
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
Compensation :
I am due in June .
I have read a lot about how great for your health it is to eat your placenta ( after all , most mammals , even vegetarians , do this ) .
Unfortunately I do n't have a strong enough stomach to just eat it , so it was recommended to me that I dry it out in a food dehydrator , put it in a coffee grinder , and put it in capsules to take daily .
Again , I just do n't have the stomach ( and may not have the energy after birth to do this . )
What I need is someone who is reliable ... someone who has given birth or watched a birth , knows what a placenta looks / smells like / etc , who is 100 % comfortable handling something like this .
I have read that it can take up to 10 hours of work .
Please e-mail me why you would be willing to do this and how much you would charge .
Please no stupid e-mails .
Advice about aspirin use has been conflicting Low - dose aspirin should not routinely be used to prevent heart attacks and strokes , contrary to official guidance , say UK researchers .
Analysis of data from over 100,000 clinical trial participants found the risk of harm largely cancelled out the benefits of taking the drug .
Only those who have already had a heart attack or stroke should be advised to take a daily aspirin , they found .
The Lancet study should help clarify a " confusing " issue , GPs said .
The NHS drugs watchdog , the National Institute for health and Clinical Excellence ( NICE ) , has not made a ruling in this area .
But experts in the UK , US and Europe recommend aspirin for people who have not already had a heart attack or stroke , but are at high risk of cardiovascular disease because of factors such as age , blood pressure and cholesterol level .
We do n't have good evidence that , for healthy people , the benefits of long - term aspirin exceed the risks by an appropriate margin
Professor Colin Baigent , study leader
This strategy , known as primary prevention , is based on the result of studies looking at predicted risks and benefits in this population .
But the latest research provides clearer evidence because it is based on data from individuals , the researchers said .
They looked at heart attacks and strokes and major bleeds - a potential side effect of aspirin - in six primary prevention trials , involving 95,000 people at low to average risk and 16 trials involving 17,000 people at high risk - because they had already had a heart attack or stroke .
Use of aspirin in the lower - risk group was found to reduce non-fatal heart attacks by around a fifth , with no difference in the risk of stroke or deaths from vascular causes .
But it also increased the risk of internal bleeding by around a third .
Balance However , in those patients who had already had a heart attack or stroke and were at risk of having another , the benefits clearly outweighed the chance of adverse events , the researchers said .
Study leader Professor Colin Baigent from the Clinical Trial Service Unit at the University of Oxford , UK , said drug safety was vital when making recommendations that affected tens of millions of healthy people .
" We do n't have good evidence that , for healthy people , the benefits of long - term aspirin exceed the risks by an appropriate margin . "
He added : " I think the guideline groups will find it useful to have the data analysed in that way . "
Professor Steve Field , chair of the Royal College of GPs , said the issue had been confusing for GPs and patients .
" There is no definitive guidance and it makes it bewildering when you have a series of papers which then hint it would be beneficial to take aspirin . "
He added that many patients would buy aspirin over the counter - either on the advice of their GP or under their own steam - because it was cheap .
" This important study does suggest people should n't take aspirin unless indicated by disease . "
Ellen Mason , senior cardiac nurse at the British Heart Foundation said : " It is better for doctors to weigh up the benefit and risk of prescribing aspirin on an individual basis , rather than develop a blanket guideline suggesting everyone at risk of heart disease is routinely given aspirin . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Forty - year - old Antonio Castro , son of the ailing former dictator , has fallen for an elaborate hoax run by Miami man , Luis Dominguez .
Dominguez posed as Claudia Valencia , a beautiful Colombian woman attracted to the middle - aged Lothario because of his wealth and social - standing .
Over the eight months of the hoax , the “ relationship ” blossomed and things started to get hot and steamy .
When asked why he orchestrated the prank , the Cuban - born Dominguez explained to the Miami Herald that it was to , “ shatter the myth ” that the Cuban government was impenetrable and to cast a spotlight on the extravagant lives lead by the Cuban elite .
In his own words :
While everyday Cubans were banned from using the internet cafes in Havana hotels , this guy had a BlackBerry and unlimited access to the web .
Castro boasted of his luxurious lifestyle throughout his communications with Valencia , telling her of shopping trips , weekends at Varadero and his travels around the world as the Cuban baseball team physician .
The idea for the ruse came from a trip that Castro made to Cartagena , Colombia with the Cuban baseball team .
Dominguez explains :
Antonio was like a rock star , everyone asking to take photos with him , especially beautiful women .
I got the idea that we could get close to him by posing as one of those women .
After studying photographs of Castro ’s former girlfriends , Dominguez created the character of Claudia and established communication with Castro , explaining that they had met in Cartagena .
And the rest , as they say , is history .
Check out the next page for our Antonio Castro gallery .
TEHRAN , Iran ( CNN ) --
Iran 's election authority has rejected claims of voting irregularities by a defeated presidential candidate , while acknowledging that the number of ballots cast in dozens of cities exceeded the number of eligible voters there , state - run TV reported Monday .
Protesters face Iranian riot police on a street in Tehran on Saturday .
more photos »
Iran 's Guardian Council -- which approves all candidates running for office and verifies election results -- said candidate Mohsen Rezaie alleged irregularities in 170 cities , and that excessive ballots were found in 50 cities , according to government - funded Press TV .
Council spokesman Abbas - Ali Kadkhodaei said voting in those locations did not noticeably affect the outcome of the election , adding that the council will continue to investigate complaints that are filed through " legal channels , " Press TV said .
The council declared President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad the winner of the June 12 election .
Rezaie had reported some irregularities and called for a recount of some ballots , while opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi and candidate Mehdi Karrubi have rejected the election as fraudulent and demanded a new one .
Earlier Sunday , thousands of riot police and militia lined Tehran 's streets as the public rift among Iranian leaders appeared to be widening .
The country 's foreign minister disputed allegations of ballot irregularities in Iran 's disputed presidential election , and the parliamentary speaker implied the nation 's election authorities had sided with one candidate .
Amateur video showed large crowds marching down a major Tehran thoroughfare shouting , " Do n't be afraid , we 're together ! " and " Death to dictator ! "
The person who shot the video said it was taken Sunday , but CNN could not immediately verify that the protest had taken place .
Eyewitnesses reported a protest also took place at southern Tehran 's Azad University , where final exams were postponed after about 200 students refused to take them .
Thousands of riot police and members of the Basij militia lined the streets of the city , according to eyewitnesses .
Security personnel surrounded the headquarters of the country 's state television and radio .
Many shops were closed , and shopkeepers whose stores were open said they planned to close early Sunday .
However , no tanks were seen on the city 's streets .
Traffic was light .
Watch amateur video of a volunteer paramilitary forces headquarters burning in Tehran »
A statement purportedly from Moussavi on Sunday called on Iranians to " exercise self control " during protests in Tehran , while still supporting their right to demonstrate against the government and the results of the disputed June 12 presidential election .
" The country belongs to you .
The revolution and the system is your heritage , " the statement attributed to Moussavi said in a statement posted on his Web site .
" Protesting against lies and cheating is your right .
Be hopeful about regaining your rights .
Do not allow anyone who tries to make you lose hope and frighten you make you lose your temper . "
The authenticity of the message could not be verified ; it was posted in Farsi and translated by CNN .
The message came a day after hospital sources said 19 people were killed in clashes between anti-government protesters and police .
Unconfirmed reports put the death toll as high as 150 .
See images of the clashes Saturday »
" The sad news of the martyrdom of another group who protested the results of the elections has caused our society astonishment and our people mourn them , " said the statement attributed to Moussavi .
" Firing on people , militarization of the city 's atmosphere , threats , agitations and show of force are all the illegitimate children of law breaking and we are facing all of that .
It is a wonder that the perpetrators accuse others of breaking the law for expressing their opinions . "
Watch how social - networking sites spread the word on Iranian news »
Police have not been given permission to use firearms in confronting protesters , Tehran Police Chief Azizollah Rajabpour told Iran 's semi-official Mehr news agency .
Police have not used firearms on the public , he said .
Allegations to the contrary are false and " spread by those who want to muddy the waters , " the agency reported .
News coverage in Iran has been limited by government restrictions on international journalists .
On Sunday , the BBC said Iran had expelled Jon Leyne , the British network 's permanent correspondent in Tehran .
And Al - Arabiya , a Dubai - based Arab satellite network , said its Tehran bureau was ordered closed .
Press TV confirmed 13 fatalities Saturday , saying the deaths resulted from police clashes with " terrorist groups " in Tehran .
But the station did not say whether all the deaths took place Saturday or spanned the length of the weeklong protests .
iReport.com : Share images from Iran
Videos posted on social networking Web sites depicted tense scenes and chaos Saturday , and one graphic video that captured the death of a young woman became the iconic symbol of a brutal day .
But like most of the information coming out of Tehran , it is impossible to verify her name -- Neda -- or the circumstances of her apparent death .
Watch a portion of the video »
Press TV also reported Sunday that five relatives of former President Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani were arrested for allegedly " inciting and encouraging rioters " in Tehran 's Azadi ( Freedom ) Square on Saturday , the Web site reported .
Faezeh Rafsanjani , the former president 's daughter , was released Sunday , and the four others were released earlier in the day , Press TV reported on its Web site .
The woman 's brother said she was arrested while taking part in a protest .
The elder Rafsanjani is chairman of the Assembly of Experts , which is responsible for appointing or removing the supreme leader .
He is a supporter of Moussavi , while Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei remained staunch in his defense of incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
A spokesman for the Guardian Council told state television that Wednesday is the last day it can recount the votes disputed by candidates .
Meanwhile , prominent figures , many of whom were part of Iran 's Islamic revolution 30 years ago , issued conflicting statements , a sign that Iran 's leadership was far from unified .
The foreign minister , Manouchehr Mottaki , said Sunday an investigation into claims of fraud in the election will be announced by week 's end .
But speaking to foreign diplomats in Tehran , he called the possibility of irregularities almost nonexistent .
" The possibility of organized and comprehensive disruption and irregularities in this election is almost close to zero given the composition of the people who are holding the election , " Mottaki said .
On the other hand , Iran 's influential parliamentary speaker , Ali Larijani , implicated the same people -- the Guardian Council -- of siding with one candidate .
" Although the Guardian Council is made up of religious individuals , I wish certain members would not side with a certain presidential candidate , " Larijani told the Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting on Saturday , without naming whom he meant .
The comments were reported on Press TV and on another news Web site , Khabaronline , Sunday .
Larijani 's statement was in direct contrast to that of Khamenei , who in a sermon Friday declared the elections a " definitive victory " for Ahmadinejad and rejected charges of vote rigging .
" A majority of people are of an opinion separate " from that of a minority , Larijani said .
While Larijani and Ahmadinejad have had a tense relationship in the past , Larijani is seen as being aligned with Khamenei .
For him to directly contradict the leader 's statement amounts to another example of the growing disagreement among ruling conservatives .
Meanwhile , former Iranian President Mohammad Khatami , in an open letter posted on his Web site , said , " the presence of the people is one of the achievements of the revolution and must be respected . "
" Sensational and insulting propaganda against the people , who have always acted independently , and insinuating that their healthy movement is directed by foreigners is itself a sign of the implementation of faulty policies which will widen the gap between the people and the government , " Khatami wrote .
The election and the subsequent clashes in Iran were the subject of protests in some U.S. cities Sunday .
See photos of some of the protests in the U.S. »
In Washington , roughly 400 Iranian - Americans gathered in front of the Iranian Interests Section on Sunday to protest the disputed election .
The protesters , dressed in the colors of the Iranian flag , waved signs and chanted slogans such as , " Down with the dictator , " " Democracy for Iran , " and " Where 's my vote ? "
Some carried signs with images of injured and bleeding Iranian protesters .
Protests also were held in Los Angeles and New York .
All About Ayatollah Ali Khamenei • Mahmoud Ahmadinejad • Iran • Facebook Inc .
From : alifelessdoll
2009-05-21 01:23 pm ( UTC )
ohhhhhh that poor deer .
Very interesting and nice find though !
^_^
From : minigun
2009-05-21 01:31 pm ( UTC )
woah how did that even happen From : spike20
2009-05-21 02:29 pm ( UTC )
Given the sort of vehcile impact that wrapped this deer around the post , I 'm guessing it was likely dead before hitting it .
From : stablercake
2009-05-21 05:26 pm ( UTC )
That does n't look wrapped , that looks impaled 8C From : grygon
2009-05 - 22 05:41 am ( UTC )
it LOOKS impaled but it is not .
the pole is WAY to clean to have gone through flesh and blood .
From : ian_green
2009-05 - 22 09:13 pm ( UTC )
the spine is broken and ribs most likely too
so it looks like a bag of minced meat ( ? translation ) From : skonen_blades
2009-05-21 05:19 pm ( UTC )
OUCH !
From : magnatum
2009-05-21 09:15 pm ( UTC )
I like these photos very much From : stellaspike
2009-05-21 09:45 pm ( UTC )
I am planning on painting from them :)
From : magnatum
2009-05 -21 10:02 pm ( UTC )
ohh .
I 'd like to see those too :O
do you have an art blog or something ?
From : stellaspike
2009-05 - 21 10:40 pm ( UTC )
http://stellaspike.deviantart.com/gallery/
From : magnatum
2009-05 -21 10:49 pm ( UTC )
oh sweet , thanks !
From : brittyhead
2009-05-21 09:28 pm ( UTC )
AWESOMMMME !
NBC ’s First Read is on a roll today — a bitchy roll .
Chuck Todd , who I used to admire as NBC ’s political guru , is now reading tea leaves over at the White House as NBC ’s correspondent .
One thing is clear , Todd , like many of his colleagues , really does n’t grasp the economic realities of the country and how people in America are struggling — and juggling multiple issues .
When Obama says that , Todd writes that it ’s some new kind of populist strategy ( as if there is something wrong with being a populist ) :
Has the White House tweaked their defense against the “ biting off too much ” attack again ?
It appears so .
Check this out from President Obama this morning at his event with the two Congressional Budget committee chairs , Sen. Kent Conrad ( D - N.D. ) and Rep. John Spratt ( D - S.C. ) : “ I know that there are some on Wall Street and in Washington who ’ve said that we should only focus on the banking crisis and one problem at a time .
Well , we ’re spending a lot of time focusing on this banking crisis , and we will continue to do so because until we get liquidity flowing again , we will not fully recover .
But the American people do n’t have the luxury of just focusing on Wall Street .
They do n’t have the luxury of choosing to pay either their mortgage or their medical bills .
They do n’t get to pick between paying for their kids ’ college tuition and saving enough money for retirement .
They have to do all these things .
They have to confront all these problems .
And as a consequence , so do we . ”
It ’s the president attempting to connect himself to the rest of America , trying to turn the criticism into a badge of honor .
This is very , shall we say , populist of the president .
Maybe the president is actually relating to the lives of the American people , something the elite in DC ca n’t do .
Elitists disdain populism .
Imagine the little people having a point of view .
Obama had more to say than the lines Todd excerpted :
Now , there are those who say the plans in this budget are too ambitious to enact ; to say that — they say that in the face of challenges that we face , we should be trying to do less , than more .
What I say is that the challenges we face are too large to ignore .
The cost of our health care is too high to ignore .
The dependence on oil is too dangerous to ignore .
Our education deficit is growing too wide to ignore .
To kick these problems down the road for another four years or another eight years would be to continue the same irresponsibility that led us to this point .
That ’s not why I ran for this office .
I did n’t come here to pass on our problems to the next President or the next generation — I came here to solve them .
The last President , with the help of the traditional media passed on the myriad of problems that Obama has to solve .
We ’re in a crisis , although that seems almost academic to the D.C. pundits , but they do n’t live like the rest of us do .
Obama also had another great line , for which he ’ll probably face another round of criticism :
“ Just say no ” is the right advice to give your teenagers about drugs .
It is not an acceptable response to whatever economic policy is proposed by the other party .
That ’s going to be viewed by the D.C. press elites as being mean to the Republicans , who are proudly doing nothing and just saying no .
Our unique approach , proven recruiting methodology and commitment to providing outstanding service to our clients and candidates has given us the opportunity to work with some of the most admired companies and financial professionals in Atlanta and throughout the Country .
We focus on quality in everything we do and we produce results .
We are proven professionals that have a track record of aligning great companies with great people .
We add value to the hiring process by leveraging technology and networking with our strong referral base to provide our clients with the most qualified candidates currently on the market .
Most of the candidates we place are referred to us , enabling us to provide our clients with highly - qualified candidates that are selectively looking for an improved professional opportunity .
Positions we fill
Accounts Payable , Accounts Receivable , Credit & Collections , Payroll , Purchasing Professionals , Project Coordinators , Tax , Audit , Treasury , Staff Accountant , Senior Accountant , Accounting Supervisor , Accounting Manager , Controller , Financial Analyst , Finance Manager , FP&A Managers , Financial Planning & Analysis Manager , Directors of Finance , VP's of Finance , Chief Financial Officers
Staff Financial Group is an Accounting and Finance Search and Staffing firm with relationships with some of the most reputable companies in Atlanta and throughout the Country .
Areas of focus include Accounting , Finance , Tax , Audit / SOX , and Financial Systems .
MY day job is teaching introductory economics to about 700 Harvard undergraduates a year .
Lately , when people hear that , they often ask how the economic crisis is changing what ’s offered in a freshman course .
They ’re usually disappointed with my first answer : not as much as you might think .
Events have been changing so quickly that we teachers are having trouble keeping up .
Syllabuses are often planned months in advance , and textbooks are revised only every few years .
But there is another , more fundamental reason : Despite the enormity of recent events , the principles of economics are largely unchanged .
Students still need to learn about the gains from trade , supply and demand , the efficiency properties of market outcomes , and so on .
These topics will remain the bread - and - butter of introductory courses .
Nonetheless , the teaching of basic economics will need to change in some subtle ways in response to recent events .
Here are four :
THE ROLE OF FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS
Students have always learned that the purpose of the financial system is to direct the resources of savers , who have extra funds they are willing to lend , to investors , who have projects that need financing .
The Tiller family has announced that it is closing Dr. Tiller 's clinic .
The terrorists have won , and that assassination has succeeded in doing what it was meant to do .
I 'm sure the murderer is very happy tonight .
The bottom line on right wing terrorism against abortion rights is that it 's succeeding and has been for some time .
Take a good hard look at the chart at the top and try and tell me otherwise .
And when it comes to late term abortions , well , Tiller was one of the very few who still provided the service .
According to Tiller , speaking in March before his assassination , he was one of only three doctors left in the US doing such abortions .
Now there are two .
If those numbers are right , one third of all abortion doctors doing these abortions were just killed .
In the aftermath of Tiller 's death , I heard a lot of progressives talking about how the anti-abortion folks were losing .
The bottom line is that they 're winning .
It is harder to get abortions than it was 5 years ago , or 10 years ago , or 25 years ago .
Abortion access peaked in 1982 and has been declining ever since .
Consider that the US population has increased by approximately 30 % since 1982 .
At the same time the number of providers has dropped by over a third .
Now , most types of abortion violence had been in a slow , long term decline ( the exception is burglary ) so there 's certainly some reason for optimism .
At the same time I strongly suspect that anti-abortion violence will rise , along with other types of right wing terrorism , during Obama 's administration .
The larger point is simpler .
It 's harder to get an abortion than it has ever been since Roe vs .
Wade , because there are just less doctors who perform abortions .
Until more doctors step up and start providing abortions , especially late term abortions , this will continue .
It 's hard to blame doctors for not being willing to provide abortions .
Not only could you be killed for doing so , your family will be stalked and perhaps harmed , your clinic will be burglarized , you will be subject to constant legal harassment and your life will , in general , be made a living hell along with the lives of your family , friends and associates .
It 's a lot to ask of someone .
But this comes back to the truth of rights .
You have no rights that people are n't willing to suffer and die for .
Rights that someone wo n't put their life on the line for will be taken away by people who are willing to resort to intimidation , violence and to push for laws which take those rights away .
So the questions , then are these :
1 ) Where are the doctors who are willing to risk their lives , the lives of their families , and to endure constant harassment to ensure that women keep this right , not just in theory , but in practice ?
2 ) Where are the mass of people who will provide money , aid , and physical protection to the doctors who put their lives on the line ?
Yes , they exist even now , but obviously there are n't enough of them , because the number of abortion providers keeps going down .
Is this a right you 're willing to risk your life to keep ?
If enough people do n't answer that question yes , then you will continue to lose it .
Chart Source
Advertisements
The other shoe finally dropped in the story of South Carolina Republican Gov. Mark Sanford .
At his press conference today , Sanford admitted that he has been unfaithful to his wife by having an affair with a friend from Argentina .
Stanford also resigned as the chairman of the Republican Governors Association .
Whatever happened to the GOP ’s family values ?
Here is the video from MSNBC :
Advertisements
Sanford apologized to everyone including his family , his staff , and the people of South Carolina .
Was this really surprise after it became public knowledge that his family , and his staff had no idea where he was .
Then when it came out that he was n’t hiking on the Appalachian Trail .
There was something up , and it was only a matter of time before the other shoe dropped .
Sanford called his behavior selfish , which it was , but it was also irresponsible and reckless for a governor to abandon the people of his state to go see his mistress .
It is one thing for a politician to have personal failings , but it is another matter when those personal problems impact his professional duties .
Sanford does n’t deserve the public ’s trust .
Sen. John Ensign ( R - AZ ) , who admitted his own affair last week , was a rising GOP star , as was Sanford who was talked about as a potential 2012 candidate for the Republican presidential nomination .
This type of personal behavior devastates families and destroys Republican political careers .
This is the kind of scandal that damages the Republican Party as well .
The Republican Party used to moralize and be the party of family values .
The GOP used to know who they were , but these scandals lead me to question whether the Republican Party is not only going through an ideological , but also an identity crisis .
These high profile affairs make the GOP seem hypocritical on moral issues , especially when contrasted with the image of the Obama family in the White House .
Mark Sanford has gone from being characterized as bit flaky , to problem of perception for the Republican Party .
Sanford may politically survive in South Carolina , but he is finished as a national figure .
Ensign ’s affair with a married staffer was bad enough , but to blow off Father ’s Day with his four kids , to cheat on his family is a special degree of low .
It is a shattering day for his family because their problems have become public , and a black eye for the GOP that this man was the head of the Republican Governor ’s Association .
Pétition
Étudiant·e·s de L1 de Psychologie de l'Université de Paris face au chaos de la rentrée 2020
Auteur : Étudiant·e·s de Licence 1 de ...
217 signatures
À Boulogne - Billancourt , le 30 septembre 2020 À l’attention de la Présidence de l ’Université de Paris et du Doyen de la Faculté Sociétés et Humanités , des Responsables des Services d’enseignement de l’Institut de Psychologie , ...
A 30 - year - old Northern California woman has pleaded not guilty to charges that she had sex with three teenage boys .
Deborah
Towe faces 11 felony counts , including unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor , oral copulation of a person under the age of 16 , committing lewd acts upon a child and arranging a meeting with a minor for a lewd purpose .
The boys were 15 and 16 years old .
Police in Anderson , about 150 miles north of Sacramento , began investigating in April after two girls from a local middle school reported that a friend ’s mother was having sex with boys .
In a 48 - page report released this week , Towe told police she was protecting her daughter by diverting the boys ’ attention to herself .
She denied the charges during an appearance Wednesday in Shasta County Superior Court .
Towe remains jailed , with her bond set at $ 250,000 .
US Supreme Court limits Sixth Amendment right to legal counsel
By Michael Stapleton
15 June 2009
On May 26 , the US Supreme handed down a ruling weakening a key civil liberties protection laid down in the first ten amendments of the US Constitution , known as the Bill of Rights .
In the case of Montejo v. Louisiana , decided by a five - to - four majority , the court limited the right to legal counsel that is stipulated in the Sixth Amendment .
“ Swing ” Justice Anthony Kennedy joined with the four justices who comprise the right - wing bloc on the court to override one of the court ’s prior decisions , a highly unusual occurrence .
The decision , authored by the ideological leader of the court ’s right wing , Antonin Scalia , and joined by Chief Justice John Roberts , Justice Clarence Thomas and Justice Thomas Alito , overruled Michigan v. Jackson , decided in 1986 .
Justice John Paul Stevens , who authored the Jackson opinion , wrote a dissent which was joined by Justices David Souter and Ruth Bader Ginsburg , and , except for a footnote , by Justice Stephen Breyer .
Stevens also read his dissent aloud in court , something rarely done .
The petitioner in the case , Jesse Montejo , was arrested by law enforcement in Gretna , Louisiana on September 6 , 2002 in connection with the robbery and murder of Lewis Ferrari .
Montejo waived his Miranda rights , which include the right of silence and the right to an attorney , and police questioned him through the late afternoon and evening of September 6 , and the early morning hours of September 7 .
During this questioning , Montejo ultimately admitted that he shot and killed Ferrari during the course of a botched robbery .
Montejo appeared in St. Tammany Parish district court on September 10 and a judge appointed an attorney to represent him .
Later on September 10 , without the knowledge or consent of Montejo ’s court - appointed attorney , two detectives took him on a drive to locate the murder weapon .
During the course of the ride , Montejo again waived his Miranda rights and wrote an apology letter to Ferrari ’s widow .
Upon his return , for the first time Montejo met his attorney , who was outraged that the detectives had questioned his client without the presence or permission of legal counsel .
At trial , the district court allowed the prosecutor to introduce the letter of apology over the objection of defense counsel that the letter was obtained by police in violation of the Sixth Amendment right to counsel .
The jury convicted Montejo and the trial court sentenced him to death .
The Louisiana Supreme Court upheld the conviction and sentence , as well as the trial court ’s decision to allow the introduction of the letter .
With regard to the letter , the Louisiana Supreme Court attempted to distinguish Montejo ’s case from the US Supreme Court ’s decision in Michigan v. Jackson .
Jackson prohibits police from initiating questioning of “ a defendant who has been formally charged with a crime and who has requested appointment of counsel at his arraignment , ” unless they obtain permission from the defendant ’s attorney .
The Louisiana Supreme Court claimed that Jackson did not apply because Montejo had not “ requested ” counsel at his arraignment ; rather the court had appointed him counsel on its own initiative .
The US Supreme Court unanimously agreed to hear Montejo ’s case , but instead of correcting the Louisiana Supreme Court ’s tortuous reading of Jackson , five of the justices took the opportunity to water down the protections provided by the Bill of Rights by overruling Jackson .
Justice Stevens recognized the extraordinary nature of the majority ’s decision by beginning his dissent with the following paragraph :
“ Today the Court properly concludes that the Louisiana Supreme Court ’s parsimonious reading of our decision in [ Jackson ] is indefensible .
Yet the Court does not reverse .
Rather , on its own initiative and without any evidence that the longstanding Sixth Amendment protections established in Jackson have caused any harm to the workings of the criminal justice system , the Court rejects Jackson outright on the grounds that it is ‘ untenable as a theoretical and doctrinal matter . ’
That conclusion rests on a misinterpretation of Jackson ’s rationale and a gross undervaluation of the rule of stare decisis .
The police interrogation in this case clearly violated petitioner ’s Sixth Amendment right to counsel . ”
The majority ’s decision makes clear their intention of watering down the Bill of Rights .
The court could have invoked the doctrine of “ harmless error ” to uphold Montejo ’s conviction while still acknowledging , or not ruling upon , the police violation of his Sixth Amendment rights .
Appellate courts have long used “ harmless error ” to declare that a new trial is unnecessary because the errors made at trial did not affect the outcome .
In 1967 , the Supreme Court held that this can apply even when the errors involve constitutional violations .
In Montejo ’s case , the September 10 , 2002 letter was superfluous for the conviction because the jury heard the admissions Montejo made on September 6 and 7 , 2002 .
Instead , the court seized upon the Montejo case to attack the Sixth Amendment .
At the same time , the majority ’s decision to overrule Jackson also undermines the principle of stare decisis , which guides courts to follow precedents established in prior cases .
While the US Supreme Court has always had the authority to overrule one of its prior decisions , stare decisis dictates that it should do so with caution .
Commenting on the decision of the five justice majority to overrule Jackson , Stevens wrote : “ Despite the fact that the rule established in Jackson remains relevant , well grounded in constitutional precedent , and easily administrable , the Court today rejects it sua sponte [ on its own ] .
Such a decision can only diminish the public ’s confidence in the reliability and fairness of our system of justice . ”
The majority ’s rationale for overruling Jackson predictably included exaggerated worries about “ letting guilty and possibly dangerous criminals go free . ”
In response , the dissent pointed out “ several amici [ friends of the court ] with interest in law enforcement have conceded that the application of Jackson ’s protective rule rarely impedes prosecution . ”
Scalia flippantly replied in his opinion that “ if the rule truly does not hinder law enforcement or make much practical difference , then there is no reason to be particularly exercised about its demise . ”
In his opinion , Scalia blurred the distinction between the Fifth and Sixth Amendments by , as Stevens stated in the dissent , “ assuming that the Miranda warnings given in this case , designed purely to safeguard the Fifth Amendment right against self - crimination , were somehow adequate to protect Montejo ’s more robust Sixth Amendment right to counsel . ”
As Stevens ’ noted , “ the purpose of the Sixth Amendment is to protect the unaided layman at critical confrontations with his adversary by giving him the right to rely on counsel as a medium between himself and the State . ”
The majority labeled Stevens ’ dissent a revisionist view of Jackson — even though Stevens was the author of the Jackson decision in 1986 .
Perhaps most telling in regard to the majority ’s attitude towards the Bill of Rights is Scalia ’s quotation of the following portion of then - Justice William Rehnquist ’s dissent in Jackson .
Rehnquist , who was promoted by President Reagan in 1986 to the position of chief justice , a post he held until his death in 2005 , wrote that prohibiting all police interrogations from the moment a defendant ’s Sixth Amendment right to counsel becomes effective would constitute a “ shockingly dramatic restructuring of the balance this Court has traditionally struck between the rights of the defendant and those of the larger society . ”
This broadside reflects the anti-democratic outlook which sees the Bill of Rights as fundamentally at odds with the interests of the “ larger society . ”
It also exposes the right - wing justices ’ claim that it is they who interpret with fidelity the intent of the framers of the Constitution .
The framers of the Bill of Rights were of the revolutionary generation of 1776 .
They drew up the first ten amendments to the Constitution in the light of the struggle against the repression of the British crown , against which the American Revolution was fought .
The Bill of Rights was drawn up and passed for the explicit purpose of protecting individual liberties against the excesses of the state .
The Court ’s decision in Montejo is one of many recent decisions which seeks to undo those revolutionary gains .
Remember the PPI Razor GTR ?
Well , after Essen Motor Show 2008 , where I could see a prototype , supercar landed at Top Marques Monaco 2009 as production .
PPI Razor GTR is not just another Audi R8 thunderous , but the most extreme R8’s .
Under the hood we find a V8 surcharge engine of 4.2 liters developing not less than 580 hp at 7400 rpm and 600 Nm at 6200 rpm .
In addition , besides the increase of power , weight decreased by 250 kg .
The result ?
0 – 100 km / h in just 3.7 seconds and a maximum speed of 332 km / h .
Other technical changes include a new exhaust system , suspension hydraulics and a performance braking .
PPI Razor GTR
PPI Razor GTR
PPI Razor GTR
From an aesthetic , the new kit aerodynamic reflected perfectly in the performance engine .
Also , the German supercar received new wheels measuring 19 inches in front and 20 inches back .
Interior carbon fiber dominates among skin Onyx Nubuck and accents of orange .
Global leader for Mobile Gaming Soltions
Macarne Limited started as a game studio more than 15 years ago .
Our vision was to make mobile devices the leading platform for games .
This vision is now a reality .
We are today the leading provider of gaming services .
Our core competence is the operation of our Gaming Cloud .
This offers game studios the possibility to run their games securely and with a top performance .
With more than 15 server locations we cover every continent and all important markets .
With our offices in Hong Kong and London , we are always geographically close to our customers .
Our customers include the who's who of the gaming industry .
If you want to get in touch with our sales department , please send us an email .
[ email protected ]
Are we just weeks away from a U.S. invasion of Pakistan ?
General David Petraeus , the head of Central Command , which covers all U.S. forces in the Middle East and south Asia , is now saying that there may be just two weeks left to prevent the Taliban from overthrowing Pakistan ’s increasingly fragile government .
Just a few weeks ago , radical Islamic militants advanced to within 60 miles of Islamabad , the capital of Pakistan .
Renewed fighting between government forces and extremist forces has left dozens dead in just the past few days .
General Petraeus is now saying that “ the Pakistanis have run out of excuses ” and that they are going to have to take the militants head on if they want their government to survive .
Even Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is talking tough .
Last week she publicly accused the Pakistani government of “ abdicating to the Taliban ” .
In a recent interview with Fox News , Clinton made this stunning statement : “ If the worst , the unthinkable , were to happen , and this advancing Taliban encouraged and supported by al - Qaida and other extremists were to essentially topple the government for failure to beat them back , then they would have the keys to the nuclear arsenal of Pakistan . ”
The majority of Americans have totally ignored what is going on in Pakistan , but the situation is becoming quite dire .
Just check out the following news report …..
The truth is that there is NO WAY that the U.S. is going to let Pakistan get taken over by radical Islamic forces .
Pakistan has a substantial nuclear arsenal , and while the U.S. would be quite hesitant to commit U.S. troops to Pakistan , the reality is that the U.S. government does not believe that they can afford to allow nuclear weapons to fall into the hands of the Taliban .
Previously , President Barack Obama had expressed a willingness to expand the U.S. presence in Pakistan , but he did not seem eager to commit U.S. soldiers there .
Shortly after his administration began , Obama claimed that “ the safety of people around the world is at stake ” and that it was important for the U.S. to maintain a strong military presence in the region .
Obama called the mountainous Pakistani side of the Afghan border “ the most dangerous place in the world ” and reaffirmed the U.S. view that in order for the war in Afghanistan to be successful , the U.S. military would have to go after al - Qaeda forces in Pakistan .
Obama also said this at the time : “ Let me be clear : al - Qaeda and its allies — the terrorists who planned and supported the 9/11 attacks — are in Pakistan and Afghanistan . ”
This came on the heels of the announcement that 4,000 more U.S. troops will be sent to Afghanistan , in addition to the 17,000 increase that had already been announced .
Obama ’s plan also includes a goal of boosting the Afghan army from 80,000 to 134,000 troops by 2011 .
The U.K. is also now offering its full backing for a comprehensive military campaign inside of Pakistan .
In fact , U.K. Defense Secretary John Hutton says that there must now be “ an equal focus on both countries ” .
Current government plans call for the U.K. to send an additional 2,000 British troops to Afghanistan .
Up until now , most people in both the U.S. and the U.K. have mistakenly believed that their governments were only involved in two wars – in Iraq and in Afghanistan .
However , the truth is that both governments have been deeply involved in a covert war against Islamic militants inside Pakistan that has been going on for quite some time now .
The reality is that U.S. special forces based in Afghanistan have been carrying out regular missions into Pakistan ’s tribal areas since early September 2008 .
The New York Times even goes so far as to call what was happening as a “ covert war run by the Central Intelligence Agency inside Pakistan ” – and if even the New York Times is admitting it , then the U.S. government is not even really trying to hide it anymore .
But it is not just U.S. forces that are deeply involved in the covert war inside Pakistan .
A stunning report has revealed that British agents colluded in the torture of Pakistani terrorism suspects by the ISI inside Pakistan .
Officially the British government is “ against torture ” , but apparently they have no problem letting ISI agents torture the living daylights out of Islamic militants while they watch .
In addition , it has now been revealed that the CIA was covertly using the Shamsi airfield in Pakistan ( which is 30 miles INSIDE the Pakistani border ) to launch operations against targets within Pakistan .
Wow .
How could the U.S. deny that they were at war inside Pakistan when they are using bases inside Pakistan to launch attacks on Pakistani soil ?
Well , with the newest announcements by Obama , the U.S. is not even trying to deny it anymore .
The U.S. is at war inside of Pakistan .
However , at the same time the U.S. has expanded their war against Islamic militants , the central government in Pakistan is seeking to appease them .
In a very curious move , the Pakistani government is promising to impose Islamic law and to suspend military operations against extremists in areas known to be havens for terrorist organizations .
Now why in the world would the Pakistani government be doing that ?
It seems that the goals of the Pakistani government are directly opposed to the goals of the U.S. and the U.K. at this point .
The truth is that the Pakistani government tried to win over the Islamic militants through appeasement , but that only seemed to embolden them .
Pro-Taliban leaders in Pakistan now claim that they want to impose Sharia law on the whole country .
So what will come of all this ?
Nobody really knows , but for now it seems as though the situation seems likely to become more volatile in the near future .
Just what the American taxpayers need – another costly war to pay for .
American voters believed that they were going to see less war with Obama in office , but now it seems as though the reality is that we are all going to see a lot more war .
Brad DeLong recently pondered Fredrich Hayek and his market cycle theories as related to today ’s geopolitical scene .
He did so in light of Paul Krugman ’s 5/27/2005 NY
Times op - ed , “ Running Out of Bubbles , ”
Remember the stock market bubble ?
With everything that 's happened since 2000 , it feels like ancient history .
But a few pessimists , notably Stephen Roach of Morgan Stanley , argue that we have not yet paid the price for our past excesses .
I 've never fully accepted that view .
But looking at the housing market , I 'm starting to reconsider .
In July 2001 , Paul McCulley , an economist at Pimco , the giant bond fund , predicted that the Federal Reserve would simply replace one bubble with another .
" There is room , " he wrote , " for the Fed to create a bubble in housing prices , if necessary , to sustain American hedonism .
And I think the Fed has the will to do so , even though political correctness would demand that Mr. Greenspan deny any such thing . "
As Mr. McCulley predicted , interest rate cuts led to soaring home prices , which led in turn not just to a construction boom but to high consumer spending , because homeowners used mortgage refinancing to go deeper into debt .
All of this created jobs to make up for those lost when the stock bubble burst .
Now the question is what can replace the housing bubble .
Nobody thought the economy could rely forever on home buying and refinancing .
But the hope was that by the time the housing boom petered out , it would no longer be needed .
But although the housing boom has lasted longer than anyone could have imagined , the economy would still be in big trouble if it came to an end .
That is , if the hectic pace of home construction were to cool , and consumers were to stop borrowing against their houses , the economy would slow down sharply .
If housing prices actually started falling , we'd be looking at a very nasty scene , in which both construction and consumer spending would plunge , pushing the economy right back into recession .
That 's why it 's so ominous to see signs that America 's housing market , like the stock market at the end of the last decade , is approaching the final , feverish stages of a speculative bubble .
Some analysts still insist that housing prices are n't out of line .
But someone will always come up with reasons why seemingly absurd asset prices make sense .
Remember " Dow 36,000 " ?
Robert Shiller , who argued against such rationalizations and correctly called the stock bubble in his book " Irrational Exuberance , " has added an ominous analysis of the housing market to the new edition , and says the housing bubble " may be the biggest bubble in U.S. history . "
In parts of the country there 's a speculative fever among people who should n't be speculators that seems all too familiar from past bubbles - the shoeshine boys with stock tips in the 1920's , the beer - and - pizza joints showing CNBC , not ESPN , on their TV sets in the 1990's .
Even Alan Greenspan now admits that we have " characteristics of bubbles " in the housing market , but only " in certain areas . "
And it 's true that the craziest scenes are concentrated in a few regions , like coastal Florida and California .
But these are n't tiny regions ; they 're big and wealthy , so that the national housing market as a whole looks pretty bubbly .
Many home purchases are speculative ; the National Association of Realtors estimates that 23 percent of the homes sold last year were bought for investment , not to live in .
According to Business Week , 31 percent of new mortgages are interest only , a sign that people are stretching to their financial limits .
The important point to remember is that the bursting of the stock market bubble hurt lots of people - not just those who bought stocks near their peak .
By the summer of 2003 , private - sector employment was three million below its 2001 peak .
And the job losses would have been much worse if the stock bubble had n't been quickly replaced with a housing bubble .
So what happens if the housing bubble bursts ?
It will be the same thing all over again , unless the Fed can find something to take its place .
And it 's hard to imagine what that might be .
After all , the Fed 's ability to manage the economy mainly comes from its ability to create booms and busts in the housing market .
If housing enters a post - bubble slump , what 's left ?
Mr. Roach believes that the Fed 's apparent success after 2001 was an illusion , that it simply piled up trouble for the future .
I hope he 's wrong .
But the Fed does seem to be running out of bubbles .
DeLong calls Krugman ’s musing “ Getting in touch with his inner Frederich Hayek , ” and says he would admonish Krugman for his “ wobble away from Keynesian orthodoxy toward Stephen Roach - Friedrich Hayek deviationism ” if he was n’t beginning to lean that way himself .
There are many who still deride Hayek ’s market cycle message ( see trailing comments on Delong ’s post ) .
But fewer than when I studied economics in the 70s at Utah State University , or at least where I took many economics classes when I was n’t playing or studying forestry , natural resource policy , philosophy of science , and whatever else I could find to keep myself out of the job market .
Chicago School Neoclassical theory reigned supreme at Utah State then , and probably does today .
It was not only the Austrians who were given short shrift , Keynesians too were looked upon with disdain in my graduate studies .
I suspect that was n’t too unusual in those days when Neoclassical economic thinking was the rage .
That was before the Monetarists began using Keynesian manipulation techniques ( or at least before they openly admitted to such ) .
Are we seeing an awakening among economists ?
Maybe we ’ll even one day see Brad Delong , Brad Setser , and others talking up Hyman Minsky ’s Keynesian market cycles .
Maybe we ’ll see DeLong and Setser giving credit to other economists who do n’t yet get much recognition in their writings .
In the meantime , I did a search of DeLong ’s site for references to Hyman Minsky and found only a few , including this one from me , 10/10/2004 :
… echoing Otmar Issing , Kenneth Galbraith , Hyman Minsky and others :
Good monetary policy is aware of emerging bubbles , and working hand in glove with fiscal policy deals with them before the Minsky - predicted “ ponzi finance ” stage sets in wherein irrational exuberance and corruption reign supreme .
It does little good to pretend or act like the left hand does n't know what the right hand is doing .
And this one from Chip Poirot , 01/21/2005 , in response to DeLong ’s 1/19/2005 “ Am I a Secret Austrian ? ”
Brad should take some time to read Minsky and a few of the articles at the Levy Institute .
Do n't take me wrong , I 'm open minded enough to concede a few good points in Austrian Business Cycle theory .
But here 's the rub .
The part that I like ( essentially an argument about over investment in capital and too much debt piling up ) always blames the crisis on " too much money " .
Money matters for the Austrians , but only in a bad way .
Of course Minsky and other Keynesians who understood Keynes ( money matters and not ** just ** in a bad way ) have published quite a bit on how these cycles of overinvestment , too much debt followed by crises is generated endogenously by the cycle of accumulation - not by evil central bankers .
Kindleberger examined this whole debate in his classic " The World in Depression " and to my satisfaction ( OK admittedly my threshold on this issue is low ) demolished Rothbard 's explanation for the Great Depression .
So why oh why are we ruled by the mainstream straightforward , aggregate demand - money does not matter Keynesians ?
Finally , as long as we are championing Minsky , and Levy Economics Institute , take a look at what “ It ’s Still the Economy , Stupid ” posted as “ A fantastic paper ” 11/31/2003 .
PS .
And here 's a direct link to the " fantastic " paper , " by L. Randall Wray and Dimitri Papadimitriou , " Understanding Deflation : Treating the Disease , Not the Symptoms , " since the link from " It 's Still the Economy , Stupid " does n't seem to work .
A new comprehensive MIT study of the probabilistic projections of climate change in this century found that absent aggressive intervention , warming will likely be about twice as severe as previously estimated by the MIT model six years ago .
The new projections , published this month in the American Meteorological Society ’s Journal of Climate , indicate a median probability of surface warming of 5.2 °C by 2100 , with a 90 % probability range of 3.5 to 7.4 degrees .
This can be compared to a median projected increase in the 2003 study of 2.4 degrees .
However , if recently published data , suggesting stronger 20th century ocean warming , are used to determine the input climate parameters , the median projected warning at the end of the 21st century is only 4.1 °C .
Nevertheless all our simulations have a much smaller probability of warming less than 2.4°C , than implied by the lower bound of the IPCC AR4 projected likely range for the A1 FI scenario , which has forcing very similar to our median projection .
— Sokolov et al. ( 2009 )
The difference is caused by several factors rather than any single big change .
Among these are improved economic modeling and newer economic data showing less chance of low emissions than had been projected in the earlier scenarios .
Other changes include accounting for the past masking of underlying warming by the cooling induced by 20th century volcanoes , and for emissions of soot , which can add to the warming effect .
In addition , measurements of deep ocean temperature rises , which enable estimates of how fast heat and carbon dioxide are removed from the atmosphere and transferred to the ocean depths , imply lower transfer rates than previously estimated .
Study co-author Ronald Prinn , the co-director of the Joint Program and director of MIT ’s Center for Global Change Science says these and a variety of other changes based on new measurements and new analyses changed the odds on what could be expected in this century in the “ no policy ” scenarios — that is , where there are no policies in place that specifically induce reductions in greenhouse gas emissions .
Overall , the changes “ unfortunately largely summed up all in the same direction , ” he says .
“ Overall , they stacked up so they caused more projected global warming . ”
The study uses the MIT Integrated Global Systems Model , a detailed computer simulation of global economic activity and climate processes that has been developed and refined by the Joint Program on the Science and Policy of Global Change since the early 1990s .
The new research involved 400 runs of the model with each run using slight variations in input parameters , selected so that each run has about an equal probability of being correct based on present observations and knowledge .
Other research groups have estimated the probabilities of various outcomes , based on variations in the physical response of the climate system itself .
But the MIT model is the only one that interactively includes detailed treatment of possible changes in human activities as well — such as the degree of economic growth , with its associated energy use , in different countries .
While the outcomes in the “ no policy ” projections now look much worse than before , there is less change from previous work in the projected outcomes if strong policies are put in place now to drastically curb greenhouse gas emissions .
Without action , “ there is significantly more risk than we previously estimated , ” Prinn says .
“ This increases the urgency for significant policy action . ”
The lead author of the paper describing the new projections is Andrei Sokolov , research scientist in the Joint Program .
Other authors , besides Sokolov and Prinn , include Peter H. Stone , Chris E. Forest , Sergey Paltsev , Adam Schlosser , Stephanie Dutkiewicz , John Reilly , Marcus Sarofim , Chien Wang and Henry D. Jacoby , all of the MIT Joint Program on the Science and Policy of Global Change , as well as Mort Webster of MIT ’s Engineering Systems Division and D. Kicklighter , B. Felzer and J. Melillo of the Marine Biological Laboratory at Woods Hole .
This work was supported in part by grants from the Office of Science of the US Dept. of Energy , and by the industrial and foundation sponsors of the MIT Joint Program on the Science and Policy of Global Change .
Resources
World War I ended twice .
The first time Germany won .
To understand the unwarranted hysteria surrounding Iran , you would have had to be listening to the radio or reading the newspapers when Germany won World War I and offered the losers a simple status quo and end of the war .
WWI , " the war to end all wars , " allegedly began in Europe over clashes for " spheres of influence " .
Gavrilo Princip , the 19 - year - old assassin and member of the Black Hand Secret Society , envisioned the death of the Archduke as the key that would unlock the shackles binding his people to the Austro - Hungarian Empire .
The Serbian government kept a close watch on Black Hand activities and knew of the plot to kill the Archduke .
The prime minister of Serbia , Nikola Pasic , gave instructions for the three men to be arrested and the Black Hander in charge of the plot was told to abort the mission , but inexplicably neither order was carried out .
The War over the Archduke was over in 1917 , but before the losers could accept defeat with no punitive conditions , they were approached with an offer they should have refused .
The House of Rothschild and the International Banking community agreed to bring America into the war in exchange for the famous Balfour Declaration .
The Balfour Declaration was not a declaration or public statement , but a letter drafted by Lord Alfred Milner , a Rothschild employee to Lord Lionel Walter Rothschild . " ( 3 )
Wilson did n’t keep us out of war .
Winston Churchill claimed , " The U.S. entry in the war cost one million British , French , American , and other lives . "
Up to and during the 1916 Presidential campaign , the U.S. had no interest in a European adventure , even after the suspicious sinking of " 45,000 tons of live bait " , the Lusitania .
President Wilson campaigned for re-election with the slogan , " He kept us out of war . "
Then ninety days after beginning his second term , he called upon Congress for a declaration of war in order to " make the world safe for democracy . "
No one was fooled by Wilson ’s mysterious change in position , so a massive government propaganda campaign and the Espionage Act were required to sell the war .
It was now a crime for Americans to speak against their government ’s war effort , incite disloyalty , or encourage men to resist the draft .
J.P. Morgan , Abraham Kuhn , Solomon Loeb and Rothschild ’s financial empire were the power behind the Federal Income tax , the Federal Reserve , millions of deaths from two world wars and Woodrow Wilson ’s political career . ( 4 )
Another particularly influential figure promoting Woodrow Wilson was New York attorney Samuel Untermeyer , a leader in the Zionist movement and the man who financed the Scofield bible . ( 5 )
Wilson , the former " man of peace " , pleaded with Congress to declare war against Germany because he had an affair with a married woman , Mary Peck , when he was president of Princeton .
Shortly after the inauguration , Samuel Untermeyer , attorney and generous contributor to Wilson ’s presidential campaign , contacted Wilson about a breach of promise legal action from his client , Mary Peck .
Untermeyer informed President Wilson that his client was willing to accept $ 40,000 in lieu of commencing a breach of promise action .
Wilson did not have the money and Untermeyer volunteered to pay the money on the condition that Wilson would appoint his recommended nominee to the first vacancy on the United States Supreme Court .
On June 14 , 1916 , Louis Dembitz Brandeis , the most politically influential of all Zionists in the United States , was appointed to the Supreme Court on Untermeyer ’s recommendation .
Supreme Court Justice Brandeis volunteered his opinion to President Wilson that the sinking of the S.S. Sussex by a German submarine in the English Channel justified the declaration of war against Germany . ( 6 )
As Samuel Landman , the former secretary of the World Zionist Organization , disclosed :
" The only way . . . to induce the American president to come into the war ( was ) to secure the cooperation of Zionist Jews by promising them Palestine , and thus enlist and mobilize the hitherto unsuspectedly powerful forces of Zionist Jews in America and elsewhere in favor of the Allies on a quid pro quo contract basis , the Balfour Declaration . "
The second time WWI was over the Allies won .
The Treaty of Versailles was the agreement among the winners , the Allies , to decide on how to punish the losers , the Central Powers .
The Treaty was so unfair that when the French leader , Clemencea , was asked by the press what the leaders had given the world with the treaty , he said , " We have guaranteed another war in twenty years . "
Prescott Bush , patriarch of two Presidents and connected to the House of Rothschild , was funding Hitler from America , while German soldiers were killing Americans .
Bush ’s company was seized under the " Trading With The Enemy " Act , yet the Anti-Defamation League has never criticized the Bush family .
Under Versailles , the old Austrian Empire was Balkanized and the corrupt Weimar government forced on the German people made Hitler ’s rise to power possible .
Anti-Germanism
Americans who did not live through the Second World War cannot imagine the pervasive atmosphere of hatred against Germans that began in 1933 .
More than eight years before the Old Pearl Harbor , the American people were emotionally conditioned to wage war and spare nothing in their effort to kill Germans .
The emerging anti-Germanism and the mental image of Germans as arrogant , cruel , treacherous , and brutal helped convict Bruno Hauptmann of the Lindberg Kidnapping .
The March 1 , 1932 kidnapping of Charles Lindbergh , Jr. , and the sensational " trial of the century " is thought to have been committed by a carpenter who fought against U. S. forces in World War I .
German - born Hauptmann , shy , hardworking , and frugal , was called " filthiest vilest snake that ever crawled through the grass " and " public enemy number one of this world " .
The prosecution ’s case was largely circumstantial and he could not have been convicted without the ransom note " obviously " written by a German struggling with the English language .
" After 2 - 2 days we will inform you were to deliver the Mony .
We warn you for making anyding public or for notify the polise the child is in gute care . "
At the time , many people believed , and still continue to believe , that Hauptmann was innocent , including New Jersey Gov. Harold Hoffman , who publicly aired his doubts about Hauptmann ’s guilt .
All attempts to win a confession before and after his conviction proved fruitless .
Authorities offered to spare him the death penalty and a newspaper promised to give Hauptmann ’s widow , Anna , and young son $ 75,000 if he would provide the paper with details of his kidnapping .
Still on April 3 , 1936 , he went to the electric chair insisting he was entirely innocent . ( 7 )
The mass news and entertainment media was the most important single factor behind the U.S. entry into the Second World War .
However , there were still vocal opponents to launching a genocidal crusade against the Germans in 1941 .
Aviation hero Charles Lindbergh ( his father was a virulent opponent of the Federal Reserve ) gave his famous Speech on September 11 , " urging Americans to remain against intervention of the European war " .
People are entitled to come to their own conclusions .
The Munich Agreement : Tragic Blunder
From the World Book Encyclopedia :
" On September 29 , 1938 , an agreement was signed between Hitler and Great Britain ’s Neville Chamberlain calling for a peaceful revision of the wrongs committed by the Treaty of Versailles that would have avoided World War II .
Hitler said the Sudetland was " the last territorial claim I have to make in Europe . "
But German troops invade Poland on Sept 1 , 1939 , starting World War II .
The Munich Agreement was one of the worst of the tragic blunders that led up to the war . "
Blunder ?
Unlikely
World Book scholars neglected to read the November 14 , 1938 front page of the Völkischer Beobachter , reporting the death of Vom Rath .
" Reichskristallnacht , Crystal night : cause and effect . "
The Munich agreement was not signed because Ernst vom Rath was killed when a Polish Jew , Herschel Grynszpan , walked into the German Embassy in France one week earlier and assassinates , according to most historical accounts , a " top German " diplomat , as revenge for the expulsion of Herschel ’s parents from Germany to Poland .
Joseph Goebbels suspects a Jewish conspiracy and plans a show trial hoping to demonstrate Grynszpan ’s link with the Zionists to plunge Europe into a war but the trial is scrapped when Grynszpan fabricates a story about a homosexual liaison between the junior diplomat and himself .
The wartime court documents reveal Goebbels is correct .
" Grynszpan first accosts Count Welczek , the German ambassador , in the street outside the embassy , and demanded to know " where he could find the ambassador " .
Count Welczek , sensing trouble , did not identify himself but helpfully directed the stranger into the First Secretary ’s office , where the assassin , who was well - heeled with both money and an expensive gun , pumped the bullets into Ernst vom Rath , believing him to be the ambassador .
The unemployed illegal immigrant Grynszpan had checked into an expensive hotel just round the corner from the offices of LICA , the forerunner of the modern Zionist activist group LICRA .
One of the foremost barristers in Paris is hired by LICA to defend Grynszpan after he was arrested . " ( 8 )
Again , people are entitled to come to their own conclusions .
" Crystal night " or the Night of Broken Glass , was the " effect " ; a pogrom in Nazi Germany that marked the beginning of the systematic Entfernung ( translation : removal or expulsion ) of the Jews and served as a prelude to the Holocaust that was to follow .
On a single night , 91 Jews were murdered and 25,000 – 30,000 were arrested and deported to concentration camps .
On September 11 , 1939 , WWII begins when " economic warfare is forced on Germany " .
Six days later , the Soviet Union invaded Poland and when the fighting was over multiple millions are removed , some permanently and the Jewish race , which was not Entfernung , had formed their own state and became a powerful force in world politics .
World War III
Should humanity risk World War III because George W. Bush told his Supreme Court he needed to torture whales and dolphins to prevent a sneak attack on Santa Barbara by Iran ’s modern silent submarines ?
The electronic , and what ’s left of the print media , will be instrumental in withholding or biasing the news and editorial comment to get the world to accept the irreversible step of a Nuclear attack on Iran .
People are waking up .
There are a growing number of people raising awareness about the danger of a nuclear war with Iran .
As all life in our world is threatened with nuclear extinction , I urge you to visit
Nuclear Freeze , where you can find authoritative and informative material on the Fight to keep the Planet Nuclear - Free .
[ 1 ] Sep 24 , 2007 at Columbia University , Ahmadinejad said " he did not deny the Holocaust occurred , but did n’t see what was wrong with asking questions about it .
I ’m not saying that it did n’t happen at all [ But ] can you argue that researching a phenomenon is finished forever , done ?
Can we close the books fore ever on a historical event ? "
[ 2 ] " Our intelligence community assesses that , with continued foreign assistance , Iran could develop an intercontinental ballistic missile capable of reaching the United States and all of Europe before 2015 , if it chooses to do so , and the international community does not take steps to prevent it , it is possible Iran could have this capability .
And we may need to take it seriously –now . "
George W. Bush , October 23 , 2007 speech to the National Defense University .
[ 3 ] Carroll Quigley , Georgetown history professor , wrote the " Balfour Declaration was actually drafted by Lord Alfred Milner , a Rothschild employee . "
[ 4 ] Zionism – the Hidden Tyranny – Benjamin H. Freedman , The Greatest Story Never Told , Winston Churchill and the Crash of 1929 by Pat Riott , pg. 20
[ 5 ] Zionism – the Hidden Tyranny – Benjamin H. Freedman , The New York Times , December 8 , 1922
[ 6 ]
Zionism – the Hidden Tyranny – Benjamin H. Freedman , The Greatest Story Never Told , Winston Churchill and the Crash of 1929 by Pat Riott , pg. 20
[ 7 ]
The Hoffman Case , Time Magazine , Monday , Apr. 13 , 1936 , http://www.time.com/...
http://www.law.umkc.edu/...
[ 8 ] Goebbels .
Mastermind of the Third Reich ( London , 1996 ) by David Irving ,
http://judicial-inc.biz/...
Embattled Kent resigns , effective Tuesday Judge Kent resigns amid impeachment proceedings
U.S. District Judge Samuel Kent resigned via an unusual no - frills letter that he hand - delivered in prison to two Senate officials who had come to serve a summons on him as part of ongoing impeachment proceedings in U.S. Congress .
The resignation of Kent , a convicted felon who had continued to collect his $ 174,000 - a- year salary in prison , was announced to the surprised participants at the first meeting of the Senate ’s impeachment trial committee Thursday afternoon in Washington .
The committee is chaired by Sen. Claire McCaskill , D - Mo. , who announced Kent had handed in a resignation , effective Tuesday , on plain paper to the Senate ’s sergeant - at - arms during a prison visit .
Kent had earlier offered to resign in mid-2010 — a move that angered U.S.
House officials , who quickly voted to impeach him rather than let him collect his salary for the first year of his 33 - month sentence .
He could be removed from office only after a trial in the U.S. Senate .
Kent pleaded guilty earlier this year to obstruction of justice and admitted to sexually molesting two women who worked for him when he served as the federal judge in Galveston .
One - sentence note
When Senate officials showed up at the Devens Federal Medical Center in Massachusetts on Wednesday afternoon , Kent gave them a one - sentence resignation .
Rep. Jim Sensenbrenner , R - Wis. , who served as one of the House managers for Kent ’s impeachment , told the Chronicle on Thursday that he was “ pleased to learn that Judge Kent has resubmitted his resignation , this time effective on June 30 , 2009 . ”
“ Kent ’s realization that we would not allow him to take advantage of the system proves that the system works and justice has been served , ” Sensenbrenner said .
“ I hope this process reminds other judges that they are not above the laws they took an oath to uphold .
I hope the women Mr. Kent assaulted will find some closure in this man being behind bars and no longer being able to serve on the bench or collect a taxpayer - funded paycheck . ”
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell said that the letter of resignation would be delivered to the president and a certified copy would go to the House of Representatives .
End of an ‘ ordeal ’
In a separate statement , House impeachment managers and Senate leaders said that after the president accepts Kent ’s resignation , first the House of Representatives and then the Senate would determine what — if any — further action is necessary .
Rep. Adam B. Schiff , D - Calif. , the lead House manager said : “ Judge Kent ’s conduct undermined the institution of the Judiciary and the public ’s confidence .
…
Regrettably , impeachment was necessary to secure his removal from office , but I believe his resignation , when accepted by the president , will obviate the need to put his victims through any further ordeal . ”
Terry Yates , a Houston attorney for Donna Wilkerson , a legal secretary who was one of Kent ’s victims , said his client was happy she would not have to face a trial in the Senate and be forced to publicly tell her story again .
Rusty Hardin , a lawyer who represented Cathy McBroom , Kent ’s former case manager who first blew the whistle on his abuse in 2007 , said the resignation brought an end to a long ordeal for both women .
“ I ’m glad Kent finally did the decent thing and spared them from having to testify before the Senate . …
I ’m happy and I ’m surprised , ” Hardin said .
lise.olsen@chron.com
Sunglasses and military outfits are Kim Jong - il 's trademark
The little that is known about Kim Jong - il , North Korea 's leader , conjures up a caricature of a diminutive playboy , a comic picture at odds with his brutal regime .
Diplomats and escaped dissidents talk of a vain , paranoid , cognac - guzzling hypochondriac .
He is said to wear platform shoes and favour a bouffant hairstyle in order to appear taller than his 1.57 m ( 5 ft 3in ) .
But analysts are undecided whether his eccentricities mask the cunning mind of a master manipulator or betray an irrational madman .
Mr Kim may well encourage the myth - making surrounding him precisely in order to keep the Western world guessing .
North Korea has little to bargain with , and ignorance breeds fear .
Film buff
The analysis of him as a mercurial fantasist is certainly beguiling .
I know I 'm an object of criticism in the world but if I am being talked about , I must be doing the right things
Kim Jong-il
He is said to have a library of 20,000 Hollywood movies and to have even written a book on the cinema .
He even went so far as to engineer the kidnapping , in 1978 , of a South Korean film director and his girlfriend .
This taste for the exotic apparently extends to gastronomy .
Konstantin Pulikovsky , a Russian emissary who travelled with Mr Kim by train across Russia , reported that the North Korean leader had live lobsters air - lifted to the train every day which he ate with silver chopsticks .
The two men shared champagne with a bevy of female companions of " utmost beauty and intelligence " , according to Mr Pulikovsky .
Mr Kim also has a reputation as a drinker .
He was seen draining 10 glasses of wine during his 2000 summit with South Korean President Kim Dae-jung and is known to have a taste for Hennessy VSOP cognac .
Strategist
But such an unlikely reputation masks Mr Kim 's dangerous past .
I found him very much on top of his brief
Madeleine Albright
former US Secretary of State ,
As head of North Korea 's special forces for much of the 70s and 80s , he has been linked by defectors to international terrorist activities , including the 1986 bombing of a Korean Airlines jet in which 115 people died .
Nor should it be assumed that eccentricity means inability .
Mr Kim is said to follow assiduously international events on the internet and some see him as a clever manipulator , willing to take great risks to underpin his regime - such as his apparent decision to test a nuclear device .
Former US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright , who has met Mr Kim , said that the North Korean leader was very well informed and " not delusional " .
" I found him very much on top of his brief , " she added , although she noted that some of the comments he made about his plans for the North Korean economy sounded illogical .
Birth ' blessed '
The cult surrounding Kim Jong - il extends even to his birth .
He was born in Siberia in 1941 when his father , Kim Il - sung , was in exile in the former Soviet Union .
But according to official North Korean accounts , he was born in a log cabin at his father 's guerrilla base on North Korea 's highest mountain , Mt Paektu , in February 1942 .
The event was reportedly marked by a double rainbow and a bright star in the sky .
The younger Kim graduated from Kim Il - sung University in 1964 , and after a period of grooming for leadership , he was officially designated successor to his father in 1980 .
But he did not hold any positions of real power until 1991 , when he took control of the armed forces - despite his lack of military experience .
Analysts believe he was given the position to counter potential resistance to his eventual succession .
After the death of Kim Il - sung in 1994 , it was three years before he took over the leadership of the ruling Korean Workers ' Party .
Typically , he has kept his choice of successor close to his chest , if indeed he has made a decision .
Speculation has often focused on his eldest son , but one South Korean report suggested that he had named his third son .
It 's an important question - Mr Kim reportedly suffers from heart disease and diabetes , and his disappearance from public view in late 2008 prompted reports that he had suffered a stroke .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Based on our research and selection process , we found LastPass to be our top choice for the best software apps .
Why is Lastpass so important and high up in our list ?
Because LastPass is a password management solution that allows you to keep your digital life secure .
Offering a free version of its software , you do n’t even need to shell out any money to get started .
Store all your passwords in a secure vault and access them on any of your devices .
The auto - fill password function makes logging into your favorite services a breeze , and if you need any help coming up with a secure password , just use the password generator .
To find the best software apps for your computer , smartphone , and tablet , we began by examining vast libraries of software , selecting options across broad categories , including password management , booking , anti-virus solutions , music , maps , weather , entertainment , and much more .
Depending on what you wish to do with your electronic devices , you may need to seek out different software solutions .
We explore the best options so that you can enjoy your digital life with ease .
For more of the best software apps , keep on reading .
Top 12 Best Software Apps
# 1 LastPass
Award : TOP PICK
WHY WE LIKE IT : Our top pick allows you to generate new passwords and maintain your existing passwords with zero effort .
Tap your screen or click a button and LastPass auto - fills your password , so you do n’t need to remember it .
Pros
Secure your digital passwords
Secure your digital passwords
Access on all your devices
Access on all your devices Generate new secure passwords Cons Advanced multi-factor requires a subscription
LastPass is a password management solution that allows you to secure your digital passwords , keeping your online life safe and secure .
Generate new passwords as needed and do n’t worry about remembering them thanks to LastPass ’ auto - fill feature when browsing the web or using your favorite apps .
You ’ll be able to access all your passwords across your various devices , including Mac , Windows PCs , Android , and iOS .
It can even manage your passwords for any of these 6 best personal finance software .
A free model is available to get started today , but some advanced features require a subscription .
# 2 Quickbooks
Award : HONORABLE MENTION
WHY WE LIKE IT : Easily manage all of your accounting , payroll , and payment needs with this piece of software .
Features include sending out invoices with reminders , finding tax savings , and managing your business all from your smartphone , tablet , or computer .
Pros
Track invoices & accept payments
Track invoices & accept payments
Find tax savings for your business
Find tax savings for your business Manage 1099 contractors with ease Cons Does n’t include full payroll service
There is a reason Intuit ’s Quickbooks offering has stood as a standard in the world of finance .
Use Quickbook to manage business tasks , including accounting , payroll , expenses , sales tax , and run reports .
Thanks to the powerful invoicing system , you can send custom reminders and receive money with direct deposit quickly .
If you ’re working with others , Quickbooks can also assist with managing 1099 contractors .
It one of the best budgeting software apps for Mac or Windows .
Just know that the full payroll service is an extra addition if you need the advanced features .
Access via a desktop version or mobile apps and take control of your small business or large enterprise .
# 3 AVG Anti-Virus
Award : BEST SECURITY SOFTWARE
WHY WE LIKE IT : Protect your favorite devices from viruses and malware without needing to worry constantly , thanks to computer , web , and email scanning .
You can even keep an eye on hacker attacks , your device ’s privacy , and your personal bank information .
Pros
Protects against viruses & malware
Protects against viruses & malware Block unsafe web links & downloads
Block unsafe web links & downloads Receive real - time security updates Cons Firewall protection requires upgrade
There are a plethora of anti-virus security solutions available for download , but if you are looking for an option that you can trust to protect against viruses and malware , AVG Anti-Virus is our # 1 choice .
The best antivirus software .
AVG even blocks unsafe web links and downloads ( even drag and drop ) before they hit your computer .
Additionally , with real - time security updates , you wo n’t need to worry that your software is n’t ready for the task at hand .
Note that AVG ’s firewall protection will require an upgrade from the company ’s free plan to a pro version .
Available as a Windows app , Mac app , or for Android and iOS mobile devices .
# 4 Google Maps
Award : BEST TRAVEL SOFTWARE
WHY WE LIKE IT :
When you need to get from point A to point B , there is no better option .
Receive real - time traffic updates , plan your next road trip , search for new business , and enjoy the satellite photography views , all with a few clicks .
Pros
Real - time traffic map updates
Real - time traffic map updates
Find new businesses & locations
Find new businesses & locations Plan road trips ahead of time Cons Map data may have inaccuracies
Google Maps is the defacto standard for mapping software ; you can download it to your favorite iOS or Android device , or access via the web .
Plan out your next road trip and use analytical data to find the best travel times , or obtain directions based on real - time traffic information .
Google Maps can help you discover new places of interest , but we did notice that some information can contain inaccuracies .
Still , we wo n’t go with any other option .
It tried it with my Chromebook , and it seems like one of the best Chromebook apps on my list .
# 5 Spotify
Award : BEST MUSIC SOFTWARE
WHY WE LIKE IT : Access millions of different songs and podcasts , taking your favorite music anywhere you go .
No longer do you need to destroy your wallet to listen to the latest tracks , you can do it all here — even free .
Pros
Listen to millions of songs
Listen to millions of songs
Access your favorite podcasts
Access your favorite podcasts A wide array of mobile apps Cons Is n’t the best option for iPhone
Spotify has been around for over a decade , allowing listeners to access their favorite artists , albums , and songs , without needing to shell out their latest paycheck constantly .
Using Spotify , you can access millions of songs , as well as podcasts .
Spotify has plenty of mobile apps , so you can enjoy music on your iPad , iPhone , Android device , Windows device , or Amazon Fire device .
Spotify is n’t our favorite option for the iPhone due to its complexity with Siri control , but it certainly is n’t a slouch when it comes to music .
# 6 Loom
Award : BEST SCREEN RECORDING APP
WHY WE LIKE IT :
If you ’re tired of typing or simply need to show everyone something in a visual fashion , this app allows you to record both yourself and your screen with ease .
Explain complex information without searching for the right words .
Pros
Record your screen for coworkers
Record your screen for coworkers Capture video messages
Capture video messages Highlight items on the screen Cons Takes time to record
Loom is an app that allows coworkers to record their computer screens and themselves , sharing video messages with others — great for explaining complicated information or referencing visual data in Microsoft Office .
Your captured video messages can instantly be sent to others to receive comments and reactions .
If you need to point to something on the screen , use the built - in drawing tools as an aide .
Just give yourself a bit of extra time , as for some , this can take more time to produce than a standard message — editing tool and cloud storage included .
# 7 WhatsApp
Award : BEST WORLDWIDE COMMUNICATION APP
WHY WE LIKE IT : Send messages to family and friends , no matter where they are located in the world .
Create groups with individuals and share with others via voice messages , text , documents , video calls , and more .
Pros
Send messages worldwide
Send messages worldwide Create groups with others
Create groups with others
Chat via text , voice , or video Cons Web-version is n’t up to par
If you have family members abroad , you may be familiar with WhatsApp ; this excellent software app allows you to communicate with others around the world .
You can send standard text messages and video files , or spice things up with real - time voice and video chat options .
Create groups with your friends , family , and coworkers for quick access and feel secure thanks to the app ’s end - to - end encryption .
The app works great on mobile , but we feel the web app could be improved as it ’s missing a few more advanced features .
# 8 Duolingo
Award : BEST LANGUAGE LEARNING APP
WHY WE LIKE IT : Practice a new language whenever and wherever you have time , using your phone to learn new terms and phrases .
Through text , pictures , sound clips , and min-stories , you can quickly become bilingual , or even polylingual .
Pros
Learn a new language
Learn a new language Three - dozen language options
Three - dozen language options Mini-stories build comprehension Cons
No one - on - one training
In the past , learning a new language meant taking an expensive school course or digging out sets of cassette tapes ; thanks to the smartphone and Duolingo , you can learn wherever you are and wherever you want .
Duolingo offers three dozen different language options for English speakers , using text , pictures , and sound clips , to help you advance .
Mini-stories even help to build your reading comprehension skills .
Duolingo is great , now we just wish there was an extra option for one - on - one learning with a teacher !
# 9 Netflix
Award : BEST STREAMING MOVIE & TV APP
WHY WE LIKE IT : Offering a solid selection of Hollowood movies , independent projects , and original TV shows , this app has become a staple for anyone who loves entertainment .
Different plans allow you to watch in 1080 p or even 4 K Ultra HD quality .
Pros
Watch Hollywood movies
Watch Hollywood movies Access original TV shows
Access original TV shows Enjoy 4 k Ultra HD resolution Cons Lower plans are limited
If you have an entertainment center , you likely already have the Netflix app installed .
Watch famous Hollywood movies , independent film projects , and Netflix original TV shows with your subscription .
Upgrade to the 4K Ultra HD plan to take advantage of the latest in cinema - quality and create profiles for different members of your household to keep track of what they want to watch .
The company ’s lower plans are a bit limited , so we recommend checking which each tier offers before signing up for the service .
# 10 Weather Channel
Award : BEST FORECAST APP
WHY WE LIKE IT : Available on nearly every mobile platform and the web , you can access reliable forecast information with only a few clicks or taps .
Even keep a close eye on allergy risks , so you know when it might be best to stay indoors .
Pros
View forecasts two weeks out
View forecasts two weeks out Access current condition in real - time
Access current condition in real - time Track allergies & health concerns Cons Weather radar requires a subscription
Whip out your smartphone with the Weather Channel app and quickly see the current weather conditions in real - time .
If it ’s about to rain , you ’ll know about it .
Or , if you ’re planning a big trip , view the forecast for out to two weeks out .
The Weather Channel takes a further step in improving its users ’ lives thanks to its allergy and health tracking — great for those with asthma , dry skin , or seasonal allergies .
The only downside we found in the app is that access to the weather radar requires an ongoing paid subscription .
# 11 Headspace
Award : BEST MEDITATION APP
WHY WE LIKE IT : Take a breath in this high - stress world with this app , featuring guided meditation options , sleep stories , and inspiring stories to get your day started .
If you ’re new to meditation , the app will even help you get started .
Pros
On - demand meditation options
On - demand meditation options Sleep stories for restless nights
Sleep stories for restless nights Listen at home or at work Cons Limited selection for children
The world is moving fast and sometimes it can appear as though everything is spinning , but you can take control thanks to Headspace .
This mindfulness app for iOS and Android , allows you to access on - demand meditation options wherever you need them — at home or at work .
Sleep stories are also included to help you fall asleep if you ’re having a difficult night .
There is a section included for children , but do n’t rely on it too heavily as we found it limited .
You can get started with a free trial .
# 12 MyFitnessPal
Award : BEST HEALTH APP
WHY WE LIKE IT : Track your calories and keep an eye on your activity throughout the day with this excellent health app .
If you need a bit of motivation , you can even join the world ’s largest fitness community for advice , tips , and support .
Pros
Track your calories intake
Track your calories intake Scan food barcodes for logging
Scan food barcodes for logging Receive recipes & inspiration Cons Some foods may not be registered
Keeping in shape can be difficult , but whether you ’re looking to lose a few pounds or maintain your current weight , MyFitnessPal can help .
Use the app ’s built - in pedometer to track your steps or sync with your favorite devices such as Apple Watch and Fitbit .
Track your calories easily by using the built - in barcode scanner or search bar ; some items do n’t show up in the database , but you can always add new foods manually .
Along the way , you ’ll even receive healthy recipes and inspiration from blog posts and support groups .
How We Decided
To find the best software apps , we began by looking at the most popular categories of offerings , including password management , booking , anti-virus solutions , music , maps , weather , entertainment , and much more .
Once we identified a software category , we searched out the best software app in the category .
By testing every app on our list , and conducting extensive research , we know that any option you pick will be of the highest quality and will help you shape your life .
Our smartphones have become more powerful than ever before , and these software tools will allow you to get the most out of your technology .
Dr Gary Cass of the Christian Anti-Defamation Commission has defended a church that performed a gruelling exorcism on a 16 - year - old boy .
Manifested Glory Church in Bridgeport , CT , has been widely condemned after a video was released showing the boy writhing around on the floor as a preacher attempted to rid him of the demon supposedly behind his homosexuality .
As others held the teenager in place , occasionally propping him up , the preacher shouted , “ You homosexual spirit , we call you out right now .
You have no power .
…
Loose your grip , Lucifer , you sex demon , ” among other commands to the Devil .
Now Dr Cass has decried critics , accusing them of intolerance :
Where is the tolerance for a church who tried to help a young man who freely asked for help to overcome homosexual temptations ? …
No church deserves to be maligned for trying to help a troubled teen who asked for prayer .
He insinuates ( helped by Christian Newswire ’s headline , which unnecessarily identifies Manifested Glory as a black church ) that racism is behind the criticisms :
White homosexual activists who demand tolerance for their sexual sin have no right to defame black Christians for practicing their Constitutional religious liberty .
…
As far as we know , this young man went to church on his own prerogative and left the church physically unharmed .
This kind of demonic deliverance is in fact found in Pentecostal and charismatic churches regardless of ethnicity , which leaves Dr Cass ’s accusation baseless .
The real concern here is that a 16 - year - old – white , black or anywhere in - between – was subjected to such an intense ordeal .
And if he did consent to being treated in this way , to what kind of abusive teaching must he have been exposed to get to the point where he was convinced his sexual orientation was the result of possession by Satan ?
Watch the video below :
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhedHERfcXk[/youtube]
KOTA , Pakistan , May 15 ( Reuters ) - Pakistani authorities temporarily lifted a curfew on Friday to enable thousands of people to flee the fighting in the militant bastion of Swat and join more than 800,000 who have already left .
The army launched an offensive in Swat , northwest of Islamabad , last week to stop the spread of Taliban influence which had alarmed the United States and other Western allies of nuclear - armed Pakistan .
The military said the curfew was being lifted in Minogra , Swat 's main town which the Taliban still control , and other areas for eight hours to 2 p.m. ( 0800 GMT ) .
" We have been waiting for the curfew to be lifted as the fighting has intensified and our food was almost finished , " said Mohammad Zari , fleeing Minogra on foot with his family .
Hundreds of people were streaming down a road from Swat , heading south where authorities have set up camps on the low land .
[ ID : nISL430893 ]
The army , which is surrounding Minogra , has banned private cars from entering the town but the government had laid on 150 vehicles about 8 km ( five miles ) southwest to take people away , the military said .
At least 830,000 people have fled from their homes , joining more than 500,000 displaced by earlier fighting in the northwest .
The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees has called for massive international help to avert a tragedy .
Residents began fleeing late last month when the army attacked the Taliban in two districts near
Swat they had occupied in violation of a February peace pact aimed at ending violence in the former tourist valley .
Prime Minister Yusuf Raza Gilani said on Thursday the army would defeat the Taliban militarily but risked losing the support of the people if did not help those forced from their homes in the country 's largest ever internal displacement .
PUBLIC SUPPORT
The offensive in Swat came after the United States accused the government of " abdicating " to the militants .
Pakistani action against militants in its northwest is vital for U.S. efforts to defeat al Qaeda and stabilise neighbouring Afghanistan .
Most political parties and members of the public support the offensive , despite widespread scepticism about a close alliance with the United States in its campaign against militancy .
But opposition will grow if many civilians are killed in the fighting or if the displaced are seen to be enduring undue hardship .
The military has said there have been no reports of civilian casualties in its actions as soldiers were targeting militants in mountains and urban warfare had not started .
Though it has warned that would come .
The military said late on Thursday about 124 militants and nine soldiers had been killed in the previous 24 hours .
That would take the toll to around 870 militants and 45 soldiers .
Reporters have left Swat and there was no independent confirmation of the casualties .
About 15,000 members of the security forces are facing about 5,000 militants in the Swat region , the military says .
Obama offers nothing to states , cities devastated by GM plant closures
By Tom Eley
3 June 2009
Plant closings resulting from Monday ’s forced bankruptcy of General Motors will cause spiraling unemployment and deep cuts in social services in many cities and states across the country .
The Obama administration , whose Auto Task Force dictated the terms of the bankruptcy , has offered no serious aid to the affected workers and their communities .
GM is carrying out at least 21,000 job cuts and the closure of 14 plants and warehouses in eight states .
In addition , the company has announced its intention to dump franchise agreements with 2,300 dealerships by the end of next year .
Many of these will be forced to close , eliminating as many as 100,000 jobs in all 50 states .
The gutting of GM , once the most powerful corporation in the world and a symbol of US industrial might , will send shock waves through the economy , cascading into more layoffs at parts suppliers and financial ruin for thousands of small businesses .
The bankruptcy will immediately result in state and local cuts in social services , health care and education , with city and state workers targeted for layoffs , wages cuts and other concessions .
It will accelerate the foreclosure crisis and further drive down home prices , as tens of thousands of workers are no longer able to meet their mortgage payments .
The Obama administration is using the concessions and layoffs , agreed to by the United Auto Workers , to attack the wages and benefits of the entire working class .
Corporations will take the concessions imposed on auto workers as a signal for similar measures against their own workers .
Pontiac Truck & Bus plant
The state of Michigan , which already has the highest unemployment rate in the nation at 12.9 percent , will bear the brunt of the closures , with 42 percent of all national GM layoffs taking place there .
Nearly 9,000 jobs will be lost in Michigan from Monday ’s announced plant closures .
The shutdowns are concentrated in southeast Michigan .
They will be carried out in Flint , Livonia , Orion Township , Pontiac and Ypsilanti Township .
On Friday , 700 workers were laid off when GM shuttered a stamping plant in Grand Rapids , in southwest Michigan .
It is estimated that since 2000 , Michigan has lost 17 percent of its jobs — about three quarters of a million in all — as a direct result of the crisis in the auto industry .
Now the state anticipates 520,000 job losses this year and next .
The consequences for the state ’s limited social welfare system will be disastrous .
According to one estimate , Michigan could lose an additional $ 18.3 billion in income .
It already faces a $ 3 billion two - year budget shortfall , and officials recently revised downward their revenue estimate for the 2010 fiscal year by $ 1.7 billion , calling for an across - the - board spending cut of 8 percent .
“ It ’s clearly going to impact the safety net , ” Governor Jennifer Granholm warned .
“ People , who are hurting , need services more , and we have fewer dollars . ”
Michigan has already carried out $ 300 million in budget cuts for the current fiscal year .
Oakland County in suburban Detroit will lose three factories and 6,600 jobs , the most of any county .
Oakland County was already in difficult financial straits due to declining property tax revenue , a result of layoffs and the foreclosure crisis .
The loss of GM - related tax revenue will result in layoffs for county workers and sharp cuts in social programs , said Bob Daddow , Oakland County ’s deputy executive .
“ I will be going to war , ” Daddow told the Detroit News .
“ We will need to make cuts in all departments .
We have been doing these cuts all along ... but the worst is yet to come on governmental revenues . ”
The closure of the GM Truck and Bus plant will deepen the social crisis in impoverished Pontiac , Michigan .
About 1,100 workers will lose their jobs , and the city will lose 20 percent of its current tax base , or $ 10 million , said Fred Leeb , the city ’s emergency financial manager .
Leeb made clear that Pontiac ’s working class would pay the price for the shutdown .
“ We fear that we are going to have to cut even more deeply , ” he told the Detroit News .
“ And there will be concessions to ask from the ( city ) unions . ”
Flint , Michigan has lost about 50,000 GM jobs in 30 years .
One thousand more were added to the grim tally when GM said Monday it would close its Powertrain Flint North plant .
Monday night , the Flint City Council met to enact a series of measures to bridge a $ 13 million budget deficit , including the layoff of about 90 firefighters and police and the shuttering of a fire station .
The city of Livonia , an inner-ring suburb of Detroit , will lose its GM engine plant , and with it $ 474,000 in annual tax revenue , about 1 percent of its total .
City workers have already been asked to accept pay cuts .
The Detroit - Livonia - Warren area had an unemployment rate of 14 percent as of May .
Ypsilanti’s Willow Run transmission plant laid off 600 workers on Monday , and 500 more jobs will be shed by December 2010 .
The township will lose 4.4 percent of its tax revenue , and Washtenaw County will see a loss of $ 3.8 million in tax receipts .
The Ypsilanti Public Schools confront a $ 1.4 million deficit , which will be met primarily through teacher layoffs .
The city faces a budget deficit of almost a half million dollars .
In Livingston County , Michigan , the GM bankruptcy may lead to a number of parts suppliers shutting down .
Already hundreds of auto parts workers have lost their jobs in recent months , according to the county ’s Economic Development Council director , Fred Dillingham .
Metaldyne , which employs 100 workers in the county , last week filed for bankruptcy protection .
“ We have a number of companies with as much as 90 percent of their business from GM .
We have an awful lot of trickle - down effect from GM , ” Dillingham told Livingston Community News .
The closure of GM Mansfield in Ontario , Ohio is likely to result in the elimination of city jobs and pay cuts for municipal employees .
With revenues already down a quarter million dollars , the city is bracing for disaster .
Spring Hill , Tennessee , which has seen its Saturn plant idled , most likely to be closed permanently , was a single - industry town .
When GM opened the plant in 1990 , fewer than 1,500 people lived there .
Now it has 24,000 inhabitants .
The collapse of the Big Three has brought with it a sharp decline in funding for the arts and culture .
The General Motors Foundation , which contributed $ 31.4 million to the arts in 2007 , has told many art and cultural organizations , “ mostly in Detroit , ” not to count on any contributions this year , the Financial Times reported last week .
Toledo ,
Ohio , recently announced that its three - day jazz festival , the Art Tatum Jazz Heritage Festival , would be cancelled this year after Chrysler said it would no longer provide $ 100,000 in annual funding .
In the face of this mounting social crisis , President Barack Obama has offered little more than rhetorical palliatives , telling workers that their “ sacrifices ” will ensure the future for coming generations .
But for the auto workers ’ children , the future foretells poverty amidst a crumbling social safety net .
On Tuesday , Obama sent Edward Montgomery , his director of recovery for auto communities and workers , along with Labor Secretary Hilda Solis , to tour a Romulus , Michigan GM plant that thus far has not been slated for closure .
This was followed by Solis ’ appearance at a “ worker round table ” at Eastern Michigan University in Ypsilanti , the ostensible purpose of which was to discuss the retraining of workers for new jobs in the “ green economy . ”
The meeting was little more than a media stunt organized by the Democratic Party and UAW executives to present the Obama administration as a defender of jobs and divert working class anger along nationalist lines .
In her remarks , Solis outlined a series of “ job training ” programs that will supposedly equip workers for new high - tech and environmentally - friendly industries .
But as Solis and Obama well know , these token programs cannot possibly provide decent employment for the vast majority of the workers who are losing their jobs as a result of the administration ’s auto industry policy .
In what is shaping up as the worst job market since the Great Depression , even college graduates — many with degrees in engineering , computer science , robotics and management — face the highest rate of unemployment for those with a four - year degree in decades .
Among the Obama administration initiatives Solis outlined was $ 49 million in assistance to Michigan workers who have lost jobs due to “ international trade , ” federal assistance for the weatherization of homes , and summer youth programs .
These are already existing programs .
She could not announce any new programs to deal with the social crisis created by the bankruptcy of GM because the Obama administration has no plans for such programs .
After Solis spoke , the panel discussion was turned over to a number of local Democratic Party politicians and union officials .
Don Skidmore , the Willow Run UAW local president , set the “ America first ” tone , declaring , “ We ’ve got to stop the bleeding of American jobs south of the border ! ”
Another speaker demanded to know why Toledo , Ohio was able to keep its GM engine plant open .
The union officials are seeking to divide workers along national and even regional lines , in order to deflect attention from their real enemies — the Obama administration and the Wall Street financiers who are behind the carve - up of GM .
GM worker in Ypsilanti , Michigan
The World Socialist Web Site spoke with a small number of workers , most of whom were recently retired , who came to the meeting to demonstrate against the closure of the Willow Run plant .
Corky , a GM worker with 12 years , said , “ We thought we were going to stay open until 2010 .
On Friday when we walked out of work we thought we would be coming back in mid-July .
I got a call from a fellow worker that night saying we were no longer going to work there .
“ It ’s unfair .
We ’ve made enough sacrifices .
I ’m tired of it .
This was my seventh GM plant .
For two - and - a - half years I was driving down to Toledo , Ohio to work , even when gas was $ 4 a gallon .
I ’ve made sacrifices .
My dad is a retired GM worker and his benefits are being cut .
I put my blood and sweat into every transmission that comes off the line .
“ Yesterday when they announced the bankruptcy and plant closing I was all tears and emotions .
Now I ’m angry . ”
In effect , the decision by a three - judge panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit means it will be months before there is any chance that the Defense Department could be ordered to release the photographs .
Amrit Singh , a lawyer for the American Civil Liberties Union , which is seeking the release of the photographs as part of a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit , said she was disappointed by the court ’s ruling .
“ It will only serve to delay further the release of these photographs , which are critical for informing the ongoing public debate about the treatment of prisoners , ” she said .
Ms. Singh said the photos portrayed abuse in Afghanistan and Iraq in places other than Abu Ghraib prison , the Iraq jail made infamous in 2004 by photographs of abuse there , and would therefore show that abuse was “ not aberrational but systemic . ”
The photo issue is just one of several that are likely to generate opposition to the bill , which would also set aside $ 7.7 billion to prepare for a flu pandemic , provide $ 1 billion to encourage consumers to trade in older cars for more fuel - efficient models and allow detainees at the Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , center to be brought to the United States for trial .
The measure also clears the way for a $ 100 billion line of credit for the International Monetary Fund , which was the initial source of trouble for the spending bill .
Republicans strongly supported the spending legislation when it was considered this year , but have threatened to withhold their support over the foreign aid , saying some of the money could go to unfriendly governments .
With Republicans abandoning the measure , Democrats need as many votes as they can win over and the ban on releasing the photos emerged as a major obstacle .
In the meeting of House and Senate negotiators late Thursday afternoon , efforts to reinstate the ban were beaten back .
Microsoft ha messo a disposizione Windows 7 Upgrade Advisor , un'utility di facile utilizzo che permette di determinare se il nostro PC sarà in grado di supportare Seven dal punto di vista dei requisiti hardware minimi richiesti dal nuovo sistema operativo Microsoft .
Windows 7 Upgrade Advisor è una nuova utility messa a disposizione gratuitamente da Microsoft che , eseguita su un computer , esegue una scansione relativamente alle performance hardware e , al termine di essa , è in grado di dirci se Windows Seven funzionerà senza problemi sul PC .
In caso contrario , il tool ci informerà sui componenti hardware che potrebbero causare delle restrizioni al normale funzionamento di Seven .
Il programmino è molto utile in quanto , basandosi sui requisiti hardware richiesti da Seven e confrontandoli con i componenti hardware del nostro pc ( non solo hardware , ma anche software e dispositivi ) , riesce a stilare una sorta di " pagellina " finale relativa al livello di compatibilità hardware tra il nostro PC e Windows 7 .
L'utility è dunque molto utile per chi si chiede se sul proprio PC Windows 7 funzionerà ed eventualmente quali componenti ne freneranno il normale funzionamento .
In tal caso sarà consigliabile procedere ad un upgrade hardware nel caso in cui vorremo provare Seven e saggiarne al massimo le sue potenzialità .
Il rapporto finale generato da Windows 7 Upgrade Advisor al termine della scansione ci permette di determinare se il PC è in grado di eseguire Windows 7 e fino a che livello .
L'utility è scaricabile da QUESTO link diretto .
Una volta avviato , il programma ci consiglia di collegare tutte le nostre periferiche al PC in maniera tale da poterle esaminare ed includere nel risultato della scansione informazioni utili anche su questi device :
Un click su " Start check " avvia la procedura di analisi hardware e software , che solitamente dura qualche minuto .
Al termine della scansione viene generato un report , che è possibile salvare , che ci informa sui potenziali problemi in cui potremmo incorrere nel caso in cui installassimo Seven .
Nel caso specifico mostrato dallo screen seguente lo spazio su disco disponibile è pari a soli 9,56GB : insufficienti per Seven .
Nessun problema per i restanti componenti hardware : CPU , RAM e VGA sono ok .
Riporto , di seguito , i requisiti hardware minimi ufficialmente annunciati da Microsoft per Windows 7 :
They spread through the Middle East , northern Italy and France before settling in the Atapuerca region in Spain , a fertile site at the confluence of two rivers which was heavily forested and provided an abundance of wild animals .
The Doonesbury comic strip of this past Sunday has caused a little bit of a stir in some of the rabbinic circles I travel in .
It also prompted this letter to Gary Trudeau from Rabbi David Saperstein , of the Reform Movement ’s Religious Action Center .
The eight colorful panels depict a young girl ( it ’s been a while since I ’ve read the strip , but my perusal of Wikipedia seems to suggest that she ’s Samantha , the 17 - year - old daughter of Boopsie and B.D. ) , reacting to a church service led by the venerable Reverend Scott Sloan .
The reading of an “ Old Testament ” passage about the wrath of God leads Samantha into an extended meditation on the superiority of Jesus , the loving pacifist , over the vengeful deity of the Hebrew Scriptures .
Jesus “ only really snaps once , ” she concludes , and then it ’s in response to “ the moneylenders . ”
“ Oh , right , what is it about moneylenders ? ” her mother asks .
“ They do seem to set people off , do n’t they ? ” the reverend avers .
Now , what is it exactly about this interchange that might raise Jewish hackles , I ask you ?
No one has suggested so far that Trudeau is motivated by anti-Semitic impulses , though Ron Kampeas , blogging at the Jewish Telegraphic Agency , offers the intriguing suggestion that Trudeau has never been able to escape the basic parameters of his WASPish weltanschauung , and , as corroboration , talkbackers have discerned a tendency to stereotype Jewish characters ( Phil Slackmeyer , Sid Kibbitz , Marcia Feinbloom . )
This one does n’t really fall under the heading of a serious affront , and I hope the Anti-Defamation League will , accordingly , save its resources for another occasion .
But I also do n’t think Trudeau deserves a free pass , either .
He has , let ’s say unwittingly , conjoined and perpetuated two rather pernicious canards that still have traction in the contemporary world — all the more so given the current state of the economy , and the extent to which people with names like Bernie Madoff and Lloyd Blankfein have been used to metonymize what has been , in reality , a beautifully multi-cultural clusterfuck .
So , if it ’s not the occasion for a full - on ritual of public apology , at the very least it ’s a teachable moment .
Christians , if you have n’t already , please take some time to recognize that the division of your scriptures into “ old ” and “ new ” , with a panting demiurge presiding over the first and a Guevarist lovegod community - organizing his way through the second is a false dichotomy , and a dangerous and frustrating one , at that , when it is used as a thumbnail sketch of Jewish - Christian difference .
Your “ old testament ” , what we call the Tanakh , portrays a God of manifold characteristics — from the friend and confidant of Abraham and , yes , the ferocious goader of the wilderness , to the ironic moral conscience of Jonah and the mystical whirlwind of Job — that have served as the basis for kaleidoscopic articulations of Jewish theology .
There ’s a lot in there I could do without , but remember too that the text accreted over at least a thousand years .
It is not , like the “ new testament , ” a concentrated response to a singular spiritual revolution .
It is an encyclopedia of images of God , and standard readings of Jesus , by contrast , can seem rather reductionist , and the Christian message of love all too often the mask of a repressed anger with a very strange and public act of sado - masochism at its core .
As for the moneylenders , it ’s just pure fun to point out that Trudeau misread the book of Matthew .
“ Jesus entered the temple area and drove out all who were buying and selling there .
He overturned the tables of the money - changers and the benches of those selling doves . ”
The text is not actually about liberating the poor from usurers .
( When we start to speculate about what unconscious association of ideas led Trudeau to make this slip — to associate those opposed to Jesus with usury — the game grows a little less fun . )
The money changers , who most likely provided a necessary service to pilgrims coming to the Temple from afar , seem to get caught up in Jesus ’s frenzy against those who conduct business in the sacred precinct .
That is to say , when Jesus gets mad , Mr. Trudeau , it ’s not like those vicious “ old testament ” prophets Isaiah and Amos , who were inveighing against the oppression of the poor .
Jesus , it turns out , is zealous in the defense of that old time religion , a “ nice Jewish boy , ” as the joke has it , “ who went into his father ’s business . ”
A woman in Aloha , Oregon , called 911 because she thought a deputy who had just visited her house on a complaint was good - looking .
After her neighbors reported a noise complaint , two sheriff 's deputies knocked on Lorna Jeanne Dudash 's door .
One of them caught her eye .
When they left , Dudash dialed 9 - 1 - 1 in a desperate attempt to get the deputy she described to dispatchers as “ a cutie pie ” to return .
She said that she did n't have an emergency ; she just wanted the dispatcher to “ throw the cute police back her way ” .
The “ cute ” deputy returned , and , once he determined there was no legitimate emergency , he arrested Dudash for misusing 9 - 1 - 1 .
She now faces a fine of up to several thousand dollars and up to a year in jail .
( right - click the black screen above and press " play " to listen )
http://www.kgw.com/news-local/stories/kgw_071306_news_desperate_911_call.c18f792.html
The woman who called 911 after getting locked inside her own car a440 _locked in car .
jpg A Florida woman called 911 because she was locked inside her car .
Turns out all she needed to do was manually pull up the lock on the door .
The unidentified woman was parked at a Walgreen 's store in Kissimmee .
" My car will not start .
I 'm locked inside my car , " the unidentified woman said .
" Nothing electrical works .
And it 's getting very hot in here , and I 'm not feeling well . "
The dispatcher then suggested pulling up the lock .
The woman tried it and was successfully able to open the door .
http://krmg.com/blogs/the_krmg_morning_news_blog/2009/04/911-call-florida-woman-locked.html
The lonely man who called 911 over 27,000 times a440_crankcalls.jpg John Triplette , a 45 - year - old unemployed man , was charged for abusing the 911 emergency line : he made over 27,000 calls to 911 .
Police says he was a lonely man who would call the dispatchers for company , sometimes hundreds of times a day .
He would also make various noises , including grunts and other bodily noises , minimal conversation in a disguised voice , beeps from the touch pad , etc .
The prank 911 calls were made from a T - Mobile cell phone which leaded to his arrest after police tracked his cell signal .
Police said he apologized for the calls .
He said he made them " because they were free . "
He faces $ 1,000 fine and / or six months in jail .
http://blogs.usatoday.com/ondeadline/2008/02/lonely-calif-ma.html
The woman who called 911 because McDonald 's did n't have McNuggets a440_mcnuggets.jpg
Angered that her local McDonald 's was out of Chicken McNuggets , a Florida woman called 911 three times to report the fast food " emergency . "
Latreasa Goodman , 27 , called police to complain that a cashier would not give her a refund .
When cops responded to the restaurant , Goodman told them , " This is an emergency .
If I had known they did n't have McNuggets , I would n't have given my money , and now she wants to give me a McDouble , but I do n't want one . "
She was arrested and the Police pressed charges for misusing the 911 system .
http://www.washingtontimes.com/weblogs/out-context/2009/mar/04/woman-who-called-911-over-mcnuggets-will-get-refun/
The wife who called 911 to make her husband stop watching porn a440_manwatchingporn.jpg
A frustrated German housewife called police because her husband would not stop watching porn movies .
The 44 - year - old woman , from Aachen , dialed the emergency police number and told the dispatcher in a weepy voice there was an emergency .
But when officers arrived at the scene they found her pacing the apartment while her husband , 46 , sat in front of the TV watching a blue movie .
She was told however that there was nothing the police could do in such a case , but refered her to a counselor for help .
http://www.ananova.com/news/story/sm_1782970.html?menu=news.quirkies.rockyrelationships
The 4 - year - old boy who called 911 because he could n't solve a math problem a440 _math problem.jpg A 4 - year - old kid named Johnny decided to call 911 when he needed help with his math homework .
Amazingly , the dispatcher actually helped him ; the video is a must - see .
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NBux8ji_Vwk
The woman who called 911 over lack of shrimp in fried rice a440_shrimp.jpg
A woman called 911 to report she did n't get as much shrimp as she wanted in her fried rice at a Fort Worth - area restaurant .
The angry customer told the the dispatcher , " to get a police officer up here , what has to happen ? "
The customer also said : " He did n't even put extra shrimp in there . "
The upset customer was gone when an officer arrived the next day .
Restaurant workers said the woman had been denied a refund after leaving with her order , returning later to complain .
The cook said there was nothing wrong with the meal .
http://es.truveo.com/Woman-Calls-911-For-More-Shrimp/id/36028839515334298|http://tweentribune.com/content/woman-calls-911-over-lack-shrimp-fried-rice
The couple who called the police to settle a cold feet row a440 _cold feet .
jpg
A woman called the local 911 in China after her boyfriend refused to warm up her cold feet .
Police officer Xiao Deng , of Ningbo , received two consecutive calls , one from the woman complaining her boyfriend refused to warm her feet - the other from the man saying his girlfriend was too demanding .
Deng went out to the rental apartment , close to Ningbo University , to try to resolve the issue but found the couple still rowing .
He eventually persuaded the boyfriend that it was a man 's job to warm his girlfriend 's feet but told the woman not to leave her feet there for too long .
The young couple put aside their differences and thanked him for coming out to solve their problem .
http://www.ananova.com/news/story/sm_3147958.html?menu=news.quirkies.rockyrelationships
The man who called 911 because he was turned away at a nightclub a 440 _ night club.jpg A man in Beaverton , Oregon called 911 when a nightclub refused to let him inside .
Employees at " The Caribe " nightclub in Beaverton said they did n't let Edgar Dieguez - Lopez inside because he was too intoxicated .
Dieguez - Lopez then called 911 and complained to dispatchers that he was denied entry .
Dispatchers explained through a translator that the club has a right to refuse service and asked him to wait outside for the police .
Officers responded to the club and found cocaine inside one of Dieguez - Lopez 's socks .
He was arrested on drug charges .
http://www.kptv.com/news/11077049/detail.html|http://www.kptv.com/video/11077041/
Chicken and yellow rice risotto recipe
Chicken and yellow rice is one of our favorite Cuban comfort foods .
In areas with large Cuban populations you can find yellow rice packages in the supermarket , but we prefer to make our own .
This recipe departs from tradition in that it 's technically a risotto , but keeps all the same great flavors ( along with the texture that risotto is famous for ) .
We add black beans to make it an entire meal in a bowl .
This recipe is more a technique than anything so feel free to augment the amounts to suit your needs .
It would even be good without the chicken if you want to go vegetarian ( in that case you 'd also want to use just water or vegetable stock ) .
Risotto is easy to make , but it may take you a couple of times to get the hang of it .
The general theory is to coat a high - starch rice ( we 're using Arborio since it 's easy to find ) in fat and then add the cooking liquid in intervals .
Add some stock , give it a stir and wait for it to absorb / evaporate .
Add some more stock , rinse repeat .
Stop adding stock when the rice is to your desired firmness .
Seasoning can be tricky since evaporated stock tends to be fairly salty , so it 's wise to be cautious with salt at the start of cooking .
Contrary to popular belief , you do not have to constantly stir risotto .
Recipe
Ingredients Chicken cut into bite sized chunks ( breast or thighs both work great ) , the amount is variable but we usually use about a pound
Olive oil
1 white or spanish onion diced
1 or 2 green bell peppers ( 1 large or 2 small )
2 cups Arborio rice
6 - 7 cups chicken stock
1 can black beans , drained Spice blend 2 teaspoons tumeric ( this gives the color ! )
1 teaspoon kosher salt
1 teaspoon black pepper
1 teaspoon cumin
( 1 teaspoon chipotle powder ) Instructions
Heat a large heavy bottomed pan over medium high with enough olive oil to coat the bottom Coat chicken with the spice blend and add to pan , if there 's any remaining spices save them and add with the onions and peppers
Let chicken brown on all sides and then remove it into a bowl ( it will finish cooking in the rice )
Add onion and bell pepper to the pan , if there 's not much oil left add more Start heating the chicken stock in a separate pan , you want to hold the stock at a near simmer
Once the onions and peppers have softened and taken on a bit of color , add in the rice and stir .
It 's important that every rice grain is coated in a thin layer of oil so once again if there 's not enough oil add a bit more
Put a cup of your heated stock in the pan , stir and wait for it to be absored .
Repeat until all your stock is used and / or rice is to your desired doneness .
We like it a little on the al dente side which usually takes about 20 minutes .
About halfway through the stock , introduce the chicken and any accumulated juiced into the rice Finish by stirring in the black beans and adjusting for seasoning A finishing pad of butter is a nice touch , but not required
Posted on May 26th 2009
FLAVORED oils are invaluable summer ingredients , at home over salads , grilled vegetables , meat , fish or almost anything else for that matter .
They ’re also among the simplest exotic kitchen creations imaginable .
You can pay $ 15 or even $ 30 for a half - liter bottle of flavored oil , or you can pay for oil plus herbs plus bottle , more likely to be around $ 10 a liter , and wind up with something considerably better .
Image Credit ... Evan Sung for The New York Times
And when you make these yourself , not only do you know the quality of your ingredients , you know how you want them combined ; when I see chili - rosemary - chive - pink peppercorn oil , for example , I want to run the other way .
When I make ginger oil , I ca n’t wait to cook with it .
The race was halted while the road was cleared .
Pic : Richard Thomas
A community council chairman has appeared in court in connection with the disruption of a major cycling event in Perthshire at the weekend .
Alex Grosset , 62 , from Bridge of Gaur , Pitlochry , has been charged with culpably and recklessly placing carpet tacks on the road .
Hundreds of cyclists suffered punctures during the Etape Caledonia on Sunday .
Mr Grosset , who appeared in private at Perth Sheriff Court , made no plea and has been released on bail .
Race halted
He has been a chairman of the Rannoch and Tummel Community Council and is also a church elder .
The single charge against him alleges that between 16 and 17 May he acted in a way which showed complete disregard for the safety of competitors and pedestrians .
He is alleged to have culpably and recklessly placed tacks on the road between Kinloch Rannoch and Tomphubil , and the B846 between Tomphubil and Aberfeldy .
The charge states that the road was being used for a closed road cycle event and that Mr Grosset 's actions caused damage to bicycles , emergency service vehicles and other associated vehicles .
The Etape Caledonia is the only cycle race in the UK where all the roads travelled on are closed to other traffic and the disruption had angered some local people .
About 3,500 cyclists took part in the event , which started and ended at Pitlochry , on Sunday .
However , the race was halted for about 1hr 30 mins after it became clear that cyclists were suffering punctures because there were tacks on the road .
Organisers of the event , which raised more that £ 200,000 for Macmillan Cancer Support , have pledged to run the race next year despite the incident .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
May 21 , 2009 Israel : Obama , Biden , Clinton Are " Stupid " , " Childish " , " Juvenile " Why is there no outrage when Israeli officials insult the President of the United States , the Vice - President and the Secretary of State ?
Mrs Clinton urged continued dialogue with the Palestinian Authority to create an independent Palestinian state in the West Bank and Gaza Strip .
“ We happen to believe that moving towards a two - state solution is in Israel ’s best interests , ” she said .
Clinton says two - state solution ' inescapable ' for Middle East , London Times , March 4 , 2009 --- Biden , speaking to a conference of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) , said Palestinians must halt militant violence and Israel " has to work for a two - state solution ... not build more settlements , dismantle existing outposts and allow Palestinians freedom of movement . "
Biden presses Israel on two - state solution , Reuters , May 5 , 2009 ---
" It is in the interests not only of the Palestinians but also the Israelis , the United States and the international community to achieve a two - state solution , " Obama told reporters with Netanyahu sitting beside him .
Obama presses two - state solution in U.S. - Israel talks , Reuters , May 18 , 2009 --- " This idea of two states for two peoples is a stupid and childish solution to a very complex problem , " senior members of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu staff said on Wednesday as the entourage made its way back to Israel from Washington .
...
[ A ] nother top advisor had no qualms with explicitly deriding the solution itself as " juvenile . "
' Fixation on two - state solution is childish ' , YNet , May 20 , 2009
Why is there no outrage when Israeli officials insult the President of the United States , the Vice - President and the Secretary of State ?
Posted by b on May 21 , 2009 at 13:42 UTC | Permalink Comments
Professor Tim Spector , director of the Twin Research Department at King 's College London and co-author of the study , said : " These findings show that emotional intelligence is an advantage in many aspects of your life including the bedroom .
This study will help enormously in the development of behavioural and cognitive therapies to improve women 's sexual lives . "
Nearly 40 years after Neil Armstrong walked on the moon and uttered his famous words , NASA this week will launch the first in a series of missions designed to return astronauts to the moon by 2020 .
The unmanned $ 504 million Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter , which launches Wednesday along with another satellite , is designed to take high - resolution photos to find safe future landing sites .
Other instruments will examine radiation levels and identify natural resources on the moon , such as ice , for possible use by future human outposts .
But even as the countdown for launch begins , a strenuous debate continues over whether the United States ' moon program will yield findings and technology that justify the more than $ 100 billion in costs .
In May , President Obama 's administration ordered a review of NASA 's current plan to end the space - shuttle program in 2010 and develop spacecraft to send astronauts to the moon .
Some scientists oppose the new moon program , saying NASA should focus instead on research on Mars and other planets .
Supporters argue that manned moon spaceflights are essential if humans ever hope to travel to Mars and beyond .
They say the moon is the best testing ground for how astronauts will handle extended stays in space .
There is no denying NASA has a history of turning moon flights into success stories .
The first manned moon landing was on July 20 , 1969 , and was a scientific and political triumph .
The U.S. was widely viewed as winning the space race against the Soviet Union .
Then - President Nixon called the landing " the greatest week in the history of the world since the Creation . "
Interesting scientific findings also emerged .
Analysis of moon rocks and soil , for instance , led to the prevailing theory that the moon formed after the Earth collided with an object the size of Mars or larger .
Astronauts would return to the moon again five times , but the program slowly fell out of favor .
The Nixon administration cut NASA 's budget , and the last manned U.S. flight to the moon occurred in December 1972 .
The country began focusing on other efforts such as the Skylab space station .
The case for the moon
So why go back to the moon now , decades later ?
It 's a question that Arizona State University Professor Mark Robinson , who 's overseeing the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter 's cameras , hears often .
He answers it with another question .
" Why do we continue to go to Antarctica ? " he asked a few weeks before the lunar orbiter was scheduled to launch .
There are , of course , the intangible social and political reasons , he says .
If a country wants to be seen as a world leader , it has to lead .
The space race once pitted the United States against the Soviet Union , and now China is emerging as the greatest competitor with plans to send humans to the moon .
The moon also is a steppingstone for getting humans to Mars and other planets .
Only four days ' travel from Earth , the moon is a logical place for astronauts to train and prepare for longer missions .
Then there are the pure - science reasons for returning .
Scientists such as Robinson view the moon as a way to study the early stages of planet evolution .
On Earth , tectonic plates shift and change the planet 's appearance , so the oldest rocks found on Earth so far are 4 billion years old .
On the moon , with little geological activity , rocks dating back 4.5 billion years lie right on the surface .
Scientists also want to explore the geology on various parts of the moon .
Past moon missions collected rocks only around the moon 's equator .
" Imagine if you were Martians and you sent six missions to Earth , and they went to six places in Africa , " Robinsons says .
" And when you landed , you could only go 2 miles from where you landed .
Do you think you could understand the whole continent of Africa ? "
Scientists want to know more about exactly how the moon formed .
To do that , they need more samples from various areas .
And they need to send manned or robotic spacecraft to collect them .
" This ( mission ) is helping plan where to go , " Robinson said .
Dimmer view of moon
Some space experts doubt whether NASA 's plans to return humans to the moon will ever happen .
Alex Roland , a NASA historian from 1973 to 1981 and now a history professor at Duke University , is among the skeptics .
He calls the vision for returning to the moon by 2020 un- realistic because then - President George W. Bush appropriated little money for the venture when he proposed it .
" It was brilliant politically , " he said .
" In an election year , he looks visionary , and none of the deliveries come until he leaves office .
There 's no risk in proposing this . "
Roland said presidents often grapple with whether to spend billions of dollars on space programs when there are so many other budget demands .
Yet the aerospace industry , which employs tens of thousands of people , is a powerful political lobby .
Americans have a positive image of NASA , but they care little about space policy .
" The general sentiment is NASA is a pretty good group of people , so give them money and let them do what they do , " Roland said .
Even so , President Obama faces difficult choices as the budget deficit widens and he pursues ambitious plans for reforming health care and education .
During his campaign , he proposed delaying NASA 's return to the moon by five years and redirecting the money toward education .
He later backed off that statement during a speech in electorate - rich Florida , home to much of the space industry .
Still , the future of manned moon spaceflights remains unclear .
Earlier this year , the president commissioned an independent review of NASA 's manned space program , and the recommendations are expected later this year .
Despite the uncertainty , Roland said , he thinks the lunar orbiter mission still makes " a certain amount of sense . "
Scientific instruments have advanced considerably since the Apollo days , he said , so it 's likely to produce interesting findings .
" But having said that , these two missions were designed to support a manned landing on the moon , and I 'm not at all convinced we will end up doing that , " he said .
Reach the reporter at anne.ryman@arizonarepublic.com or ( 602 ) 444-8072 .
NOTE : For accompanying slideshow , click here .
In a combative and sometimes colorful annual meeting , Chevron 's CEO
and chairman exchanged barbs with activists over pollution in the
Amazon rain forest and the company 's human rights record , twice
scolding speakers who addressed executives .
Chief executive David O'Reilly told one group that its report on Chevron 's policies " deserves the trash can . "
The nation 's second - largest oil company is awaiting a verdict from a
judge in Ecuador that could come with a $ 27 billion price tag , though
any such decision would certainly draw an appeal .
Hundreds of protesters rallied outside , at one point blocking the entrance .
Confrontations outside and inside the company headquarters did not
change the outcome of three key shareholder proposals , though they did
garner more support than they 've received in the past .
At the core of the protests was the suit in Ecuador .
It claims that
Texaco , which Chevron bought in 2001 , poisoned large swaths of the rain
forest by dumping billions of gallons of oil waste , causing cancers and
birth defects .
Chevron says Texaco spent $ 40 million on environmental cleanup there
and had been cleared of liability by the Ecuadorean government in power
at the time .
Chevron said the state oil company PetroEcuador continued
to pollute the region after Texaco had left .
A proposal seeking a more detailed human rights policy from Chevron
got 28 percent of the vote .
A separate proposal for a report on
Chevron 's criteria for investing or operating in countries with
questionable human rights records took 26 percent of the vote .
Another
measure focused on how Chevron assesses the environmental laws in other
countries got less than 7 percent .
Similar proposals in the past have never received more than 10 percent of the vote .
When one speaker took the microphone to talk about a report by
environmental organizations titled " The True Cost of Chevron , " O'Reilly
called it " insulting to our employees and I think it deserves the trash
can . "
The report cites Chevron for the destruction of communities , environmental damage and political oppression .
Chevron 's overall finances have taken a hit in recent months as the
price of oil and natural gas plunged .
Chevron 's net income in the first
quarter fell 64 percent to $ 1.84 billion , while sales fell 45 percent
to $ 36.1 billion .
Like many other major corporations , a say - on - pay proposal was also
brought up for a vote .
The nonbinding advisory proposal was rejected
with 42 percent of the vote .
A proposal seeking more clarity on Chevron 's plans to help curb
climate change and lower its own greenhouse gases was withdrawn at the
last minute .
The burning of fossil fuels is cited by researchers as a
reason for climate change .
Patricia Daly at Sisters of St. Dominic of Caldwell , N.J. , a
faith - based institutional investor that supported the measure , called
greenhouse gases the " profound moral challenge for the day . "
The group withdrew its proposal after meeting with Chevron's
management , said Daly , who was attending the Exxon Mobil shareholders '
meeting in Dallas .
" There was enough in the works so that we , in good faith , had to
withdraw our resolution , " she said .
" In the end , this is really good ,
good business for the company . "
The group did not withdraw the same resolution at Exxon , though that
annual meeting much less acrimonious .
Exxon executives were also
questioned about environmental issues and executive pay , but
shareholders ultimately stood by management and voted down all 11
resolutions presented there .
AMP Section Name : Energy
The teenager shot many of his victims in the head with his father 's legally registered pistol .
His father , a member of a shooting club , had 15 guns at home – fourteen were locked in a gun closet as required by law but the pistol was in the bedroom .
EVANSTON , Ill . ---
Dating couples whose dreams include marriage would do well to step back and reflect upon the type of support they 'll need from their partners when they cross the threshold , a new Northwestern University study suggests .
Will the partner who supports your hopes and aspirations while you are dating also help you fulfill important responsibilities and obligations that come with marriage ?
The answer to that question could make a difference in how satisfied you are after tying the knot .
Believing a partner is there to help you grow into the person you aspire to be predicted higher relationship satisfaction for both dating and married couples , the study showed .
But the belief that your partner helps you live up to your responsibilities and uphold your commitments only predicted higher relationship satisfaction after marriage .
For dating couples , the relationship itself tends to revolve around whether things are moving forward .
Happiness with a partner depends on whether the relationship will grow into something more , whether a partner will support the dreams the other eventually hopes to achieve .
For married couples , the feeling that their partners are helping them to advance their relationships and realize their ideal achievements is still important .
But the relationships of married couples , now more interconnected both practically and psychologically , tend to revolve around upholding the commitment made to their partners .
Unlike dating couples , married couples also put a high premium on their partners ' support of whatever they determine to be necessary obligations .
" In other words , the feelings of being loved and supported that people use to judge who makes a good girlfriend or boyfriend may not be completely trustworthy in deciding who makes a good husband or wife , " said Daniel Molden , assistant professor of psychology at Northwestern and lead author of the study .
" Those feelings may only partially capture the emotions that will determine your satisfaction with the person you marry . "
The findings , Molden said , could be important in explaining why so many marriages fall apart .
The study , which will be published in the July issue of Psychological Science , included 92 heterosexual dating couples and 77 married couples .
They completed a battery of questionnaires that included an assessment of how much they thought their partner understood and supported both the hopes and responsibilities they had set for themselves .
To measure how different types of perceived support were related to happiness with the relationship , couples also completed well - validated measures of satisfaction , intimacy and trust .
Previous research overwhelmingly demonstrates an important connection between feelings about partner support and satisfaction with a relationship but does not reveal any differences for dating versus married couples .
By identifying different ways in which people feel supported by their partners , the new Northwestern study goes beyond past work to show that support for maintaining perceived responsibilities seems to be important for satisfaction only after marriage .
The study also showed that different types of perceived support predicted differences in people 's overall satisfaction with their lives .
" People planning to get married should think about not only how their partners support what they hope to achieve but also about how their partners support what they feel obligated to accomplish , " Molden said .
" We could end up with both happier marriages and more satisfied people in general . "
###
Besides Molden , the study 's co-investigators are Northwestern 's Gale Lucas and Eli Finkel ; Madoka Kumashiro , Goldsmiths , University of London ; and Caryl Rusbult , Vrije Universiteit , Amsterdam .
NORTHWESTERN NEWS : www.northwestern.edu/newscenter/
+ 1 for having an awesome gif , fuck Megan Fox , lol , that kid rules .
Reply
Thread
Link
lol mte .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Two Megan Post in a row .
Why could n't the mods combine that shit or something ?
Reply
Thread
Link
That 's not what they do .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Awwwww she 's such a bumpkin .
Reply
Thread
Link
Tonight 's True Blood episode was so good !
Reply
Thread
Link
OMG I MISSED IT FUCK
it will be on ondemand w/e
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I missed it , too !
It 'll be on in less than an hour again .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
It repeats a couple times throughout the night .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
they show it again at 10 and 11 central time
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
im waiting for it to come online in a few D :
i just watched all of season one yesterday / today >>
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
eric was delectable
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I have to wait until tomorrow to watch it :(
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
SO LOLWORTHY OMG
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
I LOVED when Bill told Sookie to " SHUT UP ! "
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
omg eric < 33
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Eric with the " Is there blood in my hair ?
Pam is going to be so mad " was amazing .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
ia so much .
i love lafayette , eric and pam .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I was kind of annoyed , because I hate cliffhanger type endings , it feels like a soap opera .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
FUCKING CLIFFHANGER !!!!!!!!!!
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I do n't have HBO .
I missed it !!!
AHHH !!
Ca n't wait to watch it .
Did they turn LaFayette into a vampire ?
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
i love the gif lmfao
Reply
Thread
Link
that picture had me laughing so hard when i first saw it !
poor kid .
Reply
Thread
Link
Yeah , she sounded sincere , so let 's hope it was not just here ~ ~amazing ~ ~ acting skillz .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I think she meant it , I 've heard that she 's always happy to have pictures with fans etc , plus there are 100000000's of fan photos to prove this theory .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
ia , that was totally sweet .
gosh , I 'm starting to like her .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I hate her tattoo .
Reply
Thread
Link
Which one ?
She has several .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
the marilyn ?
soooooo distracting .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
What a bitch .
Offering to send him a personal apology .
Whore .
Reply
Thread
Link
lol
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Kim SamSoon , how I miss it ! <3
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Aw , that 's kind of sweet .
Reply
Thread
Link
I want to keep a tally of how many MF posts ontd gets in a day .
Reply
Thread
Link
i hear she 's actually a really nice person
Reply
Thread
Link
She seems like she is !
a little dumb but nice .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
She started that rumor .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
lol shia said he was so surprised that she was so nice
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
She is and I 'm not a megan stan ... at all .
I recognized her last year walking around all incognito @ comic con and I met her for a brief moment .
She was surprisingly really sweet and chill .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
nice !
comic con was so crowded I would n't even have been able to see my own friends last year !
nice icon ! <3
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
ia
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
前回のエントリーデータベースを用いたセッションデータ管理についてで、MySQL
とメモリの関係について良く分からない部分があると書きました。
2 つ目は、この理解があっているとすると、4G 以上のクラスのメモリをつんだサーバをDB サーバとして利用する場合、64 bit OS
でないとリソースの有効活用ができないか。それとも、先に書いたとおり、OS レベルのキャッシュとして利用できるから、結果としてデータファイルを読み込む際のI/O 負荷軽減になる か
実はここに関する理解はかなり曖昧な部分があって、調査して 追記 します。とくにメモリ利用量について。mysqld
のプロセスが利用できるメモリの上限が、32bit
OS の場合は3G 程度ということは、 innodb _buffer_pool_size もこの制限を受け、これについての警告が、先に紹介したリファレンスマニュアルのものという理解だけどいいのだろうかというのが1つ。
ここも含 めMySQL とメモリの関係について調査しました。最初にメモリの基本的な部分を述べて、次にMySQL
と関係ある部分を述べます。上の2つの疑問についての自分なりの解はMySQL の部分で一緒に書きたいと思います。
OS は Linux を前提とします 。
ここでのポイントは、最近の Linux を使っていれば32bit OS でも 16GB 等の大容量メモリを扱うことができるということです。
ここまでで、32bit OS では3GB 程度のメモリしか認識できないことが分かりました。ですが、
Linux では32bit OS を使っている場合でも3GB を超えるメモリを認識できる場合があります。この機能をPAE と言い、 物理アドレス 空間 を64GB まで拡張してくれます。 PAE が有効になっているかは、 「 uname コマンド 」 で調べることができ、最近は最初から有効になっていることが多いみたいです。僕の周りのマシンでは全て有効になっていました。
これが、 Windows クライアントが認識できるメモリの限界が3GB 程度な理由です。 x86 アーキテクチャ のPC なら Linux でも同様の仕組みを使っていて、同様の制限を受けます。
PCはまずデ バイス 制御用に必要な空間を アドレス空間 に予約し、残りをメインメモリに割り当てます。領域を被って使用することはできないからです。デ バイス 制御用に割り当てられる領域が多ければ、その分使用できるメインメモリは少なくなります。
MMIO は有限である アドレス空間 に、メモリと様々なデ バイス 制御用の空間を共有させる仕組みです。接続しているデ バイス の制 御( 使用 ) をするには、 アドレス空間 が必要になるということです 。
先に書いた通り、32bit OS は 4GB の 物理アドレス 空間を持ちますが、実際に認識できるメモリ容量は4GB より小さくなります。その理由は がMemory Mapped IO という仕組みによるものです 。
まず始めに 、OS がメモリを認識するには 「 物理アドレス 空間 」が必要になります。32bit OS の場合 、4G (= 2^32 ) Bの 物理アドレス 空間を持っています。よって 、32bit OS が認識できるメモリ容量は最 大4GB ということになります 。
MySQL とメモリ
続いて今回の本題 のMySQL とメモリの話です。
Linux が32bit OS でも大容量メモリを扱かえるなら、メモリに関して64bit
OS を使うメリットがあまりないように思えます。8GB くらいのメモリを積んで、innodb_buffer_pool_size=4G とかにすればいいんじゃないでしょうか。
実はこれは無理です。OS が扱えるメモリ容量と、mysqld のような個々のプロセスが扱えるメモリ容量は同じではないのです。
仮想メモリと仮想アドレス空間
仮想メモリとは、各プロセス専用に与えられるメモリのようなもので、メモリというリソースを効率良く利用するための仕組みです。1つのプロセスが利用できるメモリの最大容量は、この仮想メモリの最大容量と同じです。この容量は「仮想アドレス空間」のサイズで、32bit
版 Linux なら4GB となります。先に述べ たPAE
を使うと物理アドレス空間の容量は大きくなるのですが、この仮想アドレス空間のサイズは大きくなりません。
カーネル空間とユーザ空間
先 の 「仮想アドレス空間」はさらに、「 カーネル空間 」と「ユーザ空間」に分かれています。容量はそれぞれ1GB、3GB となります。mysqld のようなユーザプロセスはユーザ空間のみしか使用することができません。
これらにより、32bit OS の場合、1プロセスで使用できるメモリの最大容量は3GB
ということが分かりました。ここで、1つ目の疑問について考えてみようと思います。
mysqld が消費するメモリ容量とglibc の制約
mysqld のプロセスが利用できるメモリの上限が、32bit OS の場合は3G 程度ということは、innodb_buffer_pool_size もこの制限を受け、これについての警告が、先に紹介したリファレンスマニュアルのものという理解だけどいいのだろうかというのが1つ。
前半はyes です。mysqld は1プロセス/マルチスレッドなので、innodb_buffer_pool , key_buffer のようなグローバルバッファ、スレッド毎に確保されるsort_buffer , read_buffer のようなスレッドバッファ全ての合計が3GB に収まっていないといけません。
当然、innodb_buffer_pool_size ようなパラメータはこの制限を気にして設定してやらなければならず、またinnodb_buffer_pool_size=3G
ようにしてしまうと、残りのバッファにあてるメモリがまるっきりなくなってしまします。
mysqld が消費するメモリ容量の算出式は以下のようになります。
innodb_buffer_pool_size + key_buffer_size + max_connections * ( sort_buffer_size + read_buffer_size ) + max_connections * 2 MB
これが3GB 以内になればいいのかというとそうではありません。( なんなんだ!!!)
これが疑問の後半で言っている、「これについての警告が、先に紹介したリファレンスマニュアルのものという理解だけどいいのだろうか」という部分です。先程のリファレンスマニュアルと同様のページに以下のようにあります。
警告 : Linux x86 では、メモリ使用率の設定を高くし過ぎないように注意してください。glibc
はプロセスヒープがスレッドスタックよりも大きくなることを許可しており、その場合にサーバがクラッシュします。
この値(メモリ容量の計算式の値 ) が、2 GB に近いか 、2 GB を超えていると危険です。各スレッドはスタックを使用し（通常は
2 MB。ただし MySQL AB バイナリで は 256 KB のみ）、最悪の場合、sort_buffer_size + read_buffer_size の大きさの追加メモリも使用します。
この制限により、結局mysqld は 2GB までしかメモリを扱うことができません。仮想アドレス空間の制限とかではなくglibc
の実装上の制限ですね。ちなみに、この制限にひっかからないかチェックするスクリプトがDSAS開発者の部屋:5分でできる、MySQLのメモリ関係のチューニング！で紹介されています。
続いて2つめの疑問について考えます。
この理 解( mysqld が使用できるメモリ容量 が2GB ということ ) があっているとすると、4G
以上のクラスのメモリをつんだサーバをDB サーバとして利用する場合 、64 bit OS でないとリソースの有効活用ができないか。それとも、先に書いたとおり、OS レベルのキャッシュとして利用できるから、結果としてデータファイルを読み込む際のI/O 負荷軽減になる か
OS のキャッシュ機構( ページキャッシュ )
先の疑問について考えるにあたって、ページキャッシュについて知っておく必要があります。
ページキャッシュはディス クIO 負荷を最小限に抑える機能 でLinux を普通に使っていれば意識することなく利用しています。簡単に言えば、「ディスクから初めて読んだデータをメモリ上にキャッシュしておき、次に同じデータにアクセスする際にはメモリにだけアクセスすれば良い」ということです。これによって、ディスクアクセスの回数を減らしIO パフォーマンスを向上させることができます。
詳しくは、naoyaのはてなダイアリー - Linux のページキャッシュ , Linux I / O のお話 write 編 - naoyaのはてなダイアリーあたりを読んでみて下さい。
ページキャッシュのポイントは、カーネルは使っていないメモリを最大限ページキャッシュに使うように設計されていることと、ページキャッシュで利用できるメモリ容量はOS が認識しているメモリ容量であるということです。
これで先の疑問に答えられます。例えば4GB
のメモリを積んだサーバでMySQL
を使っていて、mysqld が 2GB のメモリを確保しているとしましょう。この場合、残りの2GB含めmysqld が実際に使っていない実メモリは全てキャッシュとして利用されます。なので、実際には32bit
OS を使っていても、メモリを多くつめば、それだけIO 負荷を軽減させることができます。
ここで疑問は解決したのですが、もう少しMySQL
とメモリについて書きます。
MyISAM と InnoDB のメモリの使い 方
実は、メモリの使い方はストレージエンジンレベルでも異なります。
MyISAM はMySQL 独自のバッファ( key_buffer ) 上にテーブルのインデックス情報をキャッシュするように設計されています。一方、InnoDB は、インデックスとデータを両方とも独自バッファ(innodb_buffer_pool)上にキャッシュするように設計されています。
漢( オトコ ) のコンピュータ道 : MySQLを高速化する10の方法等を始めMySQL
のチューニングでよく言われる、key_buffer_size にはメモリの25 % , innodb_buffer_pool_size にはメモリの70-80 % くらいあてるというのは、MyISAM
の場合はデータをkey_buffer 上にキャッシュしないため、ページキャッシュ用のメモリを残しておく必要があるためです。
MySQL 独自のキャッシュ機 構
MySQL は独自のバッファをメモリ上に持ち、その中にデータをキャッシュすることは既に書きました。この機構はinnoDB
では特に、読み/書き動作ともにページキャッシュ機構と似ています。すなわち、一回読み出したデータをメモリ上にキャッシュすること。そして、書き込みは非同期に実行します。詳しくは漢(オトコ)のコンピュータ道 : InnoDBのログとテーブルスペースの関係を参照下さい。
これは無駄があることを示しています。実際にMySQL
には、OS のページキャッシュの利用を抑制する設定があり、以下のように設定します。
innodb_flush_method = O_DIRECT
これを使用する場合 、MySQL
が使えるバッファは独自バッファのみになるのでinnodb_buffer_pool_size
を大きめにとることになります。実際この方法はInnoDB のチューニングに使われている方法で、show innodb status でチェックする値 - id : kazuhookuのメモ置き場やMySQL
Conference & Expo 2007 - とあるはてな社員の日記を読むとPathtraq や Youtube でも使われていると想像できます。
64bit OS
32bit OS でも、 「 メモリ積む 」 +「 PAE 」 +「 mysqld で 2GB 使う( 残りページキャッシュ ) 」にすれば良いパフォーマンスを出すことはできると思います。しかし、大容量のデータを扱う場合ではやはりmysqld
にメモリをもっとあてたい場合があるわけです。特にInnoDB の場合はMySQL に最適化されている独自のバッファを使う方がいいわけで。
スケーラビリティも考える とDB サーバで は64bit OS を使うのが良いということになると思います。
Crowds chanted slogans backing Mr Mousavi Thousands of Iranians have staged a protest rally against the re-election of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , defying a government ban .
AFP news agency reported that defeated candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi appeared at the rally .
He wants the election results annulled , alleging fraud .
Other reports said marchers had clashed with Ahmadinejad supporters .
Mr Ahmadinejad claims that the election result was not rigged , saying the ballot was free and healthy .
Following two days of unrest , the interior ministry warned on Monday what it called " seditious elements " that " any disrupter of public security would be dealt with according to the law . "
Mr Mousavi 's campaign initially announced that the event had been called off , but his website later said he and Mehdi Karroubi , another defeated reformist candidate , would address the crowd .
AFP says the demonstrators gathered in central Tehran chanting : " Mousavi we support you ! "
I urge you , Iranian nation , to continue your nationwide protests in a peaceful and legal way
Mir Hossein Mousavi
Editors ' blog :
Stop the jamming Internet brings events to life John Simpson 's view Challenge to republic Reuters reported that marchers clashed with supporters of President Ahmadinejad riding motorcycles .
The BBC's Jon Leyne , in Tehran , says he understands plain - clothed militias have been authorised to use live ammunition for the first time .
Ahead of the rally , correspondents said life appeared to be returning to normal in central Tehran .
Shops were open and there was little evidence of the weekend 's unrest .
However , there was a small demonstration attended by Mr Mousavi 's wife Zahra Rahnavard at Tehran University .
She said the campaign was continuing , and urged people to go onto their roofs shouting " God is great " .
Reports said paramilitaries were trying to break up the demonstration , and that students had taken cover in a mosque .
The campus has been a focus of unrest in recent days .
Overnight police and militias raided dormitories , arresting dozens of students .
In related developments : President Ahmadinejad reportedly cancelled a trip to Moscow , where he was due to attend a regional summit on Monday
Reports say Mr Mousavi 's newspaper Kalameh Sabz has suspended circulation
About 200 relatives of detained demonstrators took part in a protest outside Tehran 's Revolutionary Tribunal calling for their release , AFP reported
EU foreign ministers expressed " serious concern " and called for an inquiry into the conduct of the election .
International concern
On Sunday Mr Mousavi's website carried a statement saying he had formally called on Iran 's Guardian Council , which must certify the counting , to annul the election .
He added : " I urge you , Iranian nation , to continue your nationwide protests in a peaceful and legal way . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Another defeated candidate , Mohsen Rezaie , also officially contested the results .
The Guardian Council said it would rule on both complaints within 10 days .
Late on Sunday Mr Mousavi met Iran 's Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , to pursue his case against the results of Friday 's election .
Mr Khamanei's office said he had told the candidate that " complaints should be followed through legal channels " and urged Mr Mousavi to " follow the issue calmly " .
POST - POLL CRACKDOWN
More than 100 opposition figures arrested , including the brother of ex-reformist President Khatami .
Local and international phone and text message services interrupted Social networking and newspaper websites blocked BBC says " heavy electronic jamming " from inside Iran disrupts its Persian TV service International journalists arrested and asked to leave Iranian newspapers do not carry reports of the violence Source : Various reports Sunday saw clashes between the police and anti-Ahmadinejad protesters in several parts of Tehran for a second day .
Police hit protesters with batons and charged them on motorbikes .
Mousavi supporters cried " death to the dictator " into the evening .
Scores of people are reported to have been arrested .
Mr Ahmadinejad dismissed the unrest as " passions after a soccer match " .
Foreign powers have expressed concern about the election .
On Sunday , Vice - President Joe Biden said : " It sure looks like the way they 're suppressing speech , the way they 're suppressing crowds , the way in which people are being treated , that there 's some real doubt . "
German Foreign Minister Frank - Walter Steinmeier said he had summoned the Iranian ambassador to explain the election .
" There are a lot of reports about electoral fraud , " he said .
French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner said : " I am sorry that instead of openness there has been a somewhat brutal reaction . "
But Mr Ahmadinejad was congratulated by the presidents of Iraq , Afghanistan and Venezuela .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Kissinger Report 2004
How U.S. foreign policy uses population control to expoloit third world economies .
Brian Clowes
Reproduced with Permission
On December 10 , 1974 , the United States National Security Council promulgated National Security Study Memorandum 200 ( NSSM - 200 ) , also called The Kissinger Report .
This document explicitly laid out a detailed strategy by which the United States would aggressively promote population control in developing nations in order to regulate ( or have better access to ) the natural resources of these countries ( see endnote 2 ) .
In order to protect U.S. commercial interests , NSSM - 200 cited a number of factors that could interrupt the smooth flow of materials from lesser - developed countries , LDCs as it called them , to the United States , including a large population of anti-imperialist youth , who must , according to NSSM - 200 , be limited by population control .
The document identified 13 nations by name that would be primary targets of U.S. - funded population control efforts .
According to NSSM - 200 , elements of the implementation of population control programs could include : a ) the legalization of abortion ; b ) financial incentives for countries to increase their abortion , sterilization and contraception - use rates ; c ) indoctrination of children ; and d ) mandatory population control , and coercion of other forms , such as withholding disaster and food aid unless an LDC implements population control programs .
NSSM -200 also specifically declared that the United States was to cover up its population control activities and avoid charges of imperialism by inducing the United Nations and various non-governmental organizations to do its dirty work .
While the CIA and Departments of State and Defense have issued hundreds of papers on population control and national security , the U.S. government has never renounced NSSM - 200 , but has only amended certain portions of its policy .
NSSM - 200 , therefore , remains the foundational document on population control issued by the United States government .
NSSM - 200's strategies have resulted in regional population growth rates decelerating so fast that they are already causing severe economic and social problems in Europe , the former Soviet Union , Japan , Singapore and Hong Kong .
Many developing nations are now aging even more rapidly than the developed world , which foretells of even more severe problems for their relatively underdeveloped economies .
Over the past 40 years there has been much disagreement over whether or not population control programs are necessary for those nations with the most rapidly growing populations .
There can be no disagreement now , however , except among those organizations whose incomes depend upon such programs .
From the very beginning , the " population explosion " concept was an ideologically motivated false alarm .
The resulting push for population control in LDCs has borne absolutely no positive fruit in its decades of implementation .
In fact , population control ideologies and programs make it even more difficult to respond to the impending grave crisis looming in the form of a disastrous worldwide " population " .
Therefore , on the eve of the 30th anniversary of the promulgation of NSSM - 200 , Human Life International calls on the Bush administration to repudiate this document , which advocates violating the most precious freedoms and autonomy of the individual through coercive family planning programs , and to redirect its foreign policy and funding towards family - friendly programs .
The citizens of the developed nations of the West treasure their right to privacy .
It is hypocritical for these countries to routinely violate the right to privacy of the citizens of LDCs by telling families how many children they should or should not have .
No nation has the right to invade the bedrooms of the citizens of another nation .
NSSM - 200 represents the epitome of interference in a family 's most intimate decisions .
NSSM - 200 does not emphasize the rights or welfare of individuals or of nations , just the " right " of the United States to have unfettered access to the natural resources of developing nations .
The United States and the other nations of the developed world , as well as ideologically motivated population control NGOs , should be supporting and guiding authentic economic development that allows the people of each nation to use their resources for their own benefit , thereby leading to an enhancement of human rights worldwide and healthier economies for all .
Download the report ( a 2.6 MB PDF file ) .
Top
even though he knew better , George could n't resist checking out the hot chicks in the red light district
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Call him the Bard of Avon or England ’s national poet or ShakeyP , there ’s no doubt that William Shakespeare is one of the top contributors in the business today .
That ’s why we were positively exploding with anticipation when we learned he’d be dropping by our office with a recent build of his latest project , tentatively entitled Hamlet .
To our disappointment , Hamlet was n’t a cross between ham and an omelette , as tasty as that sounds .
No , it ’s a new play , one that according to its author will break new ground in the often staid tragedy genre .
But will Shakespeare ’s Hamlet really live up to all the hype ?
Hit the jump to find out how our demo went .
The scene we were presented with shows the titular Hamlet talking to his mother , Gertrude .
Apparently , Hamlet ’s father has been killed , and his uncle Claudius sits on the throne under somewhat suspicious circumstances .
As best as we could make out , another man , Polonius , is spying on the conversation , and Hamlet , mistaking him for his villainous uncle , stabs him through a sheet .
Or would have if the sword actually penetrated it– a Shakespeare rep was quick to point out that the plastic sword we saw would be replaced by a very realistic looking sword in the final shipping version of the play .
After that , a ghost shows up and says some more stuff that we did n’t quite get– the plot gets very convoluted at this point , and all we could tell was that Gertrude was mad at her son and that he would be off to England .
All in all , though , it was a pretty engaging scene and we were left with a definite sense of what Hamlet is going to be all about .
What did we like ?
The words :
If ShakeyP is famous for anything it ’s for his way with words .
Everyone ’s speech was beautifully written and listening to the flowery soliloquies was like experiencing genuine literature .
The action :
The only action sequence we got to witness was Hamlet stabbing Polonius , but we were impressed with what we saw .
Hamlet convincingly lashed out and both Polonius and the sheet in front of him reacted realistically , with the cloth waving around and the old man dropping to one knee before he died .
It ’s nuances like this that have given Shakespeare the name he has today .
What did n’t we like ?
Whiny young protagonist :
Well , maybe ShakeyP ’s been taking a little too many cues from the JRPG bag of tricks these days .
Hamlet himself is a pretty unlikeable hero , one who spends too much time dithering about what to do and not enough time kicking ass .
The devs are trying to portray him as a red - blooded young lad by giving him a love interest named Ophelia , but he seems suspiciously more at home with his buddies Rosencrantz and Guildenstern .
How gamers are going to identify with him is beyond us .
The words :
Did we mention the play is long and full of words ?
We found ourselves nodding off a certain points .
We suggested some kind of skip function , and the Bard seemed to like our idea , saying that not everyone really needs to hear all of that stuff .
We ’ll see if something like that gets implemented for the final version .
Graphics :
The visuals have never been the strongest suit of Shakespeare ’s works , but the ones we saw in Hamlet were a little bit concerning .
The scene we watched only had three characters on the stage at any one time , and the bedroom setting was so sparse it looked like it could have been something from a couple generations back .
Hopefully by the time the play comes out they ’ll have passed a few more renders over the whole thing to bring it up to more modern standards .
Your Share of the US Debt
Bonds down .
Gold up $ 17 .
Someone seems to think there is a whiff of inflation in the air .
Sniff…sniff ….
We ’re not so sure .
It seems too early to us .
But we ’re not even going to think about it .
Today , we ’ve got to make tracks .
We ’re traveling .
In light of our voyage we ’re turning today ’s essay over to guest host Ian Mathias , of Agora Financial ’s 5 Min. Forecast .
He ’ll take over from here …
Your family ’s share of the government debt is now over half a million dollars .
A record $ 546,668 , to be exact .
That cheery Monday stat comes courtesy of a USA Today study , which claims that each American family ’s share rose 12 % in 2008 .
That ’s $ 55,000 in new government debt last year for every US household – thousands more than the median household annual income .
Here ’s how it breaks down :
Last year ’s spike is the biggest since the Medicare prescription drug benefit was added in 2003 .
According to the rag , the government garnered $ 6.8 trillion in “ new obligations ” in 2008 , bringing the total US tab to $ 63.8 trillion .
Given our spending record so far in 2009 , it ’s safe to say your family ’s burden is already much , much larger .
And you ai n’t seen nothin ’ yet … the Social Security program will grow by 1 - 2 million beneficiaries every year until 2032 as baby boomers retire .
Medicare will add just as many each year starting in 2011 , when that same demographic starts turning 65 .
Unless the US becomes a net saver , “ another global financial crisis triggered by a dollar crisis could be inevitable , ” forecast former Chinese central banker Yu Yongding over the weekend .
( Oy… Beijing is 7,000 miles from Washington , and even they can see this coming . )
Yu ’s comments were purposefully timed – US Treasury Secretary Geithner embarked on a sudden PR tour of China this weekend .
His mission ?
Keep the cash flowing from America ’s No. 1 creditor .
“ No one is going to be more concerned about future deficits than we are , ” said Geithner , whose government ’s budget deficit will exceed $ 1.75 trillion this year .
“ As we recover from this unprecedented crisis , we will cut our fiscal deficit [ and ] we will eliminate the extraordinary government support that we have put in place to overcome the crisis . ”
In the meantime , Geithner assured students at Peking University that China ’s investments in US paper are “ very safe . ”
“ I doubt the Chinese believed him , ” says friend and currency expert Chuck Butler .
“ Of course , I ’m not a Chinese official , so I do n’t really know what they are thinking .
But I ’ve watched them smile and tell former US Treasury Secretary Paulson that they were going to allow greater currency flexibility , and after he would board his plane , it would be business as usual …
Same thing for Graham and Schumer , who thought their prestigious status as lawmakers would get them someplace with the Chinese .
“ It all comes down to the fact that the US needs China more than the other way around . ”
General Motors , once the backbone of US manufacturing , is officially bankrupt .
As you ’ve no doubt heard , the company declared bankruptcy this morning .
But since it ’s 2009 , lord knows it ca n’t be a run - of - the - mill insolvency .
The Obama administration has its hands deep in this thing … here ’s the fine print of the biggest industrial bankruptcy in US history :
Uncle Sam gets a 60 % stake .
The government will pump an additional $ 30 billion into GM ( on top of the $ 20 billion already squandered ) .
In exchange , the government will be the largest shareholder … leverage it will use to usher GM through bankruptcy and convert it to this “ leaner , stronger company ” we ’ve been promised
Half of the UAW ’s $ 20 billion health care fund will be converted to GM stock , which will give it a 17.5 % stake in the company .
12 - 20 factories will be closed , at the cost of approximately 21,000 union workers .
40 % of the 6,000 GM dealers will have to close , too
The Canadian government gets a 12 % stake , given all GM ’s design / manufacturing activity up north
Bondholders were bought ( bullied ? ) out .
They ’ll swap their $ 27.1 billion in unsecured debt for 10 % of GM , with warrants to own 15 % more .
Surely , they learned from Chrysler ’s bondholders , who were publicly vilified by President Obama for demanding what was lawfully theirs … so much for that hallmark of American capitalism
Current shareholders get nada .
At least that rule of bankruptcy is still intact .
If you were long GM , please consider letting someone else manage your money .
Anyone .
“ GM Bankruptcy to Bring Taxpayer Ownership , ” headlined Bloomberg this morning .
Shame on them and the US government for perpetuating this “ taxpayer ownership ” BS .
We must have been asleep when the “ taxpayer ” got any say in this one .
GM is owned by wealthy politicians in Washington who , under threat of imprisonment , forced their constituents to finance the deal .
Insinuating the public has any control is “ Orwellian in the extreme ” Addison suggested when we discussed the matter late Friday .
Amen .
And let ’s be really honest … taxes have n’t gone up to cover the GM bailout ( or any credit crisis expense ) , but government borrowing certainly has .
If any “ taxpayers ” truly own GM , their tax returns get mailed to Beijing and Tokyo .
Sign of the times … GM and Citigroup are getting kicked off the Dow .
Cisco and Travelers will replace them next Monday .
Extra irony ( and foreshadowing ? ) in this exchange , as Citigroup is the former owner of Travelers , which it spun off in 2002 .
The market had baked in GM ’s insolvency a long time ago .
In fact , the Dow ’s off to the races this morning , even though one of its 30 components is rapidly approaching zero ( the “ beauty ” of a weighted index ) .
The big indexes rose 2 % within the first 30 minutes of trading .
“ We have reached a pivot point in financial markets , ” forecasts Rob Parenteau , steward of the Richebächer Society .
“ As we have documented in recent weeks , the list of US macro series showing stable nominal levels over the past three - four months continues to increase .
These include retail sales , new orders for durable goods and imports of materials and finished goods .
That is not what usually happens in a debt - deflation dynamic , which cumulatively builds on itself .
It appears the debt - deflation risk is being contained by extreme fiscal and monetary measures .
“ Stability is better than free fall , but it is not the same as expansion , and we believe equity investors have shoved valuations high enough over the past three months that they now require signs of economic growth , not just stability , to carry equity indexes higher .
We think the odds of them getting that could improve after we get past the auto production and dealer downshift later in the summer , but the rise in Treasury yields is becoming alarming .
“ So from a strategic point of view , we believe equity investors want and need to see stronger economic and earnings results to drive indexes higher , while bond investors need just the opposite to calm Treasury yields down .
In addition , through near - zero interest rate policy ( ZIRP ) and quantitative easing ( QE ) approaches , the Fed has been trying to push private investors into riskier asset classes while the Treasury ’s debt issuance calendar implies they need private investors to prefer owning Treasury bonds , which are generally not the asset of choice in an economic recovery scenario .
“ In other words , we have contradictory cross currents here .
If the Fed does n’t intervene to slow or halt the Treasury yield backup , there is a chance the stabilization in unit home sales will wither away .
If the Fed does step up QE operations to halt the Treasury yield rise , professional investors taking the ‘ green toilet paper ’ view will continue to sell dollars and buy commodities .
Down the line , that implies higher energy prices for consumers and higher input prices for manufacturers , neither of which we would consider growth - supportive developments . ”
Just like last week , materials and energy companies are leading the way today .
The great global rebound argument is still hot , and this data point is keeping the commodity fire ablaze : China ’s manufacturing sector expanded for the third month in a row in May , its government reports .
China ’s purchasing managers index registered a score of 53.1 during the month , down just a bit from April but still above the expansion / contraction score of 50 .
Oil ’s up to a fresh seven - month high of $ 67 a barrel today , largely due to China ’s PMI number .
On the other had , the dollar is still falling , giving commodities an even bigger boost .
The dollar index fell right through support at 80 on Friday and has plunged another point and a half since .
It ’s at 78.8 as we write , just off its 2009 low .
Thus , the cost of your European vacation has popped 7 % since the start of May .
The euro is up 9 cents over the last 30 days , to just under $ 1.42 as we write .
The pound has followed suit , up 11 cents over the last month , to $ 1.62 .
And could parity be around the corner for our neighbor to the north ?
The Canadian dollar is up to 92 cents today , its highest level since October 2008 .
Gold continues to flourish , but silver has been the real precious metal story of late .
The yellow metal is up about 9 % over the last month , to roughly $ 980 today .
Silver , on the other hand , shot up 29 % in May , to $ 15.50 an ounce .
“ In general , ” says energy and oil expert Byron King , “ the precious metals are up because the big- spending politicians in Washington have no respect for the US dollar .
Break out the black crepe and armbands of mourning for the US dollar .
“ Specifically , silver has always been the “ poor man ’s gold . ”
Silver tends to lurk in the shadows of the price of gold , sort of a stepchild to the yellow metal .
“ But on occasion , silver undergoes a slingshot effect .
Between the basic industrial demand for electronics , plus jewelry demand ( ‘ cuz gold ’s getting pricey ! ) , and now the monetary pull … silver is accelerating in a price rise that is – believe it or not – leaving gold in the dust .
“ Silver could break $ 20 sooner than we ’ll see gold at $ 1,200 , and the silver miners ( my readers own several ) will soar to new heights .
Do you have your ticket for this ride ?
All aboard !!! ”
Silver may continue to outperform gold .
If you ’re a believer in historic ratios , silver still has room to rise in order to meet its average gold price ratio over the last decade .
Either that , or gold ’s price needs to fall .
And in this environment , we ’d sooner go long silver than short gold .
Do you agree ?
So again , we thank Ian for his contribution today as guest host and his insightful above look at the news .
Our regular commentary , such as it is …tomorrow .
Bill Bonner
The Daily Reckoning
Deep Sea Fish Photos &
Sample Pictures of Deep Sea Fish Click below for further Deep Sea Fish images ..
Deep Sea Hatchet Fish ( Argyropelecus gigas ) Deep Sea Angler Fish
( Melanocetus ) Deep Sea Hairy Angler Fish ( Caulophryne ) Deep Sea Viper Fish
( Chauliodus ) Keywords : photos , images , pictures , marine , sea , ocean , plankton , stock , library , deep sea fish , anglerfish , hairy anglerfish , angler fish , hatchet fish , viper fish , lure , abyss , ocean depths , underwater photography , abyssal , discovery , predators , pictures of deep sea fish pictures
Brad Pitt and family donated $ 1 million to hospital
Doug Pitt , Brad Pitt ‘s brother , announced the Pitt family ’s contribution of $ 1 million to St. John ’s Hospital in their hometown Springfield on Friday .
This is to establish an endowment fund to pay children ’s cancer specialists in the hospital .
The fund will also be used to construct a new pediatric unit .
This 10 - bedroom hospital based from the Ronald McDonald House will double the size of the neonatal and pediatric intensive care units already inside the hospital .
The cancer treatment unit will be renamed to honor the Pitt ’s donation and will be opened this summer .
It will be known as Jane Pitt Pediatric Cancer Center in recognition of the advocacy of Brad ’s mother .
St. John ’s Auxiliary will also help fund this expansion .
Among the funniest Seinfeld moments ever , the majority seem to come directly from George Costanza , so why not take a closer look at Mr. Art Vandelay himself ?
For this list , we ’re talking about punchlines that make you spit out your drink or laugh milk up your nose , not humorous things over the course of an episode , or even moments that are just funny in theory ( and may be very memorable but do n’t necessarily deliver a huge burst of laughter ) .
So here are the absolute funniest George Costanza moments that Gunaxin could come up with .
Did we miss any of your favorites ?
10 . Montage of handicapped George
9 . George gets hired
George Steinbrenner , owner of the NY Yankees , hires George after George berates him for ruining the team .
8. Shrinkage
7. Jerkstore preparation
6. Chip - dipping etiquette
5. George is bald
4 . Who invaded Spain in the 8th century ?
It ’s the MOOPS !
See video here
3 . George does the opposite
2. “ Fire ! ”
1. Latex salesman
And now , a tribute to the man of the hour , George Costanza :
Honorable Mentions
Answering machine
George eats from garbage
Marine biologist
George ’s trifecta
George is robbed
My mother caught me
An approach to fair ad blocking · 2009 - 05 - 11 18:04 by Wladimir Palant
Update : I summarized the feedback in a separate blog post .
Please comment only if you have something to add .
As I stated many times before , my goal with Adblock Plus is n’t to destroy the advertising industry .
In the end , the Internet does need money to run and ads are still the most universal way to distribute that money .
The only problem is that ads are becoming increasingly intrusive and annoying as webmasters try to maximize their profits which is the main reason people install Adblock Plus .
So the idea is to give control back to the users by allowing them to block annoying ads .
Since the non-intrusive ads would be blocked less often it would encourage webmasters to use such ads , balance restored .
Now it is n’t a secret that Adblock Plus has n’t been performing particularly well towards that goal .
While users can theoretically choose not to block ads on some sites , most users simply install Adblock Plus , choose a filter subscription ( which will block all ads without exceptions ) and forget about Adblock Plus .
Which is totally understandable — everything works so why should they do anything now ?
Currently only a tiny minority of users has Adblock Plus installed ( somewhere around 5 % of Firefox users ) but the current trend discriminates webmasters in favor of users instead of restoring the balance .
There were quite a few discussions on that topic recently , most notably this proposal for considering webmaster ’s wishes ( which has obvious issues ) and this forum topic discussing among other things the criteria for acceptable ads .
I started thinking about this again and got an idea that should be relatively easy to implement and might actually work .
First the requirements on the solution :
The user should have the final decision .
If we allow webmasters to specify which ads the user should view or whether users with Adblock Plus should be allowed to visit their sites , they will try to maximize their profits — and very soon users will be confronted with intrusive ads everywhere or locked out of all sites .
At which point somebody will fork Adblock Plus to “ make it work again ” and we are back at square one .
On the other hand , in my experience most users do n’t want to deny webmasters their income — as long as it does n’t disturb their browsing too much .
Adblock Plus should n’t require the user to make decisions all the time .
Most users hate making decisions , especially when there are other things needing their attention .
You should ask for as few decisions as possible , rest of the time things should “ just work ” .
When the user is asked to make a decision , all the necessary information needs to be supplied to make this an easy decision .
Reverting the choice should be easy as well and the user needs to be reassured about that .
Now to the suggestion .
When the user visits a site and some ads are blocked there , Adblock Plus could look for the following tag in the page source code :
< meta name = " advertising " content = " ask " />
( Update : meta tag changed , as suggested by Arne and other commenters )
A webmaster should insert this tag into his pages if he thinks that the ads used on his site are n’t intrusive .
Adblock Plus will then check the browsing history to see whether the user frequents this site ( this could be specified for example as “ visited the site on three days of the last week ” ) and then display a notification like the following ( unless a notification for this site was already shown recently ) :
First button will open a new window and load the page the user is viewing right now without blocking anything .
The user then has the choice between “ Yes , disable Adblock Plus on example.com ” and “ No , I do n’t like this . ”
The latter should have the effect that the user is n’t asked again for this site ( same as choosing “ No , thanks ” in the notification ) .
Clicking “ Ask me later ” button or simply closing the notification will have the effect that the notification pops up again after some time ( maybe a day ) .
I think this question wo n’t come up too often so it wo n’t become annoying .
Also , I think that a negative decision would n’t be too common — provided that the webmaster has done his homework and the ads are really acceptable .
Some open questions remain of course :
There are some Adblock Plus users who just do n’t want to see any ads at all .
For those , there should be a way to opt - out of this feature — but it probably should n’t be too obvious , otherwise it will be used just for convenience .
I think , the alternatives are a visible option ( displayed in Adblock Plus menu as well as in preferences ) and a hidden preference in about : config explained in the FAQ .
The former might be too obvious , the later might bring the wrath of my users upon me .
Which one should it be ?
Update : I think , the feedback is already clear on that — a visible option .
How can I make reverting a positive decision easy ?
Many Adblock
Plus users never find the Adblock Plus menu , so they are n’t aware of the “ Disable on … ” menu item there .
Explaining it in the notification or the preview window is pointless , nobody will read that explanation .
There should be an extremely obvious way to revert .
Update :
One option would be adding a context menu item “ Adblock Plus : Block ads on this page again ” on pages that have been whitelisted , this should be easy to find for most users .
What do you think , will that work ?
Will a significant number of users be convinced to whitelist their favorite sites ?
And will the webmasters be interested ?
Please leave your comment either in this blog or in the forum ( no registration required , simply click “ post reply ” ) .
The forum should be better suited if your reply requires some discussion .
Commenting is closed for this article .
Space shuttle Endeavour is ready for the rollover from Orbiter Processing Facility 2 to the Vehicle Assembly Building at NASA 's Kennedy Space Center , Fla. on April 10 , 2009 to serve as the rescue ship for the last Hubble repair mission .
Once NASA 's space shuttle fleet is retired next year , U.S. astronauts might arrive at the International Space Station via Chinese spacecraft , according to U.S. President Barack Obama 's science chief .
The prospect is being aired by presidential science adviser John Holdren , head of the White House Office of Science and Technology , in an interview posted on ScienceInsider - a web - based blog from the American Association for the Advancement of Science ( AAAS ) .
In the ScienceInsider interview , Holdren underscored the fact that President Obama 's administration is intent on retiring the space shuttle in 2010 , with the president open to an additional shuttle mission flown within 2010 .
" If that can't be done and things slip , then consideration will be given to going beyond that date .
And that would be the last shuttle mission .
There will be a gap in our capacity to put people in space with U.S. vehicles , because we will not have a follow - on to the shuttle ready before 2015 , " Holdren said .
Holdren went on to suggest that the U.S. will have to rely on other spacefaring partners , specifically Russia .
" It might also be the Chinese , depending on how our relationship develops , " he added .
" I think it 's possible in principle to develop the required degree of confidence in the Chinese , " Holdren said in the interview in regard to having confidence in China 's ability to launch U.S. astronauts .
" I put it out there only as speculation , but I do n't think it should be ruled out . "
China is the third nation to independently launch humans into space after Russia and the U.S.
The country has launched three manned spaceflights since 2003 , each with a larger crew than the last , the most recent of which launched in September 2008 and featured China 's first spacewalk .
When asked if the gap between NASA 's shuttle fleet retirement and operational flights of its replacement — the Orion Crew Exploration Vehicle — will be just five years in duration , Holdren said he 's not eager to speculate , but added : " It 's going to be at least that long . "
In the ScienceInsider interview , Holdren also remarked that the White House remains interested in a space council — one that would thrash out thorny civil and military space issues to assist President Obama in decision - making .
As to how the space council will be structured , that has not been fully detailed , Holdren advised .
" But there will be a space council , " he said .
Inroads to lunar outreach
In other U.S. - China relationships , the recent 40th Lunar and Planetary Science Conference ( LPSC ) held last month in Texas also explored new ways to bridge U.S. moon exploration plans with China .
Upwards of 1,500 space scientists took part this year at the LPSC .
There 's one likely avenue that may be taken .
China could become a new partner in an International Lunar Network — a multi-nation effort to place science — instrumented robotic landers on the Moon 's surface .
China 's first moon orbiter Chang'e 1 completed its successful mission earlier this year when it was intentionally crashed into the lunar surface after more than a year studying the satellite .
Also at the LPSC , Ray Arvidson of the Department of Earth and Planetary Sciences , Washington University in Saint Louis underscored work at his institution for the past couple years " to develop a sustained level of contact with the emerging planetary science community in China . "
Arvidson said that an effort is underway to have the Chinese put their archives of data gleaned from that country 's Chang 'e - 1 lunar orbiter on the NASA Planetary Data System ( PDS ) .
Leonard David has been reporting on the space industry for more than four decades .
He is past editor - in - chief of the National Space Society 's Ad Astra and Space World magazines and has written for SPACE.com since 1999 .
Facebook CEO
Mark Zuckerberg says the social networking site now has 200 million users .
If Facebook were a country , it would be the world 's fifth - largest , after China , India , the U.S. , and Indonesia .
( But its revenue , of course , would be smaller than almost every country 's GDP . )
Zuckerberg 's announcement includes a neat video with some stats , including this chart of Facebook 's popularity by geography .
the wish list
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
A follow up to 14,000 Ways to Type Brain Vomit , this is Barbara Ann Kipfer 's list of 6000 achievements to check off , many of them subjective , even more of them impossible .
It jumps between " be appointed ambassador to China " ( page 209 ) to " be strong enough to lift a car " ( page 228 ) .
Those might be bad examples , since you could easily check both of those off by being Hulk Hoganthe ambassador to China in my screenplay of China Dad .
The problem with handing the reins of your life over to a book like this is , and this is only a theory , it seems like it 's just some stupid bitch typing every single thing that pops in her head and publishing it .
And to get a window into Barbara 's brilliant mind , " weave my own baskets " ( page 262 ) follows shortly on the heels of " weave a basket " ( page 107 ) .
She also gives you the option to check off both " learn to box " and " take boxing lessons . "
Maybe there 's a box for " have the plot of the film Memento based on you " or " suffer multiple concussions " in there somewhere .
So if even the author and her worst - person - ever Editor did n't read this book , what kind of person would ?
Luckily , I got this copy from a used book store , and it 's been used .
Scattered through the first half of the book , dozens and dozens of boxes have been lovingly checked off .
Strange boxes .
Using these as clues , I 'm going to try to figure out who owned this book before me .
This is a good clue .
Not very many people walk in space .
However , game designer Richard Garriott went into space last year with DNA samples from a ton of people including Stephen Colbert , Steven Hawking and the American Gladiator " Beast . "
He would have taken Nitro's DNA to space , but that shit already happens every time he jerks off .
Boom !
So I guess maybe this does n't narrow our search field down as much as I 'd hoped .
It does serve as a warning to any commercial aircraft flying over Nitro 's hydraulic masturbation chamber , though .
It looks like unfiltered solar radiation from the reader 's space walk did n't have any harmful effects on his or her pulsing brood of baby eggs .
This is much better news for them than it is for us .
He or she squeezed a fictional bread monster ?
Either this book owner missed with the pencil or their time in outer space showed them things we can't imagine .
Smart .
Very smart .
They know we 're onto them .
What luck that the author of the book included such a bizarre scientific achievement and then the book made it into the hands of the one person who achieved it !
It 's almost ... too perfect .
Wait , this is so weirdly specific that I 'm starting to think the book was written backwards around these circumstances .
Is this the author 's own copy , written after returning from the stars ?
Maybe she got so tired of people leaving during the story of her 10 minute mystery novel shopping spree that she actually invented a circumstance where it could be appreciated .
This narrows it down a bit more .
It 's either long - dead Swiss physician Adolf Fick or his partner Edouard Kalt .
So we 're dealing with time travel or a haunted book .
I 'll adjust my screaming accordingly .
Heart - breaking to fans of irony , this one was n't checked .
I guess the reader took one look at themselves checking off boxes in a list of things to do with their life and realized this particular one did n't apply .
They must have had some kind of epiphany , because the frequency of box - checking after this page dropped dramatically .
They did n't even check off easy ones like " sleep with the door open . "
Unless ... was this owned by the ghost of an ancient eye doctor astronaut held prisoner in time jail on charges trumped up by the floor cleaner industry ?
Well that throws a monkey wrench into my investigation .
OK , so now we 're looking for a lunatic space woman with jumper cables attached to her reproductive system , taking credit for inventing contact lenses .
Uh oh .
What the fuck does she have planned ?
What ?
Whoever this book owner is , we have n't heard the last of them .
Some day the scope of their grand plans will all be explained , but probably only to the Super Friends after they are shrunken and helpless inside tiny jars .
The Guardian claims to have details of the Formula One Teams ’ Associations ’ planned calendar for its rival F1 series in 2010 .
As well as bringing back the United States and Canadian Grand Prix , it suggests race are planned in Argentina , Finland and Mexico .
Plus , many of F1 ’s most popular venues – with two unfortunate exceptions – are to be retained .
3 March – Buenos Aires , Argentina ( last F1 race : 1998 )
21 March – Mexico City , Mexico ( last F1 race : 1992 )
11 April – Jerez , Spain ( last F1 race : 1997 )
25 April – Portimao , Portugal
2 May – Imola , Italy ( last F1 race : 2006 )
23 May – Monte Carlo , Monaco
6 June – Montreal , Canada ( last F1 race : 2008 )
13 June – Indianapolis , United States ( last F1 race : 2007 )
1 July – Silverstone , United Kingdom
25 July – Magny - Cours , France ( last F1 race : 2008 )
15 August – Laustizring , Germany
29 August – Helsinki , Finland
12 September – Monza , Italy
26 September – Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates
10 October – Marina Bay , Singapore
24 October – Suzuka , Japan
8 November – Adelaide ( last F1 race : 1995 ) or Surfers ’ Paradise , Australia
There are many interesting points to note on this highly speculative list .
Good riddance
First , many F1 fans will welcome the rejection of many unloved venues penned by Hermann Tilke : Bahrain , Fuji , Shanghai and Sepang are all missing , So too is his rather better Istanbul circuit , with its excellent turn eight bend .
Several former F1 venues are revived including some real gems : the tough , bumpy , rapid Mexico City track , and the classic season finale on the Adelaide street circuit ( though Surfers ’ Paradise , formerly an Indy Car track , would be almost as good ) .
However the same cannot be said of Jerez which , despite holding two memorable races in 1986 and 1997 , is much too small for F1 .
The Motorland Aragon circuit ( which , ironically , was designed by Hermann Tilke ) would be a much better venue for the Spanish Grand Prix .
No Brazil – or Belgium
The cherished venues of Monaco , Silverstone , Suzuka and Monza all remain .
The only ‘ big names ’ missing from the list are the sublime Spa - Francorchamps , which is believed to have a contract with Bernie Ecclestone until at least 2012 , and Interlagos in Brazil ( likewise until 2015 ) .
The lack of any Brazilian round is a particular disappointment – it has been on the F1 calendar without fail since 1973 , and Brazil has produced many championship and race - winning drivers .
The absence of these two races , while San Marino returns as a second Italian round , is the least appealing aspect of this calendar for me .
The North American rounds return at their previous venues – the Canadian Grand Prix at Montreal and the United States round at Indianapolis ( presumably the road course which has now been re-configured for Moto GP bikes and is , it must be said , even less satisfactory than its previous configuration ) .
New venues
The Portuguese Grand Prix , last raced in 1996 , returns but at the new Algarve International Circuit in Portiamo which is a splendid - looking facility and was warmly received by the F1 teams and drivers when they tested on it last winter .
The prospect of a Finnish Grand Prix at Helsinki is fascinating and long overdue .
A return to Argentina , even at the slow , cramped version of the Buenos Aires track last used in 1998 , would be a welcome re-acquaintance with F1 ’s history .
The new Potrero de los Funes circuit in San Luis would be a truly inspiring venue for this race , however .
The relocation of the German Grand Prix to the Laustizring is curious .
Unless their intention is to use the oval circuit – which would be enormously exciting – the prospect of a race on the dreary road course within its bounds is n’t one I ’d relish .
That aside I have only one objection to this speculative calendar – I want a single , unified Formula 1 to race on it , not some weakened manufacturer - run series under a different name , and not something that calls itself Formula 1 which has driven all the biggest and best teams away .
What do you think of the rumoured calendar ?
Is it credible ?
Which races would you drop – and which would you like to add ?
Read more
NB .
I have n’t been able to find a link from the article where I saw the calendar online – it’s on the front of the sports supplement in today ’s Guardian .
Update :
Thanks to Marilia for posting this link to the epaper version of the Guardian in the comments , where you can find the page .
Nintendo has produced a new commercial that brings Little Mac and Doc to life .
Little Mac is back after 15 years to knock down the toughest boxer he has faced in the first Punch - Out title .
No , it ’s not Mike Tyson .
It ’s King Hippo .
As fat as that guy is , I doubt he ’ll be chomping on your ears .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dEaL8HqufFI[/youtube]
Our girl , Jamie , went to this year ’s GDC .
Here some more information about the game that she was handed there .
Wii Punch - Out makes it way to video game shelves on May 18 .
A few of the characters that will be in this sequel are Little Mac , Glass Joe , King Hippo , Doc Louis , Von Kaiser and newcomer Disco Kid .
There are a total of 13 opponents for Little Mac to step into the ring with , 12 of which are returning from previous games in the Punch - Out !! series .
Schoolboy survives direct hit by meteorite travelling at 30,000mph
The odds of it happening are astronomical , but not impossible , as one schoolboy found out when he was struck by a passing meteorite .
The rock flew down from space at speeds of 30,000 mph , and grazed past 14 - year - old Gerrit Blank as he made his way to school .
The meteorite continued on before ending its billion - year intergalactic journey on the pavement , leaving a smoking , foot - wide crater .
Gerrit was left with a scar on his hand , making him one of only a handful of people to have been struck directly by a meteorite .
In one hand Gerrit holds the meteorite and on the back of the other the graze it left can be seen
The student , from Essen , Germany , said : ' At first I just saw a large ball of light , and then I suddenly felt a pain in my hand .
' Then a split second after that there was an enormous bang like a crash of thunder . '
The rock would originally have been a lot larger , but would have burned up in the atmosphere as it fell to Earth .
Most ' shooting stars ' burn up completely before they hit the ground .
The rock and the scar : Gerrit was lucky to survive his close encounter
Experts are now examining the pea-sized meteorite to discover its origins .
Most meteorites date back to the formation of the solar system 4.55 billion years ago .
The odds of being hit by a meteorite are said to be one in a 100 million .
There is not a confirmed fatality from a direct hit before , although there are many reported cases of animals being killed by an impact .
One woman in Alabama , America , was injured as she lay asleep in bed in 1954 .
The 4kg meteorite struck her after smashing through her roof .
A monk is said to have been killed by a meteorite in Milan in 1650 and two sailors in Sweden were reportedly killed by one while sailing in 1674 .
The rock would originally have been a lot larger , but would have burned up in the atmosphere as it fell to Earth
I am happy to announce that on 1 - 2 August , 2009 , the week - end before YAPC ::EU I am going to give a Perl 6 training in Lisbon , Portugal .
Details of the course can be found here .
It is the further development of the training I gave in Oslo in April where Larry Wall also attended my class .
( I should write about that experience a bit more ) .
If you 'd like to register that should be via the purchase form of the conference .
You will probably need to first register though .
Now that it is official that I am going to give this training I 'll need to update both the syllabus and the actual content of the course .
That means soon I 'll restart sending out the Perl 6 Tricks and Treats that I stopped due to a short project I took upon myself with a dead - line in early June .
Will this stop the pandamonium ?
Thai elephants painted to look like pandas after the black and white bears steal their fans
It is a desperate cry - or rather a very loud trumpet - for attention .
These elephants were painted black and white to look like the pandas who have stolen all their fans .
The elephant is Thailand 's national symbol , but the country has gone panda - crazy since the birth of a female panda cub to pandas Lin Hui and Xuang Xuang at Chiang Mai zoo in Bangkok .
They 'll never forget this :
The elephants parade their new look in a bid to lure visitors from the panda enclosure
The Bangkok Post also reported that a 20 million baht ( £ 355,800 ) snow house was being built for the panda family at the zoo .
Sick of all the fuss , keepers at the Ayutthaya - Elephant Kraal decided to take drastic - action , painting five of their neglected giants in watercolour paint , then parading them before schoolchildren .
The stunt has resulted in panda - monium as the zookeepers try to draw the country 's attention back to its neglected giants .
Grin and bear it : Elephants painted as pandas are seen at the Royal Elephant Kraal in Ayutthaya province , 80 km ( 50 miles ) north of Bangkok yesterday
The animals are paraded before schoolchildren in the battle of the beasts
Some told the Bangkok Post website that the keepers had gone ' a bit overboard ' , but others applauded their action .
' Right on !
It 's time the Government took care of its national symbol ... the elephant !' one reader wrote .
' The Chinese have taken care of theirs so why not Thailand ? '
Slathering them in white watercolour paint , the keepers at the Ayutthaya Elephant Kraal then paraded the five elephants before schoolchildren in an effort to remind Thailand that its elephants have needs , too .
The five elephants are led on their walkabout yesterday
I was visiting my friend Jim ( name changed to protect the embarrassed ) when he happened to mention that for a few weeks now , his neighborhood had been receiving regular UFO visits .
At first I was n’t sure if he was pulling my leg or what .
I knew Jim to be a reasonable guy , not given over to the supernatural .
Moreover , he was the UFOlogists ’ favorite type of witness : A pilot .
( Because , as we all know , pilots cannot be mistaken about anything seen in the sky . )
But I also knew that Jim could be pretty darn stubborn once an idea got into his head .
I realized he was quite serious , and from what he said , a lot of people in the neighborhood were equally serious about it .
Well , quite obviously , I had to see it .
So he took me outside into the dark , and what a surreal experience that was .
He simply said “ Let ’s go , ” and had the mannerism of every expectation that we ’d see the UFO .
Like it ’s always right there for the taking .
As we walked down the little street in his condo complex , he greeted a couple of neighbors standing by the dumpster .
“ You ’ve got to stand right here , ” he said , indicating the area in front of the dumpster where his neighbors , cocktails in hand , were already watching .
The line of sight was straight back up the street we ’d just come down .
About a hundreds yards away the street dead ended into a cross street lined with carports along its far side .
Beyond the carports were some trees and other regular neighborhood stuff .
Far in the distance was a range of low hills , which I knew from experience , though they were not visible in the darkness .
The sky was a little murky , there were very few stars visible , and no moon .
The condo complex did have streetlights , but they were relatively dim and did not really affect our visibility much .
Jim and his neighbors described the UFO to me .
It would always appear as a little squadron of two or three lights , bigger than stars , but not very bright .
They would simply appear out of nowhere at the end of the street , above the trees .
They ’d hover around for a moment , and then shoot off to the left .
The UFOs would appear and do their thing once perhaps every few minutes , and would keep doing it for as long as you wanted to watch .
The neighborhood had been in contact with their local newspaper , but nobody had seen an article yet .
I also gathered that the UFOs only appeared at night .
The woman neighbor believed someone was trying to tell us all something .
Her husband was quite curious about what they were and had been trying all sorts of theories that did n’t pan out , everything from cars driving along the hills in the distance to airplanes to laser projections in the clouds .
He liked the laser projection theory best , but even it did not fit the observation very well .
Jim did n’t seem to have a theory .
He accepted the UFOs calmly .
I ’m pretty sure he believed they were alien spacecraft and just did n’t want to say so .
But whatever his idea was , he seemed satisfied with it , and kept it to himself .
We watched and watched .
A few times someone said it did n’t usually take this long .
Soon my enthusiasm waned , and I was ready to head back inside .
And then the damnedest thing happened .
Two lights , dull gray or orange , appeared in the sky instantaneously .
One was above the other and slightly to the left .
They wavered for perhaps five long seconds , just slowly moved side to side ever so slightly , in perfect unison .
And then , before I had a chance to study them , they shot to the left , like they were launched from a sling , and were out of sight in probably half a second .
So I stood there with my jaw hanging open , wondering what they hell they could have been .
The security guard drove up , paused and hung out his window and chatted with Jim and the neighbors .
“ Seen our friends again ? ”
They shot the bull , I marveled at what I ’d seen .
That night I thought and thought and thought .
I had a theory .
The next morning I looked outside , and solved the mystery .
I discussed it with Jim .
And later that night , we confirmed it .
In this narrative I ’ve given you , I think , all you need to know to figure out what the UFOs were .
You know as much as I did on the night I saw them .
What was the theory I came up with ?
David Feherty , the former European tour golfer who has become one of the most popular television golf presenters in the United States , has put his job – and his reputation as a humorist – under threat after suggesting in a magazine article that American soldiers would like to " shoot " Nancy Pelosi , one of the most powerful Democratic party politicians in the country .
Writing in a Dallas magazine , Feherty , who is heavily involved with the Troops First Foundation , a charity which aims to help soldiers returning from Iraq , relayed a " joke " about Pelosi being in a lift along with Harry Reid , the Democratic leader of the senate , and Osama bin Laden .
" From my own experience visiting the troops in the Middle East , I can tell you this .
Despite how the conflict has been portrayed by our glorious media , if you gave any US soldier a gun with two bullets in it , and he found himself in an elevator with Nancy Pelosi , Harry Reid and Osama bin Laden , there 's a good chance that Nancy Pelosi would get shot twice and Harry Reid and bin Laden would be strangled to death , " he wrote .
If the television presenter 's aim was to be funny , then the humour was lost on many , most notably Keith Olbermann , host of an influential political talk show , who accused Feherty of peddling death fantasies and declared him " world 's worst person " – a distinction he usually reserves for the more voluble members of the right - wing media .
More worryingly for Feherty , his current employer , the CBS network , was quick to distance itself from him .
" While outside his work for CBS , David Feherty is a popular humorist , we want to be clear that this column for a Dallas magazine is an unacceptable attempt at humour and is not in any way condoned , endorsed or approved by CBS Sports . "
Since giving up playing golf for a living , Feherty , who played for Europe in the 1991 Ryder Cup , has become one of the game 's most popular commentators , principally because he ignores the rigid conventions of television golf coverage in the States , preferring cheek and irreverence over misplaced veneration .
Only last week he called Tiger Woods a " loser " to his face three times in the space of a 20 - second interview and managed to raise a laugh from the world No1 .
It was notable , however , that no one was laughing around the world of golf yesterday , least of all the PGA Tour .
" David Feherty is an insightful and sometimes humorous commentator for CBS Sports ' golf coverage , " the PGA Tour said in a statement .
" However , his attempt at humour in this instance went over the line and his comments were clearly inappropriate .
We hope he will use better judgment in the future . "
Despite the growing controversy over his words , Feherty , who recently gained American citizenship and lives in Dallas , has abandoned the habits of a lifetime and said nothing in response his critics .
However , the feeling last night at Sawgrass , venue for the Players Championship , is that he may have to say something in order to stem the tide .
DISCLAIMER : Just to be clear , the following do not represent my employer and the examples are not from my employer .
Threat intelligence is something I really enjoy doing and for this reason I get the opportunity to help many organizations .
No matter how good your malware and intelligence analysts are , in most occasions during an intelligence operation you will end up having to deeply understand a foreign language .
The language of your target .
Whether this is something as simple as finding the right communication media ( forums , messengers , social media , etc. ) for collection , or interacting with a threat actor to elicit information , the fact is that a linguist can play a key role to the success of a threat intelligence team .
Like most people in this field , I am constantly trying to learn about foreign cultures relevant to the intelligence requirements .
However , that cannot replace the role of a skilled intelligence linguist who is not only an expert in the specific language (s ) , but they also fully understand things that are much harder to grasp such as : Local culture , customs , habits & traditions , slang , different accents , history , etc .
So , although knowledge of foreign languages is a plus for simple tasks , they cannot replace the role of an experienced linguist .
I know that many people enjoy some good ol ’ war stories …
So , I ’ll share with you three quick ones from my personal experience which show the value of having that skillset in your threat intelligence team .
Slang terms
Years ago , I had almost no knowledge of the Russian language and I was collecting intelligence on a Russian - speaking threat actor .
The first challenge was identifying and getting access to all the forums the threat actor had access to .
And I still recall this …
It was the first time I came across one of the most common slang terms in Russian - speaking threat actors , the term “ Логи ” ( literal translation is : logs ) .
I still recall that it took me a few hours to figure out this simple term .
For those curious , “ Логи ” is used to describe compromised data such as accounts with credentials , cookies , etc. typically collected from a piece of malware .
So , if someone wants to buy compromised accounts for Example.com derived from a malware they might make a post titled “ куплю логи Example.com ” ( literal translation is : buying Example.com logs ) .
For an intelligence linguist that would have taken them less than a second because it ’s such a commonly used slang term .
Local communities
Some years ago I was working on the threat landscape of a foreign company operating in a specific domain in a region of China .
For this reason , I spent quite some time trying to become familiar with local threats as well as local threat intelligence experts to get their perspectives .
Even though I was physically located in this region of China , it was very challenging since people did n’t trust me , a foreigner , with potentially confidential information and it took a lot of effort from my side .
Eventually , one day I managed to build rapport with a local person and within hours that person gave me so much information that it was impossible to collect in months .
If a linguist was available at that time , they would have already knew at least 60 % of what this person told me , and be able to find the other 40 % much faster and cheaper than me due to their skillset .
Historical / cultural information
I recall once an investigation where I was helping with the attribution of a cyber- criminal where we had been able to collect a decent amount of information from the threat actor and we were in the analysis phase of the intelligence cycle with the requirement being de-anonymization / attribution .
One of the collected information was a screen recording of the threat actor performing their illegal activity .
At some point in the video recording , there were literally two frames where an Arabic language text appears .
It was blurry and unclear .
However , using a linguist , they informed us that this was a specific expression used by a very specific group of people .
This tiny piece of detail helped us uncover the identity of the target .
However , that knowledge would be impossible to know without very deep understanding of the local culture and history .
I understand that many of my readers might not have the capacity to have dedicated linguists for all the languages their threats are originating from in their intelligence teams .
So , what can you do in this case ?
Here are some suggestions :
First identify the most prominent languages relevant to your intelligence requirements
At a minimum encourage and support your threat intelligence personnel to learn those languages by providing trainings , budget , and learning tools
If deemed safe , allow your personnel to travel and stay in those foreign countries for sufficient time to understand , at least partially , the culture , habits , customs , etc .
There are companies and government organizations offering cultural awareness trainings for different countries .
Use those as a means to get your personnel familiar with their targets ’ culture and mindset
As the team grows , hire dedicated analysts native in the targets ’ language(s ) and potentially even split the teams to relevant areas of responsibilities ( LATAM , APAC , MENA , etc . )
In conclusion , before adding more reverse engineers or DFIR analysts to your intelligence team , I would highly encourage you to consider having some dedicated intelligence linguist (s ) .
That skillset can be a force multiplier for an intelligence team .
And if you cannot hire such experts , at a minimum , support your people to grow their intelligence linguist skills as described above .
El uso de un directorio web es similar al uso de las páginas amarillas de un directorio telefónico .
si bien los directorios de empresas son una base de datos de empresas y enlaces categorizados para los usuarios de internet .
Los directorios web pueden ser muy útiles para las personas y empresas que buscan una mejor visibilidad en la Red .
Esta es la razón por la que los sitios web que han sido presentados en directorios pueden aumentar su popularidad y pueden mejorar el posicionamiento en los motores de búsqueda .
Con una mejor visibilidad , una web de empresa puede ganar más páginas vistas .
Si tienes una página web de empresa relacionada con un negocio determinado , puede presentar su web en la categoría comercial correspondiente .
Esta es una estrategia de construcción de enlaces brillante que puede abrir las puertas a más oportunidades de ganancias empresariales .
Predict09 es un índice de empresas que acepta anuncios , venta y eventos a un mínimo coste .
Tenga en cuenta las directrices sobre la presentación en la guía de empresas para ayudar a mejorar la popularidad de su web .
Compruebe su actividad y localización .
Esto hará que su listado sea relevante según las búsquedas en el sector adecuado .
Predict09 recoge sitos web relacionados con la industria y la empresa .
Sus visitantes buscan productos , servicios o negocios por actividad o localizacion .
Una vez que su sitio está en el registro de empresas y guía de negocios , aparece en la lista de enlaces y sitios web comerciales relacionados , que se ordenan para facilitar la búsqueda .
Predict09 es un índice de empresas destinado a darle a su web una mayor exposición a los potenciales clientes .
Si su web aún carece de la exposición y visibilidad necesaria que necesita , trate de enviar su sitio al directorio .
Su empresa puede estar a unos pocos clics de distancia de impulsar ventas y rendimiento .
Directorios de búsqueda local
La publicación de directorios de búsqueda local se está convirtiendo en una de las estrategias de marketing en Internet más populares .
Este tipo de directorios de negocios es una forma excepcional para atraer nuevos clientes y les proporcionan indicaciones para llegar hasta su puerta .
Los directorios de búsqueda local ofrecen un enfoque innovador para ayudar a las empresas de base local a que se convierten encuentra en línea .
Teniendo en cuenta que casi el 85 % de los consumidores localizan las empresas a través de Internet , se trata de una estrategia que no deben pasar por alto .
Unos de los principales beneficios incluyen la mejora de las clasificaciones de búsqueda y oportunidades para desarrollar el reconocimiento de marca y los ingresos de las ventas .
Los directorios animan a la opinión del consumidor , que puede ser un gran impulso cuando las recomendaciones son favorables .
Por otra parte , los directorios permiten a propietarios subir fotos , folletos y catálogos de productos , o proporcionan cupones o ofertas de descuentos .
Las empresas deben aprovechar todas las opciones para mejorar su perfil al máximo .
Los propietarios también pueden publicar un enlace a su sitio web .
Puede ser ventajoso para crear una página de ofertas especiales y los visitantes obtienen ofertas exclusivas .
Esto podría ser una suscripción complementaria de noticias , cupones de descuento , envío libre , o un regalo .
Proporcionar ofertas especiales es un método probado para la obtención de nuevos negocios .
Considere la posibilidad de ofrecer algo que nadie más está haciendo .
Llevar a cabo investigaciones para averiguar lo que los competidores ofrecen con su lista local de publicidad .
Ver lo que hace la competencia es la única manera de mantenerse por delante .
No hay razón por la que no se puede mejorar o usarlo como punto de partida .
Las empresas tendrán que idear un plan de marketing para aprovechar plenamente la búsqueda local .
La publicación de numerosos directorios puede ser un proceso que consume tiempo .
Un buen método es la compra de un anuncio de empresa que se publica a los principales directorios de empresas , directorios de páginas amarillas y directorios móviles .
Otra es la de pedir ayuda a los trabajadores independientes o subcontratar proyectos para una empresa de marketing .
También es importante localizar una variedad de directorios de zonas próximas .
Esto no sólo ayudará a ampliar la exposición en línea , es también un buen método de construcción de enlaces .
Si bien hay muchos factores involucrados con los motores de búsqueda , se sabe que un alto nivel de enlaces entrantes de calidad es beneficioso .
Una ventaja adicional de la publicación de numerosos directorios es ser capaz de tomar ventaja de marketing móvil .
Este es , de lejos , una de las estrategias de marketing de más rápido crecimiento , ya que permite a las empresas llegar a un número ilimitado de los consumidores .
Los directorios de empresas locales integran la búsqueda local con el marketing móvil a través de los códigos QR y una dirección web para móviles que permite a los suscriptores acceder fácilmente a sitios web de negocios que utilizan dispositivos de mano .
La desventaja de búsqueda local es que los datos tienen que ser examinados de forma regular , ya que los proveedores hacen mejoras que pueden alterar o eliminar la codificación de los datos anteriormente publicados .
Por último , pero no menos importante , configurar un sistema de gestión de la reputación para rastrear la opinión del consumidor y averiguar lo que otros tienen que decir de los directorios de búsqueda local .
Two southern Kentucky counties where officials posted copies of the Ten Commandments in courthouses have been ordered by a federal judge to pay more than $ 400,000 to the American Civil Liberties Union and citizens who successfully challenged the displays .
US district judge Jennifer B Coffman ordered Pulaski and McCreary counties to pay $ 393,798 in attorneys ' fees and $ 8,133 in expenses to the ACLU of Kentucky and citizens .
Coffman 's decision is the latest ruling in a court fight that began a decade ago .
The counties do n't have to pay immediately because aspects of the case are still being appealed .
But if the counties ultimately lose , taxpayers could be on the hook for the bill if insurance does n't cover it .
McCreary county judge - executive Blaine Phillips said he does n't think the county 's insurance policy would cover its share of the payment .
Phillips said McCreary county might seek donations if it has to split the cost of the Ten Commandments fight with Pulaski county .
He was reluctant to even mention taxpayer dollars as a possible source for the payment .
" That 'll be a hard pill to swallow " if the county has to pay , Phillips said .
McCreary county is one of the state 's poorest , and is hard - pressed at times to fund police protection and other services .
Phillips said there 's been no discussion on how to share the bill with Pulaski county if that becomes necessary .
But Mathew Staver , who represents the counties , said he thinks their insurance companies would cover the judgement if the counties someday have to pay .
He said if the counties win the case on appeal , they would n't have to pay the ACLU .
That is the goal , said Staver , founder and chairman of Liberty Counsel , a Christian legal group .
David A Friedman , lead attorney for the ACLU , agreed that the counties would n't have to pay all $ 400,000 if they win their appeal .
However , the ACLU and the citizens who filed the lawsuit would still be entitled to a significant fee award , Friedman said .
The counties argued to Coffman that the fee request from the ACLU was unreasonable .
The attorneys spent too much time on some tasks such as legal research , billed for some things they should n't have and sought fees that were too high , the counties argued .
Coffman disagreed on every point , ruling that the ACLU fee request was reasonable for a complex case that required 1,300 hours of work over 10 years .
She also noted that the counties ' own actions ran up the legal bill in the case .
The counties started the court battle by posting standalone copies of the Ten Commandments that were " indisputably unconstitutional " at the time , then fought all the way to the US supreme court to defend their actions , Coffman said .
" The defendants ' cannot litigate tenaciously and then be heard to complain about the time necessarily spent ... in response , ' " Coffman wrote , citing an earlier court opinion .
Sister 's Char Koay Teow on McAlister Rd. in Penang
Some tips that I have discovered along the way :
Use a wok — a real wok , not one of those non -stick pans .
If you must use a non -stick pan , it ’ll still be ok , but wo n’t turn out as great .
Use a gas stove .
If you are stuck with an electric range like we are , improvise by getting a portable butane stove and cooking outside .
Use lard .
That 's right , I said it .
LARD .
I save pork fat trimmings in the freezer and then cube them and render them for oil when I have enough to make about a cup 's worth .
I have sometimes substituted the lard by frying up some bacon and using the oil from the bacon ( save the bacon bits for other applications like salads , soups , or just eating out of hand )
Mise en place .
Make sure you have all your ingredients in place before you start .
Cooking Char Koay
Teow is a very quick process .
Char Koay
Teow ingredients : bean sprouts , lard , shrimp , garlic , Chinese sausage , preserved cabbage , and koay teow noodles
Use preserved cabbage for additional flavor .
I think I got this idea from looking up a recipe for char koay kark which calls for it and I thought , hmm … why not for char koay teow also !
Make single batches .
Do not attempt to make a large batch of CKT .
This dish works best when cooked individually .
I never make this for a big party although I have been tempted to make this into a party activity where everyone fries their own .
Watch your heat .
If it ’s too high , you can burn your dish easily .
If not high enough , you wo n’t get that wok hei .
The first attempt at cooking CKT will give you an idea of how you ’re doing with the heat .
Alright , on to the recipe :
Char Koay Teow
your
Method
Heat wok on high heat .
When wok is very hot , add 2 Tbsp of lard .
Toss in 1 Tbsp minced garlic , stir around and throw in 1 tsp preserved cabbage .
Add 3 - 4 shrimp and stir it around till lightly pink .
Toss in a small handful of Chinese sausage ( about 6 - 7 slices or more ) .
When shrimp is almost done , push shrimp to side of wok ( where it ’s less hot ) and toss in a handful ( about a loose cup ) of noodles .
Add about 2 Tbsp CKT sauce and chili sauce ( up to how spicy you like it ) to noodles and stir it around .
Push noodles to side , and crack in one egg ( or two ) .
Scramble the egg a little and let it sit for half a minute untouched .
Add a large handful of beansprouts to noodles and stir everything together .
As soon as beansprouts start to wilt a little , the dish is done and it ’s time to plate up !
BONUS CHAR KOAY TEOW - MAKING TIP
Sauce for Char Koay Teow
I ’m sure there will be some who will challenge my opinion , but I really think that , outside of Penang , there are very few good Char Koay Teows to be had .
When I was living in KL , it did n’t matter that I went many months without eating CKT because I knew that a trip to visit relatives in Penang was always on the horizon .
I would soon be able to get my fix .
Now that I am living in California , I miss eating Char Koay Teow quite a bit .
So here is my “ make - do ” recipe for CKT while I am far away from the really good stuff .
It 's a decent recipe that I 've added a few tweaks to so that the flavors stand out more .
feeds about 6 adults Ingredients : ½ cup lard1 head of garlic , minced6 tsp preserved cabbage ½ lb of medium - large shrimp ( I normally use 26 - 30 count and allocate about 3 - 4 per person ) 2 chinese sausages ( lup cheong ) , sliced thin on a bias1.5 lbs of medium - width rice noodles , loosened .
Here in San Jose , we can find them at the Asian grocery store , sold in trays , freshly made .
If you really cannot find fresh noodles , I believe that dry pho noodles can be used as a substitute ... but they just wo n’t taste as good .
6 eggs , or more if you like it more eggy8 oz bag of bean sprouts6 tsp Sriracha chili sauce ( optional ) 12 Tbsp CKT sauce ( see recipe below ) ( Some people like cockles in their CKT , but I do n't .
Others prefer crab meat .
Tell mefavorite CKT ingredient ! )
Work quickly and in individual batches .
If you ’re a kind ( read : sneaky ) host , pass on the plated Char Koay Teow to someone else and continue cooking .
Trust me , the best plate will be the ( the wok will get more and more seasoned as you cook and the later dishes will take on a more smoky flavor ) .
Here 's a video we made of the process .
NOTE : This video was of the last batch being cooked , when we had barely enough koay teow noodles but a whole lot of bean sprouts !
See how quick that was ?
Eating it is just as quick , if not quicker .
Cheers , Annie5 Tbsp soy sauce1
Tbsp thick soy sauce1-½
Tbsp oyster sauce¼ tsp sugar4 - 5 Tbsp water
Put all ingredients into a bowl and stir until the sugar and oyster sauce has dissolved into the other liquid ingredients .
Like this recipe ?
Subscribe to House of Annie by email and never miss a new post !
Collection of modern teapots and unusual kettle designs that will look great in any kitchen .
Creativi*tea Kettle
Beautiful kettle design by Sarina Fiero is inspired by the warm and comforting feeling that tea - drinking brings to those who partake .
ONE Kettle
This modern kettle is designed to both boil and serve , enabling a simpler , more direct user experience .
Decorative patterns are applied with thermochromic ink , which become visible as the water boils .
Lazy Teapot
Creative teapot for people that do not like the chore of actually picking up a teapot and pouring the hot water into a cup .
Qp Kettle
Square kettle design by Russian designer Andrey Vostrikov .
Spin Kettle
Based on the idea of keeping a stable center of gravity , the user pours , not by tipping the kettle , but by sliding a switch to activate a mechanism that tips the spout forward to pour , creating a delightful motion .
VERA Electric Kettle
Electric kettle VERA by Casa Bugatti complements your relaxation time with elegance and technical innovation .
nio Kettle
Designed by Oliver Hemming , this elegant stainless steel kettle is suitable to be put on all types of stove except Induction cookers .
Peugeot Kettle
Sleek electric kettle designed by Dmitry Gontarev , a first year Transport and Product Design student at Coventry University .
Turtle Tea Kettle
Made from ceramic , this kettle features a side window that lets you check the water levels .
The handle and timer cap is made out of a heat resistant phenolic plastic , making them easy to handle when hot .
Terrorist Teapot
This unique tea set includes the teapot and the balaclava tea cosy .
Zygo Teapot
Delicate yet sturdy ceramic frame of this teapot embraces the stainless steel sphere in an engaging juxtaposition of form , surface , and material .
Sorapot Teapot
Beautiful teapot designed by Joey Roth .
Sorapot ’s architectural shape and simple functionality bring tea ’s quiet beauty into sharp focus .
Cortina Electric Kettle
Stylish electric kettle from Japanese brand Metaphys .
Cigno Teapot
Unusual teapot by Adam Hammerman is shaped like a bird .
Also check out : Clever and Creative Tea Packaging
NASHVILLE - Men can stop making child support payments if genetic testing proves they are not the child 's biological father under legislation approved Thursday by the House .
House Bill 805 , sponsored by Rep. Stacey Campfield , R - Knoxville , passed on a 66 - 24 vote .
Three lawmakers abstained .
Rep .
Campfield , who has dubbed the measure the " baby daddy bill , " said the issue is one of fairness .
In court cases , he said , DNA testing has shown one out of four men listed as fathers on a birth certificate were actually not .
" I think this will help those people who did not realize they were deceived and are making child support payments for a child who 's not their 's , " he said .
The legislation would not apply in cases where the man has legally adopted the child .
Another provision says support payments must continue for 60 days after childhood is " disestablished . "
During debate , Rep. Mark Maddox , D - Dresden , asked , " What about the child ?
Suddenly this woman - yes , she did wrong - is going to be left to fend for herself and that child .
Maybe the real father can be found .
Maybe not . "
The Senate version of the bill is sponsored by Sen. Dewayne Bunch , R - Cleveland , and remains in the Judiciary Committee .
In other action Thursday :
n Senators voted to make sending or reading text messaging while driving a separate traffic offense punishable by a $ 50 fine .
Critics contended that Senate Bill 393 adds nothing to current laws banning distractions while driving .
The House is scheduled to take it up Monday .
The proposed law would apply only to drivers whose vehicles are in motion .
In addition to the $ 50 fine , it provides for $ 10 in court costs .
The offense would be treated legally as a non-moving violation , so it would not put points on drivers ' records .
n County commissioners and city council members could discuss legislation via the Internet and not violate Tennessee 's Open Meetings
Act under a bill headed to the governor .
House members voted 91- 0 and agreed to accept Senate changes to House Bill 533 .
The bill , sponsored by Rep. Bill Dunn , R - Knoxville , expands a Knox County pilot project and allows local governing bodies , including school boards , to decide if they want to establish a computer " chat room " on a government Web site .
The site would let boards exchange messages and discuss pending matters without violating Tennessee 's Open Meetings Act .
The public would have to have access to the Web site , and the bill requires governing bodies provide computer access in libraries or government buildings .
The Open Meetings Act , also known as the " sunshine law , " bans public officials from private or secret discussions or deliberations that result in decisions .
The bill says officials could discuss but still could not " deliberate " toward a decision .
n House members voted 87 - 3 on legislation that requires the Tennessee Valley Authority or other entities to install liners in new or expanded coal - ash storage facilities .
The bill sponsor , Rep. Joe McCord , R - Maryville , said in response to questions that it would not allow TVA or others to place a liner on existing facilities and then pile more coal ash on top .
Rep. Frank Niceley , R - Strawberry Plains , questioned whether such liners would have prevented the massive coal ash spill at TVA 's Kingston Fossil Plant on Dec. 22 .
A koala wandered into a Queensland holiday apartment and tried out several beds in a role reversal of the story " Goldilocks and the Three Bears " , before curling up on its chosen one and having a snooze .
The three young women , who had rented the apartment on Magnetic Island , were unable to persuade it to move .
They had first noticed the koala in a tree outside after checking in last Friday for a weekend break .
They took several photographs , after which it descended on to their verandah and then joined them inside .
A wildlife ranger , Cliff Harman , said that the women had to convince him they were serious when they rang him .
He told the Townsville Bulletin : " Someone had called up and said : ' This is not a prank , we have a koala sitting on a bed .
What are we supposed to do ? ' "
Queensland Parks and Wildlife Service rangers captured the koala and released it into the wild .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Mr Harman said the koala might have been searching for its favourite food , eucalyptus leaves , rather than a comfortable bolthole .
" It 's a big misconception that koalas are quite lazy .
They are lazy in the day , but they are nocturnal animals . "
By GottaLaff
Two of the nation 's top litigators who opposed each other in the Bush v. Gore election challenge in 2000 have joined forces to seek federal court intervention in California 's gay marriage controversy .
Theodore B. Olson and David Boies have filed a U.S. District Court lawsuit on behalf of two gay men and two gay women , arguing that the California constitutional amendment eliminating the right of gay couples to marry violates the U.S. constitutional guarantee of equal protection and due process .
Their suit , to be filed in U.S. District Court in California , calls for an injunction against the proposition , allowing immediate reinstatement of marriage rights for same - sex couples .
... Legal scholars have observed that proponents of gay marriage have avoided taking the issue to federal court so far because of the dominance of conservative judges and justices on the federal bench after the eight - year tenure of President George W. Bush .
They say a picture is worth a thousand words .
Well , here 's one that vividly illustrates why putting DRM on e-books is short - sighted , futile , and doomed .
If you must have words , here are a few explaining this photo .
And here are a few more wherein Microsoft security engineers explain in their 2002 " Darknet " paper why all DRM like this is doomed to fail .
( Photo reproduced under CC license courtesy of bkrpr , original here . )
In my last post I talked about the proposal for the ownership scheme for multithreaded programs that provides alias control and eliminates data races .
The scheme requires the addition of new type qualifiers to the ( hypothetical ) language .
The standard concern is that new type qualifiers introduce code duplication .
The classic example is the duplication of getters required by the introduction of the const modifier :
class Foo { private Bar _bar ; public : Bar get ( ) { return _bar ; } const Bar get ( ) const { return _bar ; } }
Do ownership annotations lead to the same kind of duplication ?
Fortunately not .
It ’s true that , in most cases , two implementations of each public method are needed –with and without synchronization –but this is taken care by the compiler , not by the programmer .
Unlike in Java , we do n’t need a different class for shared Vector and thread - local ArrayList .
In my scheme , when a vector is instantiated as a monitor ( shared ) , the compiler automatically puts in the necessary synchronization code .
Need for generic code
The ownership scheme introduces an element of genericity by letting the programmer specify ownership during the instantiation of a class ( just as a template parameter is specified during the instantiation of a template ) .
I already mentioned that most declarations can be expressed in two ways : one using type qualifiers , another using template notation –the latter exposing the generic nature of ownership annotations .
For instance , these two forms are equivalent :
auto foo2 = new shared Foo ; auto foo2 = new Foo < owner : : self > ;
The template form emphasizes the generic nature of ownership annotations .
With the ownership system in place , regular templates parametrized by types also gain an additional degree of genericity since their parameters now include implicit ownership information .
This is best seen in objects that do n’t own the objects they hold .
Most containers have this property ( unless they are restricted to storing value types ) .
For instance , a stack object might be thread - local while its elements are either thread - local or shared .
Or the stack might be shared , with shared elements , etc .
The source code to implement such stacks may be identical .
The polymorphic scheme and the examples are based on the GRFJ paper I discussed in a past post .
An example
– Stack
A parameterized stack might look like this :
class Stack < T> { private Node < T> _top ; public : void push ( T value ) { auto newNode = new Node < owner : : this , T > ; newNode.init ( := value , _top ) ; _top = newNode ; } T pop ( ) { if ( _top is null ) return null ; auto value := _top.value ( ) ; _top = _top.next ( ) ; return value ; } }
This stack is parametrized by the type T .
This time , however , T includes ownership information .
In particular T could be shared , unique , immutable or –the default–thread - local .
The template picks up whatever qualifier is specified during instantiation , as in :
auto stack = new Stack < unique Foo > ;
The _top ( the head of the linked list ) is of the type Node , which is parametrized by the type T .
What is implicit in this declaration is that _top is owned by this – the default assignment of ownership for subobjects .
If you want , you can make this more explicit :
private Node < owner : : this , T > _top ;
Notice that , when constructing a new Node , I had to specify the owner explicitly as this .
The default would be thread - local and could leak thread - local aliases in the constructor .
It is technically possible that the owner : : this could , at least in this case , be inferred by the compiler through simple flow analysis .
Let ’s have a closer look at the method push , where some interesting things are happening .
First push creates a new node , which is later assigned to _top .
The compiler cannot be sure that the Node constructor or the init method do n’t leak aliases .
That looks bad at first glance because , if an alias to newNode were leaked , that would lead to the leakage of _top as well ( after a pop ) .
And here ’s the clincher : Because newNode was declared with the correct owner –the stack itself –it can’t leak an alias that has a different owner .
So anybody who tries to access the ( correctly typed ) leaked alias would have to hold the lock on the stack .
Which means that , if the stack is shared , unsynchronized access to any of the nodes and their aliases is impossible .
Which means no races on Nodes .
I also used the move operator := to move the values stored on the stack .
That will make the stack usable with unique types .
( For non - unique types , the move operator turns into regular assignment . )
I can now instantiate various stacks with different combinations of ownerships .
The simplest one is :
auto localStack = new Stack < Foo > ;
which is thread - local and stores thread - local objects of class Foo .
There are no restrictions on Foo .
A more interesting combination is :
auto localStackOfMonitors = new Stack < shared Foo > ;
This is a thread - local stack which stores monitor objects ( the opposite is illegal though , as I ’ll explain in a moment ) .
There is also a primitive multithreaded message queue :
auto msgQueue = new shared Stack < shared Foo > ;
Notice that code that would try to push a thread - local object on the localStackOfMonitors or the msgQueue would not compile .
We need the rich type system to be able to express such subtleties .
Other interesting combinations are :
auto stackOfImmutable = new shared Stack < immutable Foo > ; auto stackOfUnique = new shared Stack < unique Foo > ;
The latter is possible because I used move operators in the body of Stack .
– Node
Now I ’ll show you the fully parameterized definition of Node .
I made all ownership annotations explicit for explanatory purposes .
Later I ’ll argue later that all of them could be elided .
class Node <T> { private : T _value ; Node < owner : : of_this , T > _next ; public : void init ( T v , Node < owner : : of_this , T> next ) { _value := v ; _next = next ; } T value ( ) { return : =_value ; } Node < owner : : of_this , T> next ( ) { return _next ; } }
Notice the declaration of _next :
I specified that it must be owned by the owner of the current object , owner : : of_this .
In our case , the current object is a node and its owner is an instance of the Stack ( let ’s assume it ’s the self - owned msgQueue ) .
This is the most logical assignment of ownership : all nodes are owned by the same stack object .
That means no ownership conversions need be done , for instance , in the implementation of pop .
In this assignment :
_top = _top.next ( ) ;
the owner of _top is msgQueue , and so is the owner of its _next object .
The types match exactly .
I drew the ownership tree below .
The fat arrows point at owners .
But that ’s not the only possibility .
The default –that is _next being owned by the current node–would work too .
The corresponding ownership tree is shown below .
The left - hand side of the assignment
_top = _top.next ( ) ;
is still owned by msgQueue .
But the _next object inside the _top is not .
It is owned by the _top node itself .
These are two different owners so , during the assignment , the compiler has to do an implicit ownership conversion .
Such conversion is only safe if both owners belong to the same ownership tree ( sometimes called a “ region ” ) .
Indeed , ownership is only needed for correct locking , and the locks always reside at the top of the tree ( msgQueue in this case ) .
So , after all , we do n’t need to annotate _next with the ownership qualifier .
The two other annotations can be inferred by the compiler ( there are some elements of type inference even in C++0 x and D ) .
The argument next to the method init must be either owned by this or be convertible to owner : : this because of the assignment
_next = next ;
Similarly , the return from the method next is implicitly owned by this ( the node ) .
When it ’s used in Stack.pop :
_top = _top.next ( ) ;
the owner conversion is performed .
With ownership inference , the definition of Node simplifies to the following :
class Node <T> { private : T _value ; Node < T > _next ; // by default owned by this public : void init ( T v , Node < T > next ) { _value := v ; _next = next ; // inference : owner of next must be this } T value ( ) { return : =_value ; } Node < T> next ( ) { return _next ; // inference : returned node is owned by this } }
which has no ownership annotations .
Let me stress again a very important point :
If init wanted to leak the alias to next , it would have to assign it to a variable of the type Node < owner : : this , T > , where this is the current node .
The compiler would make sure that such a variable is accessed only by code that locks the root of the ownership tree , msgQueue .
This arrangement ensures the absence of races for the nodes of the list .
Another important point is that Node contains _value of type T as a subobject .
The compiler will refuse instantiations where Node ‘s ownership tree is shared ( its root is is self - owned ) , and T is thread - local .
Indeed , such instantiation would lead to races if an alias to _value escaped from Node .
Such an alias , being thread - local , would be accessible without locking .
Comment on notation
In general , a template parameter list might contain a mixture of types , type qualifiers , values , ( and , in D , aliases ) .
Because of this mixture , I ’m using special syntax for ownership qualifiers , owner : :x to distinguish them from other kinds of parameters .
As you have seen , a naked ownership qualifier may be specified during instantiation .
If it ’s the first template argument , it becomes the owner of the object .
Class templates do n’t specify this parameter , but they have access to it as owner : : of _this .
Other uses of qualifier polymorphism
Once qualifier polymorphism is in the language , there is no reason not to allow other qualifiers to take part in polymorphism .
For instance , the old problem of having to write separate const versions of accessors can be easily solved :
class
Foo { private Bar _bar ; public mut_q
Bar get < mutability : : mut_q >( ) mut_q { return _bar ; } }
Here method get is parametrized by the mutability qualifier mut_q .
The values it can take are : mutable ( the default ) , const , or immutable .
For instance , in
auto immFoo = new immutable Foo ; immutable Bar b = immFoo.get ( ) ;
the immutable version of get is called .
Similarly , in
void f( const Foo foo ) { const Bar b = foo.get ( ) ; }
the const version is called ( notice that f may also be called with an immutable object–it will work just fine ) .
Class methods in Java or D are by default virtual .
This is why , in general , non-final class methods cannot be templatized ( an infinite number of possible versions of a method would have to be included in the vtable ) .
Type qualifiers are an exception , because there is a finite number of them .
It would be okay for the vtable to have three entries for the method get , one for each possible value of the mutability parameter .
In this case , however , all three are identical , so the compiler will generate just one entry .
Conclusion
The hard part –explaining the theory and the details of the ownership scheme–is over .
I will now switch to a tutorial - style presentation that is much more programmer friendly .
You ’ll see how simple the scheme really is in practice .
Mr Brettell , in his 60s , said last month : " " We do not believe the council want a thriving LGBT ( Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgender ) community in our city .
The impression I get is that the council just does n't want to know .
Piraten mit Rückenwind Peter Mühlbauer
Nach der Verabschiedung des " Zugangserschwerungsgesetzes " steigen Medienaufmerksamkeit und Mitgliederzahlen
Nimmt man nur die neueren elektronischen Medien zum Maßstab , dann müsste eine Mehrheit für Merkel in Deutschland eigentlich genauso unwahrscheinlich sein wie eine für Ahmadinedschad in Iran .
Allerdings ist der medienkompetente Teil der Bevölkerung möglicherweise in beiden Ländern deutlich in der Minderheit , worauf etwa Peter Scholl - Latour hinwies , der nüchtern konstatierte , dass er ebenso wenig Zweifel an einer Wahlmanipulation wie an einer tatsächlichen Mehrheit für den persischen Präsidenten habe .
Sah man sich die deutsche Blogosphäre in der letzten Woche an , so lautete das bemerkenswert einhellige Urteil von Johnny Haeusler bis Felix von Leitner , vom Immateriablog bis Carta , dass sich die SPD endgültig in die Unwählbarkeit verabschiedet hat , während die Piratenpartei fast überall als neue Hoffnung gefeiert wurde .
Hauptgrund dafür war das von Sozial - und Christdemokraten am Donnerstag verabschiedete " Zugangserschwerungsgesetz " , gegen das über 130.000 Bürger eine Petition unterzeichneten .
Plakat auf der von der Piratenpartei mitveranstalteten Berliner Demonstration gegen das " Zugangserschwerungsgesetz "
Zur ungewöhnlich großen Empörung , die dieses Gesetz hervorrief , trug auch die Art und Weise , wie die neu zu schaffende Zensurinfrastruktur vermarktet wurde - nämlich mit dem Argument des Kinderschutzes , wofür die Sperren allerdings nachgewiesenermaßen so wenig taugen , dass sich auch Opferverbände dagegen aussprachen .
Hinzu kam , dass sich bereits vor der Abstimmung im Bundestag abzeichnete , wofür das Instrument mit größerem Erfolg eingesetzt werden könnte - nämlich gegen Urheberrechtsverletzungen , " Killerspiele " und politisch Unliebsames wie Wikileaks .
Daneben dürfte auch eine Rolle spielen , dass sowohl Justizministerin Zypries von der SPD als auch Kulturstaatsminister Neumann von der CDU durchblicken ließen , dass sie für die nächsten Legislaturperiode neue Monopolrechte für Verlage planen , was erhebliche rechtliche Risiken und eine deutliche Erschwernis von Medienkritik mit sich bringen würde - einem Bereich , in dem sich Blogs in den letzten Jahren eine wichtige Rolle erarbeiteten .
Während des Gesetzgebungsprozesses führte das Verhalten der Opposition vor Augen , dass bei Grünen , FDP und Linkspartei die im Wahlkampf vertretenen Positionen zum Schutz von Bürgerrechten keine Kernanliegen sind , und ( wie auch die Koalitionen auf Landesebene in den letzten Jahren zeigten ) im Zweifelsfall gegen Zugeständnisse in steuer - , umwelt - oder sozialpolitischen Fragen aufgegeben werden .
Bei der Abstimmung am Donnerstag enthielt sich ein Drittel der Grünen - Abgeordneten der Stimme , während bei der Linkspartei viele gar nicht erst anwesend waren .
Von der FDP - Fraktion stimmte unter anderem Guido Westerwelle nicht gegen das Gesetz , weshalb in Foren gespöttelt wurde , ob wohl auch seine von Norbert Bisky gemalten nackten Knaben auf die Zensurliste kommen könnten .
Die Piratenpartei hatte dagegen den " Schutz der Privatsphäre , eine transparente Verwaltung , eine Modernisierung des Urheberrechtes , freie Kultur , freies Wissen und freie Kommunikation " zu ihren zentralen Forderungen erhoben .
Eine klare Ankündigung des frisch gewählten schwedischen Europaparlamentsabgeordneten Christian Engström , sich dem Links - Rechts - Schema konsequent zu verweigern und ganz auf diese Felder zu konzentrieren , stieß auch in Deutschland auf bemerkenswert viel Sympathie , was zeigte , dass es offenbar an Bürgerrechts - und Informationspolitik interessierte Stimmberechtigte gibt , für welche die Grünen , die FDP und die Linkspartei aufgrund einer oder mehrerer Positionen dieser Parteien nicht wählbar sind .
Politik durch Aufmerksamkeit
Das früher häufig vorgebrachte Argument , eine Stimme für die Piratenpartei sei eine " verschenkte Stimme " , weil sie nicht über die Fünf - Prozent - Hürde komme , scheint in Zeiten einer relativ geringen Unterscheidbarkeit der etablierten Parteien zunehmend gegenüber dem Bewusstsein in den Hintergrund zu treten , dass auch Stimmenzuwächse ohne politische Mehrheiten Themen erst in die Medien und über diese in die anderen Parteien hinein tragen .
Als Beispiel dafür wird immer wieder die Umweltpolitik genannt , die diesen Weg in den 1980er Jahren ging .
In den Mainstreammedien wurde über die Piratenpartei bereits vor der Europawahl erstmals breitflächiger berichtet , wenn sie auch ( was viele ebenfalls als Parallele zu den Grünen sahen ) , häufig als Skurrilität dargestellt wurde .
Allerdings erhöht auch diese Form von Aufmerksamkeit die Bekanntheit der Partei und ihrer Anliegen , wobei der Weg für den " Gaga - Verein " in den Bundestag trotzdem etwas schwieriger sein dürfte als der für die ebenfalls mit ausgiebig Bild - Berichterstattung gesegnete " Lady Gaga " an die Spitze der Musikcharts .
Anders als bei der Europawahl müssen für die Bundestagswahl in fast jedem Bundesland zweitausend Unterschriften vorgelegt werden , welche die Partei im Rahmen der rechtlichen Möglichkeiten auch online sammelt .
In Bayern , Baden - Württemberg , Nordrhein - Westfalen , Hamburg und Schleswig - Holstein gibt es dafür theoretisch sogar schon einen kleinen Puffer - jedoch werden erfahrungsgemäß etwa 10 Prozent der Unterschriften aufgrund von Minderjährigkeit der Unterzeichnenden oder aus anderen Gründen nicht akzeptiert , weshalb man hofft , dass auch in diesen Bundesländern noch Unterschriften dazukommen .
Den Brandenburger Piraten fehlen dagegen noch drei Viertel der notwendigen Unterstützersignaturen , für deren Sammlung bis zum 23 .
Juli Zeit bleibt .
In einigen Bundesländern entstehen gerade erst die für eine Wahlteilnahme notwendigen Strukturen : Gestern gründete sich in Rostock unter Federführung von Jan Klemkow ein Landesverband Mecklenburg - Vorpommern .
Am Mittwoch wird voraussichtlich ein Saarländischer Landesverband ins Leben gerufen , am Freitag ein Bremer , und am Samstag wollen Piratenpartei - Mitglieder in Halle einen Landesverband Sachsen - Anhalt aus der Taufe heben .
Auch in Thüringen steckt man gerade in entsprechenden Vorbereitungen .
Ditfurth - Fischer - Zeitfenster
Zustrom erhält die Piratenpartei derzeit nicht nur von bisherigen Nichtwählern , sondern auch aus der SPD .
Nachdem deren " Antragskommission " auf dem Sonderparteitag vom 14 .
Juni einen Initiativantrag der Parteibasis zur Ablehnung des " Zugangserschwerungsgesetzes " mit der Begründung für erledigt erklärte , eine Diskussion über das Thema Zensur sei " medial unerwünscht " , antwortete der Chaos Computer Club kurz danach auf eine Einladung der SPD mit exakt der gleichen Floskel .
Als auch ein unmittelbar vor der Abstimmung versendeter offener Brief von Bundestagskandidaten und eine Ankündigung des Online - Beirats , seine Arbeit einzustellen , weil sich die SPD " für die digitale Generation unwählbar " mache , keine Wirkung zeigte , kam es zu öffentlich zelebrierten Austritten aus der " Verräterpartei " mit anschließendem Eintritt bei den Piraten .
Die von Florian Bischof angeführte Piratenpartei Berlin traf sich für eine Demonstration gegen den Aufbau der neuen Zensurinfrastruktur gleich vor dem Willy - Brandt - Haus in der Wilhelmstraße - der SPD - Parteizentrale .
" Wir geben " , so der Berliner Spitzenkandidat der Piratenpartei vorab , " jedem enttäuschten SPD - Mitglied [...] die Chance , ein neues politisches Zuhause zu finden [ und ] tauschen SPD - Parteibücher gegen Mitgliedsausweise der Piratenpartei um . [...]
Für die , die länger keinen Blick mehr hinein geworfen haben , verteilen wir auch wieder Grundgesetze . "
Ein eher zweischneidiges
Schwert ist allerdings der ehemalige SPD - " Internetpolitiker " Jörg Tauss , der sich für die Piraten im Guten wie im Schlechten zu einer Art Gabriele Pauli entwickeln könnte .
An der Piratenbasis war man durchaus geteilter Meinung , ob Tauss aufgenommen werden sollte .
Zwar hätte die Piratenpartei dann schon in dieser Legislaturperiode einen Abgeordneten im Bundestag - inwieweit ihr das aber tatsächlich Vorteile bringen oder nur Eitelkeiten befriedigen würde , ist fraglich .
Tauss dürfte nämlich , auch wenn er vor Gericht freigesprochen wird , der Ruf der Pädophilie anhaften , der potentielle Wähler , Mitglieder und Medien abschreckt .
Zudem wird von einigen Piraten befürchtet , dass sich durch eine Massenaufnahme " ortsvereinsgestählter " SPD - Mitglieder , die ihre eigene politische Kultur mitbringen und Ämter durch " Totschwätzen " an sich reißen , das Ditfurth - Fischer - Zeitfenster erheblich verkürzen könnte , das von der Neugründung einer Partei bis zur weitgehenden Ununterscheidbarkeit ihrer Positionen von denen etablierter politischer Gruppierungen reicht .
( Peter Mühlbauer )
by ·
I found an article the other day that mentioned a bunch of plants that repel mosquitos .
I thought it would be good to share with the Natural Health Ezine readers …
So for me , I am looking forward to creating a garden specifically built around keeping mosquitos away !
I hate them – do n’t you ?
Time will tell how effective these natural repellants are , but I think it is worth a shot …
According to the article …
“ Planting a mix of these plants around your home and patio can create mosquito free zones for outdoor entertaining and other activities . ”
Citronella grass
Marigolds
Catnip
“ studies have found that catnip oil is more than 10 times better at repelling mosquitoes than DEET ! ”
A few other herbs that repel mosquitos
Rosemary
Basil
Lavender
Lemon Balm
Lemongrass
These plants also scare away mosquitos …
Cedar
Sagebrush
Bee balm / bergamot
Onion
Garlic
Tansy
Peppermint
Horsemint
Eucalyptus
Comments
* Dollar assets are safe , Geithner assures China
* Recession losing force ; U.S. , China must alter growth tack
* Backs strong dollar , calls for more flexible yuan
* China says cooperation can boost global confidence
( Adds Chinese Vice - Premier Wang ’s comments )
By Glenn Somerville
BEIJING , June 1 ( Reuters ) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner on Monday reassured the Chinese government that its huge holdings of dollar assets are safe and reaffirmed his faith in a strong U.S. currency .
A major goal of Geithner ’s maiden visit to China as Treasury chief is to allay concerns that Washington ’s bulging budget deficit and ultra-loose monetary policy will fan inflation , undermining both the dollar and U.S. bonds .
China is the biggest foreign owner of U.S. Treasury bonds .
U.S. data shows that it held $ 768 billion in Treasuries as of March , but some analysts believe China ’s total U.S. dollar - denominated investments could be twice as high .
“ Chinese assets are very safe , ” Geithner said in response to a question after a speech at Peking University , where he studied Chinese as a student in the 1980s .
His answer drew loud laughter from his student audience , reflecting scepticism in China about the wisdom of a developing country accumulating a vast stockpile of foreign reserves instead of spending the money to raise living standards at home .
But later in the day , Chinese Vice Premier Wang Qishan said it was important for the two nations to show the world they are working together through their joint economic dialogue .
“ We must through our dialogue send a clear signal that China and the U.S. are engaged in practical cooperation to address the crisis , ” Wang told Geithner , according to the Chinese Foreign Ministry ’s website ( www.mfa.gov.cn).
“ This is important for boosting confidence and encouraging global financial stability and economic revival , ” said Wang .
In his speech , Geithner renewed pledges that the Obama administration would cut its huge fiscal deficits and promised “ very disciplined ” future spending , possibly including reintroduction of pay - as - you - go budget rules instead of nonstop borrowing .
“ We have the deepest and most liquid markets for risk - free assets in the world .
We ’re committed to bring our fiscal deficits down over time to a sustainable level .
“ We believe in a strong dollar ... and we ’re going to make sure that we repair and reform the financial system so that we sustain confidence , ” he said .
Geithner also offered strong backing for a bigger Chinese role in international policymaking .
“ China is already too important to the global economy not to have a full seat at the international table , ” he said .
ECONOMY LOOKING UP
Geithner , who is due to meet President Hu Jintao and Premier Wen Jiabao during two days of talks , described the recession as still “ powerful and dangerous ” in much of the world .
Recent signs of improvement were not enough to change an International Monetary Fund prediction that world output would shrink this year for the first time in 60 years .
And credit was likely to be tight for some time , Geithner said .
But he added : “ The global recession seems to be losing force . ”
Moreover , the U.S. financial system was healing and it now seemed assured that the world would avoid financial collapse and deflation .
But Geithner said there could be no return to business as usual either for the United States or China : both must change their growth strategies as U.S. consumers pay down debt after years of living beyond their means .
For China , which he said was in “ an enviably strong position ” , that meant reducing its dependence on exports .
“ Purchases of U.S. consumers cannot be as dominant a driver of growth as they have been in the past , ” he said .
“ In China ... growth that is sustainable will require a very substantial shift from external to domestic demand . ”
To that end , Geithner said a more flexible exchange - rate regime for the yuan , which would almost certainly see the value of the Chinese currency rise against the dollar , was particularly important because it would spur more Chinese demand .
A stronger yuan would make imports cheaper for China and Chinese exports more costly for foreign buyers .
CHINA ROLE
Geithner offered U.S. backing for a higher - profile role for China in running global institutions including the IMF -- a controversial proposition since it raises the sensitive issue of reducing Europe ’s voting share in the global lender .
“ The United States will fully support having China play a role in the principal cooperative arrangements that help shape the international system , a role that is commensurate with China ’s importance in the global economy , ” he said .
In words clearly intended to soothe Chinese concerns that its vibrant export economy might be targeted by U.S. lawmakers who are feeling pressure from soaring American joblessness , Geithner said the Obama administration would resist any such moves .
“ As we go through the severe stresses of this crisis , we must not turn our backs on open trade and investment , ” he said .
“ In return , we expect increased opportunities to export to and invest in the Chinese economy . ”
Geithner said he was hopeful that General Motors Corp and Chrysler would be able to stand on their own feet once they emerge from bankruptcy .
GM will file for bankruptcy on Monday , U.S. officials said , forcing the 100 - year - old automaker once seen as a symbol of American economic might into a new and uncertain era of government ownership .
“ We want a quick , clean exit as soon as conditions permit , ” Geithner said .
“ We ’re very optimistic these firms will emerge ( from restructuring ) without further government assistance . ”
( Reporting by Glenn Somerville ; Editing by Alan Wheatley / Toby Chopra )
Are Negotiations Over The Co - Op Compromise Falling Apart ?
It 's obviously a big deal that Sen.
Chuck Schumer is suggesting that Democrats may need to move forward without significant Republican support if the GOP can't come to some sort of accommodation with the public plan .
But I think people are focusing too much on Schumer 's comments on the public plan and not enough on the insight he 's offering into the negotiations happening on the Finance Committee .
Schumer said Finance Republicans had rejected several proposals designed to beef up the suggested nonprofit insurance co-ops .
These included setting up a national structure for the co-ops , $ 10 billion in government seed money , power to negotiate payment rates to medical providers nationwide and creation of a presidentially appointed board of directors .
This is what we call a " clarifying moment . "
One of the arguments against the public plan is that it's the thin edge of single - payer wedge .
Many liberals , in fact , hope that it will prove exactly that .
But " level - playing field plans " -- public plans with no extra subsidies or legislative advantages -- take care of those objections .
But that concession from the liberals has n't been greeted as significant by those across the aisle .
When I spoke to Sen. Kent Conrad about his co-op plan proposal , I asked him why he considered it a concession for his Republican colleagues .
His answer was hesitant .
" Ah , you know , you 'd have to ask them , " he replied .
" It would just be my surmise on why some of them do n't like it .
They really do n't want a competitive model , at least some of them . "
That appears to be what Schumer is finding .
Republicans , he suggests , are standing lockstep even against efforts to create a private co-op system that could offer an alternative to for - profit insurance .
Their concern with the co-op plan is not that the government would be taking over the health - care system .
It 's that the current insurance providers would face unexpectedly aggressive competition in the marketplace .
Which raises an interesting , and potentially clarifying , question : Are Republicans in this to preserve the healthy functioning of a competitive private market or preserve the profits of the currently dominant insurance companies ?
Photo credit : Harry Hamburg -- Associated Press Photo .
In accordance with ACLU Policy 519 , this report summarizes the civil liberties and civil rights record of Judge Sonia Sotomayor , who was nominated by President Obama on May 26 , 2009 , to replace Justice David Souter as an Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court .
But u sayed if i was good i cood have a potato chip
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Journalist Roxana Saberi talks to Newsnight 's Jeremy Paxman about her imprisonment in Iran earlier this year , and her views about the protests in Iran over the disputed elections .
One year ago , some Popular Mechanics editors set out with the broad goal of building the most ridiculously extravagant PC mod they could .
This is what they came up with .
Advertisement
PopMech 's quad - core beast is loaded with just the kind of pricey hardware you 'd expect from such a flamboyant mod — 4 GB of Kingston HyperX DDR3 RAM , a GeForce GTX 280 graphics card , two 300GB , 10,000 RPM VelociRaptor HDDs , and an Antex kilowatt power supply — all centered around an 3.0 - GHz Intel Core 2 Quad processor .
It 's the case , though , that 's the star of the show .
The main structure of the desk is made up of two massive panels of acrylic , bolted to a custom - built aluminum frame .
A glycol liquid cooling system snakes through the whole of the machine , stopping off to suck heat away from both the main processor and the graphics card .
Built into the top is a custom - built Synaptics touchpad — a mostly useless but nonetheless cool design flourish .
Advertisement
PopMech has included a short how - to with their story , but it 's less of an instructional guide than a point - by - point summary of why you can't build one of these yourself .
[ PopMech ]
Allegations that the Obama administration behaved thuggishly in putting together its Chrysler rescue package are n't going away .
Right now we 're at a kind of impasse , with conflicting accounts that need to be resolved before we will know exactly what happened .
White & Case partner fingers Rattner .
Tom Lauria , the head of White & Case 's bankruptcy practice , says that Obama 's Car Czar Steve Rattner threatened to turn the White House press corps loose against Perella Weinberg if the firm continued to oppose the administration 's plan .
White & Case represented PW until the firm caved to White House demands .
Now he continues to represent the remaining hold - out firms .
Tom Lauria , the head of White & Case 's bankruptcy practice , says that Obama 's Car Czar Steve Rattner threatened to turn the White House press corps loose against Perella Weinberg if the firm continued to oppose the administration 's plan .
White & Case represented PW until the firm caved to White House demands .
Now he continues to represent the remaining hold - out firms .
Perella Weinberg does n't deny the threats .
The firm at the center of this controversy switched from opposing the administration 's plans to supporting them .
It has n't said it was n't threatened by Rattner .
Instead , it says that some kind of new appreciation of the economics of the deal are what made it change its position .
It 's remained silent about the alleged threats , which may be a way of signalling that the threats really were made .
The firm at the center of this controversy switched from opposing the administration 's plans to supporting them .
It has n't said it was n't threatened by Rattner .
Instead , it says that some kind of new appreciation of the economics of the deal are what made it change its position .
It 's remained silent about the alleged threats , which may be a way of signalling that the threats really were made .
The White House has issued a blanket denial .
The stakes got far higher yesterday when the spokesman for the White House issued a complete denial , calling Lauria 's story " completely untrue . "
This puts the credibility of the president on the line in a dramatic way .
If any part of Lauria 's story holds up , Obama 's reputation for honesty will be tarnished .
We would n't be surprised if intense pressure is now being brought to bear on Lauria to recant his original story .
If anything , it 's surprising that Lauria has gone this far .
For now , the Obama administration stands accused by a prominent lawyer of behaving thuggishly and lying about it .
Perella Weinberg 's silence on the threats seems to support this accusation .
The ball is now in Obama 's court .
Lately a lot of rumors have been surfacing on the Internet about a new HD device named as Zune HD and one of our writers even managed to make a detailed report on it .
However , after today no longer do we need to take it as a rumor anymore as Microsoft has officially announced the new Zune HD portable media player in a press -release .
The new Zune HD becomes the first ever Zune to feature a metallic surface and a touchscreen .
Below is a detailed list of all the features and specifications for the new Zune HD .
3.3 inch Capacitive Touchscreen
Metallic body in black and bronze
A resolution of 480x272
Multitouch input
HD radio and video
Full - screen Internet browser
WiFi and accelerometer
Looking at the features one can definitely believe it to be hell of a device , and also the first ever portable media player to include HD radio which streams songs at a much better quality than traditional radio .
Although a head to head comparison with the iPod Touch tells us that Microsoft might not trying to be too innovative with the Zune HD .
Also the device is supported to sync and work with only Windows PCs which is ironic in the sense that Mac users would n't really consider buying a Zune .
The Zune HD will only be available in the US , unlike most other portable media players which are available worldwide .
More details on the hardware , availability and price will be released by Microsoft soon .
I had a few miscellaneous notes on Google I/ O that I wanted to share , including a few anthropological observations best made with pictures .
I thought it was really interesting that there were more registration lines for Academia than there were for general admission .
Google knows the same truth as Apple , that students are the future .
They are making it really easy for students to get on board with their developer platforms .
( I believe that there was a much lower student rate for Google I /O admission . )
Good on them .
( Note to self : we need a really good student rate for O’Reilly conferences too . )
Google was having a bit of fun with their Streetview technology , with a bike riding around the conference creating a Streetview style experience of the event .
Do n’t know if the view is up yet .
If so , someone please post a link !
I loved seeing the bike parking area , manned by a volunteer from the San Francisco Bicycle Coalition , who said that they were glad of the chance that Google was giving them to get additional visibility .
( Again , note to self : we need to work with sfbike.org to do this for the Web 2.0 Expo , or just handle the bike parking ourselves .
It would be great to do the same for Expo NY . )
Taken together , these images show a company whose unique culture shows through in small ways .
This is n’t marketing that you can fake ; these small touches are a reflection of who Google is as a company .
As John Cowper Powys said , in one of my favorite books , The Meaning of Culture ( 1929 ) :
Culture is what is left over after you have forgotten all you have definitely set out to learn …
One always feels that a merely educated man holds his philosophical views as if they were so many pennies in his pocket .
They are separate from his life .
Whereas with a cultured man there is no gap or lacuna between his opinions and his life .
Both are dominated by the same organic , inevitable fatality .
They are what he is .
Great companies always have this sense of authenticity , while “ me too ” companies have a culture made up of the latest management fashions .
I like to think that O’Reilly has an authentic culture .
Our idiosyncracies are our strength , leading us in unexpected directions that is somehow true to something we might not recognize if we were following a map laid down by someone else .
ASIAN CONTEMPORARY ART WEEK 2009
Leeza Ahmady talks to Art Radar about her involvement in the Asian Contemporary Art Week ( ACAW ) in New York .
She discusses her two missions : first to broaden the definition of Asian art – yes , she tells us , the Middle East is part of the Asian continent – and second , to connect Asians with one another .
This is the first part of a 3 part interview .
AR : You have an interesting story tell us about how you got involved with the Asian Contemporary Art Week .
What happened ?
LA : Some time ago I was studying arts and cultural management at Pratt Institute in New York and writing my thesis on Central Asia .
One of my classes was about leadership and we were given the assignment to choose a leader in the arts field and have a daring interview with them .
Well I really took that on .
Who do I want to do this with , I asked myself .
I remember choosing Vishakha Desai who is now the president of the Asia Society but at the time was the Museum Director .
I hounded her assistants and emailed them until I got an interview .
And we had a wonderful very pleasant interview .
I asked her standard questions about how she started and what she envisioned for her role .
I asked her how much of that she had managed to accomplish and questioned her about her leadership style .
Then I took a deep breath and I dared to ask the real question I wanted to ask .
How did the Asia Society justify calling itself the Asia Society when half of the Asian continent is missing from its programming .
She was amazing and answered me carefully and diplomatically .
AR : It is a provocative question !
What did she say ?
LA : Very matter - of - factly she explained to me that everyone has to narrow their mission and the Asia Society was supported by the Rockefellers in the early days and their original mission focused on East Asia .
She explained that of course other regions are now being integrated .
Then she looked at me and said 10 years ago when I came on the scene , there was no such thing as India particularly from a contemporary art perspective .
Then it was only about antiquities so what I had to do was make it my mission to change that and I did that .
She did n’t say it in so many words but I got this really wonderful answer which was if you want to make something happen do n’t complain about it .
You have to take it on and make it happen yourself .
It was as provocative as my question to her .
AR : And then ?
LA : Well we kept in touch and I kept her up - to - date about my research in Central Asia .
A few months later she wrote to me : “ Leeza I have a wonderful project for you .
Talk with Melissa Chiu and get involved in the Asian Contemporary Art Week ” and that was 4 years ago – the end of 2004 .
AR : So can you tell us more about the ACAW ?
What is it ?
LA : The Asia Contemporary Art Week is an initiative started by a group of independent curators , museum directors , collectors and seminal people interested in creating awareness about Asian art primarily in New York , but also elsewhere .
They formed a consortium , the Asian Contemporary Art Consortium , in 2001 to create public educational programs .
Rather than doing things in isolation , they felt it would be more effective to join forces once a year or so and make this one big loud noise together .
When I came in it was small and limited to galleries and museums already focused on Asian art .
But I was interested in encouraging others to jump on the wagon .
I wanted to motivate those who were thinking of showing a couple of Asian artists but who were , perhaps , a little reluctant because they did not have the backing or voice .
AR : Vishakha Desai helped to raise the profile of India in the Asia Society .
What has been your mission and your contribution to Asian Contemporary Art Week ?
LA : My contribution has been based on my strong desire to expand participation not just by the galleries and museums but also by the artists .
We now have featured artists from all over Asia , not only from the traditional participants of China , Japan , Korea and Taiwan .
We have gradually moved West and we now include more artists from , amongst others , Vietnam Thailand Pakistan Indonesia Iran Uzbekistan and Kazakhstan .
Now over the last 2 years I have been trying to really broaden the notion of what constitutes Asia by bringing in the Middle East .
Lebanese , Turkish , Palestinian and Israeli artists have been represented in 2008 and 2009 .
AR : That sounds like an enormous undertaking .
Asia is a huge continent .
LA : My specialty is Central Asia so of course I have had to learn a lot .
If you want to be involved in something I believe that you really need to know the players and what is going on with everyone .
And by being involved in Asia Contemporary Art Week I am lucky enough to be at the centre of a lot of networks .
AR : What has been the response ?
LA : I have spent a lot of time figuring who would be interested in opening their doors to help broaden frontiers .
Fortunately people have been very open because of the success of artists in the international arena from Central Asia .
And people are curious , they do want to know what else is out there .
AR : How much do people know about the Asian continent in New York ?
LA : Well there is a lot of confusion .
For example take the Middle East .
Iran is somehow there and not there at the same time .
Afghanistan ?
There is also a lot of confusion about where it is and whether it is in the Middle East , Central Asia or South Asia .
AR : In the past you have talked passionately about opening up Asia to the Asians .
We often hear people talk about connecting East and West but why do you feel there is a need for connection within Asia ?
LA : Well the fact that the Middle East is a vast territory within Asia surprises people .
In the US , Asia represents China Korea and Japan and only very recently has it been expanded to include India and Pakistan .
There is tremendous ignorance about Central Asia and when I tell someone from Korea or Japan that I too am from Asia , they look perplexed and ask well where are you from ?
When I say , “ I am from Afghanistan ” they look confused .
Afghanistan shares a 76 kilometer border with China .
To me it is simply incredible that in such an interconnected world , people on the same continent can still be so disconnected from eachother .
There were years of Soviet rule which kept Central Asia out of reach but at the same time it is now 20 years since the Soviet rule ended .
AR : Why do you feel promoting connections within Asia is so important ?
LA : I remember learning so much about all the countries around the world when I was at school in Kabul in Afghanistan .
Why do I feel its important ?
There is something wise about knowing yourself well .
Asians share so may linguistic , spiritual and cultural ties which have broken down as a result of politics .
Historically Iran and Afghanistan were regarded as part of Central Asia .
This changed for Iran after the Shah was deposed in 1979 .
With the dissolution of Soviet rule , 5 states from the USSR became independent including Uzbekistan and Turkmenistan .
These 5 states are now more commonly referred to as Central Asia .
Meanwhile Afghanistan was left hanging in limbo until the events of September 11 shot it directly back into the Middle East .
Recently Afghanistan has been referred to as part of South Asia .
AR : Why have these connections within Asia broken down ?
Economic and political policies create disconnections and I feel the best way to make things whole is through art .
At least that is what artists do .
They try to break things down and put them back together .
The idea of deconstructing and constructing , I see art as something beyond aesthetics and intellectual mumbo jumbo .
I see it as a tool for people to become more aware , spiritual and connected to themselves and others .
Leeza Ahmady was born in Afghanistan and lives in New York .
Her specialist area is Central Asia .
This is the first part of a 3 part interview :
Related links : Asian Contemporary Art Week website
Related posts :
Subscribe to Art Radar Asia for news about Asian art events
If you want to check out the possibility of taking screenwriting courses online , UCLA Extension ’s Writers ’ Program is hosting their annual Cyberhouse event beginning Monday , June 1 through Wednesday , June3 .
You can go here to register .
By the way , it ’s free .
I ’ve taught online courses through the Writers ’ Program since 2002 ( at last count , 25 courses in all ) .
There are about 210 online writing classes offered .
And I can vouch for the screenwriting instructors , almost all of whom are WGA members and professional writers .
Any of you who have taken courses through the Writers ’ Program , how about offering an opinion on your experience .
UPDATE : Per Judy in comments , when you register , you need to do this :
There ’s a prompt asking you to select a “ credit ” option .
You must give it a pop , then select “ dp not record ” — which is the only option there .
Thanks , Judy !
Comment Archive
It started as a bit of Friday fun and ended a week later with 15 pages of entries and a dash to a nearby university to drop off a crate of ale .
Judging can be thirsty work .
The week before last , Peter Higgs celebrated his 80th birthday and to mark the event , we thought we'd try to oust the media 's nickname for his most famous contribution to physics .
Officially , it is known as the Higgs boson , but to journalists and headline writers it is the God particle .
I wrote briefly about the history of the discovery and its implications for the nature of mass when I announced the competition on 29 May .
But back to that name .
Physicists hate it when people call the Higgs boson the God particle .
Even though the nickname was dreamed up by a Nobel prizewinning physicist with a tremendous track record in the field , Leon Lederman , I can't think of anything that galvanises physicists so completely .
We had stacks of entries .
I like to think that 's because we tapped into the pent - up fury of legions who were equally despairing of the nickname .
People who wanted to see such nonsense banished from the journalists ' lexicon but just had n't been given the proper outlet .
People who would fight to replace it with a name that is worthy and just .
I 'm sure that 's what happened .
What else could it be ?
After the entries had been dispatched for judging , I leafed through the list to pick out my own favourites .
It dawned on me that the judging job was worth far more than one crate of beer .
Lots of you followed a long tradition in physics and made sure the particle 's new nickname ended with " on " .
It would be in good company , with the electron , proton , neutron , photon and gluon .
Nattydread69 suggested the " Non-Existon " , which might turn out to be prescient .
Emptyjames wanted to call it " The Mysteron " , and I can see why : even if the Higgs is found , physicists still need to work out why it couples more strongly to some particles than others .
Tbombadil liked " Mastodon " .
Doogsby rustled up the " The Lardon " .
Any one of these would have made undergraduate physics lectures easier to show up at .
Lalulilo said the new name should have an international flavour , and suggested " Esperon " , meaning " hope " in Esperanto .
Platonik gets a spot in my personal top five with " Rockon " .
It 's a shame that Rockon raises a few unpleasant childhood memories , though .
Arimbaud nodded to Chris Morris 's Brasseye with " Shatner 's Bosoon " , while Endnote did n't worry about wordplay and stuck with the original " Shatner 's Bassoon " .
Some of you clearly wanted a more approachable name and offered up Steven , Colin , Dave , Pete , Nigel , Boz and Bosie .
One poster suggested " Mr Bum Bum " as a suitable name for our theoretical subatomic particle .
You know who you are .
Slobloch liked " Lardycake " .
MERidley , " The God Killer " .
ArmitageS opted for " The Pavarotti Particle " and Jennyanydots went all Prince on us with " The particle formerly known as the God particle " .
I liked Yrddraiggoch 's ( The Welsh Dragon's ) " The Bajingo " , but only because the entry was justified on the grounds of being " a very awesomely silly word . "
Ditto Trhenc 's " H3 - Bengka Boson " was sold as being " techno - fabulous with a hint of the exotic " .
DNAtheist got another place in my personal top five with the " Disconcertingly Unfalsifiable Hyperbeing Particle " , or " Duh Particle " .
It 's close to genius in my view .
Pastalin hit on something by suggesting " Your Mother " .
TigerRepellingRock demonstrated how it might work in casual conversation : " Your Mother is so fat , she has a mass greater than 114.4GeV at 95 % confidence level . "
If you want to know what that was all about , John Conway explains it well on the Cosmic Variance blog .
Incidentally , if you 're a fan of The Simpson 's , you 'll be aware of the tiger repelling rock .
But in the end there could only be one winner .
Having sifted through the whole lot , the one that stood out for our physicist judges came from the very same TigerRepellingRock , who suggested " The Champagne bottle boson " .
So why did it win ?
" The bottom of a champagne bottle is in the shape of the Higgs potential , and is often used as an illustration in physics lectures .
So it 's not an embarrassingly grandiose name , it is memorable , and has some physics connection too , " the judges ' spokesman said .
The so - called " wine bottle potential " is also called the " Mexican hat potential " and is a critical aspect of the Higgs mechanism .
So congratulations to TigerRepellingRock and thanks to all of you who took the time to enter .
The revolution is afoot .
Brazilian cyberactivists are again taking action against online surveillance in defence of the netcitizen rights .
The Mega Não ! protest has been triggered by the controversial digital crimes bill which aims to control cybercrime , raising serious issues on digital rights management and the free use of digital devices .
There will be another demonstration tomorrow , 25th of May , this time in Rio Grande do Sul State .
Check their twitter coverage out .
Remember your first time ?
For those of you living in Japan , we 've all had it happen .
Normally you would n't go near it , but it's an emergency and you can't find a ' real ' toilet anywhere , so you give in and try to use the Japanese style ' hole in the ground ' version , and most likely botched things up .
Would n't it have been nice if there had been picture instructions to help you along ?
Maybe then you would n't have pissed on your shoes or flushed your pants down the toilet .
This one of a kind poster was found in a government office building , so it would seem that the creators were at least half serious .
So how do you start ?
Well first make sure you 're facing the right way with the TOTO brand name being in front of you .
So far so good !
Next , stand over the bowl like so , then drop your pants to your ankles .
Next , assume the squat position .
For first timers , it might seem like you 're aiming right into your pants .
Guess what ?
You are aiming into your pants .
Lean back a little so you 're supporting your whole body weight with just your knees as in the picture .
If you can hold that position for more than 10 seconds you must have bionic implants in your legs .
Unless you 're a professional though , you might want to reach out and hold on to whatever pipes or walls are handy .
Ok so if you think you 're ready then ' do it '!
Glad to see they drew the guy actually dropping a log , I do n't know if I would have understood if they had n't .
Still holding the position with your shins of steel , wipe your butt .
If you stand up anytime during your performance , you lose 10 points automatically .
Finished yet ?
Wait !
Your knees are going to be hurting a bit from the workout you 've just given them so stand up slowly or as they politely inform you , ' you 're gonna fall down on shit ! '
Has n't happened to me yet , but I guess there 's a precedent .
Happy squatting ! |
24/7 Support
Our goal is to provide an outstanding Level of service so that if you experience any issues with your hosting , you have the peace of mind to know that we 're on top of the problem .
And we want to make sure that 's the case at any time of the day or night .
There was an email hoax going around regarding President Obama , HR 1388 and Hamas refugees in the US .
This hoax was posted in its entirety , without disclaimer , or evidence to the contrary , on MyFoxOrlando.com .
The hoax was debunked on FactCheck.org and Snopes.com .
Whether you are an Obama fan , or not , EVERYONE IN THE U. S. needs to know ….
Something happened …
H.R. 1388 was passed yesterday , behind our backs .
You may want to read about it .
It was n’t mentioned on the news … just went by on the ticker tape at the bottom of the CNN screen .
Obama funds $ 20 M in tax payer dollars to immigrate Hamas Refugees to the USA .
This is the news that did n’t make the headlines …
There were several comments prior to some sensible people doing research and posting that it ’s not true .
Those people who believe everything they read from Fox News … wow … you ’re something special …
Update :
It was brought to my attention that this is a blog post by a community member and not a news article .
Either their blogs are n’t moderated , or they do n’t care that their members spread misinformation .
Share this article
Climate Change Could Drive Vast Human Migrations
Displacements Already Underway , Says Report
( Click on image to view larger size )
Nile delta , with sea level rises of 1 meter ( dark blue ) and 2 meters ( light blue ) , along with population density ( lighter to darker browns ) and urban areas ( hatching ) .
Of the 40.2 million people here in 2000 , 10.7 million would be inundated by a 2 - meter rise .
Inset shows distribution of farmlands .
Center for International Earth Science Information Network , Columbia University
By mid-century , people may be fleeing rising seas , droughts , floods and other effects of changing climate , in migrations that could vastly exceed the scope of anything before , says a major new report .
The document , authored by researchers at Columbia University ’s Center for International Earth Science Information Network ( CIESIN ) , the United Nations University and CARE International , was released today at a news conference in Bonn .
The researchers say that the effects of climate are hard to sort from connected factors including political and economic conflicts , extreme weather events , population growth , human destruction of ecosystems and overuse of farmland .
However , they say , climate change will eventually play a dominant role by exacerbating all of these problems , and is already having detectable effects .
While the report does not attempt to put numbers to those potentially uprooted , estimates from other reports it cites range from 25 million to 50 million by 2010 , to almost 700 million by 2050 .
“ Climate is the envelope in which all of us lead our daily lives .
This report sounds warning bells , ” said coauthor Alexander de Sherbinin , a geographer at CIESIN .
“ We usually categorize the poor as the ones who will suffer most — but richer societies will potentially lose as well . ”
The report , In Search of Shelter : Mapping the Effects of Climate Change on Human Migration and Displacement , is based on a first - time global survey of environmental change and migration .
It is illustrated with a series of detailed maps , generated by CIESIN , that show how and where significant displacements may occur .
Among its findings :
Breakdown of ecosystem - based economies including subsistence herding , farming and fishing will be the dominant driver of forced migration .
Climate change will increase the frequency and intensity of natural hazards such as cyclones , floods and droughts .
Rains in parts of Mexico and central America , for instance , are projected to drop as much as 50 % by 2080 .
Farmers in parts of Mexico and north Africa ’s Sahel region may already be moving in part due to changing rains .
Sea level rise directly threatens the existence of some 40 countries .
Saltwater intrusion , flooding and erosion could destroy agriculture in the densely populated Mekong , Nile and Ganges deltas .
A rise of two meters , or six feet -- well within some projections for this century -- would inundate nearly half the Mekong ’s 3 million hectares ( 7.5 million acres ) of farmland .
Some Pacific island nations including the Maldives ( pop. 300,000 ) are already considering prospects for total relocation .
Ongoing melting of alpine glaciers in the Himalayas will devastate the heavily irrigated farmlands of Asia by increasing floods and decreasing long - term water supplies .
The glacier - fed basins of the Ganges , Brahmaputra , Irawaddy , Salween , Mekong , Yangtze and Yellow rivers now support over 1.4 billion people .
Most migrants will probably move within their own countries , or to countries next door .
Many will be poor , and many will be unable to move far enough to improve their lots .
Ripples from resulting conflicts and collapses will hit richer countries .
Coauthor Charles Ehrhart , CARE ’s climate - change coordinator , called the potential impacts “ startling . ”
“ Societies affected by climate change may find themselves locked into a downward spiral of ecological degradation , towards the bottom of which social safety nets collapse , while tensions and violence rise , ” said a statement from CARE .
“ In this all - too plausible scenario , large populations would be forced to migrate as a matter of immediate survival . ”
De Sherbinin pointed out that human population is projected to grow from 6.8 billion today , to 9 billion by 2050 .
“ Countries are running out of places to put people productively , ” he said .
“ You ca n’t just stockpile people . ”
The report says it is vital that countries reach an agreement to stem greenhouse gases during this December ’s United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change .
But even if this deadline is met , most scientists say some amount of climate change is now inevitable .
To mitigate resulting migrations , the report recommends that nations prioritize the most vulnerable populations and invest there in defensive measures , including irrigation technology that uses less water ; low - till agriculture ; economic diversification ; and official systems to manage natural disasters .
It says nations must agree on how to resettle populations of low - lying areas , and strengthen the ability of emigrants to send remittances to those left in affected regions .
“ New thinking and practical approaches are needed to address the threats that climate - related migration poses to human security and well - being , ” said coauthor Koko Warner , head of the UN University ’s Institute for Environment and Human Security .
This year , the major contenders for the overall win at the Giro d'Italia , the elite stage race that began Saturday , are Italy 's Ivan Basso , Levi Leipheimer of the U.S. and Italy 's Damiano Cunego .
All three are closely matched , setting the stage for one familiar difference maker in the Giro :
The descent .
Of all feats in sports , few are as harrowing as this : Carving down a mountain at 60 miles per hour in a pack of 15 - pound bicycles with tires as wide as a roll of Scotch tape , while wearing only a thin layer of lycra .
Hitting ...
Reductive Labs — makers of Puppet , an open source declarative language for configuring IT Systems — has announced that the company has secured $ 2 million in Series A funding from True Ventures .
And they ’re moving to Portland .
[ HTML3 ] Fresh off an appearance at Portland ’s Open Source Bridge configuration management panel , the folks at Reductive Labs — makers of Puppet , an open source declarative language for configuring IT Systems — have announced that the company has secured $ 2 million in Series A funding from True Ventures .
And while garnering funding is always good news , there ’s some even better news in my opinion : Reductive Labs is moving to Portland .
Reductive Labs works to help IT shops run better .
Giving them more predictable performance while lowering the cost of running their equipments .
And they do all of it through an open source framework called Puppet .
What exactly does Puppet do ?
To put it bluntly , it helps you scale .
To put it more eloquently , Dana Oshiro at ReadWriteWeb provides a great overview of Puppet and its potential :
Puppet is an open source framework best known for helping businesses scale with scripts rather than staff .
It ensures that multiple systems can automatically perform routine maintenance functions including adding users , installing packages and configuring servers .
Puppet allows system administrators to monitor multiple machines across multiple operating systems and ensure that the lifeblood of major companies continues to pump .
It is a declarative language that aids against preventable downtime , the need for redundant scripts and the cost of additional employees .
Essentially companies get to work on the product , rather than the network .
How did they garner $ 2 million in funding ?
VentureBeat has one theory :
Can we just say it ?
Puppet lets companies cut the sizes of their IT staffs .
In a shrinking economy , that ’s a hot ticket
Why relocate to Portland ?
Well , the founders are former Reed College classmates .
And the draw of our current tech and startup environment has a certain appeal , as Greg Huang at Xconomy reports when describing the Reductive Labs move to Portland :
Reductive Labs is in the process of relocating to Portland .
Its founders are currently spread out across the country — Shafer in Salt Lake City , chief executive Luke Kanies in Nashville , and Teyo Tyree in Portland by way of Nashville … .
[ HTML2 ]
The reason for the move goes back to 1994 , when Shafer and Kanies were roommates at Reed College in Portland .
“ We just love that city , ” Shafer says .
“ It has a burgeoning technical undercurrent , a strong open source community .
We feel we ’re well positioned to take advantage of the ecosystem . ”
And we — and by that I mean the royal “ we ” — are looking forward to having you here , Reductive .
[ UPDATE ]
For even more insight , I just noticed a great Q&A with Reductive Labs founder Luke Kaines from Matt Asay on the Open Road .
For more information on the funding , see the press release .
For more information on the company and its solutions , see Reductive Labs or Puppet .
Or — already true to Portland ’s startup tech scene — you can always follow Reductive Labs on Twitter .
[ HTML1 ]
Like this : Like Loading ...
Going to war brings with it the very real possibility of dying .
When my brother Robert left for Iraq in September 2006 , our family feared that his commitment might demand what is often called the highest price .
Before he left , I imagined what it might be like as the sister of a dead soldier to tell everyone that he had laid down his life in such a contentious struggle .
I pictured the flag - draped coffin , the article in our local newspaper , the murmuring friends and neighbors filing through to praise the dead hero .
Always a realist , I prepared myself for his death as the worst possible outcome .
I failed to conceive of any scenario that could rival the bitter finality of his dying .
I soon discovered that giving one ’s life can come in more than one form .
For my brother , his life as he knew it was taken on January 14 , 2007 , in Baghdad , when an EFP — an explosively formed projectile device — detonated outside his Army Humvee , sending a shock wave through his brain , severely injuring him without leaving a mark on his body .
Robert escaped death , but has paid a price almost as high .
Today , he is back from war , 25 years old , brain - injured , and disabled .
My brother accepted this risk when he signed his military contract in 2002 through the ROTC program at the University of Rhode Island .
Although my family did n’t sign an agreement or contract , we have discovered that we are as bound to his commitment as he is himself .
Before my brother ’s injury , the phrase traumatic brain injury , or TBI , meant very little to my family .
Now it defines our daily existence .
The ongoing process of rehabilitation since his injury has tenaciously enmeshed each one of us , altering our plans , our family structure and interactions , our ideas about life and sacrifice , and most resolutely our belief that if he would only make it back home , everything would be okay .
My brother ’s injury occurred in the early hours of the morning in Baghdad , as his platoon was finishing a 10 - hour shift of route clearing .
He was a mechanical engineer and a second lieutenant , in charge of 25 men .
Their assignment was to find and dismantle or detonate IEDs ( improvised explosive devices ) and other explosives that litter the roadways in Iraq .
His convoy was nearing an Iraqi checkpoint when his vehicle , the third in line , was targeted by an EFP .
The explosion catapulted the vehicle into the side of a building .
The force of it blew a hole in the side of the armored Humvee , sending a chunk of metal into the driver ’s head , killing him almost instantly .
My brother was in the passenger seat , and it was the force of the explosion rather than metal that penetrated his head .
After he was wounded , Robert ’s brain began to swell and the pressure inside his skull skyrocketed .
He was taken into surgery as quickly as possible , where a large part of the skull on the right side of his head was removed to allow his brain to expand unencumbered .
The pressure continued to rise , and a second surgery to remove even more of the skull was necessary before he left Iraq .
It was almost a week before he was stable enough to be moved to the Landstuhl Regional Medical Center in Germany .
During this time , my family did little besides sit together and pace around the house , waiting for the phone to ring with an update on his condition .
We did n’t fully grasp the severity of his injury .
We were n’t told at the time that he was awarded his Purple Heart in the middle of the night after he was wounded , because doctors feared he would n’t live until the next day .
Once Robert was in Germany , the Army flew my father out to be with him .
It was only then that we understood the gravity of the situation .
As his body began to awaken , my brother was kept in an induced coma , allowing his brain to rest .
When they finally tried to bring him out of it , he would not wake up .
I am one of five children spanning 14 years .
Robert , the eldest , and I were lumped together for much of our childhood , being the closest in age to each other .
Although he is 18 months older , I have always acted like the eldest .
My mother says he did n’t talk until I did .
I distinctly remember explaining to him how to pronounce “ Hallelujah . ”
Because we were homeschooled , much of our schoolwork was done together .
We did our English and history lessons as a pair , as well as all of our science projects — I dictated the steps of the scientific method while he scribbled ferociously into a notebook that would later prove indecipherable .
We did n’t stay particularly close .
He moved into his own sphere when he joined ROTC in college , while I studied philosophy and kept to myself .
I could tell he relished being in the traditionally masculine world of the military , where he could perform and deliver , unlike at our university , where he struggled to get through his required courses .
Occasionally , he would let me go out with him and his ROTC buddies .
I would sit back with my pint of beer and listen to their rapid banter , chuckling where I thought it was appropriate , as they fired movie quotes at each other .
I liked watching him laugh and gesticulate .
Like our father , Robert would laugh until his eyes watered — with an exuberance that seemed a long time coming after the hesitations of his childhood .
My parents have organized their lives around their children , creating a force field that continually draws us home even as we have grown up .
The night we learned of Robert ’s injury , the rest of us were at our house in Kingston , Rhode Island , where we had spent most of our lives .
We were sitting on the floor of the kitchen tie - dyeing T - shirts when the phone rang .
A crackly voice told us he had been in an explosion and was going into surgery for head trauma .
They would call again in two hours to let us know how it had gone .
We gathered in our living room , stunned and unsure of what to do with ourselves .
My father stood in the center of the room , slowly rocking back and forth on his feet .
When he moved , the imprint of his shoes was chiseled into the carpet as clearly as if he had been standing on clay .
He finally sat down , dragging an armchair tight into the circle of chairs and couches .
It was not a time for sitting on the other side of the room .
I knew my parents were praying , clinging to their lifelong faith , but I only waited for events to unfold and eventually sat at the kitchen table coloring fairies and dragons with my siblings to pass the hours .
Every instant seemed like it could be the magical moment — surely now he is gone , or now all is well .
The phrase head trauma meant very little to me that night .
I wondered to myself if my brother had perhaps lost an ear or an eye .
The possibility of cognitive changes never crossed my mind .
I was only vaguely aware of traumatic brain injury as the so - called “ signature ” wound of the Iraq war , something that is largely due to the increasing sophistication of the explosive devices used by the insurgency .
I learned later that the Defense and Veterans Brain Injury Center , which operates out of Walter Reed Army Medical Center , had treated 1,803 cases of TBI stemming from the Afghanistan and Iraq conflicts as of November 2008 , while cumulatively their sites had recorded 9,100 cases of this injury .
I was completely unaware of the large advocacy and support networks , such as the Wounded Warrior Project , that exist to rally for the treatment of severely injured service men and women , the influx of whom our government has proven sadly unequipped to handle .
I did n’t know that it is still an uphill battle for many families to receive the kind of care that this incredibly complex injury needs in order to maximize recovery .
This was the world we were about to enter that night , although we could n’t have been more ignorant of its existence .
As soon as my brother was moved to Bethesda Naval Hospital in Maryland , my parents began the arduous task of attending to him .
I never saw a hint of hesitation in them , even through the long months of care , as everything else in their lives took a distant second place .
They were unflinchingly proud of Robert , as they had been when he joined the Army , decided to volunteer for deployment , and ultimately left for Iraq .
My parents saw his wartime role in crisp black and white .
They were not angry , like I was .
Any political context for his actions and what had happened to him collapsed into the overarching fact that he is their son and was in need .
The day my mother prepared to leave for Bethesda , she told us she might stay the whole week .
She was sure we could mind each other ( two of my brothers were still being homeschooled ) , the house , and our grandmother for that amount of time .
It would be hardest on my nine - year - old brother , who had never been separated from both his parents at once .
But we were all eager to rally and pitch in , snapping into an automatic mode that propelled us through our daily routines .
My mother was gone for the better part of four months , my father for six months .
They would rotate , depending on my father ’s university work schedule , and were often not home for more than three days at a time .
But even when they were home , my parents were present in Rhode Island only in body .
Their minds and all their energies were concentrated on a single hospital bed hundreds of miles away .
I ’m not sure when I realized that the shock wave that penetrated my brother ’s brain continued across continents and seas , engulfing my parents , my siblings , and me .
Our lives were transformed rapidly , and it was months before I explicitly acknowledged the extent of the change .
I had graduated from college three weeks before my brother ’s injury and was working at a restaurant while I plotted my next move .
But without my parents at home , the bulk of the housework , cooking , homeschooling , and grandmother care fell on my shoulders , giving me the unusual opportunity at the age of 22 to experience the life of a middle - aged married woman with children .
My head became filled with grocery lists , grade school lessons , the appointment calendar , a barrage of daily details that had nothing to do with my own life plans or preparations .
I quit my job , and life narrowed to my siblings , my family ’s needs , and trying to keep everyone afloat .
On a rare night out with one of my friends , I explained that my siblings had asked me to be home by 10 .
I was n’t sure which was more bizarre — the fact that I had readily assented to this curfew or the fact that I thought it was a fair compromise for being “ allowed ” to go out .
Even as I told myself that I was on the moral high ground , resentment began to fester within me as the sacrifices , the hurt feelings , and the hardships began to pile up .
As my family ’s reality continued to revolve around my brother , I began to realize that every family member of someone with TBI becomes enslaved by the condition of their loved one .
But while the tedium of this sometimes threatened to overwhelm me with self - pity , the tautness of the real tragedy was continually re-framed and re-focused .
Despite all of the changes to my life , my attention went again and again to my brother , who languished at the upheaval ’s epicenter , suffering at a level that could not be compared to ours .
The first time I saw Robert , three weeks after his injury , he was still being kept in an induced coma .
I flew down to Washington , D.C. , with my sister Anna for the weekend .
We were giddy and giggly in a bleary haze of extreme nervousness .
When we asked what to expect , our father said that nothing could prepare us to see the devastation that was our brother .
Outside of his room in the intensive care unit , we donned yellow gowns , masks , and gloves .
We could see the end of his bed from the door .
His feet were clad in gray socks and listing outward in extreme lassitude .
We could already hear all the hospital noises , the beeps and whirs , the heavy whoosh of his ventilator .
I was n’t brave enough to walk right in and confront my brother , so I peeked around the corner with one eye .
Recoiling , I whispered to my sister that I was n’t sure if I could do this .
Robert was swollen and bloated ; his skin was puffy and enamel white .
He looked worse than dead and somehow a bit reptilian , more cadaver than creature .
The violent rise and fall of his chest with each pull of the ventilator looked painful , as if the machine were assaulting him .
His eyes were fluttering a bit .
When they were open , his pupils sometimes rolled around , not entirely in synch with one another .
The right side of his head where the skull had been removed had a cavernous dent , the skin sinking in because there was nothing to hold it up .
Mucus had built up around his nostrils , his lips looked extraordinarily thick , and his face was damp .
He looked strained , far from peace , and barely human .
Anna and I crept to each side of Robert ’s bed .
It took a tremendous effort to grasp his hand in mine , and even more to begin speaking .
As we each held one of his cold , bloated hands and began talking to him in shaky voices , I found it hard to regulate the volume of my speech ; it came out dreadfully squeaky .
“ It ’s us , ” we said over and over again .
It was worse than talking to a corpse .
I felt there was no way to reach him and that my words would only emphasize this chasm between where he was and where I was .
“ We never thought we would have a reason to come to Maryland , ” my sister whispered .
She seemed unsure of who to look at , me or our brother .
It was awkward , but as the wildness of the initial shock wore off , we gradually remembered some of the things we had decided to say on this first visit .
A nurse lowered the level of his sedation , hoping that he would become more aware of us , and we chattered about how much we had wanted to come .
Our sentences tumbled out rapidly , blurring together at their edges .
“ You did everything right , your men are safe , ” we said repeatedly , like a mantra .
“ We ’re so proud of you . ”
We told him to come home soon , because our other brother was already driving his car and had taken his leather jacket .
His eyes wandered .
In my distress , I wanted to lean down and shake him .
He hovered below the surface of some great torpor , and I felt that if only I could break through its glassy layers , I could pull him out to be with us .
It was all I could do to keep from yelling , “ Robert , this way ! ”
Yet despite my desperation , he remained remote , as if he were hearing the echoes of my voice in the wind but could not tell which direction to turn .
His mouth began twitching , its corners turning down .
A teardrop slowly came out of one eye .
“ He ’s crying , ” my mother croaked .
Today , two years into his injury , Robert lives in an apartment next door to our family home .
My parents care for him and help him with daily tasks , managing his affairs , cooking his meals , cleaning his apartment , doing his laundry , cutting his fingernails , cajoling him to do what he needs to do , and cheering him up when it all gets to be too much .
He has become their child all over again and their full - time job .
His neurological signals remain “ markedly abnormal , ” and he goes to occupational and physical therapy three times a week to work on his limitations .
He is still unable to use his left hand and arm very much , and it curls against his side like a fractured wing , the white , cold fingers curved into a lifeless ball .
He sometimes stretches it out , displaying his hard - won ability to part the fingers and lift the arm above his head .
But then it pulls back into its bent , wounded position and languishes there with an extraneous air , flopping about as he walks with his uneven and heavy gait .
The oddities of traumatic brain injury become more apparent to us every day .
It is a cruel fate that allowed him to come so close to being normal , and yet miss it altogether .
Outsiders are sometimes amazed by how well he functions .
But we who live with him and care for him would find it exceedingly difficult to characterize him as anything resembling a typical 25 - year - old man .
Robert was certainly not a saint before his injury , as few men his age are .
He could be angry , violent , indignant , ungrateful , and rude .
Now that he is living with TBI , we have noticed that many of his less - desirable character traits , noticeable yet controlled before his injury , have been amplified or twisted into a puerile caricature of adult emotion .
Even my parents acknowledge that their son has become an uncomfortable mix of a child and a man .
He “ lives on his own , ” yet once pitched a temper tantrum because he needed to make a phone call and my father would not do it for him .
He is often petulant and capricious , self - centered and unreasonable .
One night he loves chicken Parmesan , the next night he insists he has hated it his whole life .
If he is physically uncomfortable , he is crabby and will snap at whoever is near him .
Sometimes when he is exhausted and overwhelmed after his day of therapy , he will sink into a teary sulk , rubbing his red eyes and sharply demanding food or something else that he needs .
Even his voice enhances his juvenility , being a little squeakier and more slurred than it used to be .
My brother ’s childlikeness can bring a degree of awkwardness into our interactions with him .
His new demeanor is more often characterized by excessive giggliness than by anger .
He will frequently prattle away with a wide - eyed seriousness and then collapse into silly laughter that is sweet and uninhibited but also a bit sad coming from a 25 - year - old man .
He finds it especially funny when he baffles us with some strange observation like “ So you want to put on those pants and walk down that path ? ”
When the response is a perplexed stare , Robert will gleefully chortle away at his wittiness .
Although he fully knows who we are , my brother calls my sister “ Albert Hanesworth ” and addresses me as “ Edward Hackinson . ”
He will laugh outrageously at our protests and never seems to tire of the joke , if indeed that ’s what it is .
Sometimes Robert ’s contributions to our conversations do n’t quite make sense , yet often they are witty or even insightful .
When Anna was discussing a poem she had talked about in class at the University of Rhode Island , she read it aloud and inquired what we thought it meant .
My previously liberal - arts - phobic brother immediately responded , “ The anonymity of strangers , ” which upon a second reading , seemed to be the very thing the poem was talking about .
In defiance of his previous distaste for research , our brother sometimes tells us of his “ unquenchable thirst for the elixir of knowledge , ” which often leaves him unable to sleep in the middle of the night until he has powered up his computer and researched some burning question , such as who Adonis was or why we sometimes get “ brain freeze ” when biting into something cold .
In a way , Robert is more endearing than before .
Yet there are barriers that inhibit his desire and ability to interact with people outside his family who might sincerely enjoy his company .
My brother ’s language is sometimes slightly garbled , due to the diffuse nature of his brain injury .
He once was trying to say , “ Typical , typical , ” but instead said , “ Pitacal , pitacal , ” and continued on without noticing his error .
He often recounts stories from his therapy sessions or explains how he is feeling with an undeniable element of theatricality , brandishing his arms and using archaic or overblown language .
He uses words like “ whither , ” “ thus , ” and “ thence , ” and consistently says “ nay ” instead of “ no . ”
He also takes delight in the kind of pranks a 10 - year - old might pull , such as bopping someone on the head as they come around a corner .
He can be extremely rude when out in public , completely ignoring an old friend or a formerly familiar passerby who is asking about his health .
It can be difficult to console my brother during the times he explicitly or tacitly laments his lost abilities .
He can no longer play baseball or basketball with his friends , and this makes it hard for him to participate in the sports nights they used to enjoy together .
He can not go shooting with them or play paintball .
He can not play the bass for hours at a time anymore .
Because of his medications and the risk of seizure associated with the crainoplasty that restored the missing part of his skull , he can not drink alcohol .
An ardent sports fan , who spent countless nights watching football and drinking beer with his friends , he now rarely goes out with them to a bar or sports parties .
Robert has neglected these relationships and , in turn , has been neglected by many of his friends .
It is difficult for them to know how to respond to the way he is now .
My brother does have one friend who takes the bus down from Providence on Thursday nights to play video games with him .
They sit on the couch in his apartment , eating Skittles and laughing hysterically at their memories of the old days .
My brother looks forward to these evenings with unabashed joy .
We are extraordinarily grateful for the dedication that compels this friend to return again and again .
As my brother recovered in Bethesda and later in Tampa , he knew he was in rehab with the specific purpose of getting stronger and becoming well ; he was a recuperating soldier .
When he returned home , many people assumed it meant that he had been patched up and put back together again .
They often greeted him with a pat on the back , saying , “ So do you feel like yourself again ? ”
My brother would nod with the wide - eyed and complaisant face he sometimes assumes when talking to people outside the family and mumble something like , “ Yeah , yeah . ”
At such moments I would try to remind him that he had never stopped being himself .
The last thing I want him to think is that his injury has taken away whatever made him himself , especially since most of its effects will not go away for as long as he lives .
But there is more kindness than logic in what I tell him .
The parts of his personality and his life that he has lost have been carved out with a heavy hand .
It is not hard to think that the Robert we knew is gone .
My brother is a paradox .
We insist that he has survived , that his essential self has been retained .
We have not mourned the loss of someone we love .
I cannot compare what he or my family has been through to the anguish caused by death in war .
We are unquestioningly happy that he is indeed still here , but something — some part of him — clearly came to an end that morning in Baghdad .
Robert still loves to throw out snatches of movie lines .
He loves guns and dogs and watching sports just like he used to .
But he is no longer the person who , for 23 years , I thought of as “ my brother . ”
His quirky mind , his narrow focus , his slurred speech , and his physical difficulties all suggest another person to me .
My brother is alive , but transformed to such a degree that I separate who he is now from the person I once knew as if they were entirely different individuals .
This is subconsciously reflected in the way we address him .
Before his injury , he went by “ Rob . ”
My family now often calls him “ Bob , ” as if he is someone other than the “ Rob ” we knew for so many years .
It may be possible that receiving life instead of death can become its own kind of torment .
Robert must negotiate his “ new ” life in the face of bitter and permanent alteration .
It is incredibly sad when I catch an occasional glimpse of his frustration and bewilderment at his new dependency .
His moments of seeming oblivion are interlaced with times of an acute sense of loss and extreme self - consciousness — about his appearance , his disabilities , his difficulties in following rapid conversations .
It is hard to know how to respond when he refuses to eat out at a restaurant with us , because it is too embarrassing to be seen having someone help him with his food and implements .
My brother was not characterized by timidity or reluctance during his brief military career .
Robert volunteered to go to Iraq and was placed with a new unit that was just deploying .
His work there of removing roadside bombs and IEDs probably saved hundreds of lives in a country that has seen too much sadness already .
His men said he was like a father to them , though many of them were older than he .
They said he did everything right .
They said he was the only person they wanted to trust with their lives .
For Robert , an identity defined by disability must seem a poor trade , especially as he had so recently found his way to flourish .
Robert still occasionally insists that all he wants to do is re-join the military and be an engineer .
He took a vocational test as part of his rehabilitative therapy and scored highest in these two areas , a cruel jab at his inability to now follow his “ calling . ”
His physical and cognitive limitations have trapped him in a sphere of himself that does n’t contain the parts that he always liked the most about himself .
What do you do with yourself when all you ever wanted to do is resolutely out of your reach ?
Since my brother ’s injury , I have often struggled with the despair that this line of thinking brings .
In weariness , I succumb to believing that this harsh fate will rival any death stroke .
My brother may always remain a hero for what he has been through .
But a hero who is unable to open a jar or spread the cream cheese on his own bagel may grow weary and contemptuous of life very quickly .
Every time I see my brother ’s curved , flaccid fingers or run my own able fingers along the baby skin of the huge scars that cross his head , I wish fervently that this had never happened .
To serve his country , my brother sacrificed a promising future as a leader in the military .
I fear that all he is becoming instead is a guy scratching at himself as he sits on the sofa with his computer watching Internet porn , living on his military disability pay and Social Security .
But this is not the possibility that my family must choose to dwell on as we vacillate each day between despair and hope .
Not every disabled person becomes tired of life .
There is always dignity , pleasure , and meaning to be found in existing .
Science and medical research continually hold the promise of alleviating Robert ’s symptoms .
With the therapies that he is undergoing , he has a fighting chance to regain a little more function .
We must never forget how much we have already received .
My brother has been given back to us multiple times : from death , from a vegetative state , and from an enfeebled condition .
Surely this can be seen as an encouraging trend .
Robert escaped death by two feet , living while the driver sitting next to him , a young man from Washington named James , died .
Before each mission , the two of them would clasp arms and tell each other , “ No fear on earth . ” I understand that what these two soldiers were saying to each other was that acting as if you are unafraid is how to function in a volatile and perilous world .
It is this grim determination that repels the terror and discouragement that unfairness and absurdity can engender .
I no longer have the illusion that soon my family will be able to clap my brother on the back and say , “ Phew , that ’s over .
We made it through . ”
Robert is never going to be cured .
But the possibility of our continual enslavement — my brother ’s to his injury , my parents ’ to their son , and mine to my family — is something I do not want for us .
This tragedy may not disappear or even lessen much in severity , but the virtue of being alive and not dead is that we can respond actively and creatively to even this situation .
So while my brother treks across our parents ’ yard every morning , following the dusty path that his feet have worn in the grass , to sit in the kitchen and wait for someone to make his oatmeal and coffee before resuming his position on the sloping , brown couch in his apartment , I have booked a plane ticket to New Zealand and am preparing to fulfill my post - graduation plans , which will be two years overdue by the time I embark .
The persistence that it takes to adapt to change is a daily concatenation of choices .
Although I choose to be hopeful for both myself and my brother , hope can never assuage the heartbreak for what he and my family have gone through .
But I am resolved to believe that just as my brother set in motion the conditions for enslavement , I can set in motion those for freedom .
Maybe now he will follow my voice , as he was unable to do as I stood over his bloated and tremulous body many months ago in the ICU .
It is telling him that enduring change means bearing sadness , anger , regret , and pain .
But if I can find a way to spite the despair , so can he .
The plan was unveiled during a November 2007 event , during which then - candidate Obama pledged to " ensure a free and full exchange of information " and to " take a backseat to no one in my commitment to Network Neutrality . "
Expect Chairman Genachowski to turn his attention to bringing more choice to a broadband market controlled by a cartel of phone and cable companies .
He 's also expected to move decisively to open valuable spectrum to broadband innovation and access -- something his predecessor , former FCC Chair Kevin Martin , claimed as a part of his own legacy at the agency .
Still , more needs to be done .
Genachowski's influence on Obama has already yielded forward - looking Internet policies included in the government stimulus package passed in March .
The American Reinvestment and Recovery
Act set aside billions to connect more Americans to broadband , and required that the largest chunk , $ 4.7 billion , be spent building networks that abide by Net Neutrality .
" A key reason the Internet has been such a success is because it is the most open network in history .
It needs to stay that way , " Obama 's change.gov policy platform states .
" Barack Obama strongly supports the principle of network neutrality to preserve the benefits of open competition on the Internet . "
With Genachowski at the helm , the FCC needs to move decisively to limit phone and cable companies ’ encroachment on user choice on the Internet .
Business class passengers famously draw envious glances from the herd in economy by turning left when they enter a plane , but it is the first class ticket holders who are the most pampered .
On British Airways ' 747s they ascend to their Kelly Hoppen - designed cabin and don their free pyjamas and slippers before supping on the likes of lobster thermidor , pan-seared wild Scottish salmon or roasted Cornish game hen , then slip between the sheets of their roomy – and extremely flat – bed .
Now , however , this most opulent form of travel is under threat .
The global downturn has devastated demand for expensive seats , and even Hollywood stars and bankers are shying away from BA 's extravagant first class prices .
The airline , stung by a slump in premium bookings that helped push the company into its worst - ever loss of £ 401 m , has removed first class accommodation from four of its new long - haul planes , and is to review seating plans for other new aircraft .
" The long - haul aircraft that we take delivery of this year will not have any first class cabins in them , " said Willie Walsh , BA 's chief executive .
He insisted there was no direct link to the recession , but he added : " Longer term we will review the configuration of [ all ] new aircraft . "
BA is also launching a service this year from Heathrow to Las Vegas , a prime destination for high - rollers , with no first class option .
First class is the last remnant of the more romantic days of air travel when BA 's predecessor , British Overseas Airways Corporation , offered first class tickets alongside the more down - at - heel tourist or economy cabins .
Its upmarket reputation has become even more rarefied over the years following the introduction of slightly less luxurious business class seats in the late 1970s , and cut - throat competition on the transatlantic market .
Walsh admitted that the cost of ripping out seats in the existing fleet is too great to get rid of first class in existing planes , leading industry watchers to speculate that upgrades for economy class travellers might become a more common occurrence .
" In the short term we would have to spend money to do it and that 's not necessary , " said Walsh .
The review of seating layouts is taking place against the backdrop of a decline in business travel that poses a serious threat to long - haul airlines .
BA relies on premium passengers for more than 50 % of its revenues , more than any other major European airline .
In an indication of the current mood of austerity , Walsh announced yesterday that he will work for no pay in July , and urged BA 's 40,000 staff to take unpaid leave or work part - time .
" This is no stunt .
I do not easily give up anything I have earned , " he said .
BA has seen premium bookings decline by 13 % over the past six months with its north Atlantic routes , BA 's main source of profits , badly hit by the crisis in the banking sector .
Its rivals have fared just as badly , with premium travel since the start of the year slumping by nearly 20 % across the industry .
The International Air Transport Association expects business class bookings to recover once global trade picks up , but it is gloomier about the prospect of bankers flying again in the droves that have boosted BA 's profits in recent years .
The recession has also reduced demand for corporate jets , emblems of excess whose use has caused serious embarrassment to companies bailed out by national governments , including some of the major American car manufacturers and RBS .
Business jet travel in the UK has fallen by 20 % over the past six months , ending a boom that saw flight numbers grow by about 14 % annually to 150,000 trips per year .
The cost of refitting an aircraft , at millions of pounds per plane , means that airlines will have to turn to riskier strategies such as overbooking flights until their new aircraft orders arrive .
Airlines can guarantee strong revenues from economy class passengers if they overbook the back of the plane .
Under that scenario , any passenger who is the victim of an overbooking could be upgraded to one of the many empty seats in business class , or bumped to another flight .
US lawyers claim they have videos implicating Abu Dhabi royal in more cases of torture , a week after outcry over his assaults on Afghan businessman .
The wealthy Gulf prince at the centre of a " torture tape " scandal has been accused of attacking at least 25 other people in incidents that have also been caught on film , it has been claimed .
Sheikh Issa bin Zayed al - Nahyan is now under investigation in the United Arab Emirates after the shocking tape showed him beating a man with a nailed plank , setting him on fire , attacking him with a cattle prod and running him over .
But now lawyers for American businessman Bassam Nabulsi , who smuggled the tape out of the UAE , have written to the justice minister of Abu Dhabi - the most powerful of the emirates that make up the UAE - claiming to have considerably more evidence against Issa .
" I have more than two hours of video footage showing Sheikh Issa 's involvement in the torture of more than 25 people , " wrote Texas - based lawyer Anthony Buzbee in a letter obtained by the Observer .
The news of more torture videos involving Issa is another huge blow to the international image of the UAE .
The oil - rich state has been keen to develop relations with wealthy western politicians , universities and corporations and to promote an aura of moderation and tolerance .
But the shocking video of Issa torturing Afghan grain merchant Mohammed Shah Poor , whom Issa said had cheated him in a business deal , has heavily dented the UAE 's reputation .
Particularly damaging was the apparent involvement of a policeman in the torture and the impunity with which Sheikh Issa could act , even after the tape emerged .
He is a senior prince related to powerful members of the ruling family in Abu Dhabi .
But now it appears the initial tape could just be the beginning of the problem .
The new tapes apparently also involve police officers taking part in Issa 's attacks , and some of his victims in the as - yet - unseen videos are believed to be Sudanese immigrants .
Buzbee said he would be happy to provide the new videos to the Abu Dhabi authorities , who have pledged to investigate Issa 's activities .
" I also have access to at least three witnesses , all of whom will testify that the brutality exhibited in the videos by Sheikh Issa is part of a pattern of conduct that has gone on for some time ...
I can also provide additional witnesses who were actually present during several of Sheikh Issa 's torture sessions , " Buzbee said in the letter .
The fresh revelations about Issa 's actions will add further doubt to a pending nuclear energy deal between the UAE and the US .
The deal , signed in the final days of George W Bush , is seen as vital for the UAE .
It will see the US share nuclear energy expertise , fuel and technology in return for a promise to abide by non-proliferation agreements .
But the deal needs to be recertified by the Obama administration and there is growing outrage in America over the tapes .
Congressman James McGovern , a senior Democrat , has demanded that Hillary Clinton , the US secretary of state , investigate the matter and find out why US officials initially appeared to play down its significance .
The authorities in the UAE have certainly mishandled the emergence of the initial torture tape .
The 2004 tape was obtained by ABC News and shown on television in the US .
The UAE at first said that the matter had been privately settled between Sheikh Issa and his victim .
They also added that UAE police had followed all their rules and regulations properly .
But that position did not last long in the face of a wave of international revulsion at the brutality on display .
The fierceness of the criticism eventually forced the UAE government to both condemn the tape and announce a new investigation .
The government " unequivocally condemns the actions depicted on the video " , the state - run news agency said last week .
It added that a government human rights group in the Judicial Department would also now review the matter .
Local media also started to report the existence of the tape , having hitherto been silent on the story in the notoriously secretive country .
Buzbee welcomed the developments , but expressed scepticism that the investigation was genuinely motivated , because the authorities had known about the tapes for several years .
" I am sceptical about whether there will be a genuine investigation , given that various officials have been aware of these issues for many years and given the fact that members of the government were actually involved in , or covered up , the torture , " he said .
The tape emerged from a court case brought in America by Nabulsi .
The American citizen is a former business partner of Sheikh Issa , and claims he , too , was tortured in the UAE after the pair fell out .
Nabulsi said the first tape was shot by his brother on the orders of Sheikh Issa , who liked to view them later for his own pleasure .
Lawyers for Issa in America have attacked Nabulsi 's motivations , accusing him of waging a media campaign .
In a statement last week , Issa 's lawyer , Daryl Bristow , said : " When all the facts are known , the one - sided story being told by Nabulsi will be completely addressed and Nabulsi will be discredited . "
LYON , France , April 20 ( UPI ) --
Interpol announced it will utilize its international databases to support an investigation into an assassination plot against Bolivian President Evo Morales .
A plot targeting Morales was recently quashed during a shootout between Bolivian police and alleged conspirators .
Three men were killed and two suspects arrested in the incident that took place in Santa Cruz , Bolivia .
Advertisement
Ronald Noble , Interpol secretary - general , announced that the international policing agency will support the Bolivian police investigating the assassination plot .
Noble said that the names and DNA samples of the five suspects will be checked against Interpol 's international databases that include as many as 18 million records , Interpol reported .
" The work of the Bolivian Police is to be commended in helping to foil this plot against President Morales , and Interpol will provide whatever support necessary to assist them as they continue their inquiries , " Noble said in a statement .
In the span of less than a decade , the public went from being blissfully unaware of thimerosal , the mercury - based preservative that was used in a number of vaccines , to a place where death threats against vaccine advocates are now issued with frightening regularity .
How exactly did this happen ?
PLoS Biology has produced an article that attempts to provide a historical perspective on these developments and fit them into the wider issue of how scientific information is communicated with the public .
The story turns out to be one of historic accidents and missed opportunities , but one that could provide some valuable lessons to both public health authorities and the scientific community at large .
The article is well written , should be accessible to nonscientists , and is open access , so I 'll only recap its outlines , while focusing on aspects of the story that the author did n't develop .
In the US , the vaccine scare can apparently be traced back to an apparently unrelated event in 1997 , when a funding bill included a rider that called for the FDA to conduct an inventory of all possible sources of mercury exposure from the products it regulated .
The inventory came at a time when the vaccination programs were benefitting from increased productivity — boosters were scheduled based on a better understanding of epidemiology , vaccines were becoming available for more illnesses , etc. — that had increased the number of injections children were receiving .
The result was that the FDA found that children were exposed to unexpected levels of thimerosal , a preservative used in some vaccines that contains ethyl mercury .
The obvious question was whether this was significant , and scientists tended to respond with the default answer when information is n't available : we do n't know yet .
Although methyl mercury accumulates in nerve cells , leading to toxic effects , ethyl mercury was n't well studied at the time .
Public health authorities reacted with a message that was meant to reassure the public .
In the absence of clear information , they 'd apply the precautionary principle , and work with vaccine makers to eliminate thimerosal , which was done by 2001 .
What they failed to grasp , however , is that in the hands of interested parties , a message that was intended to reassure was presented as an admission of problems .
In any case , subsequent studies have shown that ethyl mercury does n't accumulate in the same way as its chemical relative , and that the elimination of thimerosal has n't put a dent in the increased rates of autism diagnoses .
But , in the meantime , damage has been done .
Pockets of unvaccinated children now exist in many US states , and a variety of childhood illnesses are making reappearances there .
Accident number two was a result of the fact that , at roughly the same time , a completely separate vaccine scare started in the UK , where Andrew Wakefield published a study claiming to find a link between the MMR vaccine ( which contains no thimerosal ) and autism .
Wakefield has since been charged with research improprieties and conflicts of interest , and the original results could not be confirmed .
But , because of the focus on MMR , only measles seems to be enjoying a resurgence there , where cases rose to over 1,000 last year .
Certainty in the face of contrary evidence
Despite the completely unrelated scares , the numbers are disturbingly similar .
In both countries , a quarter of adults think that vaccines can contribute to autism , no matter that the evidence against the connection has become ever more decisive in recent years ; the article has an entire section entitled " Evidence - Resistant Theories " describing this phenomenon .
There are two things I 'd add to the author 's analysis here .
For one , despite the fact that the panics in the US and the UK were based on essentially unrelated mechanisms , it 's safe to assume that the majority of the public does n't recognize this .
Instead , the fact that the fears extend across national boundaries is probably taken as evidence that there is something concrete behind them .
The second is that it does n't follow the incredible morphing of fears in the face of contrary evidence .
As the evidence for vaccine - driven mercury toxicity became shakier , a variety of other vaccine related factors took the blame .
Vaccines were said to contain harmful chemicals aside from thimerosal , or the mercury there was said to interact with various other environmental factors , or the vaccines were scheduled too closely together .
In short , advocates of a link between vaccines and autism are demanding that the scientific community follow them down an infinite regression of potential fears .
In cases where the medical community has responded with a detailed evaluation of specific ideas , such as a CDC study released in 2003 , the vaccine skeptics responded with death threats against agency officials .
These same skeptics also learned to use the tools of the scientific trade against science .
The founders of one autism advocacy group ( one of whom is identified as a marketing consultant ) published an article proposing a mercury - autism link in a publication called Medical Hypotheses that is described as " an unconventional journal that welcomes ' even probably untrue papers . ' "
One physician published a case report — essentially a formalized description of an anecdote — without disclosing the case involved his own daughter , and that he was pursuing her case in the US vaccine court at the time .
A number of vaccine skeptics also push unsupportable autism ideas at the same time they profit from ostensible " cures " based on these ideas .
Lessons to be learned
Oddly , despite these obvious conflicts of interest , it 's the medical community that 's frequently the target of accusations that it's too cozy with the pharmaceutical industry .
Vaccines are manufactured products , and public health officials often assist in their development and / or advocate their use , so it 's difficult to avoid these perceptions to a degree .
What the article does n't note , but should be said , is that the medical community as a whole has hurt its credibility through various practices that allowed doctors to extract cash from pharmaceutical companies .
Even though these issues are not related to vaccines , they contribute to a general sense of corruption and undermine public confidence , which spills over to vaccination programs .
The second is that the public health community was unprepared to discuss this issue via the popular press .
Reporters often attempt to present scientific issues with the same " balance " they use for political ones , even though it 's wildly inappropriate .
Vaccine advocates needed to be prepared to handle this .
In several cases , they also chose to make no response to stories that appeared in the places like Rolling Stone which ran a misinformation - filled article penned by Robert F. Kennedy , Jr .
The final issue is that , despite the fact that they 're a public health issue , many people view vaccines as an area of personal responsibility .
If parents were to simply follow expert advice , they'd be left with the sense that they 're not personally involved in decisions regarding their children .
The net result is that they view public health experts as voicing just another opinion , and often adopt alternate vaccine schedules that leave their children at risk , simply because it provides them the opportunity to feel as if they have taken action to safeguard their children .
The public health community needs to convey that their statements are based on the best available information , and vaccine schedules are formulated based on that .
Although these lessons are developed in response to the problems that the public health community has faced in convincing the public to accept the benefits of vaccines , it 's easy to see how they can apply to other scientific fields .
PLoS Biology , 2009 .
DOI : 10.1371/journal.pbio.1000114
LAYTON — U.S. Sens. Orrin Hatch and Bob Bennett , both R - Utah , got polite receptions Saturday at the state GOP convention , but both also recognized that some of the rank - and - file delegates were n't pleased with them .
Hatch , at one point in his speech , appeared upset when some delegates applauded as a way of blaming national Republicans , himself included , for the deficit and other problems of the Bush years .
" Do n't you believe that B.S. , " Hatch said loudly .
But some of the 1,800 delegates clearly did .
While many delegates stood and applauded the longtime incumbents ( Hatch 33 years , Bennett 15 years ) , others sat on their hands — not booing , but showing their disapproval through silence .
A few GOP leaders feared a hostile reception ( there was none , as outgoing state party chairman Stan Lockhart told the hall not to boo anyone ) , and steps were made in scheduling and placement to blunt incivility .
Hatch was introduced by well - known conservative Ken Blackwell , who as the keynote speaker had just gotten a long , standing ovation .
Blackwell said while he did n't agree with everything Hatch did , " we are all brothers . "
And some delegates may have been looking toward welcoming outgoing Gov. Jon Huntsman Jr. ( who upset rank and file with his pro-civil - unions stand ) with a Bronx cheer .
They did n't get the chance .
Huntsman , soon to be named ambassador to China by Democratic President Barack Obama , did n't show .
And a short video of him saying goodbye to the Utah GOP ran before the convention even got going in the Davis County Convention Center , with most delegates talking or milling around in the hall and not listening to him .
Some incumbents were well - received .
Lt. Gov. Gary Herbert , Reps. Jason Chaffetz and Rob Bishop , both R - Utah , and Attorney General Mark Shurtleff ( running against Bennett ) were cheered several times .
Herbert will take over for Huntsman when he 's confirmed by the U.S. Senate .
Calling himself a true conservative , Herbert said he and Huntsman were a team , have done well , and that he is ready , able and willing to serve for the next 18 months .
Still , while not challenged in their speeches , Hatch and Bennett did get an earful from some delegates as they met with hundreds of them , some standing three or four deep to talk to the congressman .
One example : Hatch was taken to task in a hallway outside by a well - dressed but insistent conservative .
" You say I do n't do anything .
I do , " said Hatch sharply .
" I did n't say that , " said the man .
" I said I see no evidence that you are doing anything .
I 'm engaged ( in congressional action ) .
I know what is going on .
We 're $ 3 billion in debt , and I worry about my four children . "
Several candidates for state party office took backhanded stabs at Huntsman .
Civil unions — which Huntsman endorsed earlier this year — " mocks God , " said party chair candidate Jude Law .
Vice Chairman Todd Weiler , who failed to win another term , got some cheers when he said civil unions " is one big step in the wrong direction . "
While Lockhart got a standing ovation for his two - year term , other party office candidates said the party was too closed , with leaders out of touch with core Republicans .
" There is an abundance of Republicans who want to win at all costs , " said vice chairman candidate Morgan Philpot ( who won his race ) .
And that lust for power " has led our nation and party to the crisis we face today .
( Political leaders ) are selling our birth right for a mess of pottage . "
Chairman candidate Steve Harmsen ( who lost to Dave Hansen ) listed a number of issues conservative Republicans stand against , including TARP , the Bush - backed bailout of banks passed last fall .
" No on TARP , " shouted Harmsen to loud cheers .
Bennett and Hatch voted for TARP .
While the convention was held to pick new party leaders , national and local politics and personalities were at play .
Chaffetz , a dyed - in - the - wool conservative who got several standing ovations , said he was glad to serve with Bishop in the House ( but did n't mention Hatch or Bennett ) .
" It 's campaign time , " said Bennett .
And on the campaign trail people treat you differently .
" You get more rude questions , but I like that , " he added , promising to fight hard for his seat next year .
E-mail : bbjr@desnews.com , araymond@desnews.com
BY Micah L. Sifry | Thursday , June 11 2009
At least one author of the " Best Congressional Tweets of the Week " ( as picked last Sunday by The Washingtonian ) is n't actually a real Member of Congress .
So if you are one of the 645 people who have been following the account of @deanheller , thinking that you were communing with the Republican congressman from Nevada 's second district , think again .
In fact , until Monday , you 've been following " Anon Guy , " a Nevada blogger who decided earlier this week to come clean ( sort of , since we do n't yet know who s/ he is ) , and admit that he or she had been successfully impersonating his representative , Congressman Dean Heller , on Twitter for the last five months .
That 's the story Anon Guy tells in a highly entertaining series of blog posts that describe how he started the account on a lark last December 28 , how being picked up by the aggregator Tweet Congress led to a healthy jump in followers , including " an entire civics class from a Nebraska continuation high school , " activist conservatives jumping on the Twitter bandwagon , and a smattering of fellow Congressmen , and how the local media started to report on " @deanheller " and his supposed presence on Twitter .
It all adds up to a cautionary tale of what happens when people rush to embrace a new technology without bothering to ask the most basic of questions , like " How do I know this person for real ? "
And it 's a bit of a black eye both for gullible politicos , who probably thought that @deanheller was the real Congressman , as well as for Twitter itself , which is only now starting to offer verified accounts for its more prominent users .
Here 's some proof that Anon Guy was in fact managing @deanheller until two days ago .
Here 's a link to a Google cache of http://www.twitter.com/deanheller from June 4th , and a screenshot :
And here 's the current @deanheller page .
Note that he 's gone from 640 followers to just 198 , while the number of people he 's following has jumped from 26 to 325 .
Anon
Guy says he knew that some day he would get found out .
He suspects the downfall may have started when someone in Senator John Ensign 's office direct - messaged , on May 19 , " Is this Congressman Heller , or someone else behind this account ?
- Staff "
Anon Guy 's answer was brilliant : " What to do ?
I could always lie and respond with a ' Yes , and say hi to John for me ' or just ignore it and hope it would n't go anywhere .
But then I thought , ' Why not do what politicians always do so well . '
So I answered the question by not really answering the question .
I wrote something along the lines of ' Just getting our Twitter feet wet .
Still have a ways to go to match the Senator , though . ' "
By the way , Anon Guy 's ability to produce this message from @johnensign , which could only have been received by the person managing the @deanheller account , convinces me with 99.9 % certainty , that this is n't a hoax and Congressman Heller clearly got pwned .
He also provided me with several Twitter confirmation messages received by the @deanheller account as other users decided to follow it .
It 's also worth noting that Anon Guy did n't really abuse the account : the tweets posted in Heller 's name -- like an announcement about summer internship opportunities or a press release opposing EFCA -- seem to mirror the Congressman 's voice and concerns .
But no matter .
" The end came surprisingly swift and without notice , " Anon Guy blogs .
" I always figured I 'd receive a direct message from someone in Heller 's camp asking what was going on , or a notice from Twitter itself , and then turn over the account in good standing .
The big question was when that would actually occur .
But the account just disappeared and reappeared in its new official form Monday . "
I suppose this was bound to happen -- and for all we know this sort of incident is directly connected to Twitter 's recent announcement that it would begin providing " verified accounts " to some high - profile identities : " public officials , public agencies , famous artists , athletes , and other well known individuals at risk of impersonation . "
Caveat emptor .
And thanks to Anon Guy ( who for the last two years has also provided a highly useful public service by collecting and posting all the emails sent out by the various presidential candidates ) for sharing his tale .
UPDATE : Anon Guy says he 's a he .
We 've narrowed the field by 50 % !
And he adds this footnote to the story : " Something kind of funny , in my first post I mentioned how one of our other congresspersons , Shelly Berkley , still had n't registered her name with Twitter either .
After I posted that I figured some squatter might jump on it , so I went in and took the name .
I then emailed Berkley , through her campaign site , and briefly told her the Heller story and said I had just taken her name so if she wanted it just let me know and I 'd give her the password and username .
Still have n't heard back . "
Bonus graphic : Rep. Dean Heller 's track on TweetCongress :
i ’m crying because i love him so much
JAPAN has asked Australia to prevent the Sea Shepherd ship Steve Irwin leaving port to harass its whalers in the Antarctic next summer , but the plea may have little effect .
The anti-whaling activists plan to upgrade their fleet from an ageing , former North Atlantic fisheries patrol boat to include another ship - something out of the future .
The global speedboat Earthrace would head south under Sea Shepherd colours next summer , the group 's leader Paul Watson said .
Looking more like a giant spider ... the activists ' new Earthrace , which last year circled the globe in 61 days , fuelled by biodiesel .
" It looks like a spaceship .
It can do 40 knots and dive under waves completely .
We 'll be using it to intercept and block harpoons . "
In 61 days last year Earthrace circled the globe fuelled by biodiesel .
The New Zealand owner / skipper , Pete Bethune , said he decided to become involved because " this is happening in my backyard and it really pisses me off .
I 'm going to make a stand . "
By Tom Symonds
BBC News transport correspondent
Electrical problems could result in the loss of vital control systems
It is possible that the fury of an equatorial storm brought down Air France flight 447 .
The plane 's flight path seems to have taken it through what meteorologists call the inter - tropical convergence zone .
This is where two air masses meet , sending huge storm clouds more than 40,000 ft ( 12,000 m ) into the sky .
Eight years ago , former British Airways captain Roger Guiver was confronted with an enormous storm during a flight from Cape Town to London Heathrow .
" You take weather like that extremely seriously , " he says .
" You do n't go anywhere near it . "
There are two potential dangers - lightning and severe turbulence .
Lightning Lightning can strike anywhere - the charge flows around the plane 's skin and can damage electrical systems .
" Static wicks " on aircraft wings are meant to dissipate electricity
But aircraft wings have what are called " static wicks " which dissipate the electricity safely .
Bored , long - haul passengers looking out of the window at the wings will spot them - thin , aerial - like structures , trailing in the slipstream .
Roger Guiver says one dramatic warning of a possible lightning strike is St Elmo 's Fire - static that flickers over the windscreen as the plane flies through a storm .
But lightning almost never causes air crashes , at least directly .
The respected Aviation Safety Network database lists just 15 incidents in more than 50 years of aviation history .
The worst was the loss of an Iranian Air Force Boeing 747 in 1976 near Madrid .
Lightning ignited vapour in a fuel tank , causing an explosion .
Electrical faults
If lightning did strike AF 447 , it is more likely to have caused the electrical faults mentioned in automated maintenance messages which were sent out over a satellite network shortly before the plane disappeared .
[ Turbulence ] is not frightening for us , but it 's awful for the passengers at the back
Roger Guiver
Former British Airways captain
But electrical problems might in turn have resulted in the crew losing vital control systems , or a fire .
The pilot 's main weapon against turbulence is weather radar - the receiver mounted in the nose of the aircraft can pick up signs of storm clouds ahead , which are displayed in the cockpit .
Crews aim to fly at least 10 miles ( 16 km ) around the worst storms , for reasons of safety and passenger comfort .
But it is not an exact science .
Weather radars detect moisture primarily , and sometimes struggle to identify ice crystals , which can be present in the worst storm clouds .
At night , storms cannot easily be seen by eye .
Turbulence Pilots try to avoid ending up in big storm clouds because of the forces they can impose on a plane .
At cruising height , the plane must be kept to precise speeds - the altitude means changes of speed can cause stalling .
In pictures : Waiting for news Timeline of Flight AF 447 Air disasters timeline But in a storm , the plane can be lifted up or thrown down in the turbulence , making it difficult for the autopilot to fly within the limits .
" It 's not frightening for us , but it 's awful for the passengers at the back , " says Roger Guiver .
Investigators will want to discover if the Air France Airbus suffered such severe turbulence that it caused catastrophic structural damage - the loss of a rudder , engine mounting , or even a broken wing .
This would be extremely rare .
The wings on newly designed aircraft are literally tested to destruction by bending them at least 50 % beyond the kinds of forces produced in a storm .
As ever with air accident investigations , finding the cockpit voice recorder and flight data recorder is key .
They may be up to thousands of metres below the surface .
But the US National Transportation Safety Board says the homing beacons they carry should be detectable down to 14,000 ft ( 4,300 m ) .
Retrieving them is tricky but , as military salvage experts point out , these days there is no place on the ocean floor where remotely operated vehicles cannot go .
The boxes and key sections of wreckage could be winched up , so that investigators can begin the task of explaining the fate of flight AF 447 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Some of the area 's biggest sports bloggers are getting together next month to talk about . . . sports blogging .
The Blogs with Balls conference will be held June 13 in New York City .
Bloggers , sports writers , fans and other new media folks are expected to attend to talk about the changing face of sports media .
Blogs with Balls co-founder Kyle Bunch says :
Check out the Blogs with Balls site for details , including ticket info , the list of speakers and the schedule .
This is a guest post by Glen Allsopp of PluginID .
Have you ever read an informative book , only to later remember just a few main points — if anything at all ?
The problem might be that you ’re using one of the least efficient ways of learning available .
The Cone of Learning
I remember back about 7 years ago when I was taking music lessons at school , there was a poster on the wall that really grabbed my attention .
To be fair , it was n’t difficult for a random object to attract your gaze as our Scottish teacher at the time did n’t have much in the way of keeping you interested .
The poster outlined the different ways that we remember things and how different activities increase our chances of remembering something over others .
Image Credit
After doing some research , I found that the contents of that poster were based upon the work of Edgar Dale back in 1969 .
Dale looked at the most effective ways of learning by teaching people similar material in different ways and noted the ability to recall the information after the teaching was finished .
Today , many of you may know this as the Cone of Learning , but beware : although the cone is in fact based upon the results of Dale ’s research , the percentage figures were never actually cited by Dale , and added by others after the initial investigation .
Even though the Cone of Learning that became widespread contains erroneous figures , it does represent a guideline for the most effective learning techniques that the human brain is able to acquire and store information from .
Based on the research we can see that :
The least effective way to learn something is to listen to a lecture on the topic or read information about it .
way to learn something is to listen to a lecture on the topic or read information about it .
The most effective way to learn something is to teach others and use it in our own lives .
The Cone of Learning suggests why you are more likely to remember parts of a movie than you are from a book on the same topic .
A film uses audio and visual aspects that the brain is more likely to store and hold available for recollection ( memory ) .
Learning Almost Anything
After we discard the erroneous percentage figures , we still must take the cone as just a guideline — one which is subject to change depending on the learning style of the student or the studied subject .
Different aspects such as what you want to remember and how often you put it into use will greatly impact how well you remember something .
That being said , other things equals , the cone is a great guideline to follow to better imprint something to memory .
On that note , I thought it would be a good idea to look at the best ways to use the Cone of Learning concept , and apply it to an everyday example that we can relate to .
The example I ’m going to use in the following tips is looking at the best methods you could use to learn what yoga is and remember the necessary positions that are used .
Give a Lecture .
Although receiving a lecture is one of the worst ways to remember what you are being told , giving a lecture is one of the most effective .
You could go into any college or university and offer to give a lecture on the topic of yoga and the many positions that are used .
Although receiving a lecture is one of the worst ways to remember what you are being told , giving a lecture is one of the most effective .
You could go into any college or university and offer to give a lecture on the topic of yoga and the many positions that are used .
Write an Article .
If you have a blog or a website you could spend time putting together an article on what yoga is all about and the movements that are often used in this meditative practice .
Additionally , you could also create images to be used on the site to help explain the certain actions involved .
If you have a blog or a website you could spend time putting together an article on what yoga is all about and the movements that are often used in this meditative practice .
Additionally , you could also create images to be used on the site to help explain the certain actions involved .
Make a Video .
Even if you do n’t have your own blog or website , there are plenty of video portals such as Youtube and Metacafe that will allow you to upload your own videos for free .
This will be effective as you can teach in the lecture format but know that you are instructing to a potentially worldwide audience .
Even if you do n’t have your own blog or website , there are plenty of video portals such as Youtube and Metacafe that will allow you to upload your own videos for free .
This will be effective as you can teach in the lecture format but know that you are instructing to a potentially worldwide audience .
Discuss with Your Friends .
One of the easiest teaching options that you have available to you are the members of your social circle .
Wherever appropriate , bring up a topic you would like to discuss and share your wealth of knowledge on it .
The more people you can discuss it with the better your ability will be to remember it in the future .
Additionally , there are literally hundreds of ways you can discuss it online using the likes of online forums , twitter or even niche social networks .
One of the easiest teaching options that you have available to you are the members of your social circle .
Wherever appropriate , bring up a topic you would like to discuss and share your wealth of knowledge on it .
The more people you can discuss it with the better your ability will be to remember it in the future .
Additionally , there are literally hundreds of ways you can discuss it online using the likes of online forums , twitter or even niche social networks .
Do it Yourself .
It ’s no use trying your best to teach others about Yoga if it ’s something you are n’t interested in and do n’t do yourself .
If you teach people the importance of controlling their breathing , then when you are performing Yoga in your own time … make sure you are controlling your breathing .
Whatever you would teach others , you need to make sure you are implementing yourself .
There are certainly more ways that you could look into teaching others and applying things into your own life .
From holding classes in your house to simply creating an audio file of you speaking , see how you can apply teaching about your subject to learn more about a topic .
Exceptions to the Rule
As with most things in life , this is n’t going to apply to every single person , every single time .
For example , from my research into this , it is claimed that autistic people are much more likely to learn from visual images rather than trying to teach someone else or do it themselves .
Also , I know many people who have a strong preference for auditory learning over visual , for instance .
Additionally , as stated , the figures in the cone are to be used as a guideline , some people will have a high success rate at learning through teaching others while for some it may not be as successful .
Generally , look at the ones which are deemed to be the most effective and try the ones which work best for you .
So , what are you going to do to improve your learning now ?
About Glen Allsopp Glen Allsopp writes in order to inspire , awaken and motivate people into being who they want to be and living the life they want to live .
You can learn more about him at his Personal Development blog .
Related Posts
Shocking !
Yes , but its been going on for sometime now .
Here are a few recent cases :
Arpit Kavadia allegedly died of serious injuries which he sustained on July 26 after he was beaten up by Indra Samar , a Sanskrit teacher of the school .
http://www.indianexpress.com/news/thrashed-by-teacher-student-dies/208305/
A 15 - year - old Delhi schoolgirl who was beaten by her teacher last November and slipped into a coma in January died in hospital last night .
http://www.telegraphindia.com/1080328/jsp/nation/story_9065659.jsp
http://news.webindia123.com/news/Articles/India/20080327/919212.html
In yet another outrageous instance of corporal punishment , a class VI student died in Farrukhabad , UP , after being beaten mercilessly by his teacher .
http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/India/Another_student_beaten_to_death_by_teacher/rssarticleshow/2257862.cms
Jagroop Singh was a 15 year old class 10 student at the Senior Secondary School ( Pakhowal ) inLudhiana , Punjab , India .
He was severely beaten up by his teacher Jatinder Kaur on 12th July , 2002 .
He later succumbed to his injuries and died .
http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/articleshow/15801590.cms
And finally , 11 - year - old girl dies after being punished by teacher :
http://www.dnaindia.com/report.asp?newsid=1248516
Hmm , how do you deal with such individuals ?
Few choices that come to mind are :
1 ) Hanging till death / Electric Chair
2 ) The Legal Channel – ( Mind you people have got bails in the past and gotten away , and some cases are pending , and carry on for years , possibly decades )
Take part in the poll !
What should be done to such school teachers ?
( polls )
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The man heading up an independent inquiry into MPs ' expenses has told the BBC he was " shocked " by some of the revelations in the Daily Telegraph .
Sir Christopher Kelly said he had been concerned about the system " for some time " and had asked to do an inquiry before Gordon Brown requested it .
The Telegraph printed scores of stories based on leaked receipts from claims .
Meanwhile , Commons leader Harriet Harman has said details of MPs ' second jobs will be published on 1 July .
Sir Christopher , whose committee on standards in public life 's inquiry into MPs ' allowances begins public evidence sessions next week , reiterated that he did not expect to report back until the autumn .
' Dreadful episode ' Last Wednesday the senior Labour MP Sir Stuart Bell said the recommendations were expected " during June " and the prime minister had asked the committee to report back in July .
But Sir Christopher told BBC One's Andrew Marr
Show that while he was conscious of the need to report quickly to " get this dreadful episode behind us " , he could not be exact .
" We are now trying to produce our report by the autumn , a key date is clearly soon after Parliament comes back form their summer recess , in October . "
Until we had the revelations from the Daily Telegraph I do n't think the committee had any idea of the depth of what was happening
Sir Christopher Kelly
He said the committee had been " concerned " about the system of MPs ' expenses and had had its " eye on it " for some time : " The truth is that actually we proposed doing the study to Gordon Brown before he proposed it back to us . "
" But until we had the revelations from the Daily Telegraph I do n't think the committee had any idea of the depth of what was happening . "
He added : " I was both surprised and I think it is fair to say , shocked . "
Public anger
The Commons authorities had long fought attempts to release detailed breakdowns of MPs ' claims under their controversial second homes allowance - but had been forced to compile receipts after losing a High Court battle under the Freedom of Information Act .
But before they could be published widely , the Daily Telegraph got hold of copies of millions of receipts and began publishing stories about claims by MPs from all parties .
The fallout and public anger has led to money being paid back , MPs announcing they will step down and has been blamed in part for Labour 's disastrous showing at the European and English council elections last week .
It has been a traumatic thing , this big collapse in confidence and the crisis over MPs ' expenses
Harriet Harman
Commons leader Commons leader Ms Harman said MPs had already agreed to give " absolute transparency " on expenses and audit all claims made over four years , paying back money where appropriate .
From 1
July people would also know how much time and how much money MPs get from second jobs .
The plan has been seen as an attempt to embarrass the Conservatives - it means all MPs have to register more details of their outside earnings .
She said she hoped a new independent Parliamentary standards authority to run MPs ' expenses would be law before MPs leave for the summer recess .
" I think that will not only be important for the public but also a relief to MPs because we do n't want to be doing it ourselves , " she said .
" It has been a traumatic thing , this big collapse in confidence and the crisis over MPs ' expenses .
" But what we are going to end up with a much cleaner , better clearer system . "
Interim changes to the expenses system have been brought in while MPs await the findings of Sir Christopher 's committee .
He said they were " in the right direction " but his committee would not hesitate to go further if necessary .
He said if " complete transparency " could be guaranteed and a proper system of audit - rather than the " pretty poor " controls of the past - it would make a great deal of difference .
But he pointed out while his committee could make recommendations - it was ultimately for Parliament to decide whether to follow them or not and for the media to scrutinise them .
Without a written constitution , they could be scrapped in the future , he added .
" There may well be ways however to make it more difficult to do that through primary legislation , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
by Chris Bodenner
A reader writes :
I used to be a conservative Republican like you .
I am now a conservative Democrat .
I think our government is overbearing in many instances .
In the case of marijuana , it 's missing out on a large amount of tax revenue if the stuff were legalized and regulated like alcohol .
Doing that would rid our prisons of many tokers and small time drug users , cut our prison and judicial costs significantly and increase our tax base .
This would be especially true in California .
Yet the insanity persists !
What really annoys me these days is at age 64 I think I have earned the right to smoke a joint once and a while without being exposed to the risks of our stupid drug laws .
I ought to be able to go down to some local reputable dealer who pays taxes on the stuff and buy a joint once or twice a year , go back home and smoke it while I put a steak on the barbeque .
Another writes :
I 'm a 27 - year - old programmer who lives in the Bible Belt .
By the time I got my first professional job at a small company , I 'd been smoking marijuana for a year .
I took great pains to hide this from my coworkers and parents because of the social stigmas attached to marijuana .
But I eventually found out that over a third of my coworkers got high on a regular basis .
They came from different educational systems , different sociopolitical backgrounds ; conservatives , liberals , college graduates , middle - aged professionals , CEOs , programmers , accountants , and secretaries .
Even , I discovered , my parents .
Every job I 've worked in since , I 've found it to be the same .
Even in places that test for drugs .
It 's corporate America 's little secret - a great , silent number of professionals indulge in marijuana from time to time .
We are n't addicts .
Most of us are responsible people .
Another :
I 'm a Manhattan commercial lawyer in my mid-forties .
Before my divorce , I lived in the suburbs , where I would get together weekly with two friends ( a partner at one of the most highly respected " white shoe " law firms in the city and a C - level officer of a major corporation , both with young families ) to toke covertly , rotating through our respective backyards .
My pot -smoking friends in the city , like many Manhattanites , hail from all over the country .
They include a physician , a professor , a 30 - something personal chef , scrappy 50 - something garment industry executives and scrappier traders .
And a high school teacher .
While our lives are culturally distinct from those of " Real Americans , " we are , for the most part , productive , moral and responsible people ( and you 'd be surprised at how many supported George W. Bush and spout Fox News nonsense ) .
What all my pot-partners have in common is their fear , even though we all know that having a few buds in Manhattan will not result in a criminal record for any of us .
The professional price of a mere arrest would be too great .
Few buy their own and they wo n't discuss their pot preference unless they know their interlocutor well .
I buy my own and talk relatively freely about it , within reason .
My secret ?
I 'm self - employed , and know a top - notch criminal lawyer , who started out as a public defender , and who instructed me on police practice and who can get me out of any pot-related scrape .
He does n't toke because of the symbolism - it 's against the law .
But he keeps a few buds in his closet , which he 's saving for the day when pot becomes legal .
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Russian prosecutors initiated a criminal investigation Tuesday into the use of helicopters to hunt endangered goats by senior officials , a case that has revealed the playtime pleasures of Russia ’s elite .
A two - week old argali mountain goat stands next to a domestic sheep wich became his surrogate mother in Amaty zoo in this file photo from April 12 , 2001 .
AS
Seven people died in a helicopter crash in January , including Russian President Dmitry Medvedev ’s personal envoy to parliament and a top regional wildlife protection official .
Environmentalists have said photos from the crash site , in remote mountains near the border with Kazakhstan , appeared to show the hunting party had shot endangered Argali goats -- famed for their large curly horns .
There are only about 200 Argali left in Russia and it is illegal to shoot them .
Prosecutors had already started investigating how the helicopter could crash in good weather , but had not acted on calls from environmentalists and a petition signed by 6,000 people to investigate the shooting of the Argali .
The photos and accusations of illegal hunting by Russian officials helped catapult the story into newspapers and grabbed the attention of ordinary Russians .
“ By referring this case to the investigation committee , the Prosecutor - General considers that this incident drew widespread public attention , ” Interfax news agency quoted Marina Gridnyeva , a spokeswoman from the Prosecutor - General ’s office , as saying .
The Prosecutor - General ’s office confirmed it had referred the case to the investigation committee which launches criminal cases but declined further comment .
Vladimir Krever , head of green group WWF ’s biosphere program in Russia , said hunting from helicopters was illegal in Russia but was a pastime favored by some wealthy hunters , who are prepared to pay up to $ 2,000 per hour .
“ This has only been revealed because of the air crash , ” he said .
“ This is the first case where there has been such an investigation and where the public will know real reasons and results of illegal hunting . ”
Four people survived the crash , including the Altai region ’s deputy governor although he has since resigned .
Only days after they were groaning with fury at the Israeli lobby 's success in hounding the outspoken Charles Freeman away from his proposed intelligence job for President Obama , the Arabs now have to contend with an Israeli Foreign Minister whose – let us speak frankly – racist comments about Palestinian loyalty tests have brought into the new Netanyahu cabinet one of the most unpleasant politicians in the Middle East .
The Iraqis produced the hateful Saddam , the Iranians created the crackpot Ahmadinejad – for reasons of sanity , I leave out the weird ruler of Libya – and now the Israelis have exalted a man , Avigdor Lieberman , who out - Sharons even Ariel Sharon .
A few Palestinians expressed their cruel delight that at last the West will see the " true face " of Israel .
I 've heard that one before – when Sharon became prime minister – and the usual nonsense will be trotted out that only a " hard - line extremist " can make the compromises necessary for a deal with the Palestinians .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
This kind of self - delusion is a Middle East disease .
The fact is that the Israeli Prime Minister - to - be has made it perfectly clear there will be no two - state solution ; and he has planted a tree on Golan to show the Syrians they will not get it back .
And now he 's brought into the cabinet a man who sees even the Arabs of Israel as second - class citizens .
Lieberman 's first visit to Washington will be a gem .
AIPAC – posing as an Israeli lobby when in fact it works for the Likudists – will fight for him and Lady Hillary will have to greet him warmly at the State Department .
Who knows , he might even suggest to her that she imposes a loyalty test for American minorities as well – which would mean demanding an oath of faithfulness from Barack himself .
The horizon goes on forever .
In Egypt , Avigdor Lieberman will have a tough time .
Hosni Mubarak can be a soft touch for the Americans but it was Lieberman who , complaining that the Egyptian President should visit Israel or " go to hell " , deeply offended a man who has taken great risks in maintaining his country 's peace with the Israeli state .
Egyptians have been outraged to read in their newspapers that Lieberman has talked of drowning Palestinians in the Dead Sea or executing Israeli Palestinians who talked to Hamas .
Last night , a supporter of Lieberman appeared on Al Jazeera television to describe Hamas as " an anti-Semitic , barbarous organisation " – even though Israeli army officers spoke openly with this supposedly " barbarous " group both before and after the Oslo agreement .
But the growth of such an extremist administration in Israel and the hopeless response of the Obama administration to the so - called supporters of Israel who destroyed Freeman 's career , can only be dangerous news for the Middle East .
The Jeddah - based Arab News called the Freeman disaster " a grave defeat for US foreign policy " .
But while uttering all the usual platitudes , the Arab press has been playing up the pusillanimous remarks of US press secretary Robert Gibbs when asked why Obama was " standing mute " in the Freeman affair .
" I 've watched with great interest how people perceive different things about our policy and during the campaign about whether we were too close to one group or too close to the other .
So I do n't give a lot of thought to those . "
Asked for " straight answers " , Gibbs said : " I gave you as straight a one as I can get . "
This was almost as funny as The New York Times when it attempted last week to explain why Lady Hillary was frightened of offending the Israelis during the formation of the Netanyahu government when she described the destruction of 1,000 Palestinian homes as " unhelpful " .
Her caution in the Middle East , it explained , was " a reflection of the treacherous landscape in the Middle East , where a misplaced phrase can ruffle feathers among constituencies back home " .
You bet it can – and when Mr Lieberman comes to town , we 'll see who those feathers belong to .
Their owners would do well , however , to dwell on the incendiary language of Avigdor Lieberman .
He speaks like a Russian nationalist rather than the secular Israeli he claims to be .
I covered the bloodbath of Bosnia in the early Nineties and I can identify Lieberman 's language – of executions , of drownings , of hell and loyalty oaths – with the language of Messrs Mladic and Karadzic and Milosevic .
Lady Hillary and her boss should pull out a few books on the war in ex-Yugoslavia if they want to understand who they are now dealing with .
" Unhelpful " will not be the appropriate response .
It is very common indeed for anti-piracy groups to go after sites linked to file - sharing .
However , in The Netherlands the tables have recently been turned as the FTD Usenet community is taking legal action against anti-piracy group BREIN .
Torrent Freak spoke with FTD 's lawyer to discover exactly why this worm has turned .
Founded in 2001 , FTD is The Netherlands largest Usenet community with around 450,000 members .
FTD and its associated software allows its members to report the location of material they find on Usenet , which could include the usual movies , music and TV shows .
This caused it to be a target for notorious anti-piracy outfit BREIN .
Not wanting to be bullied for what it considers to be a completely legal operation , FTD took the unusual step of taking BREIN to court , after Tim Kuik , the head of the outfit , said that FTD and its operators were committing a crime .
FTD ’s owners and lawyers vigorously deny this claim , the details of which can be found in our earlier report .
So what led up to this legal showdown ?
Torrent Freak spoke with FTD ’s specialist IT lawyer , Arnoud Engelfriet , of Ictrecht law firm .
“ In January of this year , BREIN announced they were ‘ going after Usenet ’ and
specifically singled out FTD as their first target , ” Arnoud told TorrentFreak .
Naturally this position was of concern to FTD , but instead of burying their heads in the sand they actually contacted BREIN with a view to discovering where their differences lay and sorting them out amicably .
“ Shortly after that , FTD engaged in negotiations with BREIN to find out what their objections were and how we could overcome them , ” Arnoud told us .
The discussions led FTD to pro-actively modify how they operate to ensure that there could be no doubt as to their legality .
“ We even voluntarily made some changes to the FTD platform to ensure there could be no doubt we were in the clear , ” Arnoud explained .
But their attempts to engage and negotiate with BREIN came to nothing .
“ After we made the changes , we got complete radio silence from BREIN .
No confirmation , no rejection , nothing , ” Arnoud explained .
“ Only after several days we found out what BREIN thought – but only by reading the online news .
That was a huge disappointment . ”
Indeed , ignoring the outstretched hand and making their intentions against FTD public , BREIN chief Tim Kuik spoke with Dutch publication Volkskrant and the resulting article titled “ You do not pay for it , it ’s unlawful ” labeled FTD ’s operations criminal .
“ Although they [ FTD ] are not carrying illegal content on their servers , what FTD does is simply criminal , ” said Kuik .
Usually at this point a site being bullied by BREIN would either dig in its heels and wait for the lawsuit and injunction against them , or capitulate in fear of being destroyed .
“ We could have waited for preliminary injunction proceedings , which is BREIN ’s weapon of choice , ” Arnoud told us .
But that would have taken too much time , and since preliminary injunctions leave little room for a thorough investigation of all relevant facts , the risk was that FTD could be forced to close down for all the wrong reasons .
So FTD did something quite unusual in these cases – it went on the offensive against BREIN instead .
“ At that stage , we felt that doing nothing would leave the sword of Damocles over our heads , ” Arnoud told Torrent Freak .
“ BREIN is very fond of making continuous ominous statements in the press , and that could create a FUD environment for FTD .
Therefore we decided to go to court and ask for an official declaration that downloading is legal , that it ’s also legal to inform people about materials to download and to offer a platform to let people inform each other , ” he added .
FTD also wants a public statement from BREIN correcting its assertion that its operations are criminal , and a declaration from the court that FTD ’s operations are fully legal .
“ We fully expect to win our case .
BREIN is big on statements but often short on facts and legal arguments to back them up , ” Arnoud told TorrentFreak .
“ We have the law and the facts on our side . ”
Would You Let This Man Into Your Home ?
Gene provides so many reasons for doing repairs yourself .
You never know what you are going to get from the local handyman .
A MyBadPad original feature .
Answer
About 35 pounds , or 15.8 kilograms .
You 're welcome .
The Works of Horace
By Horace
Presented by
Auth o rama
Public Domain Books
The First Book of the Odes of Horace .
ODE I .
TO MAECENAS .
Maecenas , descended from royal ancestors , O both my protection and my darling honor !
There are those whom it delights to have collected Olympic dust in the chariot race ; and [ whom ] the goal nicely avoided by the glowing wheels , and the noble palm , exalts , lords of the earth , to the gods .
This man , if a crowd of the capricious Quirites strive to raise him to the highest dignities ; another , if he has stored up in his own granary whatsoever is swept from the Libyan thrashing floors : him who delights to cut with the hoe his patrimonial fields , you could never tempt , for all the wealth of Attalus , [ to become ] a timorous sailor and cross the Myrtoan sea in a Cyprian bark .
The merchant , dreading the south - west wind contending with the Icarian waves , commends tranquility and the rural retirement of his village ; but soon after , incapable of being taught to bear poverty , he refits his shattered vessel .
There is another , who despises not cups of old Massic , taking a part from the entire day , one while stretched under the green arbute , another at the placid head of some sacred stream .
The camp , and the sound of the trumpet mingled with that of the clarion , and wars detested by mothers , rejoice many .
The huntsman , unmindful of his tender spouse , remains in the cold air , whether a hart is held in view by his faithful hounds , or a Marsian boar has broken the fine - wrought toils .
Ivy , the reward of learned brows , equals me with the gods above : the cool grove , and the light dances of nymphs and satyrs , distinguish me from the crowd ; if neither Euterpe withholds her pipe , nor Polyhymnia disdains to tune the Lesbian lyre .
But , if you rank me among the lyric poets , I shall tower to the stars with my exalted head .
ODE II .
TO AUGUSTUS CAESAR
Enough of snow and dreadful hail has the Sire now sent upon the earth , and having hurled [ his thunderbolts ] with his red right hand against the sacred towers , he has terrified the city ; he has terrified the nations , lest the grievous age of Pyrrha , complaining of prodigies till then unheard of , should return , when Proteus drove all his [ marine ] herd to visit the lofty mountains ; and the fishy race were entangled in the elm top , which before was the frequented seat of doves ; and the timorous deer swam in the overwhelming flood .
We have seen the yellow Tiber , with his waves forced back with violence from the Tuscan shore , proceed to demolish the monuments of king [ Numa ] , and the temples of Vesta ; while he vaunts himself the avenger of the too disconsolate Ilia , and the uxorious river , leaving his channel , overflows his left bank , notwithstanding the disapprobation of Jupiter .
Our youth , less numerous by the vices of their fathers , shall hear of the citizens having whetted that sword [ against themselves ] , with which it had been better that the formidable Persians had fallen ; they shall hear of [ actual ] engagements .
Whom of the gods shall the people invoke to the affairs of the sinking empire ?
With what prayer shall the sacred virgins importune Vesta , who is now inattentive to their hymns ?
To whom shall Jupiter assign the task of expiating our wickedness ?
Do thou at length , prophetic Apollo , ( we pray thee ! ) come , vailing thy radiant shoulders with a cloud : or thou , if it be more agreeable to thee , smiling Venus , about whom hover the gods of mirth and love : or thou , if thou regard thy neglected race and descendants , our founder Mars , whom clamor and polished helmets , and the terrible aspect of the Moorish infantry against their bloody enemy , delight , satiated at length with thy sport , alas ! of too long continuance : or if thou , the winged son of gentle Maia , by changing thy figure , personate a youth upon earth , submitting to be called the avenger of Caesar ; late mayest thou return to the skies , and long mayest thou joyously be present to the Roman people ; nor may an untimely blast transport thee from us , offended at our crimes .
Here mayest thou rather delight in magnificent triumphs , and to be called father and prince : nor suffer the Parthians with impunity to make incursions , you , O Caesar , being our general .
ODE III .
TO THE SHIP , IN WHICH VIRGIL WAS ABOUT TO SAIL TO ATHENS .
So may the goddess who rules over Cyprus ; so may the bright stars , the brothers of Helen ; and so may the father of the winds , confining all except Iapyx , direct thee , O ship , who art intrusted with Virgil ; my prayer is , that thou mayest land him safe on the Athenian shore , and preserve the half of my soul .
Surely oak and three - fold brass surrounded his heart who first trusted a frail vessel to the merciless ocean , nor was afraid of the impetuous Africus contending with the northern storms , nor of the mournful Hyades , nor of the rage of Notus , than whom there is not a more absolute controller of the Adriatic , either to raise or assuage its waves at pleasure .
What path of death did he fear , who beheld unmoved the rolling monsters of the deep ; who beheld unmoved the tempestuous swelling of the sea , and the Acroceraunians–ill - famed rocks ?
In vain has God in his wisdom divided the countries of the earth by the separating ocean , if nevertheless profane ships bound over waters not to be violated .
The race of man presumptuous enough to endure everything , rushes on through forbidden wickedness .
The presumptuous son of Iapetus , by an impious fraud , brought down fire into the world .
After fire was stolen from the celestial mansions , consumption and a new train of fevers settled upon the earth , and the slow approaching necessity of death , which , till now , was remote , accelerated its pace .
Daedalus essayed the empty air with wings not permitted to man .
The labor of Hercules broke through Acheron .
There is nothing too arduous for mortals to attempt .
We aim at heaven itself in our folly ; neither do we suffer , by our wickedness , Jupiter to lay aside his revengeful thunderbolts .
ODE IV .
TO SEXTIUS .
Severe winter is melted away beneath the agreeable change of spring and the western breeze ; and engines haul down the dry ships .
And neither does the cattle any longer delight in the stalls , nor the ploughman in the fireside ; nor are the meadows whitened by hoary frosts .
Now Cytherean
Venus leads off the dance by moonlight ; and the comely Graces , in conjunction with the Nymphs , shake the ground with alternate feet ; while glowing Vulcan kindles the laborious forges of the Cyclops .
Now it is fitting to encircle the shining head either with verdant myrtle , or with such flowers as the relaxed earth produces .
Now likewise it is fitting to sacrifice to Faunus in the shady groves , whether he demand a lamb , or be more pleased with a kid .
Pale death knocks at the cottages of the poor , and the palaces of kings , with an impartial foot .
O happy Sextius !
The short sum total of life forbids us to form remote expectations .
Presently shall darkness , and the unreal ghosts , and the shadowy mansion of Pluto oppress you ; where , when you shall have once arrived , you shall neither decide the dominion of the bottle by dice , nor shall you admire the tender Lycidas , with whom now all the youth is inflamed , and for whom ere long the maidens will grow warm .
ODE V .
TO PYRRHA .
What dainty youth , bedewed with liquid perfumes , caresses you , Pyrrha , beneath the pleasant grot , amid a profusion of roses ?
For whom do you bind your golden hair , plain in your neatness ?
Alas !
how often shall he deplore your perfidy , and the altered gods ; and through inexperience be amazed at the seas , rough with blackening storms who now credulous enjoys you all precious , and , ignorant of the faithless gale , hopes you will be always disengaged , always amiable !
Wretched are those , to whom thou untried seemest fair ?
The sacred wall [ of Neptune ’s temple ] demonstrates , by a votive tablet , that I have consecrated my dropping garments to the powerful god of the sea .
ODE VI .
TO AGRIPPA .
You shall be described by Varius , a bird of Maeonian verse , as brave , and a subduer of your enemies , whatever achievements your fierce soldiery shall have accomplished , under your command ; either on ship - board or on horseback .
We humble writers , O Agrippa , neither undertake these high subjects , nor the destructive wrath of inexorable Achilles , nor the voyages of the crafty Ulysses , nor the cruel house of Pelops : while diffidence , and the Muse who presides over the peaceful lyre , forbid me to diminish the praise of illustrious Caesar , and yours , through defect of genius .
Who with sufficient dignity will describe Mars covered with adamantine coat of mail , or Meriones swarthy with Trojan dust , or the son of Tydeus by the favor of Pallas a match for the gods ?
We , whether free , or ourselves enamored of aught , light as our wont , sing of banquets ; we , of the battles of maids desperate against young fellows –with pared nails .
ODE VII .
TO MUNATIUS PLANCUS .
Other poets shall celebrate the famous Rhodes , or Mitylene , or Ephesus , or the walls of Corinth , situated between two seas , or Thebes , illustrious by Bacchus , or Delphi by Apollo , or the Thessalian Tempe .
There are some , whose one task it is to chant in endless verse the city of spotless Pallas , and to prefer the olive culled from every side , to every other leaf .
Many a one , in honor of Juno , celebrates Argos , productive of steeds , and rich Mycenae .
Neither patient Lacedaemon so much struck me , nor so much did the plain of fertile Larissa , as the house of resounding Albunea , and the precipitately rapid Anio , and the Tiburnian groves , and the orchards watered by ductile rivulets .
As the clear south wind often clears away the clouds from a lowering sky , now teems with perpetual showers ; so do you , O Plancus , wisely remember to put an end to grief and the toils of life by mellow wine ; whether the camp , refulgent with banners , possess you , or the dense shade of your own Tibur shall detain you .
When Teucer fled from Salamis and his father , he is reported , notwithstanding , to have bound his temples , bathed in wine , with a poplar crown , thus accosting his anxious friends : “ O associates and companions , we will go wherever fortune , more propitious than a father , shall carry us .
Nothing is to be despaired of under Teucer ’s conduct , and the auspices of Teucer : for the infallible Apollo has promised , that a Salamis in a new land shall render the name equivocal .
O gallant heroes , and often my fellow - sufferers in greater hardships than these , now drive away your cares with wine : to - morrow we will re-visit the vast ocean . ”
ODE VIII .
TO LYDIA .
Lydia , I conjure thee by all the powers above , to tell me why you are so intent to ruin Sybaris by inspiring him with love ?
Why hates he the sunny plain , though inured to bear the dust and heat ?
Why does he neither , in military accouterments , appear mounted among his equals ; nor manage the Gallic steed with bitted reins ?
Why fears he to touch the yellow Tiber ?
Why shuns he the oil of the ring more cautiously than viper ’s blood ?
Why neither does he , who has often acquired reputation by the quoit , often by the javelin having cleared the mark , any longer appear with arms all black - and - blue by martial exercises ?
Why is he concealed , as they say the son of the sea - goddess
Thetis was , just before the mournful funerals of Troy ; lest a manly habit should hurry him to slaughter , and the Lycian troops ?
ODE IX .
TO THALIARCHUS .
You see how Soracte stands white with deep snow , nor can the laboring woods any longer support the weight , and the rivers stagnate with the sharpness of the frost .
Dissolve the cold , liberally piling up billets on the hearth ; and bring out , O Thaliarchus , the more generous wine , four years old , from the Sabine jar .
Leave the rest to the gods , who having once laid the winds warring with the fervid ocean , neither the cypresses nor the aged ashes are moved .
Avoid inquiring what may happen tomorrow ; and whatever day fortune shall bestow on you , score it up for gain ; nor disdain , being a young fellow , pleasant loves , nor dances , as long as ill - natured hoariness keeps off from your blooming age .
Now let both the Campus Martius and the public walks , and soft whispers at the approach of evening be repeated at the appointed hour : now , too , the delightful laugh , the betrayer of the lurking damsel from some secret corner , and the token ravished from her arms or fingers , pretendingly tenacious of it .
ODE X .
TO MERCURY .
Mercury , eloquent grandson of Atlas , thou who artful didst from the savage manners of the early race of men by oratory , and the institution of the graceful Palaestra : I will celebrate thee , messenger of Jupiter and the other gods , and parent of the curved lyre ; ingenious to conceal whatever thou hast a mind to , in jocose theft .
While Apollo , with angry voice , threatened you , then but a boy , unless you would restore the oxen , previously driven away by your fraud , he laughed , [ when he found himself ] deprived of his quiver [ also ] .
Moreover , the wealthy Priam too , on his departure from Ilium , under your guidance deceived the proud sons of Atreus , and the Thessalian watch - lights , and the camp inveterate agaist Troy .
You settle the souls of good men in blissful regions , and drive together the airy crowd with your golden rod , acceptable both to the supernal and infernal gods .
ODE XI .
TO LEUCONOE .
Inquire not , Leuconoe ( it is not fitting you should know ) , how long a term of life the gods have granted to you or to me : neither consult the Chaldean calculations .
How much better is it to bear with patience whatever shall happen !
Whether Jupiter have granted us more winters , or [ this as ] the last , which now breaks the Etrurian waves against the opposing rocks .
Be wise ; rack off your wines , and abridge your hopes [ in proportion ] to the shortness of your life .
While we are conversing , envious age has been flying ; seize the present day , not giving the least credit to the succeeding one .
ODE XII .
TO AUGUSTUS .
What man , what hero , O Clio , do you undertake to celebrate on the harp , or the shrill pipe ?
What god ?
Whose name shall the sportive echo resound , either in the shady borders of Helicon , or on the top of Pindus , or on cold Haemus ?
Whence the woods followed promiscuously the tuneful Orpheus , who by his maternal art retarded the rapid courses of rivers , and the fleet winds ; and was so sweetly persuasive , that he drew along the listening oaks with his harmonious strings .
But what can I sing prior to the usual praises of the Sire , who governs the affairs of men and gods ; who [ governs ] the sea , the earth , and the whole world with the vicissitudes of seasons ?
Whence nothing is produced greater than him ; nothing springs either like him , or even in a second degree to him : nevertheless , Pallas has acquired these honors , which are next after him .
Neither will I pass thee by in silence , O Bacchus , bold in combat ; nor thee , O Virgin , who art an enemy to the savage beasts ; nor thee , O Phoebus , formidable for thy unerring dart .
I will sing also of Hercules , and the sons of Leda , the one illustrious for his achievements on horseback , the other on foot ; whose clear - shining constellation as soon as it has shone forth to the sailors , the troubled surge falls down from the rocks , the winds cease , the clouds vanish , and the threatening waves subside in the sea–because it was their will .
After these , I am in doubt whom I shall first commemorate , whether Romulus , or the peaceful reign of Numa , or the splendid ensigns of Tarquinius , or the glorious death of Cato .
I will celebrate , out of gratitude , with the choicest verses , Regulus , and the Scauri , and Paulus , prodigal of his mighty soul , when Carthage conquered , and Fabricius .
Severe poverty , and an hereditary farm , with a dwelling suited to it , formed this hero useful in war ; as it did also Curius with his rough locks , and Camillus .
The fame of Marcellus increases , as a tree does in the insensible progress of time .
But the Julian constellation shines amid them all , as the moon among the smaller stars .
O thou son of Saturn , author and preserver of the human race , the protection of Caesar is committed to thy charge by the Fates : thou shalt reign supreme , with Caesar for thy second .
Whether he shall subdue with a just victory the Parthians making inroads upon Italy , or shall render subject the Seres and Indians on the Eastern coasts ; he shall rule the wide world with equity , in subordination to thee .
Thou shalt shake Olympus with thy tremendous car ; thou shalt hurl thy hostile thunderbolts against the polluted groves .
ODE XIII .
TO LYDIA .
O Lydia , when you commend Telephus ’ rosy neck , and the waxen arms of Telephus , alas !
my inflamed liver swells with bile difficult to be repressed .
Then neither is my mind firm , nor does my color maintain a certain situation : and the involuntary tears glide down my cheek , proving with what lingering flames I am inwardly consumed .
I am on fire , whether quarrels rendered immoderate by wine have stained your fair shoulders ; or whether the youth , in his fury , has impressed with his teeth a memorial on your lips .
If you will give due attention to my advice , never expect that he will be constant , who inhumanly wounds those sweet kisses , which Venus has imbued with the fifth part of all her nectar .
O thrice and more than thrice happy those , whom an indissoluble connection binds together ; and whose love , undivided by impious complainings , does not separate them sooner than the last day !
ODE XIV .
TO THE ROMAN STATE .
O ship , new waves will bear you back again to sea .
O what are you doing ?
Bravely seize the port .
Do you not perceive , that your sides are destitute of oars , and your mast wounded by the violent south wind , and your main - yards groan , and your keel can scarcely support the impetuosity of the waves without the help of cordage ?
You have not entire sails ; nor gods , whom you may again invoke , pressed with distress : notwithstanding you are made of the pines of Pontus , and as the daughter of an illustrious wood , boast your race , and a fame now of no service to you .
The timorous sailor has no dependence on a painted stern .
Look to yourself , unless you are destined to be the sport of the winds .
O thou , so lately my trouble and fatigue , but now an object of tenderness and solicitude , mayest thou escape those dangerous seas which flow among the shining Cyclades .
ODE XV .
TO PARIS .
When the perfidious shepherd ( Paris ) carried off by sea in Trojan ships his hostess Helen , Nereus suppressed the swift winds in an unpleasant calm , that he might sing the dire fates .
“ With unlucky omen art thou conveying home her , whom Greece with a numerous army shall demand back again , having entered into a confederacy to dissolve your nuptials , and the ancient kingdom of Priam .
Alas ! what sweat to horses , what to men , is just at hand !
What a destruction art thou preparing for the Trojan nation !
Even now Pallas is fitting her helmet , and her shield , and her chariot , and her fury .
In vain , looking fierce through the patronage of Venus , will you comb your hair , and run divisions upon the effeminate lyre with songs pleasing to women .
In vain will you escape the spears that disturb the nuptial bed , and the point of the Cretan dart , and the din [ of battle ] , and Ajax swift in the pursuit .
Nevertheless , alas !
the time will come , though late , when thou shalt defile thine adulterous hairs in the dust .
Dost thou not see the son of Laertes , fatal to thy nation , and Pylian Nestor , Salaminian Teucer , and Sthenelus skilled in fight ( or if there be occasion to manage horses , no tardy charioteer ) , pursue thee with intrepidity ?
Meriones also shalt thou experience .
Behold !
the gallant son of Tydeus , a better man than his father , glows to find you out : him , as a stag flies a wolf , which he has seen on the opposite side of the vale , unmindful of his pasture , shall you , effeminate , fly , grievously panting : –not such the promises you made your mistress .
The fleet of the enraged Achilles shall defer for a time that day , which is to be fatal to Troy and the Trojan matrons : but , after a certain number of years , Grecian fire shall consume the Trojan palaces . ”
ODE XVI .
TO A YOUNG LADY HORACE HAD OFFENDED .
O daughter , more charming than your charming mother , put what end you please to my insulting iambics ; either in the flames , or , if you choose it , in the Adriatic .
Nor Cybele , nor Apollo , the dweller in the shrines , so shakes the breast of his priests ; Bacchus does not do it equally , nor do the Corybantes so redouble their strokes on the sharp - sounding cymbals , as direful anger ; which neither the Noric sword can deter , nor the shipwrecking sea , nor dreadful fire , not Jupiter himself rushing down with awful crash .
It is reported that Prometheus was obliged to add to that original clay [ with which he formed mankind ] , some ingredient taken from every animal , and that he applied the vehemence of the raging lion to the human breast .
It was rage that destroyed Thyestes with horrible perdition ; and has been the final cause that lofty cities have been entirely demolished , and that an insolent army has driven the hostile plowshare over their walls .
Compose your mind .
An ardor of soul attacked me also in blooming youth , and drove me in a rage to the writing of swift - footed iambics .
Now I am desirous of exchanging severity for good nature , provided that you will become my friend , after my having recanted my abuse , and restore me your affections .
ODE XVII .
TO TYNDARIS .
The nimble Faunus often exchanges the Lycaean mountain for the pleasant Lucretilis , and always defends my she - goats from the scorching summer , and the rainy winds .
The wandering wives of the unsavory husband seek the hidden strawberry - trees and thyme with security through the safe grove : nor do the kids dread the green lizards , or the wolves sacred to Mars ; whenever , my Tyndaris , the vales and the smooth rocks of the sloping Ustica have resounded with his melodious pipe .
The gods are my protectors .
My piety and my muse are agreeable to the gods .
Here plenty , rich with rural honors , shall flow to you , with her generous horn filled to the brim .
Here , in a sequestered vale , you shall avoid the heat of the dog - star ; and , on your Anacreontic harp , sing of Penelope and the frail Circe striving for one lover ; here you shall quaff , under the shade , cups of unintoxicating Lesbian .
Nor shall the raging son of Semele enter the combat with Mars ; and unsuspected you shall not fear the insolent Cyrus , lest he should savagely lay his intemperate hands on you , who are by no means a match for him ; and should rend the chaplet that is platted in your hair , and your inoffensive garment .
ODE XVIII .
TO VARUS .
O Varus , you can plant no tree preferable to the sacred vine , about the mellow soil of Tibur , and the walls of Catilus .
For God hath rendered every thing cross to the sober ; nor do biting cares disperse any otherwise [ than by the use of wine ] .
Who , after wine , complains of the hardships of war or of poverty ?
Who does not rather [ celebrate ] thee , Father Bacchus , and thee , comely Venus ?
Nevertheless , the battle of the Centaurs with the Lapithae , which was fought in their cups , admonishes us not to exceed a moderate use of the gifts of Bacchus .
And Bacchus himself admonishes us in his severity to the Thracians ; when greedy to satisfy their lusts , they make little distinction between right and wrong .
O beauteous Bacchus , I will not rouse thee against thy will , nor will I hurry abroad thy [ mysteries , which are ] covered with various leaves .
Cease your dire cymbals , together with your Phrygian horn , whose followers are blind Self - love and Arrogance , holding up too high her empty head , and the Faith communicative of secrets , and more transparent than glass .
ODE XIX .
TO GLYCERA .
The cruel mother of the Cupids , and the son of the Theban Gemele , and lascivious ease , command me to give back my mind to its deserted loves .
The splendor of Glycera , shining brighter than the Parian marble , inflames me : her agreeable petulance , and her countenance , too unsteady to be beheld , inflame me .
Venus , rushing on me with her whole force , has quitted Cyprus ; and suffers me not to sing of the Scythians , and the Parthian , furious when his horse is turned for flight , or any subject which is not to the present purpose .
Here , slaves , place me a live turf ; here , place me vervains and frankincense , with a flagon of two - year - old wine .
She will approach more propitious , after a victim has been sacrificed .
ODE XX .
TO MAECENAS .
My dear knight Maecenas , you shall drink [ at my house ] ignoble Sabine wine in sober cups , which I myself sealed up in the Grecian cask , stored at the time , when so loud an applause was given to you in the amphitheatre , that the banks of your ancestral river , together with the cheerful echo of the Vatican mountain , returned your praises .
You [ when you are at home ] will drink the Caecuban , and the grape which is squeezed in the Calenian press ; but neither the Falernian vines , nor the Formian hills , season my cups .
ODE XXI .
ON DIANA AND APOLLO .
Ye tender virgins , sing Diana ; ye boys , sing Apollo with his unshorn hair , and Latona passionately beloved by the supreme Jupiter .
Ye ( virgins ) , praise her that rejoices in the rivers , and the thick groves , which project either from the cold Algidus , or the gloomy woods of Erymanthus , or the green Cragus .
Ye boys , extol with equal praises Apollo ’s Delos , and his shoulder adorned with a quiver , and with his brother Mercury ’s lyre .
He , moved by your intercession , shall drive away calamitous war , and miserable famine , and the plague from the Roman people and their sovereign Caesar , to the Persians and the Britons .
ODE XXII .
TO ARISTIUS FUSCUS .
The man of upright life and pure from wickedness , O Fuscus , has no need of the Moorish javelins , or bow , or quiver loaded with poisoned darts .
Whether he is about to make his journey through the sultry Syrtes , or the inhospitable Caucasus , or those places which Hydaspes , celebrated in story , washes .
For lately , as I was singing my Lalage , and wandered beyond my usual bounds , devoid of care , a wolf in the Sabine wood fled from me , though I was unarmed : such a monster as neither the warlike Apulia nourishes in its extensive woods , nor the land of Juba , the dry - nurse of lions , produces .
Place me in those barren plains , where no tree is refreshed by the genial air ; at that part of the world , which clouds and an inclement atmosphere infest .
Place me under the chariot of the too neighboring sun , in a land deprived of habitations ; [ there ] will I love my sweetly - smiling , sweetly - speaking Lalage .
ODE XXIII .
TO CHLOE .
You shun me , Chloe , like a fawn that is seeking its timorous mother in the pathless mountains , not without a vain dread of the breezes and the thickets : for she trembles both in her heart and knees , whether the arrival of the spring has terrified by its rustling leaves , or the green lizards have stirred the bush .
But I do not follow you , like a savage tigress , or a Gaetulian lion , to tear you to pieces .
Therefore , quit your mother , now that you are mature for a husband .
ODE XXIV .
TO VIRGIL .
What shame or bound can there be to our affectionate regret for so dear a person ?
O Melpomene , on whom your father has bestowed a clear voice and the harp , teach me the mournful strains .
Does then perpetual sleep oppress Quinctilius ?
To whom when will modesty , and uncorrupt faith the sister of Justice , and undisguised truth , find any equal ?
He died lamented by many good men , but more lamented by none than by you , my Virgil .
You , though pious , alas !
in vain demand Quinctilius back from the gods , who did not lend him to us on such terms .
What , though you could strike the lyre , listened to by the trees , with more sweetness than the Thracian Orpheus ; yet the blood can never return to the empty shade , which Mercury , inexorable to reverse the fates , has with his dreadful Caduceus once driven to the gloomy throng .
This is hard : but what it is out of our power to amend , becomes more supportable by patience .
ODE XXV .
TO LYDIA .
The wanton youths less violently shake thy fastened windows with their redoubled knocks , nor do they rob you of your rest ; and your door , which formerly moved its yielding hinges freely , now sticks lovingly to its threshold .
Less and less often do you now hear : “ My Lydia , dost thou sleep the live - long night , while I your lover am dying ? ”
Now you are an old woman , it will be your turn to bewail the insolence of rakes , when you are neglected in a lonely alley , while the Thracian wind rages at the Interlunium : when that hot desire and lust , which is wont to render furious the dams of horses , shall rage about your ulcerous liver : not without complaint , that sprightly youth rejoice rather in the verdant ivy and growing myrtle , and dedicate sapless leaves to Eurus , the companion of winter .
ODE XXVI .
TO AELIUS LAMIA .
A friend to the Muses , I will deliver up grief and fears to the wanton winds , to waft into the Cretan Sea ; singularly careless , what king of a frozen region is dreaded under the pole , or what terrifies Tiridates .
O sweet muse , who art delighted with pure fountains , weave together the sunny flowers , weave a chaplet for my Lamia .
Without thee , my praises profit nothing .
To render him immortal by new strains , to render him immortal by the Lesbian lyre , becomes both thee and thy sisters .
ODE XXVII .
TO HIS COMPANIONS .
To quarrel over your cups , which were made for joy , is downright Thracian .
Away with the barbarous custom , and protect modest Bacchus from bloody frays .
How immensely disagreeable to wine and candles is the sabre of the Medes !
O my companions , repress your wicked vociferations , and rest quietly on bended elbow .
Would you have me also take my share of stout Falernian ?
Let the brother of Opuntian Megilla then declare , with what wound he is blessed , with what dart he is dying .
–What , do you refuse ?
I will not drink upon any other condition .
Whatever kind of passion rules you , it scorches you with the flames you need not be ashamed of , and you always indulge in an honorable , an ingenuous love .
Come , whatever is your case , trust it to faithful ears .
Ah , unhappy ! in what a Charybdis art thou struggling , O youth , worthy of a better flame !
What witch , what magician , with his Thessalian incantations , what deity can free you ?
Pegasus himself will scarcely deliver you , so entangled , from this three - fold chimera .
ODE XXVIII .
ARCHYTAS .
The [ want of the ] scanty present of a little sand near the Mantinian shore , confines thee , O Archytas , the surveyor of sea and earth , and of the innumerable sand : neither is it of any advantage to you , to have explored the celestial regions , and to have traversed the round world in your imagination , since thou wast to die .
Thus also did the father of Pelops , the guest of the gods , die ; and Tithonus likewise was translated to the skies , and Minos , though admitted to the secrets of Jupiter ; and the Tartarean regions are possessed of the son of Panthous , once more sent down to the receptacle of the dead ; notwithstanding , having retaken his shield from the temple , he gave evidence of the Trojan times , and that he had resigned to gloomy death nothing but his sinews and skin ; in your opinion , no inconsiderable judge of truth and nature .
But the game night awaits all , and the road of death must once be travelled .
The Furies give up some to the sport of horrible Mars : the greedy ocean is destructive to sailors : the mingled funerals of young and old are crowded together : not a single person does the cruel Proserpine pass by .
The south wind , the tempestuous attendant on the setting Orion , has sunk me also in the Illyrian waves .
But do not thou , O sailor , malignantly grudge to give a portion of loose sand to my bones and unburied head .
So , whatever the east wind shall threaten to the Italian sea , let the Venusinian woods suffer , while you are in safety ; and manifold profit , from whatever port it may , come to you by favoring Jove , and Neptune , the defender of consecrated Tarentum .
But if you , by chance , make light of committing a crime , which will be hurtful to your innocent posterity , may just laws and haughty retribution await you .
I will not be deserted with fruitless prayers ; and no expiations shall atone for you .
Though you are in haste , you need not tarry long : after having thrice sprinkled the dust over me , you may proceed .
ODE XXIX .
TO ICCIUS .
O Iccius , you now covet the opulent treasures of the Arabians , and are preparing vigorous for a war against the kings of Saba , hitherto unconquered , and are forming chains for the formidable Mede .
What barbarian virgin shall be your slave , after you have killed her betrothed husband ?
What boy from the court shall be made your cup - bearer , with his perfumed locks , skilled to direct the Seric arrows with his father ’s bow ?
Who will now deny that it is probable for precipitate rivers to flow back again to the high mountains , and for Tiber to change his course , since you are about to exchange the noble works of Panaetius , collected from all parts , together with the whole Socratic family , for Iberian armor , after you had promised better things ?
ODE XXX .
TO VENUS .
O Venus , queen of Gnidus and Paphos , neglect your favorite Cyprus , and transport yourself into the beautiful temple of Glycera , who is invoking you with abundance of frankincense .
Let your glowing son hasten along with you , and the Graces with their zones loosed , and the Nymphs , and Youth possessed of little charm without you and Mercury .
ODE XXXI .
TO APOLLO .
What does the poet beg from Phoebus on the dedication of his temple ?
What does he pray for , while he pours from the flagon the first libation ?
Not the rich crops of fertile Sardinia : not the goodly flocks of scorched Calabria : not gold , or Indian ivory : not those countries , which the still river Liris eats away with its silent streams .
Let those to whom fortune has given the Calenian vineyards , prune them with a hooked knife ; and let the wealthy merchant drink out of golden cups the wines procured by his Syrian merchandize , favored by the gods themselves , inasmuch as without loss he visits three or four times a year the Atlantic Sea .
Me olives support , me succories and soft mallows .
O thou son of Latona , grant me to enjoy my acquisitions , and to possess my health , together with an unimpaired understanding , I beseech thee ; and that I may not lead a dishonorable old age , nor one bereft of the lyre .
ODE XXXII .
TO HIS LYRE .
We are called upon .
If ever , O lyre , in idle amusement in the shade with thee , we have played anything that may live for this year and many , come on , be responsive to a Latin ode , my dear lyre–first tuned by a Lesbian citizen , who , fierce in war , yet amid arms , or if he had made fast to the watery shore his tossed vessel , sung Bacchus , and the Muses , and Venus , and the boy , her ever - close attendant , and Lycus , lovely for his black eyes and jetty locks .
O thou ornament of Apollo , charming shell , agreeable even at the banquets of supreme Jove !
O thou sweet alleviator of anxious toils , be propitious to me , whenever duly invoking thee !
ODE XXXIII .
TO ALBIUS TIBULLUS .
Grieve not too much , my Albius , thoughtful of cruel Glycera ; nor chant your mournful elegies , because , as her faith being broken , a younger man is more agreeable , than you in her eyes .
A love for Cyrus inflames Lycoris , distinguished for her little forehead : Cyrus follows the rough Pholoe ; but she - goats shall sooner be united to the Apulian wolves , than Pholoe shall commit a crime with a base adulterer .
Such is the will of Venus , who delights in cruel sport , to subject to her brazen yokes persons and tempers ill suited to each other .
As for myself , the slave - born Myrtale , more untractable than the Adriatic Sea that forms the Calabrian gulfs , entangled me in a pleasing chain , at the very time that a more eligible love courted my embraces .
ODE XXXIV .
AGAINST THE EPICURIANS .
A remiss and irregular worshiper of the gods , while I professed the errors of a senseless philosophy , I am now obliged to set sail back again , and to renew the course that I had deserted .
For Jupiter , who usually cleaves the clouds with his gleaming lightning , lately drove his thundering horses and rapid chariot through the clear serene ; which the sluggish earth , and wandering rivers ; at which Styx , and the horrid seat of detested Taenarus , and the utmost boundary of Atlas were shaken .
The Deity is able to make exchange between the highest and the lowest , and diminishes the exalted , bringing to light the obscure ; rapacious fortune , with a shrill whizzing , has borne off the plume from one head , and delights in having placed it on another .
ODE XXXV .
TO FORTUNE .
O Goddess , who presidest over beautiful Antium ; thou , that art ready to exalt mortal man from the most abject state , or to convert superb triumphs into funerals !
Thee the poor countryman solicits with his anxious vows ; whosoever plows the Carpathian Sea with the Bithynian vessel , importunes thee as mistress of the ocean .
Thee the rough Dacian , thee the wandering Scythians , and cities , and nations , and warlike Latium also , and the mothers of barbarian kings , and tyrants clad in purple , fear .
Spurn not with destructive foot that column which now stands firm , nor let popular tummult rouse those , who now rest quiet , to arms –to arms–and break the empire .
Necessity , thy minister , alway marches before thee , holding in her brazen hand huge spikes and wedges , nor is the unyielding clamp absent , nor the melted lead .
Thee Hope reverences , and rare Fidelity robed in a white garment ; nor does she refuse to bear thee company , howsoever in wrath thou change thy robe , and abandon the houses of the powerful .
But the faithless crowd [ of companions ] , and the perjured harlot draw back .
Friends , too faithless to bear equally the yoke of adversity , when casks are exhausted , very dregs and all , fly off .
Preserve thou Caesar , who is meditating an expedition against the Britons , the furthest people in the world , and also the new levy of youths to be dreaded by the Eastern regions , and the Red Sea .
Alas !
I am ashamed of our scars , and our wickedness , and of brethren .
What have we , a hardened age , avoided ?
What have we in our impiety left unviolated !
From what have our youth restrained their hands , out of reverence to the gods ?
What altars have they spared ?
O mayest thou forge anew our blunted swords on a different anvil against the Massagetae and Arabians .
ODE XXXVI .
This is a joyful occasion to sacrifice both with incense and music of the lyre , and the votive blood of a heifer to the gods , the guardians of Numida ; who , now returning in safety from the extremest part of Spain , imparts many embraces to his beloved companions , but to none more than his dear Lamia , mindful of his childhood spent under one and the same governor , and of the gown , which they changed at the same time .
Let not this joyful day be without a Cretan mark of distinction ; let us not spare the jar brought forth [ from the cellar ] ; nor , Salian - like , let there be any cessation of feet ; nor let the toping Damalis conquer Bassus in the Thracian Amystis ; nor let there be roses wanting to the banquet , nor the ever - green parsley , nor the short - lived lily .
All the company will fix their dissolving eyes on Damalis ; but she , more luxuriant than the wanton ivy , will not be separated from her new lover .
ODE XXXVII .
TO HIS COMPANIONS .
Now , my companions , is the time to carouse , now to beat the ground with a light foot : now is the time that was to deck the couch of the gods with Salian dainties .
Before this , it was impious to produce the old Caecuban stored up by your ancestors ; while the queen , with a contaminated gang of creatures , noisome through distemper , was preparing giddy destruction for the Capitol and the subversion of the empire , being weak enough to hope for any thing , and intoxicated with her prospering fortune .
But scarcely a single ship preserved from the flames bated her fury ; and Caesar brought down her mind , inflamed with Egyptian wine , to real fears , close pursuing her in her flight from Italy with his galleys ( as the hawk pursues the tender doves , or the nimble hunter the hare in the plains of snowy Aemon ) , that he might throw into chains this destructive monster [ of a woman ] ; who , seeking a more generous death , neither had an effeminate dread of the sword , nor repaired with her swift ship to hidden shores .
She was able also to look upon her palace , lying in ruins , with a countenance unmoved , and courageous enough to handle exasperated asps , that she might imbibe in her body the deadly poison , being more resolved by having pre-meditated her death : for she was a woman of such greatness of soul , as to scorn to be carried off in haughty triumph , like a private person , by rough Liburnians .
ODE XXXVIII .
TO HIS SERVANT .
Boy , I detest the pomp of the Persians ; chaplets , which are woven with the rind of the linden , displease me ; give up the search for the place where the latter rose abides .
It is my particular desire that you make no laborious addition to the plain myrtle ; for myrtle is neither unbecoming you a servant , nor me , while I quaff under this mantling vine .
Continue ...
As reported today , on March 23 , 2009 , in The Sydney Morning Herald
" She told everyone that her husband had gone to the car races at Bathurst and never returned , " Mr Hobart said .
" Chant dumped her husband 's torso at a truck stop in Kiama , his arms and legs in the Georges River and his hands in a container that she filled with cement and dumped in a builders ' bin in Menai , Mr Hobart said . "
" She allegedly put his head in an esky , filled it with cement and buried it under a bird aviary in the backyard of her Revesby home , later disposing of it with the help of her son , Jamie Chant , who was then 19 . "
Another article that might interest you
Unless you ’ve been laid up in bed all this week , you ’ve heard that Apple is releasing a new iPhone 3G - S with an amazing array of features
But one you may not have heard of is a brilliant bridging between the iPhone and Zipcar .
These two are as they say peas in a pod , technology enhanced life ( style ) enhancements , for a demographic that I imagine likes that they get to both have what they want , when they want it , and do good by the planet at the same time .
Impressing your friends in the bargain is a fine dessert .
[ social_buttons ]
Much like the 3rdWhale app helps you locate green businesses in physical proximity to you , the upcoming Zipcar app will tell you where the nearest available cars are , allowing you to browse what ’s there , learn about them , how many people they ’ll fit , then when you ’ve decided , reserve it , getting directions how to get there .
As demonstrated in this video from the recent premier of this app , it then will honk the horn of your car as you approach , even open the door .
Yes , with an image of a key with buttons on your phone .
This is a wise move on both company ’s parts , as it helps further integrate with the user ’s life , allowing access and ease from any location , therefore encouraging more likelihood of making this sustainable choice of using a shared car , one that Zipcar has an interest in keeping running in optimum condition , therefore reducing unnecessary emissions , while minimizing the number of cars on the road .
And in an urban environment , cars with dedicated parking spots will collectively go a long way to even further reduce both emissions and traffic of those endlessly circling for a spot .
Readers :
What other useful integrations of mobile technology and green behavior have you seen ?
Comment below please !
[ social_buttons ]
Macpup 511
Macpup 511 is the latest and is based on puppylinux 5.1.1 , " Lucid Puppy " , An official woof build of puppy Linux that is binary - compatible with Ubuntu Lucid Lynx packages .
MP511 contains all the apps from Lucid puppy .
Extra apps like Firefox , Opera or Gimp are available for easy download from the Quickpet App on the ibar or the Puppy Package Manager .
MP511 also includes the Enlightenment E17 window manager .
The EFL libraries version 1.0.0 Beta and E17 version 52995 where compiled and installed from source ..
Please note that not all the options in the E17 system shutdown menu work with puppy linux .
That is why the exit menu was added .
This menu will also allow you to change window managers to Jwm or Icewm .
Close
Atom is a Haskell DSL for designing hard realtime embedded programs .
Based on conditional term rewriting , atom will compile a collection of atomic state transition rules to a C program with constant memory use and deterministic execution time .
New Owner at Side Street Studio
Hello ,
Now that everything is settling in I would like to properly introduce myself .
My name is Jill Fitz Hirschbold and I am the new owner of Side Street Studio .
I have lived on the Coast for 30 years and my formal education is in the Sciences .
I have a Diploma in Environmental Quality Control , a Bachelor of Science ; I ’m a Certified PADI Dive Master , a Paddleboard Instructor and spent 12 years working as a Laboratory Manager in Environmental Analytical Chemistry before starting a family .
When my daughters were born , in my early 40’s , I made the decision to leave my career to stay at home with them .
To be honest I could not have predicted what would come next .
Over the last 7 years I have created a home based business with my West Coast and Abstract Photography .
It extends from a line of photo gift cards to large format art sales and photography services .
I have participated in Studio Tours , Arts Shows ; have been a member of the Gage Gallery and for many years was represented by the Brentwood Bay Resort .
I have organized art shows from the conceptual theme , curated participating artists , hung the artwork , scheduled staff , facilitated sales and fully planned the opening nights .
My pieces have made their way to England , China and the US and many private residences in Western Canada .
I have participated and successfully sold at the Sooke Fine Arts show in 2015 / 17 .
I have also volunteered my photography skills to Raincoast Conservation , Greenpeace Canada , FraserFEST , Watershed Watch , Tour de Victoria , Swiftsure , Santa Shuffle , many other community events and donated works to the Banff Mid-Summers Ball 2014/15/16/17/18 , CNIB Art Appeal 2015 / 17 , Heart for Hospice 2015 , VGH / UBD Night of 1000 Stars Gala 2015 and YWCA Woman of Distinction Awards 2016 / 17 .
I have participated in over 20 shows and have self - published three books of my images paired with my writing .
You would think with all this and raising children it would be say enough but I was missing the daily interaction that comes with working outside the home .
Then this amazing opportunity came my way .
I have sold my cards at Side Street for many years so was very familiar with the Studio and the business model .
It is a perfect fit .
My goal is to continue to build on the vision and many years of hard work , by all of the previous owners , that has made the Studio a success .
To maintain the standard that is expected by customers when visiting the store and online , to keep all the artists that customers have come to know and love but also add in new talent so there is always something new to see .
I also hope to meet each of the British Columbia artists that are represented in the store and try and understand a bit about how their process works .
It is that personal connection that can be translated to the customer when we sell their handmade artwork .
This is truly the key to this success …
…
Art comes from the Heart .
My wonderful staff , Kathy , Jean , Samantha , Heather , Joanne Sheila , and I invite you to come down to the Studio and see what we have been up to .
Best ,
Jill
Note : Relevant updates will posted to the bottom .
By all means , read all the way to the end , where it gets interestinger and interestinger .
______________
Dr. George Tiller was murdered at his church this morning .
According to the New York Times :
Dr. Tiller , who had performed abortions since the 1970s , had long been a lightning rod for controversy over the issue of abortion , particularly in Kansas , where abortion opponents regularly protested outside his clinic and sometimes his home and church .
In 1993 , he was shot in both arms by an abortion opponent but recovered .
He had also been the subject of many efforts at prosecution , including a citizen - initiated grand jury investigation .
In the latest such effort , in March , Dr. Tiller was acquitted of charges that he had performed late - term abortions that violated state law .
The shooting occurred at around 10 a.m. ( Central time ) at Reformation Lutheran Church on the city ’s East Side , Dr. Tiller ’s regular church .
MSNBC ’s
Web site is reporting that authorities have a suspect in custody , although no details are yet available .
Of course , we ’re not a breaking news site and that ’s not what this story is about .
Instead , let ’s speculate a bit .
Here ’s the wager : the murderer will turn out to be a right - wing Christian terrorist .
I ’ll also offer a side bet : his media consumption includes the like of Rush Limbaugh , Sean Hannity , Ann Coulter , Michael Savage , Bill O’Reilly and / or Glenn Beck .
If I ’m wrong , check this space .
I ’ll gladly post an update noting my mistake .
But as of this moment , would you bet against me ?
Let ’s hypothesize that I ’m right for a second .
What does it mean ?
Well , in the short term it probably means nothing for the doctor , his family , colleagues and friends .
Whatever the reason , he ’s dead , and tragically so , and at times like this the what probably means a whole lot more than the why .
From a big - picture perspective , though , from the perspective of the culture war that has claimed another victim , the slobberingly ignorant wide - right nutjobs have given the cause of Progress another martyr , and in doing so have made the case against their reactionary jihad a little clearer than it was before .
Even in a nation as unrelentingly bassackwards as the US , the tide of enlightenment is slowly but surely washing them and their violent , Stone Age ideology away .
The repudiation of their 8,000 year - old code of ethics in the last election may well make them more dangerous for a time , but with each passing day more and more mainline Americans are standing and looking them dead in the eye , at last seeing them for what they are .
Your gutless thugs may assassinate a librul or two in church every now and again , especially if you ’re sneaky enough to catch them unawares .
You may win a school board battle or two .
But the war ?
The war is lost .
It ’s not about if , merely when .
I wo n’t bother with the arguments over why the Jesus ’s Jihadis are doing what they ’re doing .
We know those details , and our friend Sara Robinson predicted this very sort of terrorism less than a week ago .
Besides , I ’ve already had my say on why we ’re not having an honest conversation on abortion itself , and so far there ’s been no evidence whatsoever suggesting that I ’m wrong .
All I ’ll do is say , with 100 % certainty , that if I ’m right about what happened this morning in Wichita , our wild - eyed war god - worshiping right wing has done little more than pound another nail into its own coffin .
UPDATE 1 : Operation Rescue is apparently making the same assumptions that I am , offering a faux - condemnation of the assassination :
The anti-abortion group Operation Rescue , which has led numerous demonstrations at Tiller ’s clinic , condemned the shooting as a “ cowardly act . ”
“ Operation Rescue has worked for years through peaceful , legal means , and through the proper channels to see him brought to justice , ” the group said in a statement .
It offered its prayers for Tiller ’s family , “ that they will find comfort and healing that can only be found in Jesus Christ . ”
Why would I question the sincerity of the statement , you ask ?
On its Web site , Operation Rescue refers to Tiller as a “ monster ” who has “ been able to get away with murder . ”
And Operation Rescue founder Randall Terry , who is no longer affiliated with the group , called Tiller “ a mass murderer . ”
Find the dumbest mob possible , whip them into a lather , point them at Satan ’s personal emissary on Earth , and then play innocent when the predicatble happens .
Sure , why not .
UPDATE 2 : Hmmm .
This is n’t officially confirmed , but if it proves to be true … well , everything I said above , times 10 .
Finishing up our news from E3 , is an announcement made by Capcom .
Although a timeframe was n’t announced , Capcom is graciously offering PS3 owners the chance to play Lost Planet 2 early , with a demo .
Other than that announcement , no specific details were given .
Since Lost Planet 2 is scheduled for an early 2010 release , we can probably expect the demo late this year or early next year .
[ Source ]
Enlarge By Justin Sullivan , Getty Images Apple CEO Steve Jobs , who lives in Palo Alto , Calif. , was able to get on a shorter waiting list for a liver transplant , in Tennessee .
To get on a transplant center 's list , a prospective patient must be able to get to that center within seven or eight hours if an organ becomes available .
WAITING FOR ORGANS WAITING FOR ORGANS
The United Network for Organ Sharing 's waiting list for organ transplants surpassed 100,000 people last fall for the first time since the list 's creation more than 20 years ago .
Here 's a breakdown of who is waiting for what : • Total people on the list : 100,4571 • Kidney : 78,170
• Liver : 15,848
• Heart : 2,715
• Kidney / Pancreas : 2,238
• Lung : 2,010
• Pancreas : 1,578
• Intestine : 216
• Heart / Lung : 89 Waiting times • Less than 30 days : 3,155
• 30 to 89 days : 6,923
• 90 days to less than 6 months : 9,354
• 6 months to 1 year : 16,091
• 1 to 2 years : 23,557
• 2 to 3 years : 15,443
• 3 to 5 years : 16,475
• 5 or more years : 13,280 Source : Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network .
1 - The total is more than the number of people on the list because some people need multiple organs HEALTH UPDATES ON TWITTER HEALTH UPDATES ON TWITTER A celebrity like Apple CEO Steve Jobs scores a rare organ transplant and the world wonders : How ?
The rich have plenty of advantages that others do n't .
But winning the " transplant lottery " involves more than the size of your wallet — and true medical need .
A Tennessee hospital has confirmed that it performed a liver transplant for Jobs , putting him among the lucky 6,500 or so Americans each year who get these operations .
Nearly 16,000 others are waiting now for such a chance .
No one can buy a transplant — that 's against federal law .
And no one is suggesting that Jobs or the Memphis doctors who treated him bent any rules to show him favor .
The hospital said he was the sickest person waiting for a liver when one became available .
However , people who understand how the transplant system works , and who have the money to make the most of what they learn , have a leg up on getting the body part they need .
An Internet database — the Scientific Registry of Transplant Recipients — gives average wait times , success rates and other details on every transplant program in the nation .
" Anyone can go to that website and see which transplant centers transplant quicker than others , " said Dr. Anthony D'Alessandro , liver transplant chief at the University of Wisconsin - Madison .
Jobs , who lives in Palo Alto , Calif. , was able to get on a shorter waiting list , in Tennessee .
Here 's where money comes in .
To get on a transplant center 's list , a prospective patient must go there , be evaluated by the staff and have tests to confirm medical need .
If accepted , the patient must be able to get to that center within seven or eight hours if an organ becomes available .
That means renting or buying a place nearby or being able to afford a private jet , or $ 3,000 to $ 5,000 for a chartered plane , to fly in on short notice .
People also can get on as many wait lists as they like as long as they can travel there and meet the terms .
" It is at the transplant program 's discretion if they know it is a multiple listing " to accept someone already on another waiting list , said Joel Newman , a spokesman for UNOS , the United Network for Organ Sharing , which runs the nation 's transplant system .
Three different times , UNOS has considered banning or limiting multiple listings , most recently in 2003 .
But patients protested , saying they needed to go wherever they could to improve their odds , said D'Alessandro , who has headed UNOS panels on organ allocation .
It 's not known if Jobs was on more than one list .
He has an " excellent prognosis " after his transplant at Methodist University Hospital Transplant Institute in Memphis , said transplant chief , Dr. James Eason .
" He received a liver transplant because he was ... the sickest patient on the waiting list at the time a donor organ became available , " Eason said in a statement Tuesday night on the hospital 's website .
Apple declined to comment further .
Jobs , 54 , had surgery in 2004 for a rare form of pancreatic cancer , an islet cell neuroendocrine tumor .
Jobs said afterward that he was cured .
However , his health made headlines last summer , when reporters at a company conference saw he had lost a lot of weight .
In January , Jobs said he was suffering from an easily treatable hormone imbalance and would remain CEO .
Less than two weeks later , he said his medical problems were more complex , and that he would take a medical leave of absence through June , leaving Apple 's chief operating officer , Tim Cook , to run day - to - day operations of the Cupertino , California - based firm .
Several doctors without firsthand knowledge about Jobs ' health said the type of pancreatic cancer he had tends to be slow - growing .
When it spreads , it tends to land in the liver first .
The most likely scenario is that undetectable cancer cells traveled from the pancreas to the adjacent liver at the time of Jobs ' 2004 surgery , these experts said .
That type of cancer can often remain in the liver for years without causing symptoms , but can cause the kind of weight loss Jobs ' recently experienced .
Jobs had end - stage liver disease , meaning extensive liver damage had occurred .
Patients in such bad shape would get priority on any organ transplant list , and if Jobs did have a recurrence of cancer , that would give him even higher preference , said Dr. Roderich Schwarz a pancreatic cancer specialist at the University of Texas - Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas .
Liver transplants in such cases can cure the cancer , although patients remain at risk for another recurrence , Schwarz said .
In addition , the powerful immune - suppressing medicine they must take to keep the body from rejecting the transplanted liver also can increase their risks for recurrence .
Dr. Michael Porayko , medical director for liver transplants at Vanderbilt University , said a less common scenario would be that Jobs ' earlier surgery resulted in scarring or blockage of bile ducts , causing liver damage .
But he said Jobs ' doctors would have known to watch for and treat that , and he agreed that it 's much more likely Jobs ' cancer had spread to the liver .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
They must be joking .
That ’s the only possible explanation for this one , friends .
Either that , or maybe the folks in Washington just do n’t read the newspapers .
The FDA has just approved the antidepressant Lexapro for use in kids .
Just weeks before that , federal prosecutors accused its maker , Forest Laboratories , of illegally marketing that same drug , along with one other antidepressant , to kids .
The manufacturer was also accused of giving pediatricians kickbacks to get kids on these drugs .
And now , the FDA essentially rewards this behavior .
If you can see any logic in that , please drop me a line because I just ca n’t figure it out .
To me , it ’s like a gang of bank robbers getting caught in the vault .
And instead of being locked up , they ’re given the keys .
Lexapro already enjoys $ 2 billion more in annual sales – just how many more times are we going to let that cash register ring before someone notices this company is n’t playing by the rules ?
This was n’t some spontaneous act by the Justice Department in response to a one - time slip - up .
Their accusations came after a five - year probe of how Forest marketed Lexapro and another antidepressant , Celexa .
Five years !
They found the company was offering pediatricians everything from tickets to sporting events and Broadway shows to fishing trips and spa visits in exchange for giving these drugs to kids .
They also found that the company had ordered its sales force to push a positive study on Celexa and ignore one that showed it was ineffective for children .
Let ’s keep in mind that antidepressants are potentially dangerous drugs that sometimes cause nasty side effects .
Many come with black - box warnings because they ’ve been linked to increased suicide and suicidal behavior in youths .
If any drugs should be kept away from kids , it ’s these .
Antidepressants exist purely for symptom control .
They wo n’t cure depression or cause the body to create the additional serotonin it needs .
They just manipulate the serotonin you already have .
Often times , there are much better ways , not just for kids , but for everyone to treat their depression .
Everything from tryptophan to vitamin B to exercise can be just as effective as drugs like Lexapro , if not more so .
To me , the behavior of the company tells you everything you need to know about what they ’re selling .
When a business has to resort to shady and manipulative behavior to sell its product , then it ’s probably not a product you want to use , much less give to your children .
Related Articles
Pioneering investigations have thrown the first scientific light on the highly unusual case of Brooke Greenberg , a child from Baltimore , Maryland , who is 16 years old , but whose size and development corresponds to that of an infant of 11 months .
The hope is that the investigation will throw up new clues to ageing .
But the researchers involved say that Brooke ’s condition is not a reversed version of conditions that lead to premature ageing .
“ It ’s not the reciprocal , ” says Richard Walker of the University of South Florida College of Medicine in Tampa , Florida , and head of the group which this week published an analysis of Brooke ’s condition .
Varied growth
When Walker and his colleagues sequenced Brooke ’s DNA , they found that the genes associated with the premature - ageing diseases were normal , unlike the mutated versions in patients with Werner ’s Syndrome and progeria .
“ That was the first thing we looked at , ” he said .
Advertisement
Nor does the analysis support the idea that Brooke is somehow “ frozen - in - time ” , in perpetual infanthood .
Instead , Walker and colleagues found that different parts of her body and anatomy are maturing at different rates .
“ I think she has differential growth of her body , ” says Walker .
“ It ’s not growing like a unified organism , but in fragmented parts . ”
Her brain , for example , is scarcely more mature than that of a newborn infant .
Although she can recognise her mother and make gestures and noises to articulate her wishes , she ca n’t talk .
Yet her bones – although still abnormally short – are around 10 years old , as determined by the maturity of the cells and structures .
And despite being a teenager , she still has her baby teeth , with an estimated developmental age of about eight years .
Master gene ?
Investigations also trace some of her many medical problems , such as inability to swallow naturally without choking , to staggered growth of body systems that normally grow in unison and work together .
Because Brooke ’s respiratory and gastrointestinal systems do n’t coordinate , and because her food pipe is abnormally small , she ca n’t swallow properly and continues to be fed through a tube to her stomach .
Walker thinks that Brooke is the first recorded case of what he describes as “ developmental disorganization ” .
His hypothesis is that the cause is disruption of an as - yet unidentified gene , or genes , that hold the key to ageing by orchestrating how an organism matures to adulthood , reproduces , then gradually ages and dies .
Walker believes that Brooke lacks this “ regulator ” of development – first proposed in 1932 by British marine biologist , George Parker Bidder .
Like Bidder , Walker believes that the regulator guides organisms through to adulthood , but also works beyond then to orchestrate ageing and , eventually , death .
‘ Important leads ’
Walker says that Brooke ’s condition is the first that could give important leads to the identity of this master regulator .
He hopes that by investigating her condition further , and perhaps finding other cases , he may find additional clues and leads .
The elusive regulator must be very different to the genes that cause progeria and Werner ’s syndrome , Walker says .
The symptoms of these diseases arise not because a master gene controlling ageing is damaged , but because of mutations that give the appearance and manifestation of ageing through damage to genes governing function of specific biological structures .
In progeria , for example , the decisive damage is to a gene that makes lamin A , a protein located just under the nuclear membrane of a cell .
People with progeria have a mutated version of the gene which produces progerin , an abnormal and malfunctioning version of lamin A .
This results in the symptoms of premature ageing .
Wider search
Maria Eriksson of the Karolinska Institute in Sweden , who discovered the progeria mutation in 2003 , also thinks it unlikely that Brooke ’s condition relates to progeria , or to damage to the lamin A gene .
“ But if you assume she has a phenomenon of slowed development , or ceased ageing , it could be worth examining other genes related to increased life span , ” she says .
“ The klotho gene is an example of a gene , in mice , that when mutated leads to some symptoms of premature ageing , but when it ’s overactive , it extends lifespan , ” she says .
Other researchers have identified IGF - 1 as a gene linked with prolonged life in nematode worms , mice and humans .
Walker says that in subsequent studies , he will examine and compare Brooke ’s DNA in greater detail to check for clues .
Journal reference : Mechanisms of Ageing and Development DOI : 10.1016.j.mad.2009.02.003
The Department of Defense has identified 696 American service members who have died as a part of the Afghan war and related operations .
It confirmed the death of the following American on Thursday :
RICHARDSON , Ricky L. Jr. , 33 , Chief Warrant Officer , Marines ; Franklin , Mo. ; Third Marine Expeditionary Force .
Science fiction is all about discovery and invention , but only a few books have actually created whole new genres .
Here are 10 books that pioneered a new type of science - fictional story .
Do you have what it takes to join them ?
Advertisement
The genre : Military science fiction
The book : Starship Troopers by Robert A. Heinlein .
Actually , Wikipedia and Fandomania credit the earliest beginnings of military SF to George T. Chesney 's 1871 Germany - invades - England tale " The Battle Of Dorking " and George T. Griffith 's serialized " The Angel Of Revolution , " plus the works of H.G. Wells .
But the book that everybody refers to as the touchstone of military SF , the book which really launched the themes of futuristic interplanetary warfare and examining the military as a social entity , was Heinlein 's Starship Troopers .
As Fandomania 's survey puts it , this 1959 book " put Military Science Fiction on the radar . "
Advertisement
The genre : Cyberpunk
The book : Neuromancer by William Gibson .
There 's some debate about who really " invented " Cyberpunk as a genre .
As this cranky essay ( PDF ) notes , Asimov was the first writer to consider the ramifications of artificial intelligence seriously .
Bruce Sterling helped shape the genre with his 1986 anthology Mirrorshades .
Bruce Bethke invented the term " cyberpunk " with his 1980 short story called " Cyberpunk . "
But even Bethke admits :
I never claimed to have invented cyberpunk fiction !
That honor belongs primarily to William Gibson , whose 1984 novel , Neuromancer , was the real defining work of " The Movement . "
( At the time , Mike Swanwick argued that the movement writers should properly be termed neuromantics , since so much of what they were doing was clearly Imitation Neuromancer . )
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 " 8 K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Gibson 's Neuromancer gives us the fusion of noir with brain - computer interfaces and dystopian paranoia , which spawned so many imitators .
Advertisement
The genre : Gothic science fiction
The book : Frankenstein by Mary Shelley .
Commonly acclaimed as the first science fiction novel in general , Frankenstein was the first novel to meld the burgeoning gothic lit genre with the themes of abuse of science .
Brian Aldiss , in his seminal work of SF criticism The Billion - Year Spree , claims that SF was " born out of the gothic mode " with Frankenstein .
As CUNY professor Lilia Melani puts it :
In 1818 , Mary Shelley 's Frankenstein , or the Modern Prometheus introduced the theme of the dangers of science and created the obsessed scientist , who was to develop into the mad scientist , and the archetypal Monster .
Frankenstein has been called the first science fiction novel ; she of course thought she was writing a novel of terror .
Advertisement
Gothic science fiction has come to mean any science - fictional story with terrifying elements , a horrendous monster or some kind of science - fictional explanation for a horror trope , like vampires created by a bio-engineered plague .
Advertisement
The genre : First contact with an alien race
The book : Childhood 's End by Arthur C. Clarke .
This was a tough one - even if you only define " first contact " as being a scenario where human society , as a whole , comes into contact with an alien species ( and not just one solitary human explorer ) you still have tons of early stories about aliens showing up .
Some would say the earliest notable " first contact " novel is H.G. Wells '
The War Of The Worlds .
But let 's say that a crucial component of the " first contact " story is that the aliens are friendly - or at least reasonably well - intentioned .
Otherwise , you just have an invasion or war story .
In that case , Childhood 's End , with its super - advanced Overlords showing up and guiding humanity to a higher plane of existence and merger with the Overmind , although somewhat disturbing , is still a more benign story than Wells ' .
And thus a more proper precursor to books like Carl Sagan 's Contact and Octavia Butler 's Xenogenesis saga .
Advertisement
The genre : Utopian science fiction
The book : Stories of utopian futures are enjoying a bit of a resurgence , with the upcoming Shine Anthology pushing for a more optimistic futurism .
But the first future utopian novel ( as distinguished from , say , More 's Utopia , which is the account of a fictional realm ) is The Mummy ! : Or a Tale of the Twenty - Second Century by Jane C. Loudon .
In this happy future , everyone wears neon hats :
The ladies were all arrayed in loose trowsers , over which hung drapery in graceful folds ; and most of them caried on their heads , streams of lighted gas forced by capillary tubes , into plumes , fleurs - de - lis , or in short any form the wearer pleased ; which jets de feu had an uncommonly chaste and elegant effect .
Advertisement
Other wonders include " the steam - powered automaton surgeons and lawyers ( who speak briefs fed into tubes in their bodies ) and the delivery of letters by cannon - balls , which are shot into large nets erected in each village . "
She even predicts a sort of Internet .
Everyone travels around in giant blimps , and it's a happy , egalitarian society .
There 's also Edward Bellamy 's Looking Backward , in which a young man goes to sleep in 1887 and wakes up in the Socialist utopia of the year 2000 - Bellamy 's book may have been more influential , along with H.G. Wells ' A Modern Utopia .
( Thanks to Liz Henry for the suggestions . )
Advertisement
The genre : Apocalyptic fiction
The book :
The earliest apocalyptic novel is probably Shelley 's 1826 novel The Last Man .
But the first really popular novel of global devastation , and the one which helped to spawn a ton of imitators , is Nevil Schute 's 1957 novel On The Beach .
As you 'd expect from that date , it 's all about nuclear holocaust , which devastates the Northern Hemisphere and leaves the last survivors in Australia and New Zealand , drinking way too much wine while awaiting the end of everything .
It became a film and also helped shape our atomic anxiety into a rich seam of fiction that endures today in novels like The Road .
Advertisement
The genre : Steampunk
The book : Infernal Devices : A Mad Victorian Fantasy by K.W. Jeter .
Jeter not only invented the term steampunk , in an interview around the time this 1987 novel came out .
A weird comic twist on the Victorian adventure novel , Infernal Devices stars George , a young watchmaker who discovers that his father was the greatest inventor of all time - even creating a clockwork automaton version of George .
The clockwork duplicate of George plays the violin better than Paganini and has greater sexual prowess than George himself , leading to all sorts of wacky adventures as people mistake George for his automaton twin .
Other books that could claim to be steampunk pioneers include Anubis Gates by Tim Powers ( 1983 ) and Homunculus ( 1986 ) by James Blaylock .
But to be fair , the book that really popularized the steampunk genre was 1990's The Difference Engine by William Gibson and Bruce Sterling .
Advertisement
The genre : Time travel
The book : The Time Machine by H.G. Wells .
This is sort of a gimme , I guess .
The best - known early time - travel saga , and still one of the best , Wells ' story launched a whole flotilla of time vessels into the distant future as well as the past .
Like War Of The Worlds , it has been adapted into movies and various other formats , and the Eloi / Morlock dichotomy has become a sort of shorthand for a type of future dystopia rife with exaggerated social division .
Advertisement
The genre : Alternate history
The book : Histoire de la Monarchie universelle : Napoléon et la conquête du monde ( History of the Universal Monarchy : Napoleon And The Conquest Of The World . )
Screw those " Hitler wins World War II " books .
How about this popular " Napoleon won the Napoleonic wars " book , published back when Napoleon was still a living memory ?
Louis Geoffroy imagines Napoleon 's First French Empire defeating Russia and then going on to invade England in 1814 .
Result : Game over .
Napoleon rules the world .
Advertisement
The genre : Posthuman space opera
The book : Consider Phlebas by Iain M. Banks .
I have no idea what book launched the " space opera " genre originally - that might be a question for another day .
And there 's some debate over which book inspired the resurgence of space - opera books loosely called " the new space opera . "
But to me , it 's probably more accurate to call this genre " posthuman space - opera , " since it so frequently deals with artificial intelligences , augmented humans , beings who live for millions of years , and generally a set of characters who far exceed the capabilities of a regular human .
And for my money , the first really influential star - spanning novel about a civilization of A.I.s ( the Minds ) and superhumans whose concerns are much farther reaching than our pathetic horizons was 1987's Consider Phlebas .
I freely admit this may be a bit of personal bias showing through , since Phlebas was the first novel I read which really knocked my head off and made me see the awesome potential for this type of story .
Advertisement
So what are you waiting for ?
Go out there and create some more new genres !
Top image from Consider Phelbas cover .
Additional reporting by Alexis Brown .
• What is it : A new gullwing supercar that effectively replaces the Mercedes - Benz SLR
• Key facts : 6.2 - liter V - 8 with 571 horsepower ; 7 - speed dual - clutch transmission ; rear - wheel drive
• On sale : April 2010
• Price : $ 250,000 ( est . )
It 's been unveiled at the 2009 Frankfurt auto show , and in a few days , High Gear Media heads to Monterey and Laguna Seca to join up with the 2010 Mercedes - Benz SLS AMG for our first drive .
The SLS car is the successor to the current Benz SLR roadster and former coupe , but this time around , the German automaker 's put an emphasis on low weight to go with astonishing power , as it hunts down some of the track - ready luster that graces most Ferraris and Lamborghinis .
The new SLS AMG features a curb weight of 3,571 pounds thanks to an aluminum spaceframe , which also provides an almost perfect front - to - rear weight distribution of 48:52 percent .
&amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp;lt ; a href= " http://www.coveritlive.com/mobile.php?option=com_mobile&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;task=viewaltcast&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;altcast_code=fddcfb8faf " rel= " nofollow " &amp;amp ;amp ; amp ; amp ; amp;gt;2010 Mercedes - Benz SLS AMG : First Drive&amp ;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;amp;amp ;amp ; amp;gt ;
Inside the lightweight body , the SLS AMG offers up a single powertrain , an evolution of today 's big AMG V - 8 .
That 6.2 - liter mill produces a healthy 571 horsepower , along with 479 pound - feet of torque .
Through a 7 - speed dual - clutch transmission , and rear - wheel drive , the SLS AMG will accelerate from rest to 62 mph in a claimed 3.8 seconds -- Corvette ZR1 territory but shy of the stunning 3.3 - second times turned in by the Nissan GT - R and Porsche 911 Turbo .
A Race Start function controls power from launch to preserve driveline parts .
A top speed of 196 mph is also claimed , but a push to 200 mph in final development would n't come as a surprise , as the new gullwing supercar is expected to be the most capable Mercedes ever .
That gullwing body - - a heritage cue from the legendary Gullwings of the 1950s -- is a relatively long shape , with a stretched nose to accommodate the big V - 8 and a short deck featuring a configurable spoiler for high - speed stability .
The SLS AMG is 183 inches long and sports a wheelbase of 105.5 inches .
Carbon - ceramic brakes with 15.4 - inch front discs and 14.2 - inch rear discs are teamed with 19 - inch wheels and tires for stopping capability equal to the task .
2010 Mercedes - Benz SLS AMG
Styling is dominated by a new front - end treatment that evolves the current SL / SLK - Class shapes .
Inside , the dash is similar to that in the current SLR , but with richer finishes - - one of the chief complaints on the SLR centered on its somewhat pedestrian cabin .
The COMAND controller figures into the center console design , and will run climate and entertainment systems .
Mercedes will fit the cabin with leather , aluminum and chrome trim , and optionally , carbon - fiber trim , too .
The two - seat SLS AMG will be a limited production vehicle , with 3000 to 5000 units produced in all .
Standard features includes the COMAND system , leather trim , an electronic parking brake , headlamp assist , keyless ignition , PARKTRONIC , rain sensors , heated seats , AMG floor mats , cruise control , sports pedals and THERMOTRONIC .
Optional goodies include a 6 - disc DVD charger , Bang & Olufsen BeoSound AMG sound system , alarm , and several AMG paint schemes include the special Alubeam Silver .
AMG is also offering several performance modifications including a carbon - fiber bonnet , carbon side mirrors , carbon trim , stiffer suspension settings , forged 10 - spoke wheels , sports bucket seats and a performance steering wheel finished in leather and Alcantara .
The starting price in Germany is set at approximately $ 257,000 .
First U.S. sales will come in April 2010 .
We 'll be reporting live beginning Sunday , November 1 , from our first drive in California .
In the meantime , TheCarConnection.com has more photos at our 2010 Mercedes - Benz SLS AMG page , and even more details and video over at MotorAuthority 's Benz SLS pages .
Stay tuned .
Follow us on Twitter : @highgearmedia @carconnection @therealma @greencarreports and join our Facebook fan page
2010 Mercedes - Benz SLS AMG
-----------------------
Cruise the High Gear Media network !
TheCarConnection for experts reviews of every new vehicle ; MotorAuthority for luxury and performance - car news , reviews , and spy shots ; GreenCarReports for news and reviews of the latest earth - friendly cars ; CelebsandCars to see how the stars roll .
Finally , there 's a product that puts a wireless hotspot in your pocket : the MiFi , a battery - powered device the size of a thick business card that provides its own password - protected wireless network ( NYT 's David Pogue reviews here ) .
This is cool for all the obvious reasons -- with MiFi in your pocket , your computer , phone and iPod Touch are connected to the Internet whether you 're on a road trip or the beach .
But it 's especially cool for a reason Pogue does n't mention :
It could signal the end of cell phones .
That 's a big statement , so let 's back up a second .
Three weeks ago , I cited an argument that VoIP ( " voice over internet protocol " ) could replace cell phones because dialing over the internet is much cheaper than dialing through a national cell phone network .
The problem was , if you need the Internet to make calls , you 're going rely on Cosi shops and other hotspots for service .
Three weeks ago , you could n't live in a permanent wifi cloud .
Two weeks from now , you can .
That means that you wo n't need a cell phone -- or at least a cell phone plan .
As long as you have a device with a speaker and audio that can connect to the Internet , like an iPod Touch , you can use Skype to make all your calls because the service provider ( the Internet ) is always in your pocket .
Verizon plans to charge $ 40 a month for basic service .
Not a bad deal for all - you - can - eat browswing and calling over the Internet .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - A British Airways cabin crew member was taken to a London hospital as a precaution after developing flu - like symptoms on a flight from Mexico City , the airline said on Saturday .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
It was the first such reported precautionary measure in Britain since the emergence of a new flu strain that has killed up to 68 people in Mexico .
It has also infected at least 11 people in the United States .
The man has undergone tests , but the results are not expected back until at least Sunday .
No other crew members or passengers on the BA242 flight into Heathrow airport were detained .
“ He has flu - like symptoms and is responding well to treatment , ” a hospital spokesman said in a statement .
“ The patient was admitted directly to a side room and the hospital is scrupulously following infection control procedures to ensure there is no risk to any other individual in the hospital . ”
A Health Protection Agency ( HPA ) spokesman said in a statement : “ We are aware of a patient admitted to a London hospital with reported travel history to Mexico .
“ As a precautionary measure the patient is being tested for a range of respiratory and other illnesses in line with UK health guidance .
“ At present there have been no confirmed cases of human swine flu in the UK or anywhere in Europe . ”
The new flu strain -- a mixture of swine , human and avian flu viruses -- is still poorly understood and the situation is evolving quickly , the World Health Organisation said .
The HPA said it was working with the British government to review the situation in Mexico and any threat it may pose to public health in Britain .
“ There is currently a very low level of flu activity in the UK , ” it said on its Web site .
“ The HPA and the NHS ( National Health Service ) have systems in place , which will alert public health authorities of any unusual strain circulating in the UK . ”
There was currently no travel restrictions on those planning to visit the affected areas of Mexico or the United States , it said .
" How to sound good to my fellow humanzees : talk about love , equality , friendship , peace , freedom and happiness . "
And if you 're smart , keep an assault rifle under the floorboards and get ready for the collapse .
All societies die this way ; they literally usher themselves into oblivion through pleasant comments made to socialize , which then causes such comments to become demanded as the " norm , " and reality demonized .
How does anything die ?
It stops adapting to reality .
Humans , who can program each other with memes , can simply make reality less preferable than socially - accepted norms like the absolute universals above : peace , love , equality , friendship , freedom , happiness .
They 're not plans .
They 're not even reasonable ends .
They 're qualities and methods , but we so badly want to fit in that we make them into ends .
Reality does n't agree , and we begin the fall .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The Australian government says it will push back a planned carbon emissions trading scheme ( ETS ) by a year .
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd said the delay was necessary because of the poor economic climate .
But he also suggested that Australia could pursue tougher emissions reductions targets if an international deal was reached .
The ETS , which has been criticised by both industrial and environment groups , was due to launch in July 2010 .
Business say the scheme will delay economic recovery and lead to job losses .
The environmental lobby , meanwhile , says that the targets are not tough enough .
Australia has the highest per capita emissions in the developed world and coal is its biggest export .
' Appropriate response '
In a speech in Canberra , Mr Rudd said that the carbon trading scheme - requiring industrial polluters to buy licences to emit carbon - would be pushed back until July 2011 .
" The worst global recession since the great depression means we must adapt our climate change measures but not abandon them , " he said .
A one - year fixed price period would be introduced for the first year , he said , with carbon permits costing A$ 10 ( $ 7 , £ 5 ) per tonne , followed by a floating price until July 2013 .
" This , we believe represents an appropriate response to current uncertainty , " he said .
But - in a move aimed at the environment lobby - Mr Rudd said that the range of the emissions reduction target could be increased up to 25 % of 2000 levels if other nations agreed similar targets .
The previous target was to reduce emissions by between 5 and 15 % of 2000 levels by 2020 .
Mr Rudd needs the support of Greens senators to pass the carbon trading legislation .
He admitted that he had been under pressure from industry and the resources sector to delay the scheme , reports the BBC's Nick Bryant , in Sydney .
He also conceded that there had been international pressure on Australia to make deeper cuts in emissions .
The policy changes reflect the difficulties of reconciling the needs of the domestic economy against global expectations , our correspondent says .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Everyone is looking for something to say about Iran .
The neoconservatives are predictably hailing the march of democracy on the streets of Tehran for reasons of their own , while hawks like Senators John McCain and Lindsay Graham are calling on the Obama Administration to do something to help anyone tagged as a reformer .
More moderate voices are generally supporting President Barack Obama ’s initial show of restraint , avoiding any open support of either side , and only condemning the violence because it is disproportionate and due to the suffering it has caused .
Still others are calling on the United States to avoid any interference of any kind .
The non-interventionists themselves fall into two camps : the constitutionalists and libertarians believe that interfering in other people ’s quarrels is intrinsically problematical because as John Quincy Adams said , " America does not need to go abroad in search of monsters to destroy . "
Realists argue that interventions by the United States rarely turn out well , citing the cases of Vietnam , Bosnia , Lebanon , Iraq , and Somalia and more .
Having spent much of my working life as an intelligence officer on the street in places like Istanbul , I am astonished at what passes for expertise in the debate over what to do about Iran .
It is clear that even the few genuine experts on Iran do n’t really know what is going on there because they are slaves to their sources of information , which tend to reflect their own philosophical viewpoints and are , in any event , narrowly based .
It is conventional wisdom in most of the US media that the Iranian election was stolen , the result of massive fraud .
But was it ?
Opinion polls conducted by a US - based organization several weeks before the polling predicted an Ahmadinejad victory .
The president is hugely popular among poor rural Iranians and also enjoys overwhelming support for his defense of Iran ’s right to develop nuclear energy .
Elections are very complex affairs and how a talking head sitting in Washington , breathlessly interpreting grainy texting images , can even pretend to understand what is going on in Iran and why defies all logic , particularly if the expert in question speaks no Farsi and probably would have difficulty in locating Isfahan on a map .
Mir Hossein Mousavi is a reformer and modernist , is n’t he ?
Perhaps not .
He has always been extremely conservative in his political alignments .
As Prime Minister in 1981 - 9 , he was regarded as a hardliner .
He started Iran ’s nuclear program , helped found Hezbollah and may have directed the attack on the Marine barracks in Beirut .
He is , in reality , a defender of extremely corrupt vested interests .
That he has attracted the support of the so - called " Gucci crowd " of twentyish twitterers does not mean that he has embraced western values .
As president , he would not abandon nuclear energy and would not immediately begin to talk nice to Barack Obama .
His reformer credentials are pretty much non-existent , the creation of a media and an engaged punditry that wants to explain the Iran crisis in terms that a European or American audience would find comfortable .
And then there is the corruption issue , Iran ’s six hundred pound gorilla .
Mousavi is heir to the corrupt Iran of the post - revolutionary period when the country was looted by the senior clerics cooperating with the business class , the bazaaris .
Some intelligence sources believe that Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who has been demonized by the western media , is actually the reformer in that he has taken on the country ’s pervasive corruption with the full support of Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , the Supreme Leader .
Massive corruption has been business as usual in Iran , frequently managed by politicians who have called themselves reformers .
Another so - called reformer , who is the money man behind Mousavi , is former Iranian Majlis speaker Akhbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , nicknamed " the Shark . "
Rafsanjani is a billionaire who controls large sectors of the country ’s economy , to include a chain of private universities which became the source of the young organizers who brought the twitterers out on the street .
If there was one thing I learned from twenty years of experience as a military intelligence and CIA officer it is that nothing is ever what it seems .
If a situation appears to be clear cut , with good guys and bad guys arrayed against each other it is probably anything but .
So maybe black and white comes out gray .
All the more reason to step back .
The interventionists from both left and right do not make it clear what the United States should do to help the " reformers . "
Perhaps that is just as well as the only options would be to hurl empty threats , start bombing , or initiate yet another CIA covert action to destabilize the regime , ignoring the lessons of the CIA ’s 1953 debacle , and with the predictable and contrary result of actually strengthening the clerics and their rule .
Change by evolution is better than by revolution .
Both metamorphoses are underway in Iran : one is immediate and reactionary and , perhaps necessarily , more graphic and even grim .
The other suggests the possibility that long - lasting change might happening in Tehran — if outside influences do not upset the sensitive process of transformation .
As is frequently the case , those who would do nothing probably have it right , whether arguing for constitutional reasons or as realists .
Iran and its elections is an issue that we do not and cannot understand and it is ultimately an issue that has to be decided by the Iranian people .
Rightly or wrongly , outside interference in what is taking place on the streets of Tehran will be exploited by the regime to deflect any legitimate criticism , making any change even less likely .
The old Hippocratic advice to doctors to " do no harm " should perhaps be the best advice for the American political chattering classes and the media .
Doing no harm regarding events in Iran is to stay out of it .
Courtesy of the American Conservative Defense Alliance
Windows Vista , even before the advent of SP1 , namely as RTM , while it had its sins when it came down to compatibility and support , was extremely stable in comparison to Windows XP .
However , given the necessary amount of abuse and the right triggers , Vista reliability can suffer just as much as its precursors .
It is the case of repeated hot - unplugs of USB devices , which can easily lead to Vista Service Pack 1 and Service Pack 2 crashing .
A hot unplug refers to the action of disconnecting a USB device from a machine without turning to the Safely Remove Hardware feature .
Windows Server 2008 RTM and SP2 are also affected by this problem , the Redmond company revealed .
The software giant indicated that it is sufficient to surprise remove a USB device several times in order to cause a crash of the operating system .
“ After you plug the USB device into the USB port in this scenario , the device does not appear in Device Manager .
Additionally , the device does not work .
If you try to shut down the computer on the Start menu , or if you make additional surprise removal attempts , the system generates the following Stop error message and then automatically restarts : Stop 0x000000 FE ( Parameter1 , Parameter2 , Parameter3 , Parameter4 ) , ” Microsoft explained , emphasizing that Stop 0x000000 FE errors could have additional causes .
The parameters returned by such an error message vary from computer to computer , as they are machine - dependent .
It turns out that the Safely Remove Hardware feature in Windows can help end users mitigate this issue completely .
Otherwise , Microsoft is also offering a hotfix designed to resolve the problem .
Users will have to access it directly from the Redmond company , and only if they have come across this particular scenario .
“ This problem occurs because the USB hub driver ( Usbhub.sys ) does not correctly handle the surprise removal requests of USB devices , ” the software giant added .
Windows Server 2008 Service Pack 2 and Windows Vista Service Pack 2 - Five Language Standalone ( KB948465 ) is available for download here .
Windows Server 2008 Service Pack 2 and Windows Vista Service Pack 2 - Five Language Standalone for x64 - based systems ( KB948465 ) is available for download here .
While demonstrators gather in the streets to contest Iran 's rigged election , online backers of the so - called " Green Revolution " are looking to strike back at the Tehran regime – by attacking the government 's websites .
Pro-democracy activists on the web are asking supporters to use relatively simple hacking tools to flood the regime 's propaganda sites with junk traffic .
" NOTE to HACKERS - attack www.farhang.gov.ir - pls try to hack all iran gov wesites [ sic ] .
very difficult for us , " Tweets one activist .
The impact of these distributed denial of service ( DDOS ) attacks is n't clear .
But official online outlets like leader .ir , ahmadinejad.ir , and iribnews .ir are currently inaccessible .
" There are calls to use an even more sophisticated tool called BWraep , which seems to exhaust the target website out of bandwidth by creating bogus requests for serving images , " notes Open Society Institute fellow Evgeny Morozov .
In both Iran and abroad , the cyberstrikes are being praised as a way to hit back against a regime that so blatantly engaged in voter fraud .
But some observers warn that the network strikes could backfire – hurting the very protesters they 're meant to assist .
Michael Roston is concerned that " it helps to excuse the Iranian regime ’s own cyberwarfare . "
Text - messaging networks and key opposition websites mysteriously went dark just before the election .
Morozov worries that it " gives [ the ] hard - line government another reason to suspect ' foreign intervention ' – albeit via computer networks – into Iranian politics . "
Iran has one of the world 's most vibrant social media communities .
That 's helping those of us outside Iran follow along as this revolution is being YouTubed , blogged , and Tweeted .
But Iran 's network infrastructure there is relatively centralized .
Which makes Internet access there inherently unstable .
Programmer Robert Synott worries that if outside protesters pour too much DDOS traffic into Iran , carriers there " will simply pull the plug to protect the rest of their network . "
For the moment , however , those connections are still live .
And activists are using them to mobilize mass protests in Tehran .
Opposition leader Mir Hossein Mousavi has just appeared .
Tens of thousands of protesters are chanting " ' No fear , No fear , we are with each other . ' "
Meanwhile , universities are recovering from assaults by pro-regime goons .
Students were bloodied .
Memory cards and software were swiped by police .
Computers were smashed .
ALSO :
A few years ago , while enjoying Hogmanay in Edinburgh ’s Prince ’s Street , I needed to sneak off to a discreet location for a quiet piss .
This is when I was lucky enough to break my thumb while falling soberly down a flight of stone stairs .
I did n’t pay much attention to my injury until , a couple of days later , my hand turned black .
So I went to hospital .
Eventually a nurse turned up to admit me for the night , and started to fill in the admission form .
It started off simple enough , but then that ’s no guarantee of anything :
Nurse : Name ?
I told her my name , which she wrote down verbatim .
Nurse : Date of birth ?
I told her that , and she faithfully transcribed my answer .
Nurse : Address ?
I told her .
She wrote it down without question , as she did with all the following questions , until :
Nurse : Religion ?
Me : None .
Nurse :
So you ’re an Atheist then [ starts to write ‘ Atheist ’ in the little box ’ ] .
Me : Err… no .
I did n’t say Atheist , did I ?
Nurse : Well … if you believe that God does n’t exist , then you ’re an Atheist .
Me :
That ’s my second reason for not saying ‘ Atheist ’ .
Nurse :
What do you mean ‘ second reason ’ ?
Me : I mean that it ’s my second reason .
Nurse :
What ’s the first reason ?
Me : Well , you asked me ‘ religion ? ’ and I said ‘ none ’ .
But you decided to change my answer , and I ’d prefer it if you did n’t do that .
Nurse :
But you ’re an Atheist .
Me :
You asked me what my religion was , and I said ‘ none ’ because Atheism is n’t a religion .
Nurse :
But you believe God does n’t exist , so you ’re an Atheist .
Me : No .
It is n’t that I BELIEVE God DOESN ’T exist .
It ’s that I DON ’T believe God DOES exist .
Atheism is n’t a religion .
It is n’t a belief .
It ’s an ABSENCE of belief .
So I ’d appreciate it if you just put ‘ NONE ’ down on that form .
Nurse :
But what ’s the difference ?
Me : Can you just please put MY answer down on that form ?
Nurse : Why ?
Me : Are you religious ?
Nurse : Yes .
Me : Right .
Here ’s the difference .
Lots of Christians have started this little trick of trying to redefine Atheism as a belief rather than a lack of belief , probably because it ’s far easier to attack a belief than a lack of belief .
It changes the nature of the question , so that Atheists are put in the position of defending and providing evidence for their position .
Well I have no belief to defend .
It ’s self - explanatory ; I do not need to provide evidence for NOT believing in something for which there is no direct or indirect evidence .
It ’s people like YOU who have to find justification for what really IS a belief .
Yes ?
Nurse : I ’m supposed to put Atheist down .
Me : No you ’re not !
I ’m the one who ’s meant to be filling in the form !
I ’m entitled to put down whatever I want !
… In fact , why ARE you filling in the form for me ?
Nurse : Because you ’ve broken your thumb .
Me : I ’ve broken the thumb on my left hand .
Nurse : Yes .
Me : But I ’m right handed .
Samuel Wurzelbacher was launched into the public arena after Senator John McCain used him as an example of an average American during a presidential debate last fall .
" Joe the Plumber " quickly became a celebrity because he questioned then - candidate Barack Obama about his small business tax policy during a stop in Ohio .
Now , Wurzelbacher travels the country promoting his book , campaigning for candidates , and speaking at conservative rallies .
Wurzelbacher spoke with Christianity Today at an event near Chicago .
Why does conservatism appeal to you as a Christian ?
Conservatism is about the basic rights of individuals .
God created us .
As far as the government goes , the Founding Fathers based the Constitution off of Christian values .
It goes hand - in - hand .
As far as the Republican Party ?
I felt connected to it because individual freedom should not be legislated by the federal government .
One thing I 've been thinking about is taking the social issues out of national politics .
For example , if Georgia wanted abortion and Alabama did n't , that 's going to be up to the people in Georgia .
I can't sway them .
Would I give them advice not to ?
Absolutely .
Would I say it 's wrong ?
Yes .
I 'll go to Alabama where they say , " I do n't want abortion . "
Trying to get 350 million people to agree on an issue is not going to happen .
That way , people can live the way they want to as opposed to being imposed on by the federal government .
In the last month , same - sex marriage has become legal in Iowa and Vermont .
What do you think about same - sex marriage at a state level ?
At a state level , it 's up to them .
I do n't want it to be a federal thing .
I personally still think it 's wrong .
People do n't understand the dictionary it 's called queer .
Queer means strange ...
1
( Repeats to broaden distribution )
* Proposal voted down largely along party lines
* State controller says may have to issue IOUS next week ( Adds quotes from both sides , other details )
SACRAMENTO , June 24 ( Reuters ) - The California Legislature on Wednesday voted down $ 11 billion in cuts to state services , sending members back to the drawing board as they grapple with a $ 24 billion budget gap .
The proposal failed largely along party lines in both the Assembly and state Senate , as expected , with Republicans saying it fell far short of the savings needed and amounted to posturing by Democrats .
Controller John Chiang said earlier on Wednesday that he will have to begin issuing IOUs next week if the gridlocked Legislature and Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger cannot agree on a budget .
“ This is June the 24th and this is serious business , and if ( the Republicans ) position is that they do not want the state to go into IOUs then we need to see how they would make up the magic number of 24 billion , ” Senate Democratic leader Darrell Steinberg said .
“ If this is some sort of a thing to see whether or not we will blink ... you ca n’t see them but I actually have toothpicks holding my eyes open , ” he said .
But Republican leader Dennis Hollingsworth called for both sides to get back to the bargaining table .
“ We think that we need to get back to work , solve the entire problem and we need to do that very quickly before we run out of money , ” he said .
Hollingsworth also called on Democrats to agree to much deeper cuts that were proposed by Schwarzenegger .
“ All of the cuts that were rejected by the majority party that the governor proposed are things that unfortunately have to be done , ” he said .
“ We ca n’t afford some of those things when we ’re talking about revenues that are back to where we were in 1999 or 2000 .
Moody ’s Investors Service has warned that California could face a “ multi- notch ” downgrade in its credit rating , citing the state ’s expected massive shortfall for fiscal 2010 of more than 20 percent of its general fund budget and limited options for plugging it .
Schwarzenegger and lawmakers face the task of closing a $ 24.3 billion budget deficit for the state ’s fiscal year beginning on July 1 .
The gap was opened by the state ’s most severe drop in revenues since the Great Depression , including a steep decline in personal income taxes and sagging retail activity as consumers reined in spending , and the long - running downturn in housing .
Rising joblessness is also weighing on the state .
Its unemployment rate jumped to 11.5 percent in May from 6.8 percent a year earlier .
( Writing by Dan Whitcomb ; Editing by Diane Craft )
One of my favorite sources of active mining is that of Peter - Paul Koch digging in to mobile browsers and how they behave .
Sponsored by Vodaphone to do a study of various mobile devices and their respective browsers , PPK has been doing some serious analysis of what the landscape looks like .
Armed with a battery of tests he analyzes the various browsers manually ( a painstaking task ) but it yields some sweet fruit :
He breaks down the results into three areas ( note :
The results are very much still a work in progress , as noted by PPK , so please be aware of that before making any specific decisions on implementation or usability ) :
Mobile JavaScript/CSS
Tests –
These are the most comprehensive tests , analyzing a number of common DOM methods , Ajax , touch events , keyboard events , font styling , and custom events .
Scanning the tables of results should be able to give you a pretty good picture of what mobile browsers are like .
Mobile CSS – Covering everything from CSS selectors ( new and old ) along with basic and advanced styling techniques .
Mobile W3C CSSOM – Covers aspects like screen size , mouse position , document size , and scroll offset .
In general , the results are terribly painful .
The majority of the devices and browsers available today are a complete mess .
Thankfully smart devices are making solid inroads bringing along good - quality browsers ( WebKit - based browsers and Opera Mobile ) but it ’s going to be a while before those devices are widely available .
Peter - Paul gave two follow - up talks on mobile browser testing , at Google and at Yahoo , that are worth watching , for additional details .
Google Talk on Mobile Browsers
Yahoo Talk ( also discusses mobile browsers )
PPK is also organizing the Fronteers conference , taking place this fall in Amsterdam .
I plan on attending and speaking , as well .
In a typical day , I might write two tweets , peruse 15 blogs ( Jason Kottke and Penelope Trunk are two must - reads ) , and watch James Brown dance on YouTube .
If it ’s a really fun day , I ’ll read more blogs , scour the Web for movie reviews , browse eBay , Google myself , and spend more time on Twitter .
None of this costs me a penny , and yet I am producing plenty — namely , my own interest and amusement .
More and more , “ production ” — that word my fellow economists have worked over for generations — has become interior to the human mind rather than set on a factory floor .
A tweet may not look like much , but its value lies in the mental dimension .
You use Twitter , Facebook , MySpace , and other Web services to construct a complex meld of stories , images , and feelings in your mind .
No single bit seems weighty on its own , but the resulting blend is rich in joy , emotion , and suspense .
This is a new form of drama , and it plays out inside us — with technological assistance — rather than on a public stage .
Online , you can literally create your own economy .
By that , I mean you can build an ordered set of opportunities for prosperity and pleasure , analogous to a traditional economy but held in your head .
There is no obvious monetary transaction , but you ’re using your limited resources to get a better deal — the very essence of economics .
In fact , “ economics ” comes from oikonomia , the ancient Greek word for household management , and the modern practice of economics is returning to that idea .
The traditional gauge of economic success is profit , but over time we ’ll find that such statistics as measures of GDP tell us less and less about broader efforts to improve human well - being .
Much of the Web ’s value is experienced at the personal level and does not show up in productivity numbers .
Buying $ 2 worth of bananas boosts GDP ; having $ 20 worth of fun on the Web does not .
And this effect is a big one .
Each day more enjoyment , more social connection , and , indeed , more contemplation are produced on the Web than had been imagined even 10 years ago .
But how do we measure those things ?
That question — and I do n’t yet have a full answer — reflects the state of flux we ’re in today .
We ’re going through a lot of adjustments , and not just in real estate and finance .
Free stuff on the Web has made this economic downturn more severe .
For many of us , the Web really is more fun than a trip to the store , which makes it easier for us to cut our spending .
Although the iPhone has been earning lots for Apple , our spending on high - tech goodies does not make up for falling demand elsewhere .
A PC and broadband cost something , but for those millions who have paid up , further exploration is essentially free .
Nor do most Web activities generate jobs and revenue at the rate we saw with past technological marvels .
When Ford was growing early in the 20th century , it created millions of jobs and helped to build Detroit into a top - tier city .
Today , Facebook creates lots of voyeuristic pleasure , but much of the “ work ” is done by software and servers , and the firm has n’t transformed Palo Alto .
Web 2.0 is not filling government coffers or supporting many families — and may be hurting some .
( Just ask a newspaper reporter . )
Everyone on the Web has heard of Twitter , but as of this spring , fewer than 50 people work there .
That all sounds scary , yet there is a bright side ; I call it the “ human capital dividend . ”
The reallocation of consumer time into the “ free sector ” on the Web will liberate the efforts of many producers and intermediaries , just as the automobile ’s advent shifted workers out of making buggies for the horse .
In fact , it ’s an economic miracle that Twitter can get by with no more than 50 employees .
It ’s not quite a perpetual - motion machine , but if other parts of the economy were equally efficient , we ’d all be swimming in free or near - free stuff .
Within 20 seconds of encountering a beautiful woman , men have been shown to have a surge of two hormones : testosterone and cortisol .
This makes good sense , evolutionarily speaking .
As I describe in BLONDES , hormones mirror the subconscious mind .
Testosterone promotes assertiveness and reflects increased sexual desire .
Cortisol focuses motivation .
Women are the choosier of the sexes , which means — generally , of course — that the onus is on men to flaunt and flatter or take other action to attract the woman .
But what do women do when they see an attractive man ?
The same thing .
Far from being passive observers , women also experience a hormonal riot within seconds of seeing a hot guy .
This is true even if the man is an actor in a film , as indicated in a new study led by neuroscientist Hassan Lopez at Skidmore College .
Lopez and his team showed 120 women one of four 20 - minute videos , each with a different scenario : 1. ) an attractive man courting a woman ( a clip from The Notebook starring Ryan Gosling ) exhibiting a dominant social presence , risk - taking , kindness to children , faithfulness , confidence , and humor 2 . ) a nature documentary about caves ; 3 . ) an unattractive older man ( Jack Nicholson ) courting a woman 4 . ) an attractive woman ( Cameron Diaz ) with no man present .
Saliva samples were taken right before and after each viewing .
Of all four groups , only the women watching the hot , desirable , “ high mate value ” guy trying to seduce a woman had a surge of testosterone and cortisol .
The higher the hormones , the stronger the romantic / sexual interest the women reported .
( Interestingly , women on birth control pills only experienced a cortisol surge , not testosterone , apparently because the pill suppresses the hormone .
Naturally - cycling women also reported a greater willingness to engage in sexual activity and enter a relationship with the attractive man .
This may be due to stronger hormonal surges in women who are n’t on the Pill or the fact that more Pill - takers are already taken . )
The study reminds us that hormones help both sexes focus and flirt more effectively , and a surge at the sight of an attractive prospect may change our moods in an instant .
But what threshold must be met to trigger such a surge ?
Do women with higher baseline testosterone and cortisol levels respond faster and get turned on easier ?
Are high testosterone men more effective in raising women ’s hormones ?
Could taking the Pill really decrease your natural attraction to handsome strangers ?
And when two people mutually elevate each other ’s hormones within seconds , is that considered love at first sight — or just lust ?
Back in February –when even the mainstream media was convinced the capitalist economy was in full - blown meltdown mode–Newsweek magazine ran an article titled “ Why there wo n’t be a revolution . ”
Newsweek wanted to reassure the rich–and convince working people –that the masses were n’t getting ready to dust off their pitchforks and head to the town square .
“ Americans might get angry sometimes , ” they wrote , “ but we do n’t hate the rich .
We prefer to laugh at them . ”
Newsweek could n’t be more wrong .
The 10 percent of Americans who rely on food stamps , the 25 percent of Ohioans who are waiting in lines at food banks , the 500,000 people who lost their jobs last month and the millions more who ca n’t find work –these people are n’t laughing .
And plenty of Americans–rightly –hate the rich .
While our homes go into foreclosure , while our credit card rates go up , while our jobs disappear and college tuition shoots up , the well - heeled “ masters of the universe ” on Wall Street are still making out like bandits , but now with hundreds of billions of dollars in taxpayer money , courtesy of the Obama administration .
A lot more people would be even angrier if the mainstream media reported the truth about the rich and powerful in America–who they are and how they “ made it ” to the top .
Consider the 10 richest people in the country as of last September , according to the annual Forbes magazine list .
Number 10-9
The Koch Brothers
Charles Koch ( $ 19 billion ) and David Koch ( $ 19 billion )
Studies show that the most likely job of any child is that of their parents .
If your mom or dad is a janitor , you ’re more likely to be a janitor than anything else , according to the statistics .
Charles and David Koch are no exception to the rule–only much luckier .
Like their father , Fred Koch , they run the largest privately owned energy company in the U.S. Koch Industries –with annual revenues nearing $ 100 billion –is also one of the biggest polluters in history .
Fred founded Koch Industries in 1940 , and during the Second World War , he made a bundle helping the USSR ’s ruler Joseph Stalin build up an energy infrastructure in his country .
After the war , however , Fred “ saw the light ” and became one of the founders of the right - wing anti-Communist John Birch Society , which helped whip up a hysteria during the McCarthyite witch - hunts of the 1950s .
When Charles and David took over the family business , they also took over dad ’s right - wing political projects .
The Koch Brothers fund a host of conservative groups through the Koch Family Foundations .
They founded the pro-corporate libertarian Cato Institute , and David Koch was the vice - presidential candidate of the Libertarian Party in 1980 .
The brothers also provide money to Americans for Prosperity , the outfit that helped organize the right - wing “ tea parties ” earlier this year and that toured non-plumber Samuel Wurzelbacher ( a.k.a. Joe the Plumber ) through Pennsylvania to present a “ working - class ” speaker against the Employee Free Choice Act , legislation that would make it easier for working people to organize unions .
Number 8
Michael Bloomberg
Net worth : $ 20 billion
Before more or less buying the New York City mayor ’s office ( so far , he ’s spent just under $ 150 million on his mayoral campaigns ) , Michael Bloomberg accrued his fortune by wiring the country ’s financial system through his software services company .
Bloomberg LP ’s “ Market Master ” terminals helped make possible the complex computerized trading that became commonplace before the 2008 financial crash .
But the recession has been good to Bloomberg , too .
Since 2007 , he went from “ only ” 147th on the list of richest Americans to eighth place .
Bloomberg tries to present the image of a philanthroper and down - to - earth businessman , but his reign has proved to be a disaster for poor and working - class New Yorkers .
He has given millions of dollars to charities in New York City , but the sum is paltry compared to his overall net worth–and his contributions have also tied up city nonprofits with the political interests of the billionaire mayor .
Bloomberg likes to tout the fact that he does n’t live in Gracie Mansion – the traditional home of New York City mayors–but aside from his apartment in Manhattan , he owns multiple homes in Britain and Bermuda .
As mayor , he ’s pushed through massive service cuts and layoffs in New York City ( even before the onset of the current crisis ) , closing down day care centers , health clinics and worse .
Now , claiming a $ 500 million budget shortfall–which he could easily cover himself and still be a multibillionaire –he plans more painful cuts .
In truth , Bloomberg is n’t the mayor of the majority of New Yorkers .
He ’s the mayor of moneyed Wall Street interests .
Number 7 - 4
The Waltons
Christy Walton ( $ 23.2 billion ) , Alice Walton ( $ 23.2 billion ) , Sam Robson Walton ( $ 23.3 billion ) , Jim Walton ( $ 23.4 billion )
The Waltons earned their money the old - fashioned way –they inherited it .
They struck it rich when papa Sam Walton , founder of the low - wage union - busting Wal - Mart chain , kicked the bucket .
Wal - Mart is the largest corporation in the world–so Sam Walton ’s heirs are some of the wealthiest people in the world .
As labor author Nelson Lichtenstein described the company :
With sales approaching $ 300 billion a year , Wal - Mart has revenues larger than those of Switzerland .
It operates more than 5,000 stores worldwide , more than 80 percent of them in the United States … It employs more than 1.5 million workers around the globe , making Wal - Mart the largest private employer in Mexico , Canada and the United States .
Wal - Mart became the behemoth it is today by driving down the wages of its own employees–and by using its weight in the market to pressure suppliers to drive down wages for their workers .
Prior to Wal - Mart ’s rise , labor comprised about 30 percent of total costs for an average retail company .
Wal - Mart drove down labor ’s share to 15 percent .
One important way Sam Walton did this was by fostering a corporate culture of messianic opposition to labor unions .
Wal - Mart managers are under constant pressure to keep the union out .
When unions do get a foothold–as they did recently in Quebec and Mexico , and 10 years ago with butchers at a Wal - Mart in Jacksonville , Texas –the company has closed down stores , or in the case of the butchers , simply abolished the department .
The impact on employees is obvious .
Only a minority of “ associates ” is covered by the company health care plan , and Wal - Mart was publicly embarrassed by revelations that it encouraged workers to go on welfare to subsidize their meager wages and benefits .
In the 1950s –the era of the so - called “ American Dream ” –General Motors was the largest employer in the country .
Strong unions helped GM workers win decent wages and good benefits .
The contrast with Wal - Mart could n’t be greater .
As Lichtenstein observes :
During its heyday , factory managers at GM –hard - driving men in charge of 2,000 to 3,000 workers –took home about five times as much as an ordinary production employee .
At Wal - Mart , district store managers –in charge of about the same number of workers–earn more than 10 times that of the average full - time hourly employee …
In 1950 , GM President Charles E. Wilson …earned about 140 times more than an assembly line worker , while H. Lee Scott , the Wal - Mart CEO in 2003 , took home at least 1,500 times that of one of his full - time hourly employees .
Of course , the Walton kids –who are flush with cash and still own more than a third of the company–live the good life .
Some enjoy their vast wealth full time , while others have roles in the low - wage retail empire .
Sam Walton has been chairman of the company–and daughter Alice is the family ’s political activist .
In 2004 , Alice donated $ 2.6 million to the right - wing outfit Progress for America , which ran ads supporting the Iraq War and thanking George W. Bush for supposedly preventing another 9/11 - style attack on American soil .
One of Alice ’s hobbies is horses .
Another is reckless driving .
In 1996 , she was fined $ 925 for a DUI .
In 1989 , she struck and killed a 50 - year - old woman in Arkansas .
No charges were filed .
Number 3
Larry Ellison
Net worth : $ 27 billion
It ’s the mid-1970s .
There was just a wave of wildcat strikes across the country–and memories of the 1960s are still fresh in everyone ’s minds .
In San Francisco , Harvey Milk is leading protests for gay rights .
Women have won abortion rights with the Roe v. Wade Supreme Court decision .
The CIA recently aided in overthrowing the government of socialist Salvador Allende in Chile–and bringing to power the military dictator Gen. Augusto Pinochet .
What would you be doing if you were young back then ?
Protesting ?
Organizing a rank - and - file caucus in your union ?
Not Larry Ellison .
Ellison was networking CIA computer databases for the Ampex Corp. –under the codename “ Oracle . ”
In 1977 , Ellison formed his own company , and he named it , of all things , Oracle .
His first clients were Wright Patterson Air Force Base and the CIA .
Aside from doing IT work for coup - plotters and assassins , Ellison struck it rich by profiting off other people ’s ideas .
The crucial innovation for networking computer databases was actually pioneered by scientists at IBM who could n’t figure out how to make money off their research .
Ellison could–and he ’s been raking in the cash ever since .
But billions of dollars is n’t always enough for Larry Ellison ’s extravagant lifestyle .
According to leaked letters and documents from his lawyer , Ellison is regularly maxed out on his billion - dollar credit limit .
This , seemingly , is due to his penchant for buying multiple homes and yachts–one yacht cost him $ 194 million .
Ellison spends upwards of $ 20 million a year on “ miscellaneous lifestyle expenses , ” according to those documents .
He lives on a sprawling estate modeled on a traditional Japanese village .
For good measure , he also owns an actual villa in Japan ( cost : $ 25 million ) .
Not only did Ellison do computer work for the CIA , and not only does he live like a latter - day Nero , but he also might be a “ common criminal . ”
In 2001 , he was alleged to have dumped 29 million shares of Oracle stock on the basis of insider information–netting $ 900 million–just before the stock price fell .
Number 2
Warren Buffet
Net worth : $ 50 billion
Warren Buffet has a reputation –especially after his support for Barack Obama in last year ’s presidential election –as a liberal billionaire .
He ’s pledged to give 85 percent of his wealth to charity –after he dies , of course .
He supports taxes on inheritance and lives in the same Nebraska home he bought in 1958 .
But Buffet–born into relative wealth and privilege–is n’t really very different from other billionaires .
He grew up the son of a stockbroker and U.S. congressman .
By age 11 , he was working at his father ’s brokerage house .
By 14 , he owned 40 acres of land that he rented out to tenement farmers .
In the 1960s , Buffet bought a textile company –Berkshire Hathaway–and turned it into a holding company , based on the “ concept ” of buying undervalued stocks and selling them when their values increased .
In other words , he built his fortune on speculation .
The company –now Buffet Associates Ltd.–stopped producing textiles long ago , instead investing in insurance outfits like GEICO and AIG , corporations like Coca Cola , and media outlets / military contractors like the Washington Post , ABC and General Electric ( which owns NBC ) .
Buffet ’s supposed “ liberalism ” has a lot of limits , both in business and politics .
In 2003 , he was an economic adviser to the budget - cutting candidate for governor of California , Arnold Schwarzenegger .
Buffet once famously quipped , “ I ’ll tell you why I like the cigarette business .
It costs a penny to make .
Sell it for a dollar .
It ’s addictive .
And there ’s fantastic brand loyalty . ”
His relatively Spartan lifestyle ( for a billionaire , anyway ) also has limits .
In 1989 , he bought a private jet for $ 10 million and christened it The Indefensible .
His attitude toward his wealth–for all his supposed philanthropy –is also indefensible :
I do n’t have a problem with guilt about money .
The way I see it is that my money represents an enormous number of claim checks on society .
It ’s like I have these little pieces of paper that I can turn into consumption .
If I wanted to , I could hire 10,000 people to do nothing but paint my picture everyday for the rest of my life .
Number 1
Bill Gates
Net worth : $ 52 billion
Bill Gates III is regularly held up as an example of a rich person who actually earned his wealth –the Horatio Alger of computer software .
The co-founder of Microsoft , we ’re told , made his way up from college dropout to running one the most successful corporations in history through hard work and intelligence .
And he then retired to a life of magnanimous and progressive philanthropy .
The only problem with this story is that it ’s just that –a story .
The modesty of Gates ’ upbringing is greatly exaggerated .
His father was a successful attorney , and his grandfather was the president of a national bank .
While Gates did drop out of Harvard to found Microsoft ( thanks to a loan from his family ) , it was n’t his skills for software development that made him rich , but his “ genius ” in taking other people ’s ideas and marketing them .
Since effectively cornering the market for PC operating systems , Microsoft ’s primary goal has been to maintain its predominant position and drive potential competitors out of business .
The mythmaking continues when it comes to Gates ’ philanthropy .
The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation is widely cited as a symbol of Gates ’ sense of social responsibility , funding projects to provide health care and AIDS treatment in places like Africa .
But a Los Angeles Times investigation in 2007 showed the darker side of the fund .
“ [ A]t least $ 8.7 billion , or 41 percent of its assets , not including U.S. and foreign government securities … have been in companies that countered the foundation ’s charitable goals or socially concerned philosophy , ” the Times reported .
For example , the foundation has stock from corporations “ ranked among the worst U.S. and Canadian polluters , including ConocoPhillips , Dow Chemical Co. and Tyco International Ltd , ” wrote the Times .
The Gates fund invests in “ many of the world ’s other major polluters , including companies that own an oil refinery and one that owns a paper mill , which a study shows sicken children [ in a Nigerian town ] while the foundation tries to save their parents from AIDS . ”
Then there ’s the “ pharmaceutical companies that price drugs beyond the reach of AIDS patients the foundation is trying to treat , ” the Times reported .
Like most rich philanthropists , Gates gives with one hand–and takes far more with the other .
Even before the economic crisis began , inequality had already risen to levels not seen in the U.S. since the eve of the 1930s Great Depression .
In the 2000s , family income declined for the first time in decades , while those at the very top became richer and richer .
Ultimately , this wealth came from squeezing it out of the vast majority of people in the U.S. and around the world .
The rich became richer by making workers work harder for less .
Now that we ’re in a severe recession , hourly wages are declining , unemployment is skyrocketing and , without a social safety net , workers are cutting back–not on luxuries like Warren Buffet ’s private jet , or Larry Ellison ’s personal armada , but on necessities like food , housing , education and health care .
What should make us most angry is that it does n’t have to be this way .
The immense wealth of society does n’t have to be wasted on these parasites .
It could be democratically controlled by the working - class people who produced it in the first place , and used to meet human needs .
The good news is that people ’s attitudes are changing .
In early April , for example , a CBS News / New York Times poll showed that 74 percent of Americans favor increasing taxes on the rich .
( Revolutionary socialists , of course , favor taxing the rich out of existence ) .
In the months and years to come , more and more people may be ready to head down to the town square after all–and protest a society of obscene inequality .
Choppers with rescue air lift equipment were standing hours away , in the hundreds , and had not been deployed !
And why had n't the choppers been sent ?
Because Rumsfeld was engaged in a turf war , and it would take days before he finally sent in both troops and released the materiel .
The US military had hundreds of rescue choppers , many with airlift equipment , within practical range .
As BOHICA points out below , there were people in the military who were shaking with rage at not being allowed to assist .
The article explains :
The search - and - rescue helicopters were not being used because Donald Rumsfeld had not yet approved their deployment — even though , as Lieutenant General Russ Honoré , the cigar - chomping commander of Joint Task Force Katrina , would later tell me , " that Wednesday , we needed to evacuate people .
The few helicopters we had in there were busy , and we were trying to deploy more . "
Even a singularly obtuse George W Bush began understanding something was wrong , and in the end turned on his recalcitrant SecDef .
But would you believe it - still it would take days before Rumsfeld gave the orders .
The article is worth reading in full .
Personally I was convinced that Rumsfeld was a deeply delusional man , but the article makes it clear that he was dangerously delusional , and that the Bush presidency has him and Cheney to thank for a legacy that will go down in infamy .
( Plus , of course , Bush 's general cluelessness , disrespect of the obligations of the presidency and the Constitution , and incredible disrespect for the rule of law . )
Bush convened a meeting in the Situation Room on Friday morning .
According to several who were present , the president was agitated .
Turning to the man seated at his immediate left , Bush barked , " Rumsfeld , what the hell is going on there ?
Are you watching what ’s on television ?
Is that the United States of America or some Third World nation I ’m watching ?
What the hell are you doing ? "
Rumsfeld replied by trotting out the ongoing National Guard deployments and suggesting that sending active - duty troops would create " unity of command " issues .
Visibly impatient , Bush turned away from Rumsfeld and began to direct his inquiries at Lieutenant General Honoré on the video screen .
" From then on , it was a Bush - Honoré dialogue , " remembers another participant .
" The president cut Rumsfeld to pieces .
I just wish it had happened earlier in the week . "
The battlefield briefing cover sheets with biblical quotations can be seen at the slide - show that GQ has put up .
The images are exclusive to them , and I can't place one here .
I also expect them to get a lot of attention in the MSM , while what Rumsfeld did to NOLA and the region could risk getting lost in the background .
The article has a link to the cover - sheets mentioned by Frank Rich .
UPDATE : A few commenters feel that this somehow could be seen to exonerate Bush for his general lack of initiative and leadership during Katrina .
Of course it does n't , but Bush had a perfectly human reaction , while in the operations center discussing the relief effort , once it finally got under way .
While I doubt you 'll find anyone who thinks less of Bush than I do , I do not find that his reaction ( " The president cut Rumsfeld to pieces " ) , as reported in the GQ article lacks credibility .
By then Bush knew that his presidency was going to be tainted by his and his top administration officials ' inattention to the disaster .
I write books for two reasons .
One , there is a simple and easy way to release depression , anxiety and the unease of being .
And , two , because awakening is simple .
And what is awakening ?
Awakening is awakening out of the world of fear and sadness .
Leonard Jacobson says , “ To awaken simply means to awaken out of the world of the thinking mind into the world of the present moment . ”
Buddha said very simply : it is the end of suffering .
It is finding the joy of being .
It is a fundamental shift in consciousness which opens up the world .
It is flow .
Some people take exception to using the word “ simple ” to describe the awakening process .
I recognize that for most people who are trying to awaken , the process has not been easy , and I ’m not trying to insult the people who are struggling with it .
If you look around at the resources available for awakening , you might get the idea that awakening is very difficult , or you have to meditate for decades , or you need specialized spiritual knowledge , or you need to understand theories of existence , and bliss and oneness , or you have to sign up with a tradition and ‘ advance ’ your way through the hierarchy or you need to understand the various “ stages ” of consciousness or solve zen koans , and so forth .
You do n’t have to do any of this , and from what I have seen , these can actually be obstacles to awakening for many .
Awakening is simple .
It ’s not simple for some only because of the effort they put into complicating it .
The Two Step Dance of Awakening – Awareness and Release
Here ’s how you awaken :
First : Find a release technique which resonates with you .
Try the Release technique I describe , or the Sedona Method , and EFT .
Releasing helps free us of depression , anxiety , the past , and it ’s an effective salve for awakening symptoms .
( Some call these Kundalini symptoms ) .
Second : Find an awareness technique which resonates .
All awareness techniques lead to Awareness Now .
This is referred to with many different words : effortless meditation , being , natural being , being present , just as is , passive watchfulness , zazen , dyana , ch’an , zen , and many other Sanskrit , Chinese , Japanese , Kaballah , Sufi , and Gnostic terms .
Why complicate it ?
It is a passive watchfulness which is not of the mind but which can watch the mind and everything else .
It is utterly simple , here and now .
When mind says , “ is this all there is ? ” , that is it .
In the utter ordinariness , the extraordinary will unfold .
Obstacles to Awakening
“ The simplest cure is to feel free to block , so that one does not block at blocking .
When one feels free to lock , the blocking [ holding on ] automatically eliminates itself … .
The principle here is , of course , the same as getting out of the contradiction of ‘ trying to be spontaneous ’ through accepting the ‘ trying ’ as spontaneous ’ … ” The Way of Zen , Allan Watts
The biggest obstacle is our own ideas .
Awakening is waking up from the story of “ me ” ; but it immediately merges into another story about advancing the “ me ” and then we are concerned about how successful we are at awakening .
This resistance can show up in many ways .
It shows up as the need to understand more before you can start , dismissal , ‘ spiritualized ’ ego , intellectual analysis and beliefs , or the clinging to particular concepts or techniques or traditions or disciplines like meditation or yoga or visualization or philosophizing or some new - age thing or enchantment with particular teachers or with the idea of awakening itself .
It can be the ego ’s fear of awakening , which can show up as “ My God , who will I be without emotions and desires ? ” or “ How can I ever give up thinking ? ” or “ I need to understand this fully ” or “ I am not ready for this ” and so forth .
It can show up as a clinging to every new fads , such as the Law of Attraction , or “ masterminding ” or visualizing … this is just stuff that we seek out desperately to change who we are .
All you have to do is to suss out obstacles is to notice them .
Do n’t think about them ; do n’t analyze them ; do n’t block — all of that is just more thinking .
Perhaps this is why the Buddha warned not to believe anything anyone says , until it is experience .
The test for whether you are caught in an obstacle is very simple .
Ask yourself how you feel compared to say three months ago .
Do you feel more open , lighter , and joyful ?
This of course takes radical honesty to answer , and if you do n’t think you can be radically honest with yourself , you ’re in a good place .
It ’s a great start .
Your goal is not to experience some sort of big - bang transformation .
Do n’t worry about when enlightenment happens in linear time , or even if there really is such a thing .
The goal is to get into the flow of awakening , so that it deepens on its own , effortlessly .
The Journey
“ You have to see it for yourself .
This is your last chance .
After this , there is no turning back .
You take the blue pill and the story ends .
You wake in your bed and believe whatever you want to believe .
You take the red pill and you stay in Wonderland and I show you how deep the rabbit - hole goes . ”
– Morpheus to Neo in the movie The Matrix
If you start this you will discover many things on your own .
You will see the nature of effort for what it is .
You will put in some effort in the beginning , but once you get into the flow of awakening , it will work on its own .
You will see that it is about the releasing of effort .
You may go through some emotional turmoil ; do n’t worry , the releasing will help you and heal you .
You will understand why it ’s important to rely only on direct experience , and not on what you read or hear , even if it is from your favorite “ spiritual ” guide .
You will see and laugh at frivolities of your own revelations and beliefs , and you will recognize the voice in the head as just a voice in the head .
You will see why spirituality itself is an obstacle .
You will see that all that you believe is irrational , and you will see why we do n’t perceive reality as it is .
And , with great relief , you will find that when you are able to get out of the way , Awareness does the job of awakening all by itself , much better than you can .
My experience with depression and anxiety was not easy .
But releasing the anxiety and depression , once I found a natural method , was as easy as opening a fisted hand .
It was difficult for me but it does n’t have to be difficult for you .
My awakening experiences in the beginning were also difficult .
But I found that releasing helps with letting go of concepts I had built around awakening , and then it was easy to get into the effortless flow of awakening .
“ I ” do absolutely nothing except get out of the way .
This is the two - step dance of Awareness and Release .
Photo by Eddi 07
Israeli soldiers in the occupied West Bank .
( Mamoun Wazwaz / MaanImages )
RAMALLAH
IPS
“ Three of them surrounded me , while a fourth threw a rock at the back of my head .
Lots of blood ran down onto my clothes .
Other settlers then joined them , ” Wahadin told the Israeli human rights group B’Tselem .
Wahadin and his brother Hammad , 72 , had been farming their land , which produces olives , almonds and grapes , near the illegal Israeli settlement of Bat Ayin , when they were attacked on their way home .
Their land in Beit Ummar is near Hebron , about 30 kilometers south of Jerusalem .
Hammad Abdallah was taken to a local hospital where he received 10 stitches for a head wound and treatment for chest injuries .
Settler attacks against Palestinian civilians , and the occasional retaliatory attacks by Palestinians continue to dominate media headlines on an almost daily basis .
The UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs ( OCHA ) has reported that an increase in settler attacks , as well as Israeli military raids , are part of an overall deterioration in the humanitarian situation in the West Bank .
“ During April four Palestinians , including two boys , were killed by [ the Israeli army ] and another 145 were injured by Israeli soldiers and settlers .
The number of Palestinians injured rose by 40 percent compared with the 2008 monthly average , ” the report says .
“ We have noticed a significant increase in the incidents of both settler and soldier violence against Palestinian civilians since the new Israeli government took power at the beginning of the year , ” says Ronen Shimoni from B’Tselem .
“ This is probably related to an increase in settlement activity in the West Bank as the rightist government of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu tries to establish facts on the ground , ” Shimoni told IPS .
The expropriation of Palestinian land for enlargement of settlements has proceeded at an accelerated rate since Netanyahu took office .
New settlements , and the settler - only bypass roads which service them , are being built .
The full extent of settler violence against Palestinian civilians is uncertain as many cases go unreported .
“ Only a small number of complaints is investigated by the Israeli authorities , ” says Lior Yavne , rights group Yesh Din ’s research director .
“ Conviction rates are less than 10 percent of cases opened due to what we consider unprofessional investigations .
Often the police claim to have lost the paperwork or say they are unable to find the perpetrators , ” Yavne told IPS .
There has also been a sharp rise in the number of Palestinian children in Israeli detention this year , with 391 , including six girls , incarcerated at the end of April , a 20 percent increase between December 2008 and February 2009 .
Human rights organizations monitoring the situation of child prisoners in Israeli prisons are concerned about the lack of respect for the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child , to which Israel is a signatory .
“ These concerns are related to consistent allegations of physical and psychological abuse during interrogations ; denial of prompt access to lawyers and family visits ; substandard conditions of detention , including lack of access to proper health or educational services , ” OCHA says .
Further fueling Palestinian anger and despair is the tripling of Palestinian homes destroyed by the Israeli authorities in April compared to March .
According to OCHA , 286 Palestinians , including many children , have been displaced this year .
Israel says the homes were demolished because they lack building permits .
However , it is almost impossible for Palestinians residing in East Jerusalem to obtain the requisite permits .
Jewish residents of West Jerusalem obtain permits with ease .
Several foreign governments and Israeli human rights organizations have accused the Israelis of following a deliberate policy of Judaizing East Jerusalem , in an effort to prevent its future division .
Palestinians want East Jerusalem as their future capital .
Palestinians are also largely forbidden from building on large swathes of the West Bank that fall under complete Israeli control , even though according to international law and UN Security Council resolutions the territory belongs to the Palestinians .
West Bank Palestinians are also getting increasingly thirsty .
The World Bank has just released a report , “ Assessment of Restrictions on Palestinian Water Sector Development . ”
The report says water allocations , established during the 1995 Oslo interim agreement , fall short of today ’s needs .
Two - and - a- half million Palestinians survive on less than 20 percent of the West Bank ’s aquifers , while Israel expropriates the rest .
“ Israeli settlers consume up to 200 liters of water daily per individual while Palestinians in the West Bank survive on 30 - 60 liters per individual daily , ” Palestinian Environmental Authority ( PEA ) deputy - director Jamil Mtoor told IPS .
Meanwhile , a number of international projects to fund West Bank humanitarian aid relief are at risk due to economic shortfalls .
The UN ’s Consolidated Appeals Process ( CAP ) reported that although $ 254 million had been pledged towards the rehabilitation of Gaza , the level of funding for the West Bank continues to be extremely low , with only about 30 percent of needs covered .
The UN ’s World Food Programme ( WFP ) has reported a severe shortage for its projects in the West Bank , while the UN agency for Palestine refugees ( UNRWA ) has reported financial problems relating to a number of emergency aid programs .
“ UNRWA relies on voluntary funding for our projects , with the two biggest donors being the US and the EU , ” UNRWA spokesman Chris Gunness told IPS .
“ The international monetary crisis has not helped the situation , but we are still hopeful that we will be able to meet the shortfall before June so that we do n’t have to close any of our emergency programs , ” said Gunness .
All rights reserved , IPS - Inter Press Service ( 2009 ) .
Total or partial publication , retransmission or sale forbidden .
Mono :
An infectious disease ?
v0.1 – June 2009
In the beginning Microsoft laughed at Linux and free software , claiming it was just an operating system for hackers and hobbyists , posing no real threat to their domination of the computing industry .
Now it ’s a very different story and Microsoft admits that Linux is their number one threat .
Through the recent TomTom case it is clear that Microsoft is using patents to leverage power over open source .
Microsoft knows that if they do nothing , free software will eventually destroy their bottom line .
They have to do something , which they certainly are .
Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer admitted ,
Linux is a serious competitor
and promised that the company will outsmart open source .
So what ’s their game plan ?
One of the ways they are trying to gain the upper hand is by introducing their own proprietary programming framework into free software , which is called ‘. NET ‘ .
While some parts of the .NET framework such as CLI and C# have been submitted to Ecma for standardisation , others have not .
Even so , Microsoft still holds patents in relation to these standards , although the company grants “ licenses on reasonable terms and conditions ” , but only so long as the corresponding Ecma standard remains valid .
The non-standard components also pose a risk .
Microsoft has ulterior motives for wanting support for .NET under Linux .
They might not be able to destroy free software , but they sure want to control it .
Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer said :
I would love to see all open source innovation happen on top of Windows .
In relation to using .NET to battle free software , Senior Vice President of Microsoft Servers and Tools , Eric Rudder , said :
As many of you may know , we ’ve actually kind of broadened the product portfolio of Visual Studio , targeting all the way from the low end with students and hobbyists , kind of competitive in that Linux space , making sure that every developer has a copy of .NET and is trained in writing .NET solutions . [… ]
I think it will really help us in our competition with open source .
The more of their own patented technology they can get into free software , the better position the company will be in .
Once everyone has adopted it they will then try to control and exploit it , or try to shut it down like they have done many times before .
This is exactly what we have seen with the recent VFAT patent claims .
But will it work ?
Possibly .
The Mono project is a free software implementation of the .NET framework , owned by Novell .
It runs under Linux , OS X , Unix and even Windows itself .
The Mono project is a great open source implementation of .NET , but it is also an essential tool for Microsoft to maintain their strong hold in the computer industry – get everyone using a proprietary programming environment that they control .
Then , when the time is right , you can guarantee they will come knocking to collect royalties and sue those who refuse .
There ’s no question that C# is a decent language and that many high quality projects have been created as a result of this .
Yes , open source does perhaps benefit from these applications , but it ’s only a short term gain .
Long term , its extremely dangerous .
It ’s dangerous because if we find ourselves in a position where we rely on Microsoft for our own open source technology , then we are completely at their mercy .
In regards to their original agreement with Novell , Microsoft President Bob Muglia said :
There is a substantive effort in open source to bring such an implementation of .
Net to market , known as Mono and being driven by Novell , and one of the attributes of the agreement we made with Novell is that the intellectual property associated with that is available to Novell customers .
So part of Microsoft ’s agreement with Novell was to cover patents applying to .NET applications !
Those who are developing .
NET / Mono applications without a similar Microsoft agreement may be at risk of being sued .
Novell ’s Linux distribution , SUSE , also ships with a plugin for the popular open source web browser Firefox called Moonlight , which enables it to play Silverlight ( Microsoft ’s .
NET based framework for web based multimedia ) via Mono .
This brought about a very interesting agreement between Microsoft and Novell in relation to the use of the technology , where Microsoft agrees not to sue ( for a certain period of time ) “ Downstream Recipients ” ( yes , the end users ) of Novell ’s Mono based implementation ( and only those online services provided by Novell ) .
The covenant between Novell and Microsoft has been discussed over at Groklaw and is well worth the read .
It is also worth noting that Silverlight websites may require various codecs from Microsoft which are not open source and may be patent encumbered .
Thankfully , some Linux distributions are starting to realise this threat and are removing certain Mono applications from future releases .
Mono itself is currently included in Fedora , but they have removed support for Silverlight , by forbidding Moonlight .
Similar reasons as to why Fedora has removed Moonlight apply to the rest of Mono itself , so it remains to be seen as to whether it will be completely removed in the future .
The GNOME project is one of the most popular desktop environments in the Linux world .
Many distributions ship this as their default , including top players ; Fedora , SUSE and Ubuntu .
Novell is a large contributor to the GNOME project and now more and more of its applications are written in .NET .
Some programs built into GNOME which are written to require .NET are ; Banshee ( music player ) , Beagle ( search engine ) , F - Spot ( photo management program ) , GNOME Do ( application launcher ) , Monsoon ( bittorrent client ) , Tasque ( task management application ) , Tomboy ( note taking program ) , many libraries and more .
While various applications do depend on .NET , it must be stressed that GNOME is not tied to Mono , yet .
It might never be .
But then again , it just might .
If GNOME does become dependent on .NET it would open up many open source projects and developers to legal action .
Of course , once the infringing patents are made known the software can be re-implemented so that it no longer violates them , but how long will that take ?
Could an open source company take their entire product offline while a fix is created ?
Also , what other problems would this introduce ?
At the very least this would rely on companies standing up to Microsoft in the first instance , something which almost happened with the TomTom case , but which fell apart at the end .
When asked for his opinion about GNOME ’s relationship with Mono , Free Software Foundation founder Richard Stallman answered :
Mono is a free implementation of Microsoft ’s language C#. Microsoft has declared itself our enemy and we know that Microsoft is getting patents on some features of C# .
So I think it ’s dangerous to use C# , and it may be dangerous to use Mono .
There ’s nothing wrong with Mono .
Mono is a free implementation of a language that users use .
It ’s good to provide free implementations .
We should have free implementations of every language .
But , depending on it is dangerous , and we better not do that .
The key issue is dependence .
Free software must remain independent of all Microsoft intellectual property , including the .NET framework .
Is n’t this the case with all open source software though , like Samba ?
It certainly is .
Let ’s look at Samba a little more closely .
Samba implements the Server Message Block protocol for data sharing , which was invented at IBM .
Microsoft took this protocol and extended it for use in their operating systems .
Samba has continued to incorporate changes to make itself compatible with the Windows implementations and in doing so may have violated a number of software patents .
In fact , project founder Andrew Tridgell admits this is the case and says that the team has spent lots of time ensuring they do not violate the ones they know about .
However , the extra good news is that the result of the European Commission ’s antitrust lawsuit against Microsoft in 2004 ( which Microsoft lost an appeal against in 2007 ) meant that the company was , among other requirements , forced to enter an agreement with Samba to provide technical documentation for their technology .
The agreement also ensures that Microsoft cannot sue over any of its intellectual property related to the project .
It might sound similar to the Microsoft - Novell deal but it is very different .
Having been scrutinised by the Software Freedom Law Center , the Samba agreement covers all users of the Samba software and any derivatives thereof .
The Samba Team announced :
Under the agreement , Microsoft is required to make available and keep current a list of patent numbers it believes are related to the Microsoft implementation of the workgroup server protocols , without granting an implicit patent license to any Free Software implementation .
No per-copy royalties are required from the PFIF , Samba developers , third party vendors or users and no acknowledgment of any patent infringement by Free Software implementations is expressed or implied in the agreement .
So Samba is safe , but the fact that the project needs an agreement like this should sound warning bells for anyone implementing Microsoft technology .
Fortunately for us , we all benefit from Samba ’s work , but no such agreement exists in relation to other Microsoft technologies , including .
NET .
Of course , there are potentially thousands of patent issues affecting free software and we can not run scared .
Once we know about particular patent infringements in free software , they can be resolved .
But there ’s a difference between implementing software which might turn out to infringe on some patents and deliberately writing free software using a proprietary framework .
Some in the community have seen this threat also and have started porting applications away from .
NET .
One such project is Gnote , a C++ port of GNOME ’s Tomboy note taking application , written by ex-Novell employee Hubert Figuiere .
Although not yet feature complete ( as of May 2009 ) , it runs much faster and consumes fewer resources .
Gnote has quickly been gathering popularity and is already available in most major distributions .
Even if there is no port of a specific .NET application , there are plenty of alternatives .
The first step is to remove Mono from your Linux box and install replacements .
If you ’re using Debian or a derivative such as Ubuntu , you can remove Mono and all applications using the following command ( run as root ) :
apt - get remove -- purge mono - common libmono0
apt - get -- purge autoremove
Next , download and install Mononono , which sets up a conflict with the real Mono packages , stopping applications from pulling it back in .
Like so :
wget http://tim.thechases.com/mononono/mononono_1.0_all.deb
dpkg - i mononono_1.0_all.deb
For users on a Yum based RPM system such as Fedora , the following commands ( run as root ) will remove mono and block any package from being installed which depends on it :
yum erase -y mono-\*
sed - i '/ ^\[ main\ ] $ / a exclude=mono-\*'
/etc/yum.conf
For those using SUSE or variant , Novell actually gives us the best tool to combat it , thanks to their package manager which can lock packages .
First , you need to remove the offending packages , then you lock them so that applications which want to pull Mono back in , cannot .
As root , run the following commands :
zypper remove mono
zypper al * mono
zypper al mono -*
This will then remove many of the core applications that Novell bundles with their distribution .
Once the system is clean and Mono - free , it ’s time to replace those .NET programs .
Some to consider in the GNOME / GTK + space are ; Rhythmbox ( music player ) , Tracker ( search engine ) , gThumb ( photo management program ) , Deskbar - Applet ( application launcher ) , Deluge ( bittorrent client ) , Gnote ( note taking program ) .
What else can you do ?
Vote with your feet .
Let your distributions know that you do n’t want Mono tainting free software .
You ’ll also get the added benefit of a computer which runs faster !
Microsoft ’s number one goal is to keep the world using their software .
After all , this is how the company makes money .
They will do that by any means necessary , including suing companies ( and even end users ) who do not submit to their threats .
Microsoft only recently started licensing VFAT , once it had become a de facto standard in the computing industry .
What ’s stopping them from trying to do the same with .
NET ?
Using it as a programming platform may be putting the free software world in a bad position .
By all means , let Linux run Windows .NET applications through Mono , but let ’s not make our own software dependent on this proprietary programming framework .
In 2001 Microsoft founder Bill Gates said :
Microsoft has had clear competitors in the past .
It ’s a good thing we have museums to document that .
Make no mistake .
Microsoft is out to destroy Linux ( their self - proclaimed number one threat ) to maintain their position as the dominant software super power .
Let ’s not give them a helping hand .
Mono :
An infectious disease ? by Christopher Smart is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution - ShareAlike 3.0 Australia License .
Based on a work at blog.christophersmart.com .
Two days of discussions with each of the member states ended last night without clear agreement .
Several countries are worried the guarantees in protocol form will lead to a need to re-ratify the Lisbon treaty .
Instead they would prefer simple declarations that do not have the same legal weight .
“ We have no problems with the content of what the Irish want as long as it is simply restating what is already the situation , as they are .
But we are afraid turning them into protocols could lead to demands to reopen the debate on the treaty in our member states , ” one diplomat said .
Irish and EU legal experts will spend the weekend putting together the wording for the guarantees and will present them to ambassadors from all EU states at 9 am on Tuesday .
However , one diplomat said : “ It is very uncertain whether they will be agreed by the ambassadors . ”
In that event , they would go to the summit on Thursday for decision by the member state leaders , something the Irish wished to avoid .
Every country has said that it wants to help Ireland and would be willing to give the guarantees as declarations .
However , this would not necessarily have the same weight as protocols which would become part of the EU legislation when they are appended to the next EU treaty .
The Irish proposed that they would be attached to the next accession treaty , possibly for Croatia .
However , the British government has said they will be faced with a demand from the opposition to re-ratify the Lisbon treaty if the new protocols are agreed .
All other 26 countries have ratified it with just the Czechs , Poles and Germans waiting for their presidents to sign it off .
Meanwhile , Fine Gael leader Enda Kenny is worried the Government will not be able to convince the public to vote for the treaty later this year .
He is meeting the Taoiseach next week and has said the campaign must begin immediately .
Asked if the Government could deliver a Yes vote , he said : “ That is the question . ”
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Police say they have arrested environmental campaigner Leila Deen after an incident in which green custard was thrown at Lord Mandelson .
The business secretary was confronted before he was due to take part in a low - carbon summit in London .
He told the BBC's Andrew Marr Show of his " surprise " his attacker had been able to avoid security outside the Royal Society on Friday morning .
Ms Deen , of Brighton , has been bailed to return at a police station in April .
Lord Mandelson said the custard had given him a " slight " facial irritation .
The police are not obliged to investigate an incident of this kind unless a formal complaint has been made .
Ms Deen , who is a member of the Plane Stupid campaign group , said after the incident that Lord Mandelson was targeted because of his support for a new runway at Heathrow airport .
Lord Mandelson also told Andrew Marr that he was " slightly surprised " his attacker " could just saunter off without being apprehended " .
Home Secretary Jacqui Smith told Sky News ' Sunday Live programme : " I do n't think in a democracy where people are able to speak up that anybody should chuck custard at anybody in the street .
It 's not appropriate . "
I recently took part in a panel discussion in which the moderator asked how this recession and the policy measures taken to address it would look if John McCain , rather than Barack Obama , had been elected president .
It ’s always hard to imagine counterfactuals .
But it ’s an interesting thought experiment .
Senator McCain criticized the stimulus bill as “ generational theft , ” and he eventually voted against it .
He also proposed an alternate stimulus bill that was about half the size of the one eventually passed and that relied more on tax cuts .
Given all this , it seems the economic situation would look very different than it does today , for better or for worse .
But would it really ?
The dirty little secret that many people do n’t realize is that monetary policy , not fiscal policy , has been much more aggressive in addressing the current crisis .
In fact , trillions of dollars more aggressive .
As of mid-May , less than 5 percent of the $ 787 billion available in stimulus funds had been spent .
For comparison ’s sake , take a look at this graph showing the expansion of the Fed ’s balance sheet , which Joseph Brusuelas at Moody ’s Economy.com refers to as the “ magma chart . ”
Most people do n’t realize how much more active monetary policy has been for two reasons :
The Fed does n’t have to seek congressional approval to kickstart most of the programs it ’s enacted since the start of the crisis , so there ’s no long , drawn - out , media - smothered lead - up to the expansion of the Fed balance sheet .
The Fed just does what it does , with little fanfare and few talking - head blowhards debating it on T.V.
Monetary policy is complicated , and many of the Fed ’s programs are very difficult to understand .
It ’s much easier to understand ( and frankly , for journalists to write about ) a program to spend money to build a new bridge than a program called the “ Asset - Backed Commercial Paper Money Market Mutual Fund Liquidity Facility . ”
Monetary policy is by and large set by the Fed , which is set up to be an independent organization .
Many economists
I ’ve spoken with in recent weeks have referred to Ben S. Bernanke , the Fed chariman , as an “ unsung hero ” of the recession , and credited the Fed with doing most of the heavy - lifting in stabilizing the economy .
So if , compared to stimulus spending , the Fed ’s programs are A ) more aggressive , B ) more effective and C ) likely to have remained the same under a different administration , then the implication is that we ’d probably be in the economic place we are now even if Mr. McCain was president .
I called Tyler Cowen , an economics professor at George Mason University and super - blogger at Marginal Revolution , to ask his thoughts about this alternate universe question .
He said that , by coincidence , he and his colleagues had been arguing about the exact same premise over lunch today , and the conclusion was that things would probably look about the same .
The one surviving counterargument , he said , was that President Obama has done more to bolster confidence than John McCain might have , whether because of President Obama ’s looks , smooth - talking or what have you .
“ That ’s plausible , ” Professor Cowen said , “ but it ’s hard to know how big that effect would be . ”
Of course , having a different president could have set off a whole other set of unknowable ripple effects in international relations or other types of policies that affect the economy ( butterfly effect and all that ) .
Still , I ’m curious to hear what readers make of the general argument .
The Phoenix Suns are reportedly near a deal that would send star F/C Amar'e Stoudemire to the Golden State Warriors for a package consisting of F Andris Biedrins G Stephen Curry , F Brandan Wright , and G Marco Belinelli .
This is according to a report done by the Arizona Republic , citing sources within the Phoenix Organization .
The motivation behind the trade for Phoenix is obvious relief under the NBA 's luxury tax .
Biedrins is set to make around $ 9 million this season , and Stoudemire 's figure hovers near $ 17 million .
The trade cannot be finalized and formally announced until Jun. 30 because Biedrins is a base - year compensation player until that date .
During the Draft , Phoenix GM Steve Kerr was not shy to say Phoenix is not a " championship contender " and is in a transition phase .
He has lived up to his word , already sending all - star C Shaquille O'Neal to the Cavaliers as a cost- cutting measure for the expiring contract of C/F Ben Wallace and Sasha Pavlovic .
Phoenix has definitely put themself in a position to find their next franchise cornerstones in the much - anticipated free agent summer of 2010 .
For the Golden State Warriors , this is a great move that teams Stoudemire with F Corey Maggette and G Monta Ellis to form a prolific trio for the young rising squad .
Stoudemire gives them a beastly inside presence that can rebound and score a lot of points in the paint .
He is the biggest body the Warriors have had in a long time .
Update : The Warriors are unwilling to part with recent No. 7 overall pick PG Stephen Curry in any sort of package trade .
News of the trade was first reported by the Arizona Republic .
Also by SportingNews.com .
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - A heavy bombardment by asteroids the size of Ireland was not enough to wipe out life on Earth 3.9 billion years ago , researchers said on Wednesday in a finding that turns back the clock of life by 500 million years .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
Many scientists had thought the violent pelting by massive asteroids during the period known as the Late Heavy Bombardment would have melted the Earth ’s crust and vaporized any life on the planet .
But new three - dimensional computer models developed by a team at the University of Colorado at Boulder shows much of Earth ’s crust , and the microbes living on it , could have survived and may even have thrived .
“ These new results push back the possible beginnings of life on Earth to well before the bombardment period 3.9 billion years ago , ” said Oleg Abramov , a researcher at the university whose study appears in the journal Nature .
“ It opens up the possibility that life emerged as far back as 4.4 billion years ago , about the time the first oceans are thought to have formed , ” Abramov said in a statement .
To study this period , Abramov and colleague Stephen Mojzsis used data from moon rocks , meteorite samples and the dented surfaces of neighboring planets to develop a three - dimensional model of this period of bombardment .
“ What we did was recreate the Late Heavy Bombardment on a computer , ” Abramov said , adding that the simulation randomly “ smacked the Earth ” with giant asteroids .
The team then looked at the impact that would have had on the Earth ’s temperature in the so - called geophysical habitable zone -- a zone representing the top 2.5 miles of the Earth ’s crust .
Based on these models , Abramov said this sustained period of impacts would have killed any life on the Earth ’s surface , but not all life on Earth , as many had assumed .
“ We find it is essentially impossible to sterilize the entire habitable zone of the Earth by this kind of bombardment , ” Abramov said in a telephone interview .
“ Certainly , the surface of the Earth was sterilized repeatedly , ” he said .
But he said hydrothermal vents below the surface of the Earth may have offered sanctuaries for certain heat - loving microbes , and may have even provided a kind of incubator for life .
He said many scientists had thought that a cataclysmic bombardment event would have sterilized the planet and life would have had to start anew .
“ The important thing about these results is they push back the possible beginnings of life as we know it , ” he said .
“ Exactly when life originated on Earth is a hotly debated topic , ” said Michael New , an astrobiologist at the National Aeronautics and Space Administration , which sponsored the research .
“ These findings are significant because they indicated life could have begun well before the Late Heavy Bombardment , during the so - called Hadean Eon of Earth ’s history 3.8 billion to 4.5 billion years ago , ” New said in a statement .
A View on Buddhism
THE WISDOM OF EMPTINESS PAGE CONTENTS Conventional and ultimate wisdom
Why trying to understand it ?
Interdependence
Perception and objectivity
Separateness
The philosophy of emptiness
How does this relate to me ?
How to integrate emptiness into everyday life - by Lama Yeshe
How to practice ?
To Think or not to Think ?
Wisdom and Compassion ' I am not , I will not be .
I have not , I will not have .
This frightens all children ,
And kills fear in the wise . '
Nagarjuna CONVENTIONAL
AND ULTIMATE WISDOM
Although Albert Einstein was certainly not a Buddhist , these statements sound much like it : " A human being is part of a whole , called by us the ' universe ' , a part limited in time and space .
He experiences himself , his thoughts and feelings , as something separate from the rest
- a kind of optical delusion of his consciousness .
This delusion is a kind of prison for us , restricting us to our personal desires and to affectation for a few people near us .
Our task must be to free ourselves from this prison by widening our circles of compassion
to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature in its beauty . "
" Reality is merely an illusion , albeit a very persistent one . "
From Living Buddha , Living Christ by Thich Nhat Hanh : " Enlightenment for a wave in the ocean is the moment the wave realises that it is water . "
Wisdom in Buddhism can refer to two types of insight : conventional wisdom and ultimate wisdom : Conventional wisdom relates to understanding the conventional world , or the world as we know it .
Traditionally it refers to understanding the way in which karma functions ; to understand which actions bring us happiness and which bring us suffering .
Conventional wisdom covers all understanding of the world as it functions , including science , with the exception of ultimate wisdom .
Ultimate wisdom ( jñana in Sanskrit ) refers to a direct realisation which is non-dualistic , and contradicts the way in which we ordinarily perceive the world .
The direct experience of ultimate truth , selflessness or emptiness is beyond duality .
It is important to remember that emptiness here does not refer to nothingness or some kind of nihilistic view .
Emptiness refers to the fact that ultimately , our day - to - day experience and perception of reality is wrong , and reality is sctually ' empty ' of many qualities that we normally assign to it .
Describing this non-dual experience in words is not really possible , as language is based on duality and contrasts .
Trying to explain this experience - which contradicts our normal perception - is a bit like explaining colors to someone who is born blind ; difficult to say the least ...
So it is important not to get impatient with it - emptiness is probably one of the most difficult concepts to really get a grasp on - but understanding selfless / emptiness is very important , as is described below .
WHY TRYING TO UNDERSTAND IT ? " ... I believe all suffering is caused by ignorance .
People inflict pain on others in the selfish pursuit of their happiness or satisfaction .
Yet true happiness comes from a sense of peace and contentment , which in turn must be achieved through the cultivation of altruism , of love and compassion , and elimination of ignorance , selfishness , and greed ... "
His Holiness the Dalai Lama
If emptiness can not really be explained in words , why bother ?
According to the Buddha , as long as we do not realise emptiness directly - especially of our idea of how our " I " or ' self ' exists - we do not properly understand what we are or how we function in the world , and we will continue to create causes for our own misery .
" How much suffering and fear , and
How many harmful things are in existence ?
If all arises from clinging to the " I " ,
What should I do with this great demon ? "
Shantideva Merely starting to doubt our perception of the world is invaluable if we ever hope to break the bondage to uncontrolled cyclic existence and suffering .
In order to familiarise ourselves with this all - important experience , we can try to familiarise ourselves with it on an intellectual level .
When we would experience emptiness , we would then be able to recognise it .
Instead of believing we have suddenly gone mad , recognition would encourage us to enhance the experience and achieve liberation from suffering .
Khenchen Thrangu Rinpoche explained it in Pointing Out the Dharmakaya :
We can not get rid of suffering by saying , " I will not suffer . "
We cannot eliminate attachment by saying , " I will not be attached to anything , " nor eliminate aggression by saying , " I will never become angry . "
Yet , we do want to get rid of suffering and the disturbing emotions that are the immediate cause of suffering .
The Buddha taught that to eliminate these states , which are really the results of the primary confusion of our belief in a personal self , we must get rid of the fundamental cause .
But we cannot simply say , " I will not believe in the personal self . "
The only way to eliminate suffering is to actually recognize the experience of a self as a misconception , which we do by proving directly to ourselves that there is no such personal self .
We must actually realise this .
Once we do , then automatically the misconception of a self and our fixation on that " self " will disappear .
Only by directly experiencing selflessness can we end the process of confused projection .
This is why the Buddha emphasized meditation on selflessness or egolessness ( emptiness ) .
However , to meditate on egolessness , we must undertake a process that begins with a conceptual understanding of egolessness ; then , based on that understanding , there can be meditation , and finally realization .
So to summarize ; as long as we do not directly realize selflessness or emptiness , we are stuck in cyclic existence and we will always meet with problems and pain .
Only the direct realization of emptiness opens the door to escape suffering completely , for once and for all .
As everyone wishes to be free from problems forever , striving to realize emptiness is one of the most sensible things we can do in our life .
^ Top of Page INTERDEPENDENCE
The wisdom of emptiness refers to a lack of something : ' inherent existence ' .
' Inherent existence ' means that things appear to exist independently , in - and out of themselves , from the side of the object , by way of its ' own character , self - powered , autonomous .
Ultimately however , things exist in dependence upon causes and conditions .
For example , a human being ceases to exist in a vacuum , we would instantly die when all conditions for life are suddenly gone .
On another level , a human being needs to come into existence by the combination of a sperm from the father joining an egg from the mother and all the right conditions to grow into an embryo .
So , considering ourselves as independently existing , fully autonomous is a mere illusion and does not accord with ultimate reality .
Ultimate wisdom can be compared to eco- thinking in biology : a century ago , biology focused mainly on categorising species of animals and plants and describing their specific aspects .
Plants and animals were cut to ever smaller pieces to analyse how they function .
However , nature also functions at a completely different level ; as relations and processes between living beings .
Ecology appeared as a new branch of biology , more dealing with relations , cycles and interdependence of animals , plants and surroundings .
This is somewhat similar to the view of emptiness .
Instead of focusing on differences and individuality , the realisation of emptiness is about realising that nothing exists by itself alone , but depends on other things .
Just as all living beings rely on other living beings - at least their ancestors , so do even inanimate objects depend on other objects , conditions , parts and processes to arise and disappear .
The fact that we normally do not realise emptiness and the relatedness of things is directly related to our perception .
As soon as we perceive something in the outside world , it feels different from our own body or mind .
We feel as if other things are " out there " , separate from " my self " , which is " in here " .
But are they really separate ?
To begin with , if the outer object would not somehow " relate " to us in the form of sound , smell , light etc. , we would be unable to perceive it .
So our perception of objects depends on interaction , rather than the fact that we are separate .
To put it simple , our perception of the world is only possible because of interaction , interrelation , dependence and exchange of information .
From the Avatamsaka Sutra : " Far away , in the heavenly abode of the great god Indra , there is a wonderful net which has been hung by some cunning artificer in such a manner that it stretches out infinitely in all directions .
In accordance with the extravagant tastes of deities , the artificer has hung a single glittering jewel in each eye of the net , and since the net itself is infinite in dimension , the jewels are infinite in number .
There hang the jewels , glittering like stars of the first magnitude , a wonderful sight to behold .
If we now look closely at any one of the jewels for inspection , we will discover that in its polished surface are reflected all the other jewels in the net , infinite in number .
Not only that , but each of the jewels reflected in this one jewel is reflecting all the other jewels , so that there is an infinite reflection process occuring .
This symbolises our world where every sentient being ( and thing ) is inter-related to one another . "
His Holiness the Fourteenth Dalai Lama , from The Compassionate Life : " All events and incidents in life are so intimately linked with the fate of others that a single person on his or her own cannot even begin to act .
Many ordinary human activities , both positive and negative , cannot even be conceived of apart from the existence of other people .
Even the committing of harmful actions depends on the existence of others .
Because of others , we have the opportunity to earn money if that is what we desire in life .
Similarly , in reliance upon the existence of others it becomes possible for the media to create fame or disrepute for someone .
On your own you cannot create any fame or disrepute no matter how loud you might shout .
The closest you can get is to create an echo of your own voice .
Thus interdependence is a fundamental law of nature .
Not only higher forms of life but also many of the smallest insects are social beings who , without any religion , law , or education , survive by mutual cooperation based on an innate recognition of their interconnectedness .
The most subtle level of material phenomena is also governed by interdependence .
All phenomena , from the planet we inhabit to the oceans , clouds , forests , and flowers that surround us , arise in dependence upon subtle patterns of energy .
Without their proper interaction , they dissolve and decay . "
^ Top of Page PERCEPTION AND OBJECTIVITY
When we perceive an object , we automatically tend to label it ( like nice , bad , wet , dry , light , dark , etc. ) .
As soon as our mind puts a label on an object , the label takes the place of the actual object in our mental processes .
As our mental image or label can never represent all the different qualities and characteristics of any object , it is always just a simplified , usually exaggerated , subjective snap shot .
However , our mind reacts on the basis of our own mental label of an object .
No wonder we tend to react simplistic , exaggerated and subjective in many situations .
All perceived objects are conditioned by our senses and our own mind .
This leads to the dramatic conclusion that we are not and by definition can never be objective !
Or , as the famous physicist Werner Heisenberg said , " What we observe is not nature itself , but nature exposed to our method of questioning " ....
^ Top of Page SEPARATENESS
Our labelling leads to problems like anger and attachment , but also to the more basic problem that we think we are somehow separate from the outside world .
But are we separate from the outside world ?
When we see something - for example a table - it appears to be separate from the rest of the world , just standing there by itself , but is that correct ?
How could the table stand there without the ground supporting it ?
How could the table exist without a carpenter making it from pieces of wood ?
The pieces of wood come from a tree , which comes from a seed , water , soil , air , the sun and its nuclear fusion of hydrogen atoms etcetera ....
Every object needs causes and conditions to exist , just like we need our parents , food , air , clothes and many more things to exist .
Apart from that , our perception of an object is strongly coloured by our own senses , mental state and memories .
In this way , it becomes impossible to maintain that ' I ' am separate from the outside world , however much it feels that way .
" Monks , we who look at the whole and not just the part , know that we too are systems of interdependence , of feelings , perceptions , thoughts , and consciousness all interconnected .
Investigating in this way , we come to realize that there is no me or mine in any one part , just as a sound does not belong to any one part of the lute . "
- Samyutta Nikaya , from " Buddha Speaks " ^ Top of Page THE PHILOSOPHY OF EMPTINESS
The Prasangika Madhyamila philosophical school of Buddhism teaches that things are : 1 . Dependent on their parts
2. Interrelated , not isolated
3. Merely labelled
To prevent misunderstanding , we must avoid the " two extremes " , that is , believing that : 1 . Things are permanent , independent of their parts , and independent of our labelling
2 . Things do not exist at all ( nihilism ) .
HOW DOES THIS RELATE TO ME ?
This view has consequences when it is applied to whatever I call " I " and " mine " : I am not isolated from my surroundings and other living beings .
I " create " the world with my own concepts and ideas .
The world is like an illusion : how I see the world depends on my own ideas / projections .
an illusion : how I see the world depends on my own ideas / projections .
This world is " my " film , " my " projection , I run the show , so I can change my experience of the world .
I can change the world , if I start with my own mind .
I can change , as " I " is only a concept , impermanent and dependent on causes and conditions , just like all phenomena ( even emptiness itself ) .
change , as " I " is only a concept , impermanent and dependent on causes and conditions , just like all phenomena ( even emptiness itself ) .
Although I can understand this intellectually , I do n't perceive the world that way until I directly realise emptiness !
" Sometimes , the thought of " I " suddenly arises with great force ....
The situation is like that of a rock or a tree seen protruding up from the peak of a hill on the horizon :
From afar it may be mistaken for a human being .
Yet the existence of a human in that rock or tree is only an illusion .
On deeper investigation , no human being can be found in any of the individual pieces of the protruding entity , nor in its collection of parts , nor in any other aspect of it .
Nothing in the protrusion can be said to be a valid basis for the name " human being . "
Likewise , the solid " I " which seems to exist somewhere within the body and mind is merely an imputation .
The body and mind are no more represented by the sense of " I " than is the protruding rock represented by the word " human . "
This " I " cannot be located anywhere within any individual piece of the body and mind , nor is it found within the body and mind as a collection , nor is there a place outside of these that could be considered to be a substantial basis of the object referred to by the name " I " . "
The Second Dalai Lama ( 1475 -1542 ) , in Samuel Bercholz 's ' Entering the Stream ' .
... when we talk about the notion of self in Buddhism , it is important to bear in mind that there are different degrees or types .
There are some types of sense of self which are not only to be cultivated but also to be reinforced and enhanced .
For instance , in order to have a strong determination to seek Buddhahood for the benefit of all sentient beings , one needs a very strong sense of confidence , which is based upon a sense of commitment and courage .
This requires a strong sense of self .
Unless one has that identity or sense of self , one will not be able to develop the confidence and courage to strongly seek this aim .
In addition , the doctrine of Buddha - nature gives us a lot of encouragement and confidence because we realize that there is this potential within us which will allow us to attain the perfection that we are seeking .
However , there are different types of sense of self which are rooted in a belief in a permanent , solid , indivisible entity called " self " or " I . "
There is the belief that there is something very concrete or objective about this entity .
This is a false notion of self which must be overcome .
From Healing Anger by His Holiness the Dalai Lama Please do take 5 minutes to look at this enjoyable video on YouTube with smooth music from Sakya Mipham , that has a remarkable message - think about it !
^ Top of Page HOW TO INTEGRATE EMPTINESS INTO DAILY LIFE
By Lama Thubten Yeshe
What is emptiness ?
Emptiness ( shunyata ) is the reality of the existence of ourselves , and all the phenomena around us .
According to the Buddhist point of view , seeking reality and seeking liberation amount to the same thing .
The person who does n't want to seek reality does n't really want to seek liberation , and is just confused .
If you seek reality and you think that it has to be taught to you by a Tibetan Lama , that you have to look for it outside yourself , in another place - maybe Shangrila !
- then you are mistaken .
You cannot seek reality outside yourself because you are reality .
Perhaps you think that your life , your reality was made by society , by your friends ?
If you think that way you are far from reality .
if you think that your existence , your life was made by somebody else it means that you are not taking the responsibility to understand reality .
You have to see that your attitudes , your view of the world , of your experiences , of your girlfriend or boyfriend , of your own self , are all the interpretation of your own mind , your own imagination .
They are your own projection , your mind literally made them up .
If you do n't understand this then you have very little chance of understanding emptiness .
This is not just the Buddhist view but also the experience of Western physicists and philosophers - they have researched into reality too .
Physicists look and look and look and they simply cannot find one entity that exists in a permanent , stable way : this is the Western experience of emptiness .
If you can imagine that then you will not have any concrete concepts ; if you understand this experience of physicists then you will let go of your worldly problems - but you do n't want to understand .
It seems to me that we twentieth century people are against nature , against reality , the very opposite of reality .
Each moment we build up our artificial , polluted ego ; we cover ourselves with heavy ego blankets - one , two , ten , one hundred blankets against nature , against reality .
Modern life is the product of the intellectual mind , and we create it .
The intellectual mind is superstition .
We do n't understand reality , and the intellectual life that we lead keeps us far from reality .
So we do n't accept who we are .
We are always looking to cover ourselves with thick blankets and say " this is me " .
We hide our own reality and run away from natural beauty , completely neglecting it .
By not touching our reality , our modern life becomes so complicated and we create problems with our superstition .
We are like a spider spinning his web , climbing on his thread then falling down ; climbing up again and falling down again .
In the same way we build our own intellectual web , a way of life , that is so complicated , that does n't touch reality , that is so difficult to live in .
This construction arises from our own mind and does not arise from anything else .
If I told you that you are nothing , you are zero , that you are nothing that you think you are , then you would be shocked .
" What is this monk saying ? "
But what if I say that it is the truth !
In fact you are non duality , non self existence .
You do not exist , relatively or absolutely , as you think you do .
If you really understood this then you would become more realistic and you would really gain satisfaction and peace .
But as long as you hold on to the fantasy , concrete conception of yourself and project this wrong conception onto your environment , then no way will you understand reality .
In Western cities nowadays , you can see , the older you are the more problems you have .
When we are young , not so many problems , but then there are drugs and sex , and eventually they become dissatisfying , then more depression , more depression .
So , as your body becomes bigger and your brain becomes wider , you have more and more problems and become more and more depressed .
The more money you have the more problems come .
You can see this .
You only take care of your body , you never take care of your mind , and the result of this imbalance is depression .
For most western people this is the case : only the body is reality and they do n't care about the existence of the mind , the soul , the consciousness .
They do n't believe they can change their minds .
They can change their nose through an operation , but they do n't believe they can change their mind .
And when you believe this , then no way can you resolve your depression .
Our thoughts , our mind or consciousness are mental energy and cannot be localised in the body .
It can not be touched ; it has no form and does not travel in time and space .
We can not touch it or grasp it .
What is important to understand is that the view you have of yourself and the view you have of your environment are based on your own mind ; they are the projection of your mind and that is why they are not reality .
I will give you a good example .
When a western man or woman looks for a girl or boyfriend , there is this research energy from both sides and when suddenly they see each other they make up an incredible story .
" Oh , so beautiful !
Nothing wrong inside or outside " .
They build up a perfect myth .
They push and push . , the mind makes it all up .
If they are Christian they say , " Oh , he looks just like Jesus .
She looks just like an angel .
So nice , so pure " .
Actually , they are just projecting their own fantasies onto each other .
If she is Hindu , then he would say , " Oh , she looks like Kali , like Mother Earth , like my universal mother " ... and if you are Buddhist you fold your hands and say , " Oh , she is a dakini and she is showing me the true nature of all things " .
You understand ?
" When I am near her she gives me energy , energy .
Before , I was so lazy , I could n't move , I was like a dead person .
But now whenever I go near her I can't believe my energy ! "
I tell you all this is superstitious interpretation .
You think that she is your spiritual friend and all she does is really perfect , even her kaka and pee pee are so pure !
Excuse me , perhaps I should n't talk like this - I am a Buddhist monk !
But when we speak about Buddhism , about reality then we have to speak practically , from daily life , about what is earthy , what we can touch and see , not just get caught up in concepts .
What I mean is this : you should recognise how every appearance in your daily lift is in fact a false projection of your own mind .
Your own mind makes it up and becomes an obstacle to touching reality .
This is why , our entire life , no matter what kind of life we have , it is a disaster .
If you have a rich life , your life is a disaster .
If you have a middle class life , your life is a disaster .
If you have a poor life , your life is even more of a disaster !
You become a monk and your life is a disaster .
If you become a Christian your life is a disaster .
A Buddhist , disaster ...
Be honest .
Be honest with yourself .
In fact reality is very simple .
The simplicity of the mind can touch reality , and meditation is something that goes beyond the intellect and brings the mind into its natural state .
We have the pure nature already , this reality exists in us now , it is born with us ...
The essence of your consciousness , your truth , your soul is not absolutely negative , it does not have an essentially negative character .
Our mind is like the sky and our problems of ego grasping and self pity are like clouds .
Eventually they all pass and disappear .
You should not believe , " I am my ego , I am my problems , therefore I cannot solve my problems " .
Wrong .
You can see .
Sometimes we are so clear in our life we are almost radiating .
We can have this experience right now .
Now !
So it is wrong to think that we are always a disaster .
Sometimes we are clean clear , sometimes we are a disaster .
So , stay in meditation , just keep in that clean clear state as much as possible .
All of us can have that clean clear state of mind .
Actually , maybe this is the moment to meditate .
My feeling is to meditate now .
So , close your eyes , do n't think , " I am meditating " , just close your eyes and whatever view is there , whatever view is there in your mind , just be aware .
Do n't interpret good , bad .
Just be like a light - light does n't think " I like this , I like that " .
It is just a light .
Whatever is in your consciousness , whatever experience , just be aware .
That is all .
Whatever your experience at the moment , whatever your colour , whatever appearance is there , just stay aware .
Be aware .
If it 's black energy , then that black energy is clean clear .
If it 's white energy , just feel that clean clear state .
Be aware of whatever is happening .
No interpretation ...
Do n't try to hold onto something or to reject something .
Excerpt from Lama Yeshe's talk at VajraYogini Institute , France , September 5 , 1983 .
^ Top of Page HOW TO PRACTISE ?
To realise emptiness , externally we need a qualified teacher , and internally we need enough merit ( or karma ) , purification , practice of ethics , keeping our vows and generating single - pointed concentration .
In the Tibetan tradition : first one tries to intellectually understand it , then later the realisation can ripen in the well - prepared field of our mind .
It is advised to analyse the " I " first , and then later one analyses other phenomena in the same way , for example using the " fourfold analysis " : 1 . Identify object of negation : inherently existent " I "
2. Determine possibilities of how the " I " exists : is it the body , the mind , both or different ?
( We can say , " I have have a body and a mind " , which would indicate that the " I " is something different from the body and the mind , but is that possible ? )
3 . Is the " I " same as body and / or mind ?
4 . Is the " I " other than body and mind ?
" While you are meditating there is an " I " ( representing the Self ) which appears to exist from its own side .
Right on top of that think , ' the I is merely labelled ' .
Just meditate on the meaning of the I being merely labelled .
I is a name ; a name does not exist from its own side , a name is given , imputed by the mind .
We can completely agree with that .
This I is merely labelled ; concentrate on just that .
Try to feel that .
This automatically eliminates eternalism , the view of a truly existent I . "
Lama Zopa Rinpoche " Intelligent Practice always deals with just one thing : the fear at the base of human existence , the fear that I am not .
And of course I am not , but the last thing I want to know is that .
I am impermanence itself in a rapidly changing human form that appears solid .
I fear to see what I am : an ever - changing energy field .
I do n't want to be that .
So good practice is about fear .
Fear takes the form of constantly thinking , speculating , analyzing , fantasizing .
With all that activity we create a cloud to keep ourselves safe in make - believe practice .
True practice is not safe ; it 's anything but safe .
But we do n't like that , so we obsess with our feverish efforts to achieve our version of the personal dream .
Such obsessive practice is itself just another cloud between ourselves and reality .
The only thing that matters is seeing with an impersonal spotlight : seeing things as they really are .
When the personal barrier drops away , why do we have to call it anything ?
We just live our lives .
And when we die , we just die .
No problem anywhere . "
Charlotte Joko Beck , in ' Everyday Zen '
" Our exaggerated sense of self and our compulsion to find happiness for this larger - than - life self we have fabricated cause us to ignore , neglect and harm others .
Of course , it is our right to love and take care of ourselves , but not at the expense of others .
While " As long as I 'm alright " is our motto , we have no hesitation in acting with total disregard for others . "
From : The Three Principal Aspects of the Path : An Oral Teaching by Geshe Sonam Rinchen
For a funny practical teaching ; click on the Snowman to download this self - extracting Flash file ( it is 256 kB , so may take a couple of minutes to download ) .
^ Top of Page TO THINK OR NOT TO THINK ?
One issue which can create much confusion is about our dualistic mind .
Normally , our mind functions on a very dualistic level , which means that we continuously make distinctions , like black and white , good and bad , hard and soft .
This level of mind reasons and is the basis for our ability to think logical using concepts .
However , the goal of the teachings on emptiness is to lead to a non-dualistic experience ( realisation ) of emptiness .
Different schools may approach this problem differently ; for example , the Zen schools tend to emphasise first achieving a non-dualistic state of mind in meditation , the Tibetan schools first emphasise proper dualistic , inferential , logical understanding of the subject , and then meditating on it to achieve the direct realisation .
A question was put to to His Holiness Dalai Lama : " How does one go from inferential knowledge to nonconceptual knowledge ?
Since analysis is used to arrive at total inferential knowledge any more analysis would still be inferential . "
His Holiness ' answer : " Among meditations there are many different types and in special situations such as certain levels of Highest Yoga Tantra for example , analysis is discouraged .
The general mode of procedure on the Buddhist path is that through constant reflection on the knowledge which is initially inferential , through various stages of familiarisation , reflection and contemplation , that knowledge which is initially inferential could eventually become nonconceptual .
The engagement of that knowledge in relation to the object becomes subtler and subtler , eventually the knowledge becomes direct and unveiled .
Generally speaking it is very true that there must be a correlation between cause and its effects .
Any cause can not give rise to any effect .
There must be some causal relationship and connection but that does not mean that every effect must have completely similar causes .
Take for instance the omnisicent mind of the Buddha ; if we insist that its cause must be completely similar in characteristics with its effect which is omniscient mind , then we will have to maintain that within us we possess the seed for attaining Buddha 's omniscient mind and wisdom .
Then we must possess within us , even to a slight degree some form of Buddha 's omniscient mind which cannot be maintained .
As far as non-conceptual awareness or wisdom of Arya beings is concerned , the causes need not be such high states of realisation .
Therefore regarding the non-dualistic awareness or wisdom of Arya beings , their causes can be said to exist even within ordinary beings .
If we examine our mind , as long as we remain in an ordinary state of existence , our mind is characterized by dualistic perceptions , dualistic experiences .
Within this dualistic experience and perception we must be able to seek some kind of seed which would give rise to non-dual wisdom and awareness .
Therefore in the initial stage of knowledge , it is inferential , dualistic and characterized by duality between subject and object .
As you train your mind and constantly reflect and cultivate your familiarity with that object , then that subject and object duality will gradually diminish in its intensity .
Gradually it will lead you to realization .
Your knowledge of the object becomes direct , intuitive and non-conceptual .
When we talk of non-dual awareness in the context of dualistic appearances or dualism , one must bear in mind that there are many different meanings of the term .
Dualistic experience could be understood in terms of a multitude of ways : conventional appearance as dualistic appearance , subject and object duality or separateness as being dualistic appearance ; or as a generated image through which we can conceive as object , that image can be seen as dualistic appearance .
Similarly when we come across the term non-conceptuality we do not have the notion that there is only a single meaning which is universal in every single context .
Non-conceptuality will have different meanings in different contexts . "
^ Top of Page WISDOM AND COMPASSION
With this explanation , you may be tempted to think that emptiness is all about playing with words and doing complicated mind games .
However , it is said that realising emptiness directly can solve all our problems , as all our problems are caused by our misunderstanding of the world .
As all our communication is based on words which cannot express the ultimate truth , please try to discover the real meaning behind the words for yourself !
Another thing that should be kept in mind is that when one directly experiences emptiness , the mind cannot perceive anything dualistic , meaning it cannot perceive anything of the " normal " world .
That does not mean there is no perception at all , but we would perceive the world very different .
Perhaps comparable as if everyone would have an eye - defect and see all things as blue .
When a medicine becomes available to cure this defect , nothing would look familiar , as the colors all appear to unfamiliar and strange .
This is why discussions on emptiness often tend to go astray and may have an " otherworldly " feel to them , from the ultimate view of emptiness , all our normal perception and thinking about reality is flawed .
It is said that only a fully realised Buddha can experience emptiness and ordinary existence simultaneously .
Now a few words on the combination of wisdom and compassion .
In Tibetan Buddhism , these are considered the two most important aspects of practice .
Just like a bird needs two wings to fly ; a very compassionate person without wisdom is only a likeable fool , and a person with wisdom and no compassion is like a lonely hermit in an ivory tower ...
Both will reinforce each other : once we realise how interrelated we all are , it is hard not to feel some level of compassion , and once we feel compassionate to others we realise our interrelatedness .
" Recently I am emphasizing that due to the modern economy , and also due to information and education , the world is now heavily interdependent , interconnected .
Under such circumstances , the concept of ' we ' and ' they ' is gone : harming your neighbor is actually harming yourself .
If you do negative things towards your neighbor , that is actually creating your own suffering .
And helping them , showing concern about others ' welfare -- actually these are the major factors of your own happiness .
If you want a community full of joy , full of friendship , you should create that possibility .
If you remain negative , and meantime want more smiles and friendship from your neighbors , that 's illogical .
If you want a more friendly neighbor , you must create the atmosphere .
They they will respond . "
His Holiness the Dalai Lama ( from an interview in the November issue of the Shambala Sun ) " The one thing to be attained is essentially void and compassionate .
Let me explain .
The realisation of voidness is the absolute spirit of enlightenment ; it is seeing that all things are unborn .
Compassion is the relative spirit of enlightenment ; it is reaching out in love to all beings who have yet to realise that they are unborn .
Those who follow the Mahayana path should develop these two forms of the spirit of enlightenment . "
Drom Tonpa
" The supreme goal of the teachings is the emptiness whose nature is compassion . "
Atisha " Know emptiness , be compassionate . "
Milarepa Samadhi Raja Sutra
Know all things to be like this :
A mirage , a cloud castle ,
A dream , an apparition ,
Without essence , but with qualities that can be seen .
Know all things to be like this :
As the moon in a bright sky
In some clear lake reflected ,
Though to that lake the moon has never moved .
Know all things to be like this :
As an echo that derives
From music , sounds , and weeping ,
Yet in that echo is no melody .
Know all things to be like this :
As a magician makes illusions
Of horses , oxen , carts and other things ,
Nothing is as it appears .
The Buddha
LINKS
For meditations , see the List of Sample Meditations .
See also my essay Mount Emptiness ( a simpleton 's comparison of modern science and the Buddhist ' emptiness ' )
Interesting reflections on meditation on emptiness on Buddhanet Just for fun : Click for a funny illustration of emptiness with a Snowman ( this self - extracting file is 256 kB , so it may take a couple of minutes to download )
Show me a sane man and I will cure him for you .
Carl Gustav Jung
Says the lama to his pupil : " Do you understand that you do n't really exist ? "
Upon which the pupil replies : " Whom are you telling that ? "
Anyone who is n't confused , really does n't understand the situation .
Edward R. Murrow
It is not wise to be wiser than necessary .
Philippe Quinault Nothing is a problem
Bill Austin
I is the first letter of the alphabet , the first word of the language , the first thought of the mind , the first object of affection .
In grammar it is a pronoun of the first person and singular number .
Its plural is said to be We , but how there can be more than one myself is doubtless clearer to the grammarians than it is to the author of this incomparable dictionary .
Conception of two myselves is difficult , but fine .
The frank yet graceful use of " I " distinguishes a good writer from a bad ; the latter carries it with the manner of a thief trying to cloak his loot .
Ambrose Bierce Previous Page | ^ Top of Page | Next Page - A Spiritual Teacher
Modeling Wine development and Linux adoption
A while back I found myself facing the question of when we could expect Wine to get substantially better .
Wine has been in development for 16 years , and while it has millions of users there are still a great deal who are unhappy with it .
This is completely understandable – Wine does n’t yet work perfectly with all their applications , and they should n’t be happy until it does .
So , I decided to make a model of Wine development .
That way I could figure out if we were doing something wrong , or if it even mattered which bugs we were solving as long as we were working .
Modelling
Wine development and user happiness
Let ’s define the Wine project as a set of 10,000 or so bugs yet to be solved .
Maybe these represent API functions , or usability issues , or performance problems – whatever .
Some of these bugs may be harder to solve than others , so we ’ll give each one a difficulty rating in terms of time .
Now let ’s define an application as some subset of these bugs .
A working application is one that has all its bugs solved .
We can also give each bug a different relative probability of affecting an application – maybe bug x is 10 times more likely to affect an application than bug y .
A user is then defined as a set of applications he needs .
A “ happy user ” is one who has all his applications working .
Just like with the applications , we can assign relative probabilities to reflect the real world – World of Warcraft is 60 times more likely than CuteCatExploder Pro .
Finally , we need some strategy for solving the bugs .
We ’ll get to 100 % bugs solved in the same amount of time regardless , but the order we do them in will matter .
I was able to come up with about a dozen or so strategies , such as “ pick a random unhappy user and solve a random bug in one of his applications ” .
I picked the most realistic of these , and told the simulation to alternate between them .
I then turned this all into a python script and combed it with the cairoplot chart generator , generating a picture like this :
You can download the script and play with it yourself – much of it is easily customizable
UPDATE : I ’ve cleaned up this code again after a long time , find a newer version here on github .
Surprising things learned from the model :
The strategy we use – the order we tackle various bugs – really does matter .
Every strategy gets to the perfect 100 % end after solving all the bugs , but some get you 10 times as many happy users when you ’re only half done .
In practice , having far more users likely translates into extra developers and a much faster rate of development .
Varying the difficulty of individual bugs did n’t matter much .
The pictures came out pretty much the same
Prioritizing the last few bugs in apps that are almost done is one of the most productive ways to increase happy users – in the simulations I ran it even outperformed working on the most popular application .
Unfortunately in the real world it can sometimes be difficult to tell if an application “ almost works ” in Wine .
Similarly , “ almost happy users ” are the easiest to satisfy .
When we have many to choose from , picking one arbitrarily and ensuring he was happy before moving on to the next user significantly outperformed trying to satisfy almost happy users at random .
Instances of “ collateral damage ” – the fixing of one application causing another application to start working without any extra effort – are rather uncommon until most applications are almost working .
The wintrust API is needed by both Steam and iTunes , however when enough of wintrust was implemented to make Steam work there were still many unrelated bugs causing iTunes to remain broken .
Just about every reasonable way of generating bug difficulty , relative bug probability , applications , and users that I could think of lead to the same general picture : something that looks roughly linear for most of it before taking a very sharp upward turn near the very end .
In other words , the model tells us that we should expect to be pleasantly surprised .
At some point , Wine will get very good very fast .
So , when will that point of sudden very rapid growth begin in the real world ?
No one can really know – even analyzing statistics like the growth of platinum ratings on AppDB would only give us information after the fact .
Modeling Linux adoption
We can make a similar model for Linux adoption itself .
Just imagine a few well - known barriers to entry , like driver support and compatibility with existing applications .
Now suppose that a particular barrier affects some large percentage of potential users .
If 80 % of users ca n’t switch until they have working drivers , 80 % ca n’t switch because of some existing Windows application , and 80 % ca n’t switch because they have n’t heard of Ubuntu , then that means we can only expect to get 0.8 % of the users .
This is , incidentally , about as many as we have .
As Joel on Software * puts it :
Think of these barriers as an obstacle course that people have to run before you can count them as your customers .
If you start out with a field of 1000 runners , about half of them will trip on the tires ; half of the survivors wo n’t be strong enough to jump the wall ; half of those survivors will fall off the rope ladder into the mud , and so on , until only 1 or 2 people actually overcome all the hurdles .
So what ’s our best strategy then ?
Eliminating these barriers to entry – turning the rope ladder into an elevator – is the only way to get new users .
If we fix the driver problem , and the driver problem affects 80 % of our would - be users , then we can quintuple our user base .
If we fix the Windows application problem , and make Wine work well , then we can quintuple usage again .
* Full article by Joel on Software
Even my Jewish Gay Lover , who is normally a “ Nuke ’em all ” type Zionist , has newfound respect for Iranians .
How could you not ?
Watching them fight and die for their freedom over the last couple weeks – ya ca n’t help but feel like a bit of a hypocrite ;
Even my Jewish Gay Lover , who is normally a “ Nuke ’em all ” type Zionist , has newfound respect for Iranians .
How could you not ?
Watching them fight and die for their freedom over the last couple weeks – ya ca n’t help but feel like a bit of a hypocrite ; I mean , all most of us did for our freedom was get born from the right set of vagina .
This current situation is pretty enraging , and any decent person ’s gut reaction would be to stand up and save these brave and inspiring freedom fighters .
So given a genie - in - a - lamp , what would Obama and I wish for ?
Well , we ’d like to gather :
– The military
– The Black Israelite preachers from 42nd street & 8th
– The cast of The Wire
– John Rambo
– That one nigga from OZ
Put ’em into GI - JOE choppers , and fly ’em over to Iran watching an in - flight movie of Neda ’s death on continuous loop .
Upon arriving , we ’d like to have these “ hard hittin ’ niggas ” systematically hunt down every mullah and cleric and magic user and psycho holocaust - denying politician , and have the nigga from OZ ass - rape them all one - by - one while it ’s broadcast on Iranian - accessible pay per view–what a way to welcome Iran ’s newfound NC - 17 FREEDOM !
Next , Obama and I would like the Iranian people to vote on a new leader – and believe me , with THREE FIFFS of Iran being under 30 , those kids are gonna elect a candidate so left wing he ’s gonna make Mousavi look like Muslim Hitler .
Feel better ?
Aight , Fantasy over .
Hope you enjoyed it , because that ’s the closest we ’re gonna get to satisfaction .
It sucks ass , but in the real world there are rules ;
If you do n’t follow the rules , you get something that looks like what we ’ve got in Iraq .
Remember that the whole reason we wanted an intelligent president in the first place was so that he ’d look at this shit scientifically and not just do what his gang or his gut or his god told him to .
Now , Obama is looking at this systematically , and he ’s got some very smart muthafuckas helpin out .
Here ’s what they are tellin him :
– GUIDE TO OVERTHROWING TOTALITARIAN REGIMES IN 2009 –
1 ) Facebook , Youtube , Movies , Porn , Books , Beer , Pussy , and X - Box are FUCKING AWESOME .
99 % of kids in the world want these things .
2 ) ANY kids who are prohibited from having this shit because of their wack - ass religious or nationalist governments will eventually be willing to FIGHT and DIE to get these things , a.k.a. FREEDOM .
3 ) Totalitarian governments do n’t want their kids to have this shit , because they feel it waters down their religious or nationalistic dedication and therefore makes them harder to control .
( By the way , if these governments were smart , they ’d learn that they can control their kids THROUGH this shit the way the US Gov’t does ! )
4 ) Cool shit just keeps getting cooler , and communication technology just keeps rubbing it in these poor deprived kids ’ faces harder and harder .
There are also a LOT of women who are being treated like animals , and you do n’t even need to tempt them with X - box – they ’re ready to fuck shit up just to get the right to vote and read and wear what they want .
5 ) Therefore , as X approaches infinity , revolutions will happen in all of these countries on their own .
6 ) The ONLY thing that the US can do to FUCK UP these inevitable revolutions is to give these governments something to rally their people around , i.e. by playing into the role of “ The Great Satan . ”
7 ) Give these governments rope enough to hang themselves , and give them NO ONE to blame , and you will expose them as lying psychopaths and empower the people and their revolutions .
Obama is following these guidelines , and it ’s working .
The US is staying out of Iran , and Iran is STILL blaming the US – and looking psychotic in the process .
It ’s like when PETA got on Obama ’s case for swatting that fly – even vegetarians said :
Hmmm , maybe these niggas really are crazy .
I mean , I was buying what PETA said when they were bitching about “ Fur is Murder ” and “ Stop Testing Chemicals on Animals ” – that shit seemed fucked up – but getting on a nigga for swatting a fly ?
That ’s just crazy .
Well , Ahmadinejad is PETA – he ’s blaming the US for these problems , and the Iranian people , the rest of the muslim world – hell , even EUROPE – is saying :
Hmmmm , maybe these niggas really are crazy .
I mean , I was buying it when they were saying “ Hey , the US is going into Iraq and trying to occupy shit and get cheap oil ” – and maybe they wanted that oil bad enough to fake the 9 - 11 attacks – but yo , the idea that all these Iranian kids on the streets are US agents ??
That ’s just crazy .
Through acting rationally and intelligently , the US can continue to amass the respect of the world .
You might say “ who gives a shit ? ”
Well , respect and admiration is n’t just fruity hippie shit – in the end , it lets us win wars without forcing us to fire a shot .
The best part is undoubtedly this : all YOU have to do , SBTVC community , is keep using the internet , jacking off , and eating burgers .
You ’re making Iranians jealous , and they ’ll kill to have what you ’ve already got .
It ’s called intelligence , analysis , and strategy .
George Bush , John McCain , Gavin McInnes – when you scream for blood and confrontation , y’all just playin Checkers ; Barack Obama playin ’ Chess .
Follow BN on Twitter
[ Blognigger ,
I never said “ invade Iran ” you stupid motherfucking cocksucker !!!
Nobody did .
All I did was call him out on being a fucking pussy and not even SPEAKING out about this for days and days and days .
And do n’t lump me in with George Bush you stupid fucking fuckfaced shitstain .
I ’ll bet you $ 1,000 you never even read the article and just thought , “ I love Obama , so let me get some straw men in line to show my affection . ”
– Gavin
PS : Fuck you , you anonymous coward . ]
China concerned over Rio-BHP alliance monopoly risk
( Xinhua )
Updated : 2009-06-09 11:52
The new alliance between Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton Ltd might lead to a monopoly operation and China should be prepared for anti-monopoly measures , warned an expert .
Mei Xinyu , an economist with the Ministry of Commerce ( MOC ) , told Xinhua Monday that China should closely watch the joint venture process of the two mining giants and be ready to work with other countries to curb market manipulation when necessary , with the help of the anti-monopoly law .
Rio Tinto scrapped the proposed $ 19.5 billion of investment by Aluminum Corp of China , or Chinalco , on Friday .
The company announced a cooperative venture with BHP Billiton , which would pay Rio Tinto $ 5.8 billion to set up a joint venture to run the iron ore resources of both companies in west Australia .
It was " something other than economic concern " , said Zhang Yansheng , director of the Institute of Foreign Trade of the National Development and Reform Commission .
Almost half of China 's iron ore needed to be imported , more than half of which was imported from Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton , according to Shan of CISA .
Colin Barnett , premier of Western Australia , told Australian media last Friday China was not on the list of approvals that the two companies needed to obtain .
Internationally they would need the approval of the European Union and possibly the US Justice Department , apart from investigations at nation and state level , he said .
Also , Zhang Junsheng , director of the WTO Research Institute at the University of International Business and Economics in Beijing , said China might not have a say on the issue , as neither Rio Tinto or BHP Billiton had an affiliated company in China .
It has only been two days since the initial release of Phusion Passenger for Nginx , and it has already exceeded our wildest expectations .
Only minutes after publishing the announcement , hundreds of people visited our blog .
Our bandwidth usage skyrocketed and was heavily utilized for quite some time .
There were hundreds upon hundreds of tweets .
Thank you all for your enthusiasm ! 🙂
Shortly after the release , the first bug reports came in .
Some people were having compilation problems .
We know that many of you are eager to try Phusion Passenger for Nginx , and we do n’t want to keep you waiting , so we ’ve made it a priority to get this bugfix release out of the door as soon as possible .
Today , we proudly present Phusion Passenger 2.2.1 !
The changes are as follows :
Fixed compilation errors caused by warnings .
Some people on 64 - bit Linux platforms might experience this .
Issue # 249 .
Fixed http_rewrite_module support .
The installer was supposed to only deactivate it if PCRE is not installed , because rewrite_module depends on PCRE .
Because of a typo it disabled rewrite_module even if PCRE is installed .
Fixes issue # 251 .
Fixed Nginx 0.7 support .
Issue # 252 .
Phusion Passenger 2.2.0 actually supports an older version of Nginx 0.7 , but it seems that recent Nginx releases broke it again .
The 0.7 series of Nginx is changing rapidly , so we ’ve decided to only support the latest version of the 0.7 series .
So if you ’re running Nginx 0.7.x , and Phusion Passenger does n’t compile correctly , then please check whether you ’re running the latest version of the 0.7 series .
How do I upgrade to 2.2.1 ?
Via a gem
Please install it with the following command :
gem install passenger
Next , run :
passenger - install - apache2- module
or
passenger - install- nginx - module
Please do n’t forget to copy & paste the Apache / Nginx config snippet that the installer gives you .
Via a native Linux package
John Leach from Brightbox has kindly provided an Ubuntu 8.04 package for Phusion Passenger .
The package is available from the Brightbox repository which you can find
at :
http://apt.brightbox.net
Add the following line to the Third Party Software Sources :
deb http://apt.brightbox.net hardy main
( The simplest way to do that is to create a file in /etc/apt/sources.list.d/ containing the deb instruction , and then run ‘ apt - get update ’ ) .
Once you ’ve done this then you can install Phusion Passenger by running :
apt - get install libapache2 - mod - passenger
Final
If you like our work , please recommend us on Working With Rails .
Pictured :
The orangutans who overcame their fear of water ( and crocodiles ) to swim in search of food
Advertisement
According to the laws of nature , apes and water do n't mix .
But no one seems to have told these orangutans .
Splashing gleefully in a muddy river , they have obviously overcome their natural fear of getting wet .
And their deeply - held suspicion that crocodiles are lurking somewhere in the water .
Instead , they dived in at the deep end , paddled back and forth from the shore and swung into the water from overhanging branches .
This extremely rare picture shows an orangutan after swimming through the waters of the Rungan River , in Central Borneo , Indonesia
In fact , they did everything practised pool goers would , apart from perhaps bagging the best loungers at the side .
Wildlife experts were astonished to see the orangutans ' aquatic display in a river on Borneo .
' This is a rarity - to see orangutans coming down for a swim is unheard of in the wild , ' says Simon Husson , scientific consultant for the Borneo Orangutan Survival Foundation .
' However , we know that orangutans are intelligent and innovative .
' They try out different behaviours , or ways of solving problems in their environment , and over time develop cultural innovations . '
According to experts , it is unusual for orangutan to swim in the river because they are afraid of water and of predators like crocodiles
Whereas the huge apes used to swing from branch to branch across the water they now have no choice but to take to the water
The orangutans were spotted splashing around in the Rungan River near the rescue and rehabilitation centre where they live in central Borneo , Indonesia .
But unlike King Louie in the 1968 Disney movie Jungle Book - who declared himself the King of the Swingers - they seemed to be competing to be king of the swimmers .
The group of 12 were rescued after their native habitat was destroyed by loggers and are in the last stages of rehabilitation before they are returned to the wild .
Logging in Borneo has ruined the orangutans ' habitat , threatening their existence in the wild
Look who 's dropped in :
An ape takes the plunge
Enjoying a plentiful food supply at the rescue centre instead of scrabbling for survival with the loggers on their trail , has done wonders for the orangutans .
In fact , it is the life of plenty that apparently gave them the courage to take to the water .
' When orangutans have a large food supply , then they feel emboldened to experiment with their surroundings , ' Mr Husson said .
' The islands on which these orangutans have been placed to prepare them for release back into the wild have more and better food resources than the average forest , so it is unsurprising that these apes are trying out different things - like swimming .
The rising worldwide demand for palm oil , used to make bio - diesel fuel , has led to mass deforestation in Borneo
An ape takes to the water in search of food .
The photographer said : ' I spent three days on a boat waiting for the orangutans to come to the river bank and swim and on the third morning I got what I wanted '
' Also , in this area there is a very low to non-existent crocodile population which may have been noticed by the orangutans . '
Villagers who live near the Rungan River have been aware of the orangutans ' extraordinary water aerobics for some time .
Photographer Ardiles Rante , who took these amazing pictures , spent three days on the riverbank waiting for the orangutans to turn up .
' They were simply playing and messing around in the water and were thoroughly enjoying themselves , ' he said .
' The water here can get up to 30 feet deep in places and the orangutans just seemed to wade out and swim .
' The majority of them used a branch for support , but they did not seem put off by the water or being wet .
They all seemed to know exactly what they were doing .'
Thank you to all of those that helped bring this 15 + year quest to an end .
Our Cyclotron Library now has a complete hardbound collection of proceedings from all of the cyclotron conference held to - date .
To our knowledge this is the only complete set ( there are probably others , but [… ]
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A row has flared over Pope Benedict XVI 's membership as a teenager of the Hitler Youth , as he paid an historic visit to Jerusalem 's holy sites .
A Vatican spokesman said the pontiff had " never , never , never " belonged - contradicting the Pope 's own admission .
The comments came as he visited the Dome of the Rock - the first pontiff to do so - and then the Western Wall , one of Judaism 's holiest places .
Pope Benedict then said Mass for thousands in the Josaphat valley .
It is the second day of his five - day visit to Israel and the Palestinian territories .
Vatican spokesman Rev Federico Lombardi said : " The Pope was never in the Hitler Youth , never , never , never . "
Katya Adler , BBC News , Jerusalem
The Mass in the picturesque and historically charged Josaphat Valley is not well attended .
The 5,000 tickets for the Mass were sold out .
Olive trees were temporarily removed to make room for the anticipated crowds of enthusiastic pilgrims .
Yet few have actually turned up .
The adoration that followed Pope Benedict 's predecessor during his visit to the Holy Land nine years ago seem to be conspicuously absent .
The Middle East is also a sadder and darker place .
John Paul came here in March of the millennium year - before the 11 September attacks , before the US - led invasion of Iraq , before the second Palestinian uprising and Israel 's tougher controls on Palestinians .
Ahead of Pope Benedict 's visit few Christians said they believed he could or would improve their lives much .
Their absence here today , if for that reason , speaks volumes .
Nazi row exposes Pope's PR
But his remark appeared to contradict the Pope 's own words in his 1997 memoirs , Salt of the Earth .
" As a seminarian , I was registered in the HY [ Hitler Youth ] , " he said then .
" As soon as I was out of the seminary , I never went back . "
The Rev Lombardi sought to make a distinction between the anti-aircraft auxiliary corps the Pope was enrolled in towards the end of the war and the Hitler Youth , which he described as a " corps of volunteers , fanatically , ideologically for the Nazis " .
For a controversy which had been puttering to an end , the Vatican appears to have fanned it energetically back into life , says the BBC's Tim Franks in Jerusalem .
There has already been criticism from Israeli politicians and commentators , who said that in his speech on Monday the Pope failed to express enough remorse for the Holocaust .
' Lasting reconciliation '
The row came as Pope Benedict visited sites in Jerusalem holy to Muslims , Jews and Christians .
He went first to the Dome of the Rock , located on the Temple Mount - a site sacred to all three monotheistic religions , and met the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem , Mohammed Mohammad Hussein .
POPE IN THE MIDDLE EAST Monday Arrives in Israel , meets President Shimon Peres Tuesday Visits the Dome of the Rock and the Western Wall .
Celebrates Holy Mass in Josaphat Valley Wednesday Visits Bethlehem , visits refugees , meets Mahmoud Abbas Thursday Mass in Nazareth , talks with Benjamin Netanyahu , meets Franciscans Friday Meets Orthodox Christian leaders , departs
Itinerary : Israel and West Bank Guide : Jerusalem 's holy sites Pope in the Mid East :
The issues
In pictures : Pope in Jerusalem
Then the Pope followed Jewish tradition at the Western Wall , inserting a written prayer in the cracks between the 2,000 - year - old stones .
He emphasised the ties that bind Christianity with Islam , and with Judaism .
" Today I have the opportunity to repeat that the Catholic Church is irrevocably committed to ... a genuine and lasting reconciliation between Christians and Jews , " he said .
Later at a Mass in the Josaphat Valley , he said it was a " tragic reality " that many Christians had left the region .
" In the Holy Land there is room for everyone , " he said , prompting applause from the congregation .
Israel has beefed up security for the trip in an operation named " White Robe " , with tens of thousands of law - enforcement officers deployed and entire sections of Jerusalem shut down .
The pontiff will later visit the site reputed to be where Jesus took his Last Supper before his crucifixion and resurrection .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Manage Ad Campaigns in one Place – Facebook and Instagram
Every one in five minutes someone spends on their mobile device is spent on either Facebook or Instagram .
Both Facebook and Instagram are extremely powerful social media platforms as your content is easy to see and interact with , they are user - friendly and great marketing tools .
Using both platforms can be highly beneficial for you business , … Read more »
What you need to know Before Building your website
When thinking about building your new website there are a few difficult decisions to be made .
The first one is whether you build it yourself , or hire a professional like a web agency or designer .
Hiring a professional is of course the safest way to getting a quality website that generate business .
However , for a… Read more »
Team Melange , Nom Nom Nom 2012 Challenge
On 8th July 2012 , on an early Sunday morning after a supper club the night before , travelling to Manchester and Liverpool between both team members , we took part in the Nom Nom Nom challenge at Little Portland street Cookery School .
I was the first person to arrive ( eager beaver ) once everyone started to turn up we were greeted and fed with delicious breakfast treats .
My lovely team member Sumayya of Pukka Paki strolled in soon after , looking reasonably calm ( I was totally the opposite , I have you know I hide behind nervous smiles ) .. but reassuringly we were both confident once found our feet !
And this is where the Pukka Paki and Yummy Choo collaboration began !
I started off with the organic porridge , with a rhubarb compote from Regents Park I was assured !
It was what I needed to keep going for the long day ahead ..
We were ushered to leave with our cookery school bags and fill with all sorts of ingredients needed from the food markets locally in Marylebone .
We ducked and dived under umbrellas to avoid the rain ( but gave up after a while ) and scurried around the markets , getting a little carried away for our liking ..
Picking up edible flowers , fresh herbs , organic vegetables and after buying pretty much most of the market we rushed over to gather the rest from the ever reliable Waitrose .
Which is where we bumped into the rest of our competitors supermarket sweeping with trolleys , gathering ingredients to promptly get back to the cookery school to start cooking !
Half of our shopping was in a cab with other competitors who took back the heavier items , but finally we re-grouped into our kitchen spaces , unloading ingredients and getting ready to cook our masterpieces !
Sumayya & myself took out our clean ( later to be stained ) sheets of instructions , as helpful reminders during the day .
Having to ask for every piece of equipment as and when we needed it took a bit of getting used to , but the C ookery School staff made the exchange of dirty dishes with clean as quick as possible .
They produced pots , pans , plates ass efficiently and with ease , even when panic set in with Sumayya ’s gulab jamun ’s not being able to be made , the staff were very helpful in going out of their way .
Two and a half hours flew by very quickly and all the elements of our dish were coming together .
Our three courses were a summery fusion of the flavours of Pakistan and Mauritian dishes themed and inspired by the motto of Pakistan , ‘ Faith , Unity , Discipline ’ – a motto that can be applied to the spirit of the Olympics .
Our starters was a ‘ ceviche ’ style , with king prawns marinated in citrus , assorted chilli’s and a blend of Pakistani and Mauritian spices , regional fruit and vegetables , including pineapple , mango , coconut , pomegranate infused with flavours of the Indian sub - continent and enhanced with coloured salts presented with the Olympic rings as inspiration .
This included a fish ceviche with lime juice , coriander , mooli , orange juice , red chilli , cumin .
Prawns with lime juice , rose syrup , mint , radishes , green chilli and finally a fruit ceviche with mango , pomegranate , lemon juice , guava and chaat masala .
Our main dish was a selection of Pakistani and Mauritian street food inspired curries and snacks , served Thahli - style – including a Mauritian chicken daube ( in rich spicy tomato sauce ) , gateaux bringele ( aubergine cakes , in gram flour batter ) with a coriander chilli satini .
A Pakistani style green masala mint , coconut , coriander fish wrapped in banana leaves , okra chips with chaat masala , saffron , cinnamon , cashew nut rice .
I used the Magimix mixer to make my coriander satini , with blended coriander , garlic , chilli and tomatoes , pulsed to a paste .
I also used it to make the mango puree for the cheesecakes !
The main dish was decorated with the world flags and presented in a fun , colourful style that represents our countries !
Dessert was a trio inspired selection of 3 regional sweets , presentation based on the ultimate of the Olympics , the 3 medals , one bronze , gold and silver adorned with shimmer dusts .
A last - minute semolina halwa , pudine mais ( Mauritian corn pudding , with sultanas and coconut ) and a ginger crusted , mango and lime cheesecake .
The brief was to create a 3 course olympic themed menu which I feel we accomplished quite well , each dish was creatively presented , colourful ( it did stand out ) and represented a dip into our native backgrounds and truly representing the collaboration of countries , uniting as one .
We plated our dishes us successfully within the allocated time , mopped each other ’s brows after the 2 hours and well were pretty much dying for a well deserved glass of vino .
So the fun began once everyone ’s dishes had been brought up to be marked by the judges and we could all descend downstairs dig into over 30 dishes of leftovers that everyone had made and sit down finally !
A food quiz and raffle commenced after we had all chowed down and had a drink , which was fun , we almost forgot why we were there in the first place .
I also won the most crappy dvd ‘ Love ’s Kitchen ’ , trust me to get that question right !
The judges appeared after a while and the winners were announced or in this case Victoria Glass was flying solo but with the generous help of Rosanna Mcphee she brought home the trophy of first prize and it could n’t have gone to a nicer lass with a damn fine - looking menu .
With the quirky twosome of Sinply Sensational winning a well deserved 2nd prize ( their goreng pisang was the nuts ! )
Home - bound after a weary day with full bellies and wine breath , we left Cookery School with several tonnes of goodies in hand and a group photo at the end .
As well as walking away with Unearthed chorizo and mojito olives , Shipton Mill flour , Salter weighing scale in shocking pink , Black Garlic , Burt ’s Crisps and The Big Book of Bread , plus a wok !
Even though we did n’t win that day , we were winners in our mind from what we accomplished !
Online voting starts soon , so please vote for TEAM MELANGE for the Viewer ’s choice .
The online raffle is already up and if you ’re more than welcome to enter – the top prize is £ 630 worth of Wusthof knives , but there are loads of other great prizes that you might be interested in !
http://www.justgiving.com/Nom-Nom-Nom-2012
Please take part and raise money for Action Against Hunger Selina & Sumayyaxx
Jammie Thomas was unable to convince a jury of her innocence the first time around .
Now , as her retrial approaches , her new lawyer hopes to do better in court by asking the judge to make one small change to the trial : blocking the file - sharing evidence obtained by MediaSentry , one - time investigators for the RIAA .
Thomas is now represented by Kiwi Camara , a former student of Harvard Law professor Charles Nesson , and Camara 's early court filings show a Nesson - like tendency to seek a dramatic ruling that strikes at the heart of the case .
And Camara 's request to the judge is certainly not short on drama .
" In orchestrating this campaign , built around illegally obtained evidence and targeted at individuals , most of whom faced millions of dollars of potential liability without the assistance of counsel , these [ RIAA ] lawyers , led by Matthew Oppenheim and Richard Gabriel , violated the ethical rules governing our profession on an unprecedented scale " by commissioning MediaSentry 's work , says the document .
Without MediaSentry 's work , the recording industry has no case against Thomas .
It was MediaSentry that found Thomas ' IP address when browsing the KaZaA network , downloaded some songs from her machine , and logged her information .
Without that evidence , the case would be over .
Kiwi Camara
The basic argument is that MediaSentry was not a licensed private investigator in Minnesota .
Under Minnesota law , if someone takes " a fee , reward , or other consideration ... for the purpose of obtaining information for others " by " obtaining through investigation evidence to be used ... in preparation for trial of civil or criminal cases , ” they must be licensed as a private investigator .
Similar issues have dogged MediaSentry in places like Maine , Michigan , and North Carolina .
Apart from the issue of state licensing , though , Camara also charges that MediaSentry violated several federal laws against wiretapping , and it's here that things start to get weird .
Consider the claim being made :
MediaSentry found Jammie by ( 1 ) using KaZaA to request a file transfer from Jammie ’s computer to a MediaSentry computer ; ( 2 ) using a separate program or programs to intercept the Internet packets being sent from Jammie ’s computer to the MediaSentry computer as a result of this request ; ( 3 ) reading the IP address of Jammie ’s computer from these packets ; and ( 4 ) tracing this IP address back to Jammie .
This kind of investigation of network traffic is lawful only after certain procedures are followed : when there is prior approval by a court and when the person conducting the investigation is properly licensed .
When these procedures are not followed , such investigation constitutes criminal wiretapping and the illegal collection of evidence by an unlicensed private investigator .
Camara 's claim here is that using a file - sharing program , then logging the IP addresses of those computer that you connect with , amounts to eavesdropping and wiretapping .
According to his filing , " The Pen Register Act makes it a crime to record IP addresses , while the Wiretap Act makes it a crime to examine the contents of the IP packets as they cross the Internet . "
But MediaSentry was n't snooping on other people 's communications ( pen registers are generally deployed by law enforcement to catch routing and signaling information passing between two other parties ) ; it was simply logging the packets sent to it over the public Internet .
Just as Charles Nesson wants to do more than defend his client , so Camara looks to stick a stake through the heart of the RIAA 's entire legal campaign .
" What drives this campaign is the illegal evidence that MediaSentry collects , " he writes .
" What would end it is suppression of that evidence . "
The recording industry has no patience for this approach .
They want to keep focused on Thomas and the facts of the case , not letting the trial expand into some broad attack on the entire litigation campaign .
To that end , RIAA lawyers have actually filed papers with the court asking for an Order barring Thomas from " introducing evidence of other copyright lawsuits involving Plaintiffs that have nothing to do with the facts and issues to be decided in this case . "
The trial begins on June 15 , and Ars will have gavel - to - gavel coverage .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 May 16
Atlantis and Hubble Side by Side
Credit & Copyright : Thierry Legault
Explanation : On Wednesday , May 13 , two , tiny , fast moving spots crossed an otherwise featureless solar disk .
Not sunspots though , the dark blemishes were silhouettes of the shuttle orbiter Atlantis and the Hubble Space Telescope side by side .
To record this sharp picture of the orbiting pair against the face of the Sun , astronomer Thierry Legault carefully set up his camera and telescope near the center of a 5 kilometer wide path of visibility about 100 kilometers south of Kennedy Space Center in Florida .
He opened the shutter for 1/8,000 second at 12:17 EDT , catching Atlantis and Hubble at a range of 600 kilometers while they were moving at 7 kilometers / second .
The total duration of the transit ( Sun crossing ) was 0.8 seconds .
Enlarged in the inset view , Atlantis ( top ) is approaching Hubble prior to capturing the space telescope .
Thursday , astronauts began a series of spacewalks to perform the maintenance as part of the final mission to Hubble .
Model : Nokia 1680 Classic
General
2G Network : GSM 900 / 1800
GSM 850 / 1900
Size
Dimensions : 108 x 46 x 15 mm , 66 cc
Weight : 73.7 g
Display
Type : TFT , 65 K colors
Size : 128 x 160 pixels
- Themes and wallpapers
Ringtones
Type : Polyphonic ( 24 channels ) , MP3
Customization : No
Vibration : Yes
Memory
Phonebook : Yes , up to 1000 entries
Call records : 20 dialed , 20 received , 20 missed calls
Card slot : No
Data
GPRS : Yes
HSCSD : No
EDGE : Yes
3G : No
WLAN : No
Bluetooth : No
Infrared port : No
USB : No
Features
Messaging : SMS , MMS , Email , Instant Messaging
Browser : No
Games : Yes
Colors : Black , Slate Gray , Wine Red , Deep Plum
Camera : VGA , 640x480 pixels , video
- Nokia Xpress Audio Messaging
- Calendar
- Calculator
- Voice memo
- Built - in handsfree
- English - Chinese dictionary
Battery
Standard battery , Li-Ion 700 mAh ( BL - 5CA )
Stand - by : Up to 424 h
Talk time :
Up to 7 h 40 min
Warranty : One Year .
Source : gadgetsguru.in
Обещанные картинки с демонстрации любителе й The Pirate Bay ( подробности ) .
Автор фотографий : Андрей Письменный .
Вам следует подписаться на рассылку " Егира " , чтобы узнавать о лучших публикациях на этом сайте по электронной почте .
Подпишитесь на нашу страницу в Facebook или Twitter и следите за свежими публикациями .
С нами можно связаться по адресу info@egear.ru .
Notre Dame ’s decision to confer an honorary degree on President Obama has engendered resistance from a counter - reformation blessed by prominent members of the Catholic hierarchy .
The fight against Obama is being advanced by a band of neo-Catholics who adhere to the radical notion that sectarian doctrine must be written into public policy .
The former Archbishop of St. Louis , Raymond Burke , whose excoriation of John Kerry in 2004 was rewarded with a high Vatican post , has denounced the invitation to Obama as a “ scandal . ”
Less prominently , but no less vociferously , the local bishop of South Bend , Ind. , proclaimed that for the first time in 25 years he would not attend the university ’s commencement — a boycott few would have noticed had he not announced it .
The bishops and their acolytes succeeded in battering pro-choice John Kerry in 2004 , when a majority of Catholics joined the Rovian Republican base that narrowly delivered a second term to George W. Bush .
Kerry , a faithful church attendee , declined to retract his support of the constitutional guarantee of a woman ’s right to choose .
His position was consistent with the view , articulated more than twenty years ago , by two of the nation ’s most prominent Catholic political leaders — Edward Kennedy and Mario Cuomo .
They had argued — at Notre Dame and elsewhere — that in a free and pluralistic society , political leaders cannot impose their religious beliefs on a majority of citizens who disagree .
This is a view that has the additional benefit of conforming to political reality .
After all , the church ca n’t even write its doctrine into the statutes of the two most Catholic states in the union , Massachusetts and Rhode Island , both of which are heavily pro-choice .
Some of the church ’s politicking — including its opposition to stem - cell research , which hardliners absurdly condemn as murder in a Petri dish — was n’t problematic for Kerry .
But same - sex marriage , a new social issue in 2004 , was .
Kerry tried to finesse the issue by championing civil unions , but he privately fretted that his position amounted to hairsplitting .
Explain to me again , he once said in frustration , the difference between what I ’m for and marriage .
The conservative Catholic assault on Kerry was hypocritical .
Not a word was uttered about Catholic Republicans who disdain the Church ’s teachings on social justice or who vigorously supported the massive taking of life in the Iraq war , which the Pope had opposed from the outset .
Instead , hardliners embraced Bush and the GOP , and aligned themselves with the religious right , which once had scorned — and in some cases still does — the Church of Rome as “ the anti-Christ . ”
The neo -Caths reject John Kennedy ’s classic formulation on church and state .
“ I believe in an America , ” he said in 1960 , “ where no Catholic prelate would tell the president — should he be Catholic — how to act . ”
Kennedy pledged to follow the public interest “ without regard to outside religious pressures . ”
The speech , which was drafted with the counsel of the great Jesuit theologian John Courtney Murray , was a political Magna Carta for American Catholics , freeing them to participate in American politics to the fullest .
The neo -Caths at least claimed a rationale in 2004 .
Because Kerry was a Catholic , they contended he could be disciplined publicly by church authorities .
But as the Notre Dame commencement nears , they have widened their crusade to attack Barack Obama , who does n’t fit Kennedy ’s description of a President who “ happens also to be a Catholic . ”
In the neo - Caths ’ view , if Obama disagrees with Catholic doctrine , he must be condemned and silenced — even if he ’s not a member of the church .
This assertion of an almost limitless role for the church in public life comes perilously close to reviving a 19th - century pope ’s position that “ Americanism , ” which values individualism and separation of church and state , is heresy .
Similarly , the neo-Caths would reduce the Catholic university to a caricature — a center of dictat , not dialogue , and a place for closed minds , not open debate and discovery .
Obama opponent Mary Ann Glendon has declined to appear at the graduation , invoking the hierarchy ’s warning that people like Obama “ should not be given awards , honors , or platforms which would suggest support for their actions . ”
But the American people have already given Obama the world ’s biggest platform , which he earned with the support of 54 percent of Catholic voters .
The Notre Dame student body supported him at an even higher level — with 57 percent of the vote .
Obama will now honor them by speaking at their graduation .
He will handle any disruption with his characteristic strength and decency , and I am certain he will be conciliatory without yielding his own convictions .
As someone who was raised a Catholic and is the product of 16 years of Catholic education , including Georgetown University , I am appalled to witness the rise of a neo-Catholicism at odds with American democracy and diversity .
In particular , the Catholic hierarchy ’s moral condemnation of gay Americans who seek the right of marriage comes with ill grace from the same people who for decades abetted and covered up for morally heinous predator priests .
All of us , Catholic or not , have the right as citizens of a free society to insist that the ideal of Americanism — of a democracy of differences , pluralism , and mutual respect — is not a heresy , but the way to live together and worship each in our own way .
I think Obama will be largely welcomed at Notre Dame .
And I suspect that he will be reelected in 2012 with strong Catholic support .
As Catholics themselves reject the hierarchy ’s partisan directives , this Church — and any other — would be wise to avoid attempting to impose a version of sharia politics in the U.S.
We have already seen the electoral consequences of that position , with conservatives rendered increasingly irrelevant .
The predictable result for the church would be row upon row of bare pews — the better to hear the anathemas drop in the theocratic echo chamber .
It is not known how a human skeleton came to be in this well
Archaeologists have found a group of water wells in western Cyprus believed to be among the oldest in the world .
The skeleton of a young woman was among items found at the bottom of one shaft .
Radiocarbon dating indicates the wells are 9,000 to 10,500 years old , putting them in the Stone Age , the Cypriot Antiquities Department says .
A team from Edinburgh University has found six such wells , near the coastal town of Paphos .
They are said to show the sophistication of early settlers .
According to Thomas Davis , director of the Nicosia - based Cyprus American Archaeological Research Institute , " the fact that they were using wells and that they tapped into the island 's water table shows heightened appreciation for the environment " .
The latest five - metre ( 16 - foot ) shaft to be discovered had small natural channels in the bedrock at the bottom , confirming it was a water well .
In addition to a poorly preserved young woman 's skeleton the silted - up well contained animal bone fragments , worked flints and some stone jewellery .
The wells were unearthed by an excavator at a construction site .
They date from the time that permanent settlements first appeared in Cyprus , the Associated Press news agency reports .
Introduction
Five months ago , CVE - 2008 - 5353 and other vulnerabilities were publicly disclosed , and fixed by Sun .
CVE -2008 -5353 allows malicious code to escape the Java sandbox and run arbitrary commands with the permissions of the executing user .
This may result in untrusted Java applets executing arbitrary code merely by visiting a web page hosting the applet .
The issue is trivially exploitable .
Unfortunately , these vulnerabilities remain in Apple 's shipping JVMs , as well as Soylatte 1.0.3 .
As Soylatte does not provide browser plugins , the impact of the vulnerability is reduced .
The recent release of OpenJDK6 / Mac OS X is not affected by CVE - 2008 - 5353 .
Work - Arounds
Mac OS
X users should disable Java applets in their browsers and disable ' Open " safe " files after downloading ' in Safari .
Soylatte users running untrusted code should upgrade to an OpenJDK6 - based release , where possible .
No future releases of the JRL - based Soylatte branch are planned at this time .
If this is an issue for you , please feel free to contact me .
Patch
Update 06-15-2009 : Apple has released Java for Mac OS X 10.5 Update 4 , which contains a fix for this issue .
To update your system , run " Software Update " from the Apple menu .
Note : Safari users should leave ' Open " safe " files after download ' permanently disabled .
Similarly critical vulnerabilities unrelated to Java remain in Safari 's handling of " Safe " files .
Proof of Concept
Unfortunately , it seems that many Mac OS X security issues are ignored if the severity of the issue is not adequately demonstrated .
Due to the fact that an exploit for this issue is available in the wild , and the vulnerability has been public knowledge for six months , I have decided to release a my own proof of concept to demonstrate the issue .
If you visit the following page , " /usr / bin/say " will be executed on your system by a Java applet , with your current user permissions .
This link will execute code on your system with your current user permissions .
The proof of concept runs on fully - patched PowerPC and Intel Mac OS X systems .
Credit
Thanks to Jeffrey Czerniak for bringing this issue to my attention .
Update : Julien Tinnes e-mailed with a link to his in - depth discussion regarding the vulnerability available here .
[ April 20 , 2009 ] Oracle Buys Sun
REDWOOD SHORES , Calif. , April 20 , 2009 / PRNewswire -FirstCall via COMTEX / -- Oracle Corporation ( Nasdaq : ORCL ) and Sun Microsystems ( Nasdaq : JAVA ) announced today they have entered into a definitive agreement under which Oracle will acquire Sun common stock for $ 9.50 per share in cash .
The transaction is valued at approximately $ 7.4 billion , or $ 5.6 billion net of Sun 's cash and debt .
" We expect this acquisition to be accretive to Oracle 's earnings by at least 15 cents on a non-GAAP basis in the first full year after closing .
We estimate that the acquired business will contribute over $ 1.5 billion to Oracle 's non-GAAP operating profit in the first year , increasing to over $ 2 billion in the second year .
This would make the Sun acquisition more profitable in per share contribution in the first year than we had planned for the acquisitions of BEA , PeopleSoft and Siebel combined , " said Oracle President Safra Catz .
( Logo : http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20020718/ORCLLOGO)
" The acquisition of Sun transforms the IT industry , combining best - in - class enterprise software and mission - critical computing systems , " said Oracle CEO Larry Ellison .
" Oracle will be the only company that can engineer an integrated system - applications to disk - where all the pieces fit and work together so customers do not have to do it themselves .
Our customers benefit as their systems integration costs go down while system performance , reliability and security go up . "
There are substantial long - term strategic customer advantages to Oracle owning two key Sun software assets : Java and Solaris .
Java is one of the computer industry 's best - known brands and most widely deployed technologies , and it is the most important software Oracle has ever acquired .
Oracle Fusion Middleware , Oracle 's fastest growing business , is built on top of Sun 's Java language and software .
Oracle can now ensure continued innovation and investment in Java technology for the benefit of customers and the Java community .
The Sun Solaris operating system is the leading platform for the Oracle database , Oracle 's largest business , and has been for a long time .
With the acquisition of Sun , Oracle can optimize the Oracle database for some of the unique , high - end features of Solaris .
Oracle is as committed as ever to Linux and other open platforms and will continue to support and enhance our strong industry partnerships .
" Oracle and Sun have been industry pioneers and close partners for more than 20 years , " said Sun Chairman Scott McNealy .
" This combination is a natural evolution of our relationship and will be an industry - defining event . "
" This is a fantastic day for Sun 's customers , developers , partners and employees across the globe , joining forces with the global leader in enterprise software to drive innovation and value across every aspect of the technology marketplace , " said Jonathan Schwartz , Sun's CEO , " From the Java platform touching nearly every business system on earth , powering billions of consumers on mobile handsets and consumer electronics , to the convergence of storage , networking and computing driven by the Solaris operating system and Sun 's SPARC and x64 systems .
Together with Oracle , we 'll drive the innovation pipeline to create compelling value to our customer base and the marketplace . "
" Sun is a pioneer in enterprise computing , and this combination recognizes the innovation and customer success the company has achieved .
Our largest customers have been asking us to step up to a broader role to reduce complexity , risk and cost by delivering a highly optimized stack based on standards , " said Oracle President Charles Phillips .
" This transaction will preserve and enhance investments made by our customers , while we continue to work with our partners to provide customers with choice . "
The Board of Directors of Sun Microsystems has unanimously approved the transaction .
It is anticipated to close this summer , subject to Sun stockholder approval , certain regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions .
There will be a conference call today to discuss the transaction at 5:30 a.m. Pacific time .
Investors can listen to the conference call by dialing ( 719 ) 234-7870 , passcode 923645 .
A replay will be available for 24 hours after the call ends at ( 719 ) 884-8882 , passcode : 923645 .
A live audio webcast of the call will be made available at www.oracle.com/investor and a replay will be available for seven days after the call ends .
About Oracle Oracle ( NASDAQ : ORCL ) is the world 's largest enterprise software company .
For more information about Oracle , please visit our Web site at http://www.oracle.com.
About Sun Microsystems Sun Microsystems , Inc. ( NASDAQ : JAVA ) develops the technologies that power the global marketplace .
Guided by a singular vision -- " The Network is the Computer " -- Sun drives network participation through shared innovation , community development and open source leadership .
Sun can be found in more than 100 countries and on the Web at http://www.sun.com.
Trademarks Oracle is a registered trademark of Oracle Corporation and / or its affiliates .
Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners .
Sun , Sun Microsystems , the Sun logo , Java , Solaris and the Network is the Computer are trademarks or registered trademarks of Sun Microsystems , Inc. or its subsidiaries in the United States and other countries .
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward - Looking Statements
This press release contains certain forward - looking statements about Oracle and Sun , including statements that involve risks and uncertainties concerning Oracle 's proposed acquisition of Sun , anticipated product information , estimates of future results of operations and general business outlook .
When used in this press release , the words " anticipates " , " estimates " , " may " , " can " , " will " , " believes " , " expects " , " projects " , " intends " , " likely " , similar expressions and any other statements that are not historical facts are intended to identify those assertions as forward - looking statements .
Any such statement may be influenced by a variety of factors , many of which are beyond the control of Oracle or Sun , that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different from those projected , described , expressed or implied in this press release due to a number of risks and uncertainties .
Potential risks and uncertainties include , among others , the possibility that the transaction will not close or that the closing may be delayed , the anticipated synergies of the combined companies may not be achieved after closing , the combined operations may not be successfully integrated in a timely manner , if at all , general economic conditions in regions in which either company does business , and the possibility that Oracle or Sun may be adversely affected by other economic , business , and / or competitive factors .
Accordingly , no assurances can be given that any of the events anticipated by the forward - looking statements will transpire or occur , or if any of them do so , what impact they will have on the results of operations or financial condition of Oracle or Sun .
In addition , please refer to the documents that Oracle and Sun , respectively , file with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the " SEC " ) on Forms 10 - K , 10 - Q and 8 - K .
These filings identify and address other important factors that could cause Oracle 's and Sun 's respective financial and operational results to differ materially from those contained in the forward - looking statements set forth in this document .
You are cautioned to not place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which speak only as of the date of this report .
Neither Oracle nor Sun is under any duty to update any of the information in this release .
Additional Information about the Merger and Where to Find It In connection with the proposed merger , Sun will file a proxy statement with the SEC .
Additionally , Sun and Oracle will file other relevant materials in connection with the proposed acquisition of Sun by Oracle pursuant to the terms of an Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Oracle , Soda Acquisition Corporation , a wholly - owned subsidiary of Oracle , and Sun .
The materials to be filed by Sun with the SEC may be obtained free of charge at the SEC 's web site at www.sec.gov.
Investors and security holders of Sun are urged to read the proxy statement and the other relevant materials when they become available before making any voting or investment decision with respect to the proposed merger because they will contain important information about the merger and the parties to the merger .
Oracle , Sun and their respective directors , executive officers and other members of its management and employees , under SEC rules , may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies of Sun stockholders in connection with the proposed merger .
Investors and security holders may obtain more detailed information regarding the names , affiliations and interests of certain of Oracle 's executive officers and directors in the solicitation by reading the proxy statement and other relevant materials filed with the SEC when they become available .
Information concerning the interests of Sun 's participants in the solicitation , which may , in some cases , be different than those of Sun 's stockholders generally , is set forth in the materials filed with the SEC on Form 10 - K and will be set forth in the proxy statement relating to the merger when it becomes available .
SOURCE Oracle Corporation http://www.oracle.com
[ Back To TMCnet.com 's Homepage ]
John
Wick said he has no regrets , but feared the consequences
The man who arranged for leaked MPs ' expenses details to be given to the Daily Telegraph has been named .
Former SAS man John
Wick acted as a broker , passing the details from an anonymous source to the newspaper .
Mr Wick said the version of the expenses which the Commons was due to release had lots of details removed and he felt the public had a right to know .
Mr Wick said he had no regrets , but that his main concern was how serious and unknown the consequences might be .
In a video interview , he told Telegraph.co.uk : " The biggest problem was knowing you had to do something but not knowing how violent the writhing of the snake was going to be .
" We were going to hold on to something at the end and not know how long it was and how sharp its fangs were .
But sometimes you 've just got to step out . "
Mr Wick added that he felt there was an injustice in how much information the government wanted to have about the public , while they wanted to keep their own affairs secret .
He said : " We 've all had - you as the media , we as the public - have had concerns about the expenses and how they 've managed it , purely because of how they 've handled our request for information .
This was not information which was to be sold to the highest bidder
John Wick
Tory MP claims £ 5,000 for gates MacKay to stand for reselection " We 've reached the stage in society where they want to know everything about us , I think we 're entitled to know about them . "
He said claims records he had seen suggested that had the information been released through official channels , and not by a newspaper , much of the incriminating detail would have been censored .
Mr Wick said : " There was an un-redacted version and two redacted versions .
And the briefing I was given is the fees office had sent them back twice for MPs to cover and take things out .
" [ It was ] not going to come out as you have been publishing it , because you 'd get the third redacted version .
" The stuff that comes out ... it would have been highly sensitised . "
' Wet paper bag ' Mr Wick did not comment on whether the Telegraph paid for the information , but did say that one tabloid had offered money for the details of certain individuals .
" This was not information which was to be sold to the highest bidder and was probably best suited to a serious newspaper , " he said .
He insisted the data was not stolen , but was " an unregistered copy " obtained " as a result of lax and unprofessional security procedures used in the House of Commons " .
" The protective classification given to this project was described to me ... as offering the same protection as a wet paper bag , " he said .
The latest series of expenses allegations published in Saturday 's Telegraph include : Shadow business secretary Jonathan Djanogly 's £ 5,000 claim for a set of automatic gates to his home
Labour MP Khalid Mahmood 's claim for £ 1,350 to stay in a five - star west London hotel with his girlfriend
Northern Ireland Minister Paul Goggins , allows a university friend to live rent - free in a home paid for by the taxpayer
Conservative MP
Bernard Jenkin's use of £ 50,000 in expenses to pay his sister - in - law rent The BBC's Reeta Chakrabarti said Mr Wick says he is a supporter of the Conservatives but he was not motivated by party political concerns .
She said he was not the actual source of the leak , but was contacted by a man inside Parliament who at first gave him five names in order to test the authenticity of the information .
She added that the Metropolitan Police and the Crown Prosecution Service had said Mr Wick would not face any charges as the information is not a threat to public safety and is in the public interest .
Mr Wick , who served in the SAS during the 1970s , now works with a City of London firm that advises insurance companies on how to manage their risk .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Police in Fiji detained three local lawyers and seized their laptops , supposedly because of a possible connection to a popular anti-government blog .
The lawyers , Richard Naidu , Jon Apted and Tevita Fa were taken into custody Tuesday , May 19 , held for a few hours and then released .
Police admit the three were detained , but would not provide a reason why .
The investigation is ongoing .
However , Dorsami Naidu , President of Fiji Law Society claimed the men were detained in alleged connection to Raw Fiji News , an anonymous blog that is highly critical of the regime of military ruler Frank Bainimarama .
Impunity Watch reported the three lawyers are certain the police wo n’t find any evidence of their alleged blogging ; rather , they suspect authorities could be looking for confidential client information .
Naidu and Apted are partners in one of Fiji ’s most prestigious law firms and have represented the Fiji Times in court .
Fa is the legal counsel for Laisenia Qarase , the Prime Minister ousted in the December 2006 coup that brought military leader Frank Bainimarama to power .
During the previous week , Real Fiji News , a pro-government blog , began naming whom it considered to blog for Raw Fiji News , alleging it is Naidu , Fa and Apted .
Also on the list is Vice President Ratu Joni Madraiwiwi and Netani Rika , editor of the Fiji Times .
The only proof offered is that the names Ratu ( a Fijian word meaning chief ) Joni , Fa and Naidu spell out the acronym RFN .
While the three were detained , Raw Fiji News continued publishing .
Blogs have played an important part in Fiji ’s news landscape since April 10 when the country ’s president abrogated the constitution and appointed the government of military commander Frank Bainimarama to a five - year term .
Shortly after , the government passed a series of public emergency rules regulating the media ( among other things ) .
The rules , which were extended for another 30 days on May 10 , forbid the media from printing stories that could “ give rise to disorder . ”
The government carries out these directives by placing censors in media offices .
Internet cafes are also forced to close at 6 pm .
Since April 10 , five local journalists have been detained by police for breaking these rules .
On top of that , three foreign journalists have been asked to leave the country because their reporting is viewed as critical of the regime .
With the media clampdown , news from inside Fiji is hard to come by .
In turn , news media in Australia and New Zealand have reported on items culled from Fiji ’s bloggers .
See Global Voices special coverage of Fiji 's constitutional challenge .
Deep thoughts from Newt Gingrich :
I am not a citizen of the world .
I am a citizen of the United States because only in the United States does citizenship start with our creator . [...]
I think this is one of the most critical moments in American history .
We are living in a period where we are surrounded by paganism .
Certificate of Computation
As a token of our appreciation for your participation in SETI@home , we offer a free Certificate of Computation .
Your Certificate of Computation is shown as a web page or JPEG image , which you can print from your Web browser .
Tips for printing the certificate
( details vary according to your browser , printer , and operating system ) :
Page Setup
Landscape orientation
Set all headers and footers to blank
100 % scale
Print Background
Best quality
Black & White
Display resolution : 96 dpi
Diploma
Printer properties Browser preferences
This certificate looks sort of like a diploma .
You can view it without a border ( if you want to print the certificate on paper that already has a border ) .
Border : Yes No
Show SETI@home / BOINC credit
Show SETI@home Classic credit
Photo certificate
Show SETI@home / BOINC credit
Show SETI@home Classic credit Photo : Aerial Arecibo Photograph Futuristic Antenna
Modern
Show SETI@home / BOINC credit
Show SETI@home Classic credit
This version includes your choice of SETI - inspired photograph .
This version uses a futuristic font .
Many thanks to Sergio Alonso for developing the photo and modern certificates .
In addition , the following BOINC certificates are available :
© 2020 University of California
SETI@home and Astropulse are funded by grants from the National Science Foundation , NASA , and donations from SETI@home volunteers .
AstroPulse is funded in part by the NSF through grant AST - 0307956 .
Today , the development of Killzone 3 was more or less confirmed on the website gamekings.tv .
The game kings were in a discussion about gaming .
There was a small gaming event in Amsterdam , where it they met with the developers of the game studios in the Netherlands .
During this event one of the developers from Guerrilla Games ( Killzone 2 ) , said something about Killzone 3 .
The game kings ask a someone who is closely involve with Guerrilla Games about the co-op patch for Killzone 2 , and this is what he said .
“ They [ Guerrilla Games ] are really kicking themselves because of that .
They have a handful of developers working on updates , and patches for Killzone 2 , but I doubt we´ll see co-op patch .
The problem is the seamless loading .
Cross console synching seems to be an issue - but from what I gather the key developers of Killzone 2 are working on a new project . ”
They asked him if he was referring to Killzone 3 , and he said .
“ Ahh , well - I can´t say for sure , but it seems very likely .
They have a team working on writing up algorithms , and modifying the Killzone 2 engine , and a select few working on a story . ”
It has n’t been confirm but for now , we suspect that Guerrilla Games is indeed working on Killzone 3 .
[ Via PS3 Hype ]
Hearing Lays Groundwork for Torture Prosecutions
Created : May 14 , 2009 06:00 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse ( WDCpix )
A Senate panel appeared to lay the groundwork on Wednesday for a possible prosecution of former Bush administration officials for the torture and abuse of detainees in the “ war on terror , ” despite strong opposition from Sen. Lindsey Graham ( R - S.C. ) .
Specifically , findings by several testifying witnesses that Bush administration lawyers deliberately distorted the law in drafting legal memoranda that offered legal cover for “ enhanced interrogation ” policies could support future criminal prosecution .
The Office of Legal Counsel memos defining and justifying torture and other abusive interrogation techniques — the so - called “ torture memos ” — are “ a legal train wreck , ” testified David Luban , a professor of legal ethics at Georgetown University , to the Senate Judiciary Committee ’s Subcommittee on Administrative Oversight and the Courts .
“ The torture memos fall far short of candid advice and independent professional judgment , ” he said .
They “ cherry pick the law ” and “ read as if they were reverse engineered to reach a predetermined outcome . ”
If that outcome was unlawful , then the lawyer has crossed an ethical line .
” The rules of professional ethics forbid lawyers from counseling or assisting clients in illegal conduct , ” he said .
Illustration by : Matt Mahurin
Although Luban ’s testimony was directed at the ethical implications of the legal conclusions drawn by recently released Bush - era memos and whether the lawyers drafting them acted in “ good faith , ” a finding that the lawyers knowingly helped White House officials engage in illegal conduct could also support criminal liability of both the lawyers and the policymakers who instructed them .
That the OLC lawyers never once cited the case of United States v. Lee , for example , in which the Reagan administration ’s Justice Department prosecuted a Texas sherriff who had waterboarded suspects to extract confessions , is revealing , said Luban .
The case , decided by the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit in 1983 , refers to waterboarding as “ torture ” at least a dozen times .
It is “ the single most relevant case on water torture ” in United States jurisprudence , said Luban .
( Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse ( D - R.I. ) , who has cited the case frequently in previous statements , in separate questioning agreed . )
The authors of the Office of Legal Counsel memos , while relying on an obscure Medicare reimbursement law to define torture extremely narrowly , as Whitehouse pointed out , ignored the most obvious and readily accessible recent U.S. federal case law on torture .
“ It ’s hard to avoid concluding that they did not mention it because it cast doubt on their legal conclusions , ” said Luban .
The memos authorize conduct that “ comes very close to President Nixon ’s statement that when the president does it , it ’s legal , ” said Luban .
Only President Nixon was saying it as a throwaway line when put on the spot in an interview with a journalist ; the claim was n’t written as an authoritative memo interpreting the law , Luban said .
Philip Zelikow , the former counselor to Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice who in 2005 wrote a memo objecting to the OLC interpretations , which was ignored , similarly testified that “ the OLC interpretation of U.S. Constitutional Law in this area was strained and indefensible .
. . .
I could not imagine any federal court in America agreeing that the entire CIA program could be conducted and it would not violate the American constitution , ” he said , adding : “ If the CIA program passed muster under an American constitutional compliance analysis , then a program of this kind would pass American constitutional muster if employed anywhere in the United States on American citizens . ”
Not all of the witnesses at the subcommittee hearing agreed that the OLC conclusions were indefensible .
Jeffrey Addicott , a professor at St. Mary ’s University School of Law , testified that “ in my legal opinion the so - called enhanced interrogation program did not constitute torture under international law . ”
Addicott relied on the opinion of the European Court of Human Rights in the case of Ireland v. UK , in which the use of prolonged stress positions , sleep deprivation and other techniques similar to those used by the CIA were found to be “ inhuman and degrading , but not torture , ” said Addicott .
That case was also cited by OLC lawyer Jay Bybee in an August 1 , 2002 memo .
Although the court did not discuss waterboarding , Addicott testified that to any “ reasonable mind ” waterboarding would n’t constitute torture , either .
If it were torture , however , the Bush administration officials would be out of luck , Addicott continued .
“ Those who order , approve or engage in torture must be criminally prosecuted , ” he said .
“ There is no way out of this .
We have to prosecute under the torture convention .
We ca n’t say , on the one hand , those people engaged in torture and not do anything .
On the other hand , if we say they do not rise to level of torture then we ’re not under any international obligation to prosecute . ”
Addicott did not mention , however , that the United Nations Convention Against Torture — the same convention cited by Addicott — signed by Ronald Reagan and implemented by U.S. federal law , forbids not only “ torture ” but “ cruel , inhuman and degrading treatment ” , which must also be prosecuted under the law .
And it was the definition of cruel , inhuman and degrading treatment , in particular , that gave rise to the objections of Zelikow and others .
That ’s because , as later OLC memos acknowledged , the cruel , inhumane and degrading treatment , according to the reservations included when the United States signed the anti-torture treaty , is to be interpeted in accordance with the U.S. Constitution .
If the actions would be prohibited under the substantive due process clause of the Constitution ’s Fifth Amendment , or by the Eighth Amendment ’s prohibition on Cruel and Unusual Punishment , then it would be likewise prohibited — and must be prosecuted — under the U.S. anti-torture statute .
Although the European Court of Human Rights ’ interpretation of international law does not constitute a definitive interpretation of U.S. Constitutional law , it hardly bolsters the case against prosecution to cite that court ’s conclusion that the techniques used by the UK — and similar techniques used by the CIA — were “ inhuman and degrading , ” although not torture .
The next witness , although stating that he agreed with Graham ’s view that mistakes should not be criminalized , ultimately provided more support for prosecution than against it .
Robert Turner , associate director for the Center for National Security Law at the University of Virginia , testified that “ under international law we are bound by Common Article 3 of the Geneva Conventions .
All detainees are entitled to humane treatment . ”
Whether the abuse rises to the level of torture , then , is essentially irrelevant .
Indeed , Turner , a former lawyer in the Reagan White House , made that same argument in a July 2007 op - ed he coauthored in The Washington Post titled “ War Crimes and the White House . ”
Common Article 3 , he wrote , prohibits ” ‘ at any time and in any place whatsoever ’ any acts of ‘ violence to life and person ’ or ‘ outrages upon personal dignity , in particular , humiliating and degrading treatment . ’ ”
Yet the White House had in 2007 issued an executive order declaring that “ the CIA program ‘ fully complies with the obligations of the United States under Common Article 3 , ’ provided that its interrogation techniques do not violate existing federal statutes ( prohibiting such things as torture , mutilation or maiming ) and do not constitute ‘ willful and outrageous acts of personal abuse done for the purpose of humiliating or degrading the individual in a manner so serious that any reasonable person , considering the circumstances , would deem the acts to be beyond the bounds of human decency . ’ ”
“ In other words , as long as the intent of the abuse is to gather intelligence or to prevent future attacks , and the abuse is not ‘ done for the purpose of humiliating or degrading the individual ’ — even if that is an inevitable consequence — the president has given the CIA carte blanche to engage in ‘ willful and outrageous acts of personal abuse , ’ ” he wrote .
Turner and his co-author , P.X. Kelley , a retired Marine Corp. general , argued that this interpretation of the law was not in “ good faith ” as required : “ It is clear to us that the language in the executive order cannot even arguably be reconciled with America ’s clear duty under Common Article 3 to treat all detainees humanely and to avoid any acts of violence against their person . ”
Although in his op -ed Turner was saying that the United States ’ interrogation tactics violated international law , at Wednesday ’s hearing , he adopted the position of Senator Graham , saying : “ It appears that some good people made some very bad decisions . ”
As Graham put it in his concluding remarks , “ I ’ve always believed that when you engage in harsh interrogation techniques like waterboarding , eventually it comes back to bite you .
And it has .
But the people devising these techniques were not criminals .
They were Americans who were afraid , ” he said .
Now , Graham said , “ I ’m so afraid that what we ’re doing here today is going to chill out the legal advices to come in the future … and that we ’re putting men and women at risk in a future prosecution or civil lawsuit who did nothing but do their best to protect this nation . ”
The interrogators , lawyers and policymakers who authorized the interrogation techniques were , in essence , good people who did bad things , he said .
Fortunately , neither Congress nor any future prosecutors will be asked to decide the moral integrity of those who devised and approved of abusive , inhuman and degrading interrogation tactics .
They need only determine whether those individuals broke the law .
Getting help from home when we are in isolation does not have to be hard to find .
There are numerous online resources that are free and available to all .
Courtesy of pixabay
MUMBAI , India 
One of India ’s most successful technology entrepreneurs was tapped by the government on Thursday to lead an ambitious project to give every citizen an identification card within three years .
The entrepreneur , Nandan M. Nilekani , a founder and former chief executive of Infosys Technologies , will leave his post as a co-chairman of the board to take on the ID card project .
In his new job , he will have the rank of a cabinet minister , giving him significant autonomy within the government .
Mr. Nilekani ’s appointment is a coup for the government of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , which has made a series of big promises about economic development and reform since it was re-elected in May to a second five - year term .
While many Indian executives serve on public advisory boards and committees , few have joined the government and headed such big public projects .
The appointment of someone with no political or a civil service background suggests that the government may be more willing and able than it has been in the past to tap the expertise of the country ’s successful business sector in executing difficult endeavors , many of which have languished under career politicians and bureaucrats .
Image Nandan M. Nilekani , a founder of Infosys Technologies , will lead the ID project .
Credit ... Namas Bhojani for The New York Times , 2008
Policy makers see a national ID card as critical to improving the delivery of social services , subsidies and other government programs while also strengthening national security .
The Indian government and outside observers have shown that the majority of aid earmarked for the poor does not reach them , and it is hard for the government to detect embezzlement and misuse of funds .
A reader writes :
One aspect of current marijuana laws I have n’t seen highlighted in this series pertains to the government ’s policy of drug - testing nearly everyone who receives a government paycheck .
This includes civil servants , recipients of college scholarships , research grantees , etc .
I am a long - time light smoker ( okay , I was a heavy smoker at one point ) , but stopped smoking a couple months back , mainly because I lost my “ source ” in a relationship breakup .
As luck would have it , I recently discovered that I will have to submit to a drug test as a condition of receiving some government money .
Although I ’m not going to be adversely affected by this policy , it got me thinking about how many talented people are blocked from taking government money due to these draconian laws .
If , as it appears , roughly 50 % of the population might easily fail a marijuana - detection test , what does it mean for civil service and government - funded research ?
Another writes :
The FBI refuses to hire any individual who has smoked marijuana in the two years prior to his hiring process .
I was outed in the polygraph phase of the applicant process ( after I was actually accepted for employment ) .
I wanted to work for the FBI because I genuinely wanted to help my country , but apparently the 10 times I decided to smoke in college meant I could n’t .
I no longer smoke because my drive to be a young civil servant in the Obama Administration strongly outweighs the “ costs ” of smoking .
It no longer appeals to me , actually , but I ’m sure it will to another young college student who has something to offer this country .
Another :
I 'm a 26 year old law student at the University of Michigan also pursuing a M.A. in political science .
I paid my way through undergrad , working several jobs at any given time , and graduated with honors .
I went to work for a law firm in DC and decided to get a law degree .
I get straight As , run 20 - plus miles a week , and love reading about particle physics , watching the NBA , and listening to records .
Oh , and I LOVE smoking pot .
I like watching movies high , playing video games high , reading about evolution high , running high and , on occasion , getting into long winded discussions about constitutional law while stoned out of my mind .
I smoke most every night .
I want to clerk for a Federal circuit court judge when I graduate and then work for the State Department .
Chances are I wo n't be able to do either because I wo n't be able to pass a drug test .
A drug test that , were I an alcoholic or a coke head , I could pass with flying colors by abstaining for 48 hours .
But I wo n't compromise my beliefs and quit smoking .
There is nothing wrong with it .
Another :
I know being a college student who smokes is n't exactly a shocker .
I just felt the need to out myself .
I smoke maybe 4 or 5 times a year .
I 'm uncertain about my future as I 'd like to join the military and have invested a lot emotionally into the idea .
( I 'll also pulling in significantly less money in order to serve ) .
I have no idea if I can even obtain the high level security clearances I need because I 've smoked a little grass in college .
The fact that the last 3 presidents have been drug users , yet upwards of 50 % of the talent pool cannot enter the game right away because of pot use , is absolutely ridiculous .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Everyone loves an eccentric , so we are presenting here ten of the best .
Most are British as they seem to be an endless source of eccentricity , but you will understand why when you read the list .
Be sure to add your own favorite eccentrics to the comments .
“ The amount of eccentricity in a society has generally been proportional to the amount of genius , mental vigour and moral courage it contained .
[ T ] hat so few people now dare to be eccentric marks the chief danger of our time ” — John Stuart Mill , 1859
10 Hetty Green 1834 – 1916
Hetty Green was an eccentric miser who became known as the “ Witch of Wall Street ” .
With her business acumen she accumulated such wealth that she was the richest woman in the world .
In order to save money , Hetty would work out of trunks at her local bank so she would n’t have to pay rent .
When her son fell ill , she disguised herself and took him to a charity hospital ; when they realized who she was , she fled claiming she would cure her son herself .
Unfortunately he contracted gangrene and had to have his leg amputated .
She always wore the same black dress and never changed her underwear unless it wore out .
She moved back and forth between New York and New Jersey in order to avoid the taxman .
9 William Archibald Spooner 1844 – 1930
William Archibald Spooner is forever locked into history because the linguistic phenomenon known as a “ spoonerism ” is named after him .
A spoonerism involves the accidental ( or sometimes intentional ) swapping of letters , words , or vowels in a sentence – for example : “ Go and shake a tower ” ( meaning “ go and take a shower ” ) .
Spooner was a professor at Oxford and he became so famous for his spoonerisms that people would attend his lectures just to hear him make a mistake .
He was not pleased about the great publicity that surrounded him but as he neared death his attitude softened and he gave interviews to the press .
Spooner not only got his words wrong : he once wrote to a fellow professor to ask him to come immediately to help solve a problem .
At the end of the letter he added a post - script that the matter had been resolved and he need n’t come .
Some spoonerisms attributed to Spooner are :
“ Mardon me padam , this pie is occupewed .
Can I sew you to another sheet ? ” ( Pardon me , madam , this pew is occupied .
Can I show you to another seat ? )
“ Let us glaze our asses to the queer old Dean ” ( … raise our glasses to the dear old Queen )
“ We ’ll have the hags flung out ” ( … flags hung out )
8 Simeon Ellerton 1702 – 1799
Simeon Ellerton lived in the 18th century and was a fitness fanatic .
Because he loved to walk long distances , he was often employed to carry out errands or act as a courier for the locals .
On his many frequent journeys he would gather up stones from the roadside and carry them on his head .
His aim was to gather sufficient stones to build his own house .
Eventually he had enough stones and he made a little cottage for himself .
Having spent so many years carrying extra weight , he felt uncomfortable without it , so for the rest of his life he walked around with a bag of stones on his head .
7 John Christie 1882 – 1962
John Christie and his wife are most well known for starting the Glyndeborne Opera Festival but John was also a famed British eccentric .
One evening while sitting next to the Queen during the opera , he removed his glass eye , cleaned it , put it back in its socket and asked the queen whether it was in straight .
If he got too hot , he would cut the arms off his formal jacket – which he would often wear with a pair of old tennis shoes .
He owned 180 handkerchiefs , 110 shirts , and despite paying tens of thousands of pounds on an opera production , would travel third class and carry his own luggage to avoid tipping .
For a while , Christie would wear nothing but lederhosen and in 1933 , he expected all guests of the opera to do the same .
6 Oscar Wilde 1854 – 1900
Oscar Wilde is undoubtedly the most famous member of this list – and for good reason .
During a time of moral conservatism , Wilde managed to survive his youth decked out in flamboyant clothing exuding eccentricity , because of his stunning wit – the true cause of his celebrity .
While studying at Oxford University , Oscar would walk through the streets with a lobster on a leash .
His room was decorated with bright blue china , sunflowers , and peacock feathers .
He was the direct opposite of what Victorian England expected a man to be and he flaunted it for all he was worth .
Unfortunately an affair with Lord Alfred Douglas brought an end to a brilliant career when Wilde was jailed for sodomy .
5 Sir George Sitwell 1860 – 1943
Sir George Sitwell ( father of the famous writer Dame Edith Sitwell ) was a very bizarre man in many ways .
He was a keen gardener ( he actually studied garden design ) and , annoyed by the wasps in his garden , he invented a pistol for shooting them .
After he moved to Italy to avoid taxes in Britain , he refused to pay his new wife ’s debts which resulted in her spending three months in prison .
He was such an avid reader and collector of books that he had seven libraries in his home .
Other eccentricities included paying his son an allowance based on the amount paid by one of his forebears to his son during the Black Death , and trying to pay his son ’s Eton school fees with produce from his garden .
But perhaps most bizarrely , Sir George had the cows on his estate stenciled in a blue and white Chinese willow pattern in order to make them look better .
This is the notice that Sir George hung on the gate of his manor in Derbyshire , England : “ I must ask anyone entering the house never to contradict me or differ from me in any way , as it interferes with the functioning of my gastric juices and prevents my sleeping at night . ”
4 Gerald Tyrwhitt - Wilson 1883 – 1950
Also known as Lord Berners , Gerald Tyrwhitt - Wilson got off to a strange start in life with a super - religious grandmother and a prejudiced mother .
When he was nine he was sent to boarding school where he had a relationship with an older boy – the relationship ended when Lord Berners vomited on him .
As an adult , Berners became a relatively good composer and writer – and an extremely eccentric man .
He had the pigeons at his stately home dyed in a variety of colors ( image above ) and he kept a pet giraffe with which he would have afternoon tea regularly .
His chauffeur had to fit his Rolls Royce out with a harpsichord so Berners could play music whilst being driven around the countryside .
He left his estate to his much younger companion , the equally eccentric Robert Heber - Percy .
3 William Buckland 1784 – 1856
William Buckland is famous for two things : he was the first man to write a full account of a fossil , and he was incredibly eccentric when it came to animals and food .
Buckland ’s love of natural history resulted in his house being something akin to a zoo .
He filled it with animals of every kind and he then proceeded to eat them all ( and serve them to guests ) .
He claimed to have eaten his way through every animal .
The creatures that he said tasted worst were bluebottle flies , and mole .
Various guests to dinner describe being served panther , crocodile , and mouse .
A famous storyteller at the time ( Augustus Hare ) told this tale of Buckland : “ Talk of strange relics led to mention of the heart of a French King [ Louis XIV ] preserved at Nuneham in a silver casket .
Dr. Buckland , whilst looking at it , exclaimed , ‘ I have eaten many strange things , but have never eaten the heart of a king before , ’ and , before anyone could hinder him , he had gobbled it up , and the precious relic was lost for ever . ”
2 Francis Egerton 1756 – 1823
Francis Egerton ( 8th Earl of Bridgewater ) inherited his title along with a very large fortune in 1823 .
He became famous for his unusual dinner parties which he threw for dogs .
All of the invited dogs would be dressed in the finest fashions of the day – including shoes .
Another eccentricity was his manner of measuring time ; Egerton would wear a pair of shoes only once – when he was done with them , he would line them up in rows in order to count the passing days .
He also kept pigeons and partridges which had their wings clipped so he could shoot them for sport even with failing eyesight .
When he died he left a large number of important documents on the subject of French and Italian literature to the British Museum , as well as a large financial donation to the Royal Society .
1 Jemmy Hirst 1738 – 1829
If you thought the previous entries were eccentric , you are in for a surprise .
Jemmy ( James )
Hirst was so famous an eccentric in his own time , that King George III summoned him to tea .
When he received the invitation , Hirst declined – stating that he was training an otter to fish .
Eventually he did visit the King where he threw a goblet of water over a courtier who was laughing ;
Hirst believed the man was having a fit of hysteria .
The King gave him a number of bottles of wine from the royal cellar .
Jemmy loved animals and he trained his bull to behave like a horse .
The bull ( named Jupiter ) would draw his carriage about the village and Hirst even rode him in fox hunts .
Instead of dogs , he used pigs that he had trained as hunt dogs .
He regularly blew a horn to invite the poor to his home for free food – which was served out of a coffin .
When he died , he requested 12 old maids to follow his coffin to the grave , as well as a bagpiper and a fiddler to play happy music .
Contributor : JFrater
AMERICA leads the world in incarcerations , both in terms of the total number of people it puts inside and in the proportion of its citizens that end up behind bars .
China lies comfortably ahead of Russia in third place , though a far smaller percentage of China 's population ends up in the clink .
Though India is in fifth place over all , just 33 people in every 100,000 are thrown in the slammer .
AP
Alcohol :
Is it really good for you ?
By Sue Nelson
Writer and Broadcaster
The way to boost your health ?
Alcohol is bad for you .
Red wine is good for the heart .
It 's all about moderation Confused ?
You 're not alone .
Government guidelines state that men and women should not consume more than 21 or 14 alcoholic drinks each week .
Yet the Million Women study reported that just one drink a week increases your risk of breast , pharynx and liver cancer .
No wonder a recent UK survey for the World Cancer Research Fund found that people are deeply sceptical about claims for what causes or prevents cancer .
In exploring the alcohol - cancer connection , Radio 4's Frontiers reveals a frightening lack of knowledge about how alcohol interacts with the body .
Toxic compounds
Scientists do not know definitively why we get hangovers or how alcohol may be causing cancer .
In high doses it does seem to enhance the lifespan of mice - but you need huge doses
Professor Roger Corder Alcohol is metabolised in the body into toxic compounds - but how these compounds cause damage is unknown .
Since genetics , gender and age play an important role in how we interact with alcohol , a safe amount for one is not safe for another .
The negative effects of alcohol on health and the economy are reported regularly in the media and highlighted by the government .
But despite the link between alcohol and cancer being known for over 100 years , it is an area of research that is little understood and , according to many scientists , underfunded .
This means that drinkers , no matter how moderate their consumption , are not fully aware of the risks or damage , as the science is not there .
In fact , many drinkers believe they are improving their health .
Myth " It 's an absolute myth that red wine is good for you , " says Professor Valerie Beral from the University of Oxford and lead author of the Million Women study .
" The evidence is not there . "
Professor Roger Corder , author of The Red Wine Diet , would disagree .
" Our research identified a group of chemicals called procyanadins which are polyphenols , and the key component in terms of protecting from heart disease . "
Polyphenols , such as the antioxidant resveratrol , are found in the skins of red wine grapes .
" In high doses it does seem to enhance the lifespan of mice .
But , " he adds crucially , " you need huge doses . "
In humans , it equates to thousands of litres of wine .
Professor Corder dismisses wines that effectively promote themselves as a health drink , with ' rich in polyphenols ' or ' rich in antioxidants ' on the label .
But , he says , two small glasses of a very tannic , procyanadin rich wine would confer a benefit .
" The problem is that most supermarket wines are low procyanadin and high alcohol , " he said .
" We 're promoting bad wine for bad habits . "
Frontiers is broadcast on BBC Radio 4 on Monday 8 June at 2100 BST .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
While our media sleep , the United Nations is proceeding , with President Obama ’s acquiescence , to implement a global plan to create a new international socialist order financed by global taxes on the American people .
The Conference on the World Financial and Economic Crisis and its Impact on Development that begins on Wednesday will consider adoption of a document calling for “ new voluntary and innovative sources of financing initiatives to provide additional stable sources of development finance … ”
This is U.N. - speak for global taxes .
They are anything but “ voluntary ” for the people forced to pay them .
The most “ popular ” proposals , which could generate tens of billions of dollars in revenue for global purposes , involve taxes on greenhouse gas emissions and financial transactions such as stock trades .
The document was agreed to at an informal meeting of expert “ facilitators ” and was made available on Monday afternoon at 3 p.m .
It is doubtful that any changes will be made to it .
The conference was postponed from June 1 - 3 and will now take place June 24 - 26 at the U.N. in New York .
While the “ outcome document ” has been watered down somewhat from the previous version , it still reaffirms attainment of the U.N. ’s Millennium Development Goals , which would require the payment of $ 845 billion from U.S. taxpayers .
A commitment to the MDGs was a stated objective of the Global Poverty Act , which Barack Obama had introduced as a U.S. senator .
It requires the U.S. to devote 0.7 percent of Gross National Income to foreign aid .
Now , as President , Obama can bypass the Congress and simply direct his Ambassador to the U.N. Susan Rice to approve the U.N. conference document .
Then the pressure will be increased on Congress to come up with the money and satisfy our “ international commitments . ”
This is the pattern that he followed in regard to more money for the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) .
After agreeing at the G - 20 summit to provide more money for the IMF , the Obama White House slipped the cash and credit into the recently passed emergency war funding bill .
The Obama White House had added billions in cash , as well as a $ 100 billion line of credit , for the IMF .
Rep . Mike Pence commented , “ This legislation , which includes $ 108 billion in loan authorizations for a global bailout , for the International Monetary Fund - at a time when this government has run up a $ 2 trillion annual deficit - I believe does a disservice to taxpayers and to those that defend us .
Passing a $ 108 billion global bailout on the backs of our soldiers is just not right . ”
The U.N. conference document explains where all of this is leading –the destruction of the American dollar as the world ’s reserve currency and the build - up of global institutions such as the IMF and the U.N .
It declares that “ We acknowledge the calls by many states for further study of the feasibility and advisability of a more efficient reserve system , including the possible function of SDRs in any such system and the complementary roles that could be played by various regional arrangements . ”
SDRs are Special Drawing Rights , a form of international currency that enables global institutions like the International Monetary Fund to provide more foreign aid to the rest of the world .
The U.S. pays for SDRs through its financial contributions to the IMF .
If implemented , the document would officially mark the end of the United States as the world ’s leading economic power .
Urging socialism as the solution to the crisis , the document states that “ Insufficient emphasis on equitable human development has contributed to significant inequalities among countries and peoples .
Other weaknesses of a systemic nature also contributed to the unfolding crisis , which has demonstrated the need for more effective government involvement to ensure an appropriate balance between the market and public interest . ”
The nerve center of this emerging new international socialist system will be the United Nations , a body that has developed a reputation for corruption and incompetence and whose “ peacekeepers ” have been implicated in sexual abuse and other human rights violations .
“ The United Nations , on the basis of its universal membership and legitimacy , is well positioned to participate in various reform processes aimed at improving and strengthening the effective functioning of the international financial system and architecture , ” the document says .
“ This United Nations Conference is part of our collective effort towards recovery , ” it adds .
The Obama Administration ’s unofficial point man in U.N. deliberations has been economist Joseph Stiglitz , who has been coordinating a “ Commission of Experts ” that has reported to U.N. General Assembly President Miguel D’Escoto , the notorious Communist Catholic Priest who received the Lenin Peace Prize from the old Soviet Union .
Stiglitz produced his own document which called for “ the issuance of additional SDRs , ” “ additional sources of funding ” for global institutions , a new global reserve currency , and a new global credit facility .
Key recommendations have been incorporated into the official U.N. conference document but Stiglitz and his “ experts ” provide far more details about them .
In terms of new funding sources , the document calls for “ innovative sources of financing such as emission rights trading and financial transactions taxes … ”
The concept of “ emissions trading ” enables corporations to avoid limits on greenhouse gas emissions if they pay taxes to government .
It is part of the “ cap and trade ” legislation that the liberals are now pushing on Capitol Hill .
Chapter Five of this document , “ International Financial Innovations , ” goes into detail , declaring that “ For some time , the difficulty in meeting the UN official assistance target of 0.7 percent of Gross National Income of developed industrial countries as official development assistance , as well as the need for adequate funding for the provision of global and regional public goods ( peace building , fighting global health pandemics , combating climate change and sustaining the global environment more generally ) has generated proposals on how to guarantee a more reliable and stable source of financing for these objectives . ”
The document notes that an international airline ticket tax is now in effect , as a result of the actions of the “ Leading Group on Solidarity Levies ” that now involves close to 60 countries and major international organizations .
This money is going to fight global diseases .
The term “ Solidarity Levies ” is U.N. - speak for global taxes .
The Stiglitz document explains , “ Some of the initiatives that have been proposed encompass ‘ solidarity levies ’ or , more generally , taxation for global objectives .
Some countries have already decreed solidarity levies on airline tickets but there is a larger set of proposals .
There have also been suggestions to auction global natural resources–such as ocean fishing rights and pollution emission permits –for global environmental programs . ”
It goes on to say , “ The suggestion of taxes that could be earmarked for global objectives has a long history .
To avert their being perceived as encroachments on participating countries ’ fiscal sovereignty , it has been agreed that these taxes should be nationally imposed , but internationally coordinated . ”
So the nations of the world , including the U.S. , will collect the taxes but then turn them over to institutions such as the U.N .
The world body will function , in effect , like a global IRS .
Is it too much to ask that our media take some time off from talking about the girl with star tattoos on her face , “ Jon & Kate Plus 8 , ” and Perez Hilton , to examine what is going on at the United Nations ?
The U.S. Treasury and the Federal Reserve have arguably two of the least transparent balance sheets known to humankind .
This would n’t be such a big issue if the amount of money funneled into these organizations was small .
That is not the case .
The Federal Reserve since October of 2008 has held on its balance sheet over $ 2 trillion in reserve bank credit and also , Federal Reserve Holdings of U.S. Treasuries .
This of course is the biggest bait and switch in history because in exchange for U.S. Treasuries , banks can offload practically any collateral ( i.e. , mortgages , auto loans , credit card loans , etc ) .
The U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve are creating the biggest put option in the history of the world and the American taxpayer stands to lose big .
Let us take a look at the Fed ’s balance sheet :
The Fed doubled its balance sheet in the matter of a few weeks .
It went from approximately $ 900 billion to $ 1.8 trillion in lightning speed .
And with this speed , the public unfortunately did not know what they were exactly buying into .
It is important to take a look at the Federal Reserve balance sheet broken down by category :
Now I ’ve highlighted a few of the areas that have seen explosive growth over the past few months .
Many are not aware that the Fed already has $ 367 billion in mortgage - backed securities on its books .
That is an enormous amount .
Also , the Term auction credit which was designed to be short - term is staying absurdly high at $ 455 billion .
We have “ other loans ” of $ 102 billion .
We need more clarity beyond this .
The public is n’t shown exactly how these securities look .
There is a big difference between a 30 - year fixed MBS and an Alt - A packet that contains questionable mortgages .
These are things we do not know but are fully backing up with the full faith of the American taxpayer .
The Commercial Paper Funding Facility backstopped a large portion of the money market accounts when they broke the buck last year .
These are not assured either but here we are with $ 242 billion sitting on the balance sheet .
What is the quality here ?
The Maiden Lane facility , is the holding company that was created when the Fed brokered the JP Morgan and Bear Stearns deal .
The Fed expects to lose $ 2 to $ 6 billion on this deal .
The other Maiden Lane holding companies are setup to bailout uber financial failure AIG .
Do these sound like quality assets to you ?
There are petitions and now , a realistic push to open up the books at the Federal Reserve .
After all , if we are being asked to bail these institutions out we have a right to know what kind of collateral we are receiving .
It is not typical for the Fed to be taking on so much onto their balance sheet .
But they are .
The bet they are taking is that this thing will blow over and Recovery 2nd half 2.0 is going to take hold .
Yet that put option is being squarely put on the shoulders of the American people .
We are already going to lose money but the question is how much ?
Take a look at Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
They went into conservatorship last year and we were initially told it would cost upwards of $ 25 billion in the worst case scenario .
Recent estimates now put it at $ 177 billion .
The Fed balance sheet has exploded :
This is where things get fascinating .
What is really in those other assets category ?
That is the question many now in Congress are trying to get at .
But the Federal Reserve has the darkest balance sheet of any organization in the world .
They tell the public enough and convolute things enough where people are snowed over .
How can we not demand to know what is in that $ 2.1 + trillion balance sheet ?
They only have that because the public has allowed it .
They give categories names such as Maiden Lane which sounds much better than garbage can holders for Bear Stearns and AIG .
And recovery 2.0 is not assured .
The unemployment claims remain at record highs and as we have stated , with nearly 25,000,000 Americans unemployed or underemployed things are not going to turn quickly .
For example , Californians just voted down propositions that would increase taxes to fund state programs .
The vote was rather astounding .
So now , the biggest state in the nation is gearing up for major cuts .
This will push up unemployment .
GM is next up on the chopping block and that will produce more job losses in the summer .
Ultimately there has to be a convergence between main street and what is occurring in the stock market .
The recent rally has benefitted financial companies the most but the public is still largely left to see very little benefit even though we are now approaching the 2nd year anniversary of this crisis .
The U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve are pushing things and the public is demonstrating a fatigue .
They do what they think they know best and that is banking and they are protecting their own .
Let us put this in perspective .
California with the propositions was looking to increase revenues and taxes by $ 6 to $ 10 billion .
A total uproar .
The Fed just lists on one of its line items “ other assets ” and it is up to $ 100 + billion ?
Do people really not see what is going on ?
We need to follow the money and the U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve have it all .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
Productivity Sauce
Dmitri Popov
The ability to control your primary machine remotely can come in rather handy when you need to access your documents and applications using your netbook or laptop .
While you might be tempted to go with a solution based on the popular VNC protocol , you should keep in mind that it has two serious limitations : it 's both insecure and slow .
A much better solution is to use the FreeNX server and an NX client , which offers a secure connection that works well even with a slow modem link -- a boon for users on the move .
The first order of business is to install the FreeNX server software on your primary machine .
To do this on Ubuntu , you have to add the FreeNX Team PPA repository to the sources .
list file .
Open the file for editing using the sudo nano /etc / apt / sources .
list command and add the following lines to it :
deb http://ppa.launchpad.net/freenx-team/ubuntu
VERSION main deb-src
http://ppa.launchpad.net/freenx-team/ubuntu
VERSION main
Replace the VERSION string with the actual Ubuntu version installed on your machine ( e.g. , " jaunty " for Ubuntu 9.04 ) .
Save the modifications and close the file .
Next , add the public key of FreeNX PPA using the following command :
sudo apt - key adv -- recv-keys -- keyserver keyserver.ubuntu.com 2a8e3034d018a4ce
Update the repository info and install the FreeNX server :
sudo apt - get update && sudo apt - get install freenx
Run then the nxsetup utility to install and configure the server :
sudo /usr / lib / nx / nxsetup -- install
The setup procedure automatically starts the FreeNX server , but you can always stop and start the server manually using the following commands :
sudo /etc/init.d/ freenx-server stop sudo
/etc/init.d/ freenx-server start
Once the server is up and running , it 's time to install NX client software on your netbook or laptop .
To do this , use the sudo apt - get install qtnx command which installs the QtNX NX client .
Launch QtNX , and select Create new session from the Session drop - down list to set up a new session .
Most of the fields in the configuration window are self - explanatory , so you should n't have any problems configuring the session .
Press OK when you are done , enter your user name and password of the user account on the remote host , hit the Connect button , and you should see the remote desktop in all its beauty .
Comments
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
IF YOU are an avid reader of this blog you are familiar with Glenn Greenwald 's work .
We often link to his award - winning commentary on subjects such as the judiciary , executive power , anti-terrorism policy , and the media .
Mr Greenwald is the author a thoughtful and provocative blog , as well as three books .
His most recent work , titled " Great American Hypocrites " , examines " the manipulative electoral tactics used by the GOP and propagated by the establishment press " .
We asked him some questions this week on the new administration , anti-terrorism policy , Sonia Sotomayor and the media .
DIA : You were very critical of the Bush administration 's anti-terrorism policies and its use of executive power .
You 've also criticised the Obama administration for embracing elements of George Bush 's approach .
What are the critical changes in policy that Barack Obama needs to make in order to differentiate himself from his predecessor in these areas ?
Mr Greenwald : Secrecy is the linchpin of executive - power abuse and civil - liberties transgressions .
Barack Obama claimed to recognise that when he was seeking the Democratic nomination , constantly vowing that he'd usher in a " new era of transparency " .
Since taking office , however , he has embraced virtually all of the most radical Bush / Cheney secrecy theories — particularly its version of the " state secrets privilege " that not only allows the government to conceal illegal behaviour , but worse , allows it to prevent courts from judicially reviewing the legality of at behaviour .
As an absolute prerequisite , Mr Obama needs to follow through on his recognition , expressed at a press conference in April , that the state secrets privilege as he is using it is too broad , lest he permanently become complicit in covering - up the serious crimes of the Bush administration .
The other most serious transgression is his embrace of the core Bush / Cheney idea that detainees in the name of terrorism can be abducted and then imprisoned indefinitely without charges of any kind .
From his attempt to block detainees at Bagram from having any rights at all to his proposal for indefinite detention , Mr Obama is on the verge of institutionalising what had been merely an ad hoc policy of Bush / Cheney : the right of the president to imprison people forever , with no charges .
If he does not abandon those efforts , he really is in danger not only of equalling , but exceeding , one of the most damaging aspects of Bush / Cheney : its war on basic precepts of due process .
DIA : Are you optimistic that Mr Obama will eventually make these changes ?
Mr Greenwald :
It 's very hard to say .
I do n't doubt that Mr Obama faces substantial pressure from very powerful constituencies to maintain these policies , particularly the permanent power factions within the intelligence community and Pentagon .
It 's also an axiom of political life that politicians do n't want to voluntarily reduce their own power — even those powers they criticised when in the hands of other politicians — because they naturally believe they can be trusted to exercise those powers responsibly , for good ends .
Ultimately , Mr Obama will only adhere to his campaign commitments to the extent he is forced to by political pressure .
That 's why I think it 's so vital that those who helped elect him criticise him when warranted and demand accountability .
Only that can provide a counterweight to the pressure being exerted on him from the permanent Washington class .
DIA : You have been outspoken on the issue of detainees .
Buried in Barack Obama 's speech on national security last month was a promise to " establish a legitimate legal framework " for the prisoners held at Guantanamo Bay .
Describe the type of framework that you would like to see the president set up .
Mr Greenwald :
We already have a framework in place that works perfectly fine .
It 's called the American criminal - justice system .
It has been far more successful than George Bush 's military commissions in prosecuting and convicting accused terrorists .
The dangers from inventing a new system designed to abridge due process is so much greater than the dangers that a couple of guilty people will go free that it 's hard to overstate .
The founders recognised 230 years ago that allowing the state to imprison people only when it can convict them of crimes — and overcome substantial hurdles in order to do so — is such an indispensable safeguard against tyranny that we must be willing to accept that some guilty people will go free .
Mr Obama 's central campaign pledge in this area was that it was a " false choice " to have to pick between our basic values and our security .
If , in the name of terrorism , he abandons that core principle of the American founding — that there 's no such thing as indefinite preventive detention without charges — then he will be betraying his central pledge .
DIA : You 've applauded Barack Obama 's Supreme Court nominee , but you also say " there are many legitimate questions to raise about Sonia Sotomayor " .
What questions would you ask if you had the chance to sit down with her ?
Mr Greenwald :
At this point , the greatest impact a Supreme Court nominee will likely have is no longer in the area of social issues — abortion and gay rights — but executive power .
Ms Sotomayor 's record , through no fault of her own , is very thin in this area .
I 'd want to know her views of Hamdi , Hamdan and Boumediene ; her general views on the Yoo / Addington Article II theories of the omnipotent executive ; and how she sees the pending ( in the second circuit ) " state secrets " case brought by Maher Arar .
Mr Arar was abducted and rendered for torture , only for the US to realise he was completely innocent .
The government then blocked him from having a day in court by claiming that what was done to him was a " state secret " .
DIA : In your demolition of Jeffrey Rosen ( at TNR ) , you made much of a phoney distinction that 's often raised , between " reporting " and " blogging " .
Is there a better distinction , that might be used helpfully to distinguish between what reporters do and what bloggers do ?
Mr Greenwald : I have genuine respect for real reporting — things like what Dana Priest did in exposing CIA black sites and conditions at Walter Reed , or what Charlie Savage did in exposing George Bush 's abuse of signing statements to circumvent the law .
That 's real reporting — finding out the truth , documenting facts , exposing deceit and secrecy by government officials and others with power .
But what establishment journalists typically call " reporting " is nothing of the sort .
Often — as was the case with Jeffrey Rosen — it 's nothing more than rank gossip - mongering or worthless ( or worse ) stenography .
They speak with politically powerful people and simply write down what they say , uncritically passing it on without bothering to scrutinise if it 's true or not .
That practice is far worse when the people whose comments they 're uncritically amplifying are granted anonymity , because then there 's no accountability .
That 's the Judy Miller practice of journalism which — despite her ignominious reputation — is still the predominant method of what they call " reporting " .
That 's not blogging or reporting : it 's just mindless servitude to those in power .
At this point , the distinction between " reporting " and " blogging " has eroded quite a bit .
I think the one meaningful distinction is that bloggers are willing to engage in explicit activism — working to defeat certain policies or politicians , writing in pursuit of some political - value system — whereas reporters still maintain the pretense that they are pursuing facts without any bias or political agenda .
DIA : Do you see the media as being tilted towards the left or the right ?
Mr Greenwald :
The predominant bias of the media is n't really best understood as left or right as much as it is loyalty to power .
Journalism ought to be the opposite : it ought to be adversarial to power .
But for many reasons — the fact that media stars are now very highly - paid celebrities ; they work for the largest corporations which rely on their relationship with the government ; they are desperate for access to and favourable treatment from political figures ; they see themselves as part of the New York / Washington power elite — they empathise with and are a part of the establishment far more than they are adverse to it .
In general , that translates into a right - wing bias , in that conservatives are generally more geared to serving and glorifying elite institutions and the power that inheres in them .
And the alliance that formed in the 1990s between media stars and right - wing operatives , who single - handedly fed the Clinton / Lewinksy scandal , still persists .
But I think the overwhelming media bias is far more about serving and revering political power than it is about liberalism or conservatism .
DIA : Do you think that the media markets will organise themselves in such a way as to support the kind of reporting that a self - respecting democracy needs ?
( It seems obvious that they wo n't support the kind we have now , but will they support something good enough — or better ? )
Mr Greenwald : I 'm actually rather optimistic about the potential of technologies — principally the internet and all of its accompanying features — to enable real reporting even as newspapers die .
The ability to access information is so much greater now , the resources required to obtain that information and to build an audience are so much less , that everything really is rapidly democratising .
Financial models are being developed to support new forms of journalism and I think that will continue .
How can I prevent a producer or director from ruining my screenplay ?
I got this question recently :
“ I have written a script which is my baby and I want to ensure that the producer and director do n’t mess up my vision for this story .
How do I bring this up when talking with the producer ?
How can I ensure that my vision wins the day when this film is produced ? ”
I ’ll take the second part of that question first , “ How can I ensure that my vision wins the day when this film is produced ? ”
The short answer is simply that as a screenwriter you ca n’t in any way ensure that the final movie will even remotely resemble what you had originally conceived of .
Even if you , the producer , and director basically share the same vision it ’s quite likely that you wo n’t recognize parts of your movie .
Filmmaking is a very complex and collaborative art form .
It ’s extremely labor intensive and relies on lots of different people to do their job correctly .
It ’s not just the producer and director who can mess up your movie .
It ’s the actors , the cinematographer , the art director , the location scout , and even a P.A. could accidently lose a roll of film which could result in your favorite scene being cut from the movie because there was no budget for a re-shoot .
A lot can go wrong .
And this is assuming that you , the producer , and director share the same vision .
It ’s quite likely that you and the director ( or producer ) will disagree on many major story issues .
This is just the reality of a collaborative art form .
The screenwriter is never in charge on a movie set ( unless he ’s also the director or producer ) so in the end your voice wo n’t matter much unless the director and producer agree with your ideas .
I ’ve recommended this before and I ’ll re-iterate it here .
If you ’ve never had anything produced that you ’ve written I highly recommend that you write a 10 or 15 page script , round up a few friends , and go produce it with whatever equipment you have even if that means shooting it on your cell phone camera and editing it on Windows Movie Maker ( standard on all Windows machines ) .
The point of this exercise is not to win an award at a film festival or jump start your career ; it ’s to dive into the logistics of filmmaking .
You ’ll quickly gain an appreciation for how hard filmmaking is and how difficult it is to make a good film .
Your script may get destroyed but it ’s not always as simple as “ the director sucked . ”
From a writing perspective it ’s fascinating to see people breathe life into your script and see how they interrupt your material .
It ’s not always as you expect .
Now back to the first part of this question , “ How do I bring this up when talking with the producer ? ”
The answer is you do n’t unless you want to seriously hurt your chances of selling your script .
You have to be ready to sell your script and all rights in perpetuity and the producer can re-write it however he likes .
That ’s just how filmmaking works .
When you first meet the producer there ’s really no point in giving him a bunch of demands because he ’s either going to walk away from the project or just nod his head politely and ignore your comments when production begins .
What I usually do when I meet a director or producer for the first time ( before I ’ve optioned my script to him ) is to start the conversation with a question like , “ what do you think needs to be changed ? ” I ’ve never had a producer or director hold back .
They ’re usually more than happy to tell me all the problems with my script and how it can be fixed .
If the producer asks me a question about my script I answer it accurately and thoroughly but only if I ’m asked .
Otherwise I simply listen .
I usually figure out pretty quickly if the producer and I share the same vision for the story .
Then I decide if it ’s worth it for me to option it to him knowing full well what I ’m getting into .
After I ’ve optioned the script to the producer and re-writes begin I do n’t hold back and I try to politely fight for my ideas .
They ’re usually ignored but I knew they would be .
It really boils down to nothing more than money .
Whoever is in control of the money has the final say on all decisions .
I firmly believe that this is how it should work , too .
The hardest and riskiest part of filmmaking is raising the money .
Whoever is in charge of the money is the one who has the most on the line .
Think about it if it were your money .
Would n’t you want final say over everything ?
Or course you would .
And you would deserve it , too , if it were your money .
Some directors have enough of a track record and reputation that they get to make virtually all story decisions – but make no mistake about it – it ’s the producer ( who ’s in charge of the money ) who relinquishes this power and gives it to the director .
After you ’ve been in the business for a while you ’ll hopefully meet some directors and producers who do share you artistic sensibilities and will shoot your scripts as you intended them .
But this could take a while to build those relationships and when you ’re first starting out your main goal should be to get some credits .
So that ’s really the answer : if you want control over your projects become a producer and raise the money to shoot them .
Then you can either direct the movie yourself or hire a director who shares your vision .
The obvious next question is “ how do I attach myself as a director to my script . ”
It ’s your script so you can control its fate before you option it to someone .
So you can simply refuse to option your script to a producer if he wo n’t let you direct it .
But realize that this is killing your chances of ever optioning your script .
No producer in his right mind is going to want to get involved with a prima donna writer who thinks he can direct no matter how good his script is .
Remember , raising the money is the hardest part about filmmaking so it ’s the producer who truly has the power .
Finding a person or company willing to put up the money to shoot your film is much harder for you then it is for a producer to find another good script .
My post Should I Have Specific Actors In Mind For My Script ?
covers similar material in that I explained how to handle it when you want to cast yourself as an actor in your script .
It ’s a very similar problem and not something you really want to do if writing is your real focus .
With New Hampshire considering legislation that would make it the sixth state to legalize same - sex marriage , could religious individuals and institutions that oppose gay marriage be required to recognize or even solemnize these unions ?
Although churches and other religious organizations , including charities and schools , have typically been exempt from state and local laws prohibiting discrimination based on sexual orientation , it remains unclear how these religious institutions might be affected by new laws that require equal treatment for same - sex marriages .
Indeed , such concerns prompted New Hampshire Gov. John Lynch ( D ) to say he would sign legislation legalizing gay marriage in that state only if lawmakers add provisions giving religious organizations the right not to recognize such marriages .
Another possible flash point involves private individuals and businesses that , for religious reasons , do not want to provide wedding - related or other services to same - sex couples .
The Pew Research Center ’s Forum on Religion & Public Life turns to professors Robert W. Tuttle and Ira “ Chip ” Lupu of The George Washington University Law School to discuss how some states are trying to reconcile these and other potential conflicts between the legalization of gay marriage and the free exercise of religion .
Featuring : Ira “ Chip ” Lupu , F. Elwood and Eleanor Davis Professor of Law , The George Washington University Law School
Robert W. Tuttle , David R. and Sherry Kirschner Berz Research Professor of Law and Religion , The George Washington University Law School
Interviewer : David Masci , Senior Research Fellow , Pew Research Center ’s Forum on Religion & Public Life
Question & Answer
Some opponents of gay marriage have argued that legalizing the practice could pose a threat to religious liberties .
What are their principal concerns ?
Opponents of same - sex marriage have argued that state recognition of these marriages could intrude on the freedom of clergy and religious communities to decide what kind of marriages to solemnize .
Opponents also have expressed concern that pastors who preach against homosexuality and same - sex marriage in sermons could face criminal prosecution if sexual orientation becomes a legally protected class as part of laws against hate crimes .
Indeed , as an example of what could happen here , some same - sex marriage opponents point to the 2004 case of a Christian pastor in Sweden who preached a sermon against homosexuality and was convicted under that country ’s hate crimes law .
Opponents fear that the risk of prosecution will intimidate clergy from preaching against homosexuality .
Same - sex marriage opponents have identified several other concerns as well , including situations in which religious institutions – from social service providers and hospitals to universities – might be required to choose between compromising their core religious values and ceasing some or all of their operations .
In particular , religious organizations that now provide a range of benefits to married couples worry that they will be required to provide the same benefits to married same - sex couples .
For instance , opponents point to a 2006 decision by Catholic Charities in Massachusetts to stop placing children for adoption rather than comply with that state ’s anti-discrimination laws , which prohibit adoption agencies from excluding same - sex couples from consideration during the selection of adoptive parents .
Along the same lines , opponents worry that religiously affiliated universities and assisted living facilities could be required to make housing available to same - sex couples , or that religious organizations could be required to provide insurance benefits for their employees ’ same - sex partners .
Although religious organizations typically are exempt from state and local prohibitions on discrimination based on sexual orientation in employment , housing and other commercial activities , it is unclear whether these exemptions will extend to a religious group ’s discrimination against married same - sex couples .
Opponents of gay marriage also are concerned about how the legalization of same - sex marriage could impact private businesses and individuals who may have religious objections to same - sex marriage .
For example , a professional photographer may want to refrain from taking pictures at a same - sex marriage ceremony for moral or religious reasons .
Opponents point out that while religious groups often are exempt from nondiscrimination laws that regulate how goods and services are provided to the public , private individuals and businesses are not exempt from these regulations .
How do supporters of same - sex marriage respond ?
Supporters of same - sex marriage argue that the freedoms of religion and speech guaranteed by the First Amendment in the U.S. Constitution , as well as by state constitutions , would protect the rights of clergy and faith communities to use their own criteria for performing marriage ceremonies , as well as the right of clergy to offer sermons that oppose same - sex marriage or homosexuality .
With respect to discrimination against same - sex couples in housing , employment , adoption or other services , gay marriage supporters say that once a marriage is recognized by the state , the couple should not be subject to discrimination and should be treated like any other married couple .
Supporters point out that although the U.S. Constitution likely bars states from regulating decisions by clergy or faith communities about who may marry within their religious traditions , the Constitution does not limit state regulation of those who provide adoption , housing or other services .
According to same - sex marriage proponents , religious groups do not , and should not , have the federal constitutional right to apply religious criteria to activities outside their faith tradition .
Thus , a state government does not violate the U.S. Constitution if it insists that all adoption agencies – even those operated by religious organizations – must be willing to place children with same - sex couples .
A religious organization is not required to approve of same - sex marriage , proponents say , but is required to acknowledge the equality of such marriages for the limited purposes of adoption or other services .
Same - sex marriage supporters also point out that when individuals enter the commercial market as employers or sellers , their federal constitutional right of freedom of religion is significantly limited .
So , for instance , if a catering hall hosts wedding receptions for opposite - sex couples , it must also do so for gays and lesbians .
How have these concerns been addressed by the courts ?
Until now , almost all court decisions about same - sex marriage have involved the question of whether the state must recognize these marriages .
The potential conflict between same - sex marriage and freedom of religion has not yet been presented squarely to the courts .
Now that several states recognize these marriages , however , it is quite likely that , in the near future , courts will have to address the issue .
For example , a state might deny financial benefits to a religious organization that discriminates against a member of a same - sex couple , and the organization might challenge that denial in a lawsuit against the state .
In such a case , the religious organization might raise religious freedom protections as a legal justification for its policies .
In that situation , the courts would need to decide whether these protections trump anti-discrimination laws .
Under current federal constitutional law , it would be difficult for a religious organization to prevail in such a case .
State constitutional law , however , might be more favorable toward a religious organization on this issue .
The U.S. Constitution ’s Free Exercise Clause protects religious organizations only from laws that specifically burden religious conduct , such as a law that requires clergy to solemnize same - sex marriages .
But some state constitutional and statutory provisions offer greater protection for religious conduct .
These state provisions require jurisdictions to exempt religious organizations and individuals from any regulations that impose a “ substantial burden ” on religious beliefs , unless the regulation in question is the only means of protecting a “ compelling government interest . ”
Under these state provisions , for instance , a religious college could argue that providing housing to same - sex couples would significantly burden the college ’s religious beliefs about marriage , and the state likely would be required to exempt the college from any requirement to offer housing to same - sex couples .
How , so far , have state legislatures tried to balance the rights of married same - sex couples with the principle of freedom of religion ?
Although five states allow gay marriage , only Vermont , Connecticut and Maine actually have enacted laws recognizing the practice .
( In Massachusetts and Iowa , same - sex marriage was legalized as a result of a court decision and without any legislative enactments . )
The Vermont law , enacted in early April 2009 , includes three specific provisions relating to freedom of religion .
The law recognizes that clergy have the right not to preside over same - sex marriages ; that religious organizations have the right to refuse the use of their facilities to celebrate same - sex marriages ; and that fraternal benefit societies , such as the Knights of Columbus , have the right to refuse to provide insurance benefits to the same - sex partners of their members if the organization has religious scruples against doing so .
The Connecticut law , also enacted in April 2009 , includes the same safeguards as the Vermont law .
In addition , the Connecticut law allows religious organizations that provide adoption services to deny those services to same - sex couples as long as the religious organization ’s adoption services are not supported by state or federal funds .
The Maine law , enacted in May 2009 , contains two provisions related to freedom of religion .
First , the statute says that anyone “ authorized to join persons in marriage ” has the right to refuse to perform any marriage ceremony .
Second , the Maine law also says that the state ’s new definition of civil marriage does not authorize the government to “ compel , prevent , or interfere ” with a religious community ’s policies about marriage .
The precise meaning of this provision is unclear , but this law could offer significant protections for religious organizations that oppose same - sex marriage .
The New Hampshire legislature is currently debating a gay marriage law that would likely combine some features of the Connecticut and Vermont laws .
Like the Connecticut law , the New Hampshire bill would insulate religious organizations that oppose same - sex marriage – as well as their clergy and other employees – from any obligation to provide services that could contribute to the solemnization , celebration or promotion of gay marriage .
And like the recently enacted Vermont statute , the New Hampshire bill would protect the right of religiously affiliated fraternal benefit societies that oppose gay marriage , such as the Knights of Columbus , to exclude from membership people who are married to someone of the same sex .
It also would allow such benefit societies to deny insurance benefits to the same - sex spouses of members .
Proposed legislation in New York contains a narrower protection for religious liberty .
While this proposed law exempts those who are authorized to perform marriage ceremonies and who object to gay marriage from being required to solemnize such marriages , it does not address any other implications for religious organizations .
In the future , is this conflict more likely to be played out at the federal level or the state level ?
The most basic decisions will be made by the states because states rather than the federal government issue marriage licenses and are the primary sources of law related to marriage and divorce .
Thus , each state that legalizes same - sex marriage may create its own balance between marriage rights and freedom of religion .
As of now , states have wide discretion under federal law about whether and how to recognize a legal status for same - sex couples .
States have similarly wide discretion about whether to exempt religious organizations from certain rules of nondiscrimination .
So , unless the U.S. Supreme Court steps into the picture , state courts are likely to be the primary legal venues on this issue .
The federal government , however , also may play a significant role in the evolution of this conflict .
In 1996 , the U.S. Congress enacted and President Bill Clinton signed the Defense of Marriage Act , which stipulates that , for purposes of federal law – such as the filing of joint tax returns or eligibility for survivors ’ benefits under Social Security – the federal government recognizes only opposite - sex marriages .
Thus , even though Massachusetts , Connecticut , Iowa , Maine and Vermont now recognize same - sex couples who marry , the federal government does not treat these people as married .
Proponents of same - sex marriage hope to see Congress repeal the Defense of Marriage Act .
If Congress were to take steps in that direction , opponents of same - sex marriage would likely insist on some protection for religious liberty in that bill .
Such protection might include a requirement saying that states recognizing same - sex marriage must respect the right of clergy and religious institutions to recognize and solemnize only opposite - sex marriages .
Such protection also might extend further to mandate exemptions for religious organizations from state laws that prohibit discrimination against same - sex couples .
Depending on the outcome , federal law could have a far - reaching and significant impact on this issue .
Photo credit : AP
This transcript has been edited for clarity , spelling and grammar .
Canada is considering legislation allowing the country 's police and national security agency to readily access the online communications and the personal information of ISP subscribers .
" We must ensure that law enforcement has the necessary tools to catch up to the bad guys and ultimately bring them to justice .
Twenty - first century technology calls for 21st - century tools , " Justice Minister Rob Nicholson said in announcing two new bills at a press conference in Ottawa , the CBC has reported .
The Technical Assistance for Law Enforcement in the 21st Century Act would require ISPs to install " intercept - capable " equipment on their networks and provide police with " timely access " to subscribers ' personal information , including names , street addresses , and IP addresses .
According to the Government of Canada , the new law would not provide police or the Canadian Security Intelligence Service ( CSIS ) with additional intercept powers .
Police forces and the CSIS will still require warrants for communication interception , the government says .
But they will not need a warrant when requesting a subscriber 's personal information .
At the news conference , Public Safety Peter Van Loan said that currently some ISPs are unwilling to provide personal info without a warrant and that this slows down investigations into crimes like child sexual exploitation or online theft .
We 're not surprised he played the child sexual exploitation card .
Van Loan also said that ISPs will have to pay for the new intercept equipment but that the Canadian government may provide " reasonable compensation " if a service provider is forced to retrofit existing hardware .
ISPs would have 18 months to make the changes , but the law would provide a three - year exemption for companies with less than 100,000 subscribers .
The government is also proposing amendments to the Criminal Code , the Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters Act ( MLACMA ) , and the Competition Act .
These amendments would allow police to obtain both telephone and internet transmissions with a warrant ( for live data ) or a production order ( for historical data ) , force telcos to retain data related to particular investigations , and allow law enforcement to remotely activate existing tracking devices in cell phones and other devices .
Oh , and it would make it a criminal offense for two or more people to agree to or arrange child sexual exploitation via telecommunications . ®
“ Many have argued that capitalism does not offer a satisfactory moral message .
But that is like saying that calculus does not contain carbohydrates , amino acids , or other essential nutrients .
Everything fails by irrelevant standards . ” - Thomas Sowell
I hate to be the bearer of reality ( formerly known as “ bad news ” ) but when the president of the United States proposes a budget so large that $ 17 billion in cuts would only account for .04 % of it , your country is in trouble .
This means that the same inept band of former trial lawyers and community organizers in Washington , the ones who could n't run Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae anywhere but directly in to the ground and oversaw staggering financial losses even in the management of the Congressional dining hall , will now have upwards of $ 3.4 trillion to “ reshape America ” with .
For one year , $ 3.4 trillion .
Gentlemen , start your slush funds .
We find ourselves in a tough spot right now , no doubt .
The problems did n't start yesterday and they 're not going away tomorrow .
The situation and its resolution are complex and complicated , but at the very heart of the answer to the question “ How did we get here ? ” is this : a misplaced distrust and disdain for capitalism .
For 60 years the assault on free enterprise and the private sector of our economy has grown exponentially .
By and large , the attacks on capitalism , whether through legislation in Congress , lectures in the classroom , or not - so - subtly - embedded messages on your television screen , have n't relented since the end of World War II .
One of the biggest misconceptions being peddled today is that capitalism was the root cause of our recent economic meltdown .
This ridiculous premise falsely presumes that genuine capitalism has actually been in place the past half century ; let alone previous 8 years during George W. Bush 's time in office .
Someone who spouts such historically inaccurate gobbledygook assumes that it is “ no big deal ” that we have a media , academia , and entertainment industry ( all fueled and funded by free market capitalism , mind you ) that has done everything in its power to undermine and mis-characterize capitalism in the minds of millions of Americans .
Intellectually , free enterprise 's public deterioration has unmistakably come from the Left .
There 's really little point in debating this fact .
One can call him or herself a “ modern liberal ” and still claim some allegiance to free market capitalism , but it 's a lonely island they 'll have deserted themselves on .
Liberalism , embodied by the modern Democrat Party , is fundamentally a statist , collectivist movement .
In other words : anti-capitalist .
However , in practice , in the halls of political power , and although Democrats are more inclined to statism and consistent in their bigger - government tendencies , both parties share the blame for abusing capitalism and grabbing powers that , constitutionally speaking , do not belong to them .
Of course this is always done with “ good intentions “ , or in the name of “ justice ” or “ fairness ” , but the predictable result is always the same : higher taxes , more spending , increased control for the federal government , and less liberty ( and income ) for private , law - abiding citizens .
Speaking of those John and Jane Q. Taxpayer 's out there , they too have a part to play in the death of capitalism .
Whether by ignorance or willful , active participation , each voter has contributed in some way to the corrosion of free enterprise , which has led us to the financial crisis we find ourselves in today .
Two of the more egregious categories of voters in my mind include the die - in - the - wool anti-capitalist liberal , and the apathetically uninvolved Republican who only shows up , or any interest in the candidates , every 4 years .
Those in the first group who proudly vote for “ more - of - everything - but - freedom ” politicians on the Left do so in large part because of their own personal perspective on the “ social issues ” that they often mock conservative Republicans on the Right for being actively involved in .
Welfare , on - demand abortion , Sarah Palin 's belief that the Creator actually created the earth , and the like get this first group of committed liberals out of bed on election morning with a federally - subsidized spring in their step .
They 're dead wrong , mind you , but there 's little hope of convincing them otherwise .
These Left - of - Left - of - Center people proudly boast a devotion to a worldview and political ideology that is literally unsustainable without the birthrates of the religious conservatives they despise , and fiscally untenable without the productivity of the entrepreneurial capitalists they attempt to inhibit .
Nice .
Then there are the millions of Republican voters who cast party - line ballots on the other side of the political aisle come election time and then promptly ( and mentally ) check out of the process for another 4 years .
They sit by and watch as the GOP spends like inebriated liberal sailors , but because they hear terms like “ pro-choice ” and “ family values ” they 're willing to irresponsibly sell themselves and their children 's children down the economic river .
I could n't be more fed up with this “ I 'm so passionate about politics that I fail to monitor the primary , Constitutionally - appointed tasks my representatives are supposed to do ” type of Republican voter .
Placing an “ I did n't vote for Chairman MAObama ” bumper - sticker on your car is n't enough .
We 're better than this , and it takes some physical and intellectual elbow - grease to initiate “ real change ” by staying actively informed and involved .
This includes teaching and instructing future generations the values you deem worthy of your precious vote .
If your son , daughter , brother , sister , nephew , niece or grand kid does n't learn about conservatism and capitalism from you , they wo n't learn it at all .
Teachers and friends at high school and college are indoctrinating the children of wishy - washy traditional Americans with secular - progressive liberalism .
The litmus test for gauging your credibility as a “ real ” conservative ( or libertarian ) should no longer simply be if you say you like capitalism at dinner parties and barbeques , but how many young people in your life know for a fact that you like it , and can themselves explain it to others because you 've taught them the tenets of free market enterprise .
Now there are obviously many different groups that make up our electorate , and some people fall in to multiple ones among them .
But honestly , if you are n't on the side of freer markets , if you do n't crave more economic liberty , if you do n't desire “ self - reliance and civic duty ” ceasing to be deemed as mutually exclusive traits of a good citizen , then you are n't in - line with the purpose and intent of this great nation and its visionary Founders .
It 's a tough and bitter pill to swallow to hear this , I know .
Especially in these politically correct , “ truth is relative ” , emotions - driven times .
But it 's no less true that someone opposed to economic liberty ( in word or deed ) is opposed to America 's original meaning just because we happen to live in a day and age where we'd all rather be nice than right .
People incorrectly assume that the right to vote is the most important thing in a free society .
It obviously does matter , but what is more important than your ability to earn a living ?
What speaks more directly to what it means to be truly free than the degree to which you are able to provide for yourself and your family ?
Perhaps this familial aspect to the inherent value of economic liberty is why in overwhelming numbers more married people identify themselves as conservative and younger , single adults tend to be more liberal .
It is harder , although not impossible , for a young single person to appreciate the paradoxical satisfaction that comes from being burdened with the responsibility of providing for others , and meeting that challenge by the sweat of your own brow ( instead of a tax - credit from your neighbor ) .
Freedom to young people my age typically means the ability to “ do whatever I want . ”
Freedom for those with others dependent upon them quickly becomes what G.K. Chesterton described as “ the ability to do what I should . ”
If you have to come to government for what you otherwise could provide and sacrifice for on your own , you are n't really free .
You are now dependent on that government , and the only way to get more of what you need is to vote for the politician who promises to give more and more of it away .
This is known in some circles as “ socialism ” .
( See : Europe )
Political freedom only matters if you do n't need politicians to survive .
( Part II coming Friday )
there are 5 emergency exits on this plane
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
What a surprise , Republican leaders are taking the opportunity to blame Iran ’s blatantly stolen election on Obama :
Richard Perle , a neoconservative and former Pentagon adviser , said Obama must share the blame for Ahmadinejad ’s power grab .
“ Normally , when you unclench your fist it benefits the hardliners , because Obama appeared to be saying we can do business with you even with your present policies . ” [… ]
“ It underscores the folly of the president ’s basic premise that the problem we have with bad actors around the world is that they do n’t understand us , ” said Frank Gaffney , of the Center for Security Policy , a conservative think tank .
“ These people are thugs and they have been emboldened by our weakness . ”
The OM Composer 's Book is a collection of essays about computer music composition written by composers .
Each chapter provides the description of the musical work making use of " computer - aided composition " ( CAC ) tools , and more especifically of OpenMusic ( OM ) , a visual programming environment for music composition developped by the Music Representations research group at IRCAM .
Through the description of a personal compositional approach or a particular composition , the authors address a large diversity of problems related to symbolic computation techniques , data structures , discrete mathematics algorithms , and many other topics .
Over the weekend Apple waltzed through the latest iPhone launch , while its partner AT&T tripped and stumbled like a dance - school dropout .
Perhaps AT&T did n't feel the need to smooth its moves , because in three days Apple sold over a million iPhone 3GS units worldwide anyway .
But in a surprising move , Apple two weeks ago pointed the harsh spotlight of scrutiny on its partner at the Worldwide Developers Conference by announcing that multimedia messaging and tethering on the iPhone would be immediately available for customers with several international carriers — but not for AT&T customers .
As if the chorus of " boos " in the audience were n't enough , AT&T soon after came under heavy fire when customers learned about an early - adoption fee — an extra $ 200 that iPhone 3G users would have to pay to upgrade to the latest iPhone 3GS handset .
While AT&T has addressed both the lack of MMS ( it 's coming , the company says ) and the early - adoption fee ( AT&T later offered the fully subsidized , new - customer price to a larger number of current customers ) , these are just two of the company 's many missteps around the iPhone 3GS launch .
Still , it 's unlikely Apple is going to find a new dance partner in the U.S. Together , Apple and AT&T have sold more than 6 million iPhone 3G units to date , according to AT&T .
With that much at stake , it 's unlikely the two will call it quits after coming so far .
Our advice ?
It 's time for a little heart to heart .
When stuff gets rocky , a common method is to look back and discuss the situation to avoid repeating mistakes .
The following is our analysis of what went wrong with the iPhone launch and why ( according to AT&T ; Apple has not answered our requests for explanation ) , coupled with suggestions for how execution could have been better .
No immediate MMS or tethering support
i Phone customers have been clamoring for MMS since day one : Even cheap cellphones have carried this feature for as long as we can remember .
Tethering — the ability to turn a handset into a wireless modem for browsing the web on your computer — has also been in high demand among iPhone owners in envy of BlackBerry users with tethering capabilities .
So imagine the air of disdain exuded from iPhone users at WWDC when Phil Schiller , Apple 's VP of marketing , delivered the bad news : MMS wo n't be available for AT&T subscribers until late summer ; there is no official announcement about when AT&T will offer tethering , either , or how much it will cost .
AT&T 's explanation ?
The company declined to give the reason behind the lack of immediate support for either of these features , but a spokesman told Wired.com that the delay has nothing to do with AT&T 's network .
So what could it be ?
A tipster told The Boy Genius Report that MMS is n't immediately available because AT&T must manually remove a code disabling MMS — an " Opt Out MMS Code " — from each account .
We 're confused about this explanation , because prior to the launch of iPhone 3.0 , Apple 's text - messaging app did n't support MMS to begin with .
Why insert an opt - out code at all ?
This is a case where transparency could 've helped calm the angry masses .
The least AT&T can do is give customers an exact date when MMS and tethering will be available .
The company should also provide a general explanation of what 's causing the delay — more than " These upgrades are unrelated to our 3 - G network . "
Telling consumers what 's not going on is useless .
Tell people what the delay is related to , and they 'll be more understanding and a little more patient .
To be fair , AT&T is making an effort to communicate with consumers via its Twitter account , YouTube channel and Facebook page .
But clearly the company is glossing over topics that consumers really care about , such as MMS and tethering .
Having all these outlets of communication is the perfect opportunity for AT&T to improve its customer relations , so why not start with this topic ?
We all know this much :
If other carriers are already providing MMS and tethering , then it 's clearly not an issue with the phone 's hardware .
So the heat is on AT&T .
Early upgrade fee for iPhone 3GS
i Phone 3G owners felt insulted when they learned they had to pay an extra $ 200 on top of the price tag of the iPhone 3GS , bringing the total to $ 400 or $ 500 ( for the 16 - GB or 32 - GB models , respectively ) .
Why the hefty price ?
It makes sense : The iPhone 3G launched about a year ago , and customers bought the phone for subsidized prices of $ 200 or $ 300 .
They have n't finished their two - year contract , so AT&T is n't obligated to subsidize yet another iPhone for them .
But that still smacks of punishing your best customers .
And it 's inconsistent , to boot .
In 2008 , original iPhone owners were not required to pay an extra fee to upgrade to the iPhone 3G .
Thus , they felt confused and betrayed when they found out about the early - adoption fee for iPhone 3GS .
AT&T explained to Wired.com why the iPhone 3GS upgrade policy is different : Original iPhone customers bought their iPhones without an AT&T subsidy .
( If you recall , the original iPhone cost $ 600 at launch in June 2007 ) .
Therefore , they were eligible for subsidized pricing for the iPhone 3G without paying an early - adoption fee .
Confusing , is n't it ?
But AT&T did n't make that clear at its iPhone 3GS order website , nor did Apple .
This lack of transparency inspired outrage among iPhone enthusiasts , who demanded better treatment for their loyalty .
In response to complaints , AT&T reduced the amount of time some iPhone 3G owners would have to wait to become eligible for subsidized pricing .
While it 's good to see AT&T listening to customers , the buyers remorse could have been mitigated had the company been clear about where the early - adoption fee came from .
__Additional charges for text messaging
__Owners of the original iPhone are paying at least $ 15 more monthly for the new iPhone 3GS , just like those who upgraded to the 3G last year .
That 's because the unlimited 3G data plan costs $ 30 — $ 10 more than the original iPhone 's unlimited Edge data plan .
Also , original iPhone owners had an option for 200 free text messages .
For the iPhone 3G and iPhone 3GS , it now costs $ 5 for that minimal 200 SMS plan .
The increased data fee might make sense , but why pay $ 5 for text messages when in the past it cost nothing ?
An AT&T spokesman 's explanation provided to Wired.com : " We brought the iPhone plans in line with all of our other smartphone plans .
I believe that we kept the original plan grandfathered in , but were making that standardization starting with the iPhone 3G . "
That will likely translate to consumers as , " We 're ripping off other smartphone users with text messaging , so it 's only fair we do the same to iPhone owners , too . "
Our suggestion is somewhat idealistic :
Get rid of those text - messaging ( SMS ) fees altogether .
Text messages cost nearly nothing for telecom companies ; text messages are indeed data , and yet we pay additional fees just to send them — meaning AT&T ’s unlimited data plan is n't truly an unlimited data plan .
Lump unlimited text messaging into the unlimited data plan , and you have a less expensive smartphone package .
That would earn some respect from customers , would n't it ?
AT&T's pre-order system
Several iPhone 3GS customers polled by Wired.com expressed regret for pre-ordering the new handset through AT&T rather than Apple .
Why ?
See the screenshots to the right .
Apple 's tracking system kept pre-order customers informed every step of the way — even notifying them when iPhone 3GS units left the warehouse in Shenzhen , China .
Those who ordered through Apple knew exactly what day to expect their iPhone 3GS .
AT&T pre-order customers ( including myself ) , on the other hand , were left in the dark .
AT&T 's order - tracking system did n't offer any up - to - date information .
Even a week after placing the pre-order for an iPhone 3GS , AT&T 's order status displayed the message " In Progress " for three items : Various SIM , freight and the iPhone .
Finally , on June 19 , the date of the iPhone 3GS 's release , the tracking system updated saying " Various SIM : Shipped " ; the iPhone itself disappeared from the page .
( I shared this experience with a couple of others . )
Even after the status changed to " Shipped , " the tracking page never provided a tracking number .
Needing the new iPhone 3GS for an assignment , I was antsy about when the smartphone would arrive .
I dialed AT&T 's customer service , and even a supervisor ( " Pam , " who refused to disclose her last name ) could not provide more detailed shipping information other than " Your order is in progress . "
She admitted that " some customers will be disappointed because they wo n't receive their iPhones . "
Why not provide a shipping number ?
Any delivery service provides this basic information .
The problem with AT&T's pre-order system is marked by a clear misunderstanding of pre-order customers .
They 're obviously people who want the new iPhone first , and they want to know exactly when it will arrive .
Other than that , the company clearly is not equipped with the proper tools or trained to handle an order - tracking system .
In this case , AT&T would have been better off letting Apple handle all the pre-orders ( they are , after all , shipping the same phone ) or directing customers to the FedEx tracking website rather than AT&T 's order status site .
Activation woes
As if the aforementioned hiccups were n't enough , some new iPhone 3GS owners were left phoneless over the weekend due to the network 's failure to activate their phones .
Apple apologized to affected customers in an e-mail and issued $ 30 iTunes credit .
While Apple 's e-mail to the affected customers seemed to suggest the problem lay with AT&T 's network , AT&T has denied responsibility for these issues and declined to provide a technical explanation .
Apple has not returned phone calls requesting comment .
Apple 's apology and issuing of iTunes credit is a testament to why the corporation consistently tops the charts in customer satisfaction surveys .
Regardless of whose fault it was , AT&T should have come forward with an apology as well , padded with a small discount from affected customers ' bills to compensate for days of having phoneless iPhones .
Any other thoughts about AT&T , Apple , the iPhone , customer service and the whole shebang ?
Add your suggestions in the comment section below .
See Also :
Photo : John Swords / Flickr
SCEA head Jack Tretton is bummed that the best parts of the Sony E3 keynote were leaked well before the company had a chance to unveil them , and thinks it 's part of a larger problem in the videogame industry .
Jack Tretton probably really wanted to formally unveil Trico - now The Last Guardian - at the Sony E3 press conference .
Unfortunately , the trailer was leaked beforehand .
Or hey , it would probably have been a huge announcement if he'd been able to pull the cover off the PSP - Go ... but we knew about that one already , too .
We knew that Sony was working on motion control .
We knew a huge chunk of what Sony 's presenters were going to say before they even stepped on stage .
Understandably , Tretton is kind of peeved : " Stop f**king leaking our news , you bastards . "
Okay , he did n't actually say that .
What he did say , though , was that the E3 leaks were endemic of a larger problem in the industry - people just can't seem to keep a secret .
" People do n't respect confidentiality in this industry , " Tretton told CNBC .
" It 's tough enough to keep a secret within your own company , much less when you speak to third parties . "
Annoying for things like the PSP Go , yes - but not crippling .
But what about proprietary information like , say , new consoles ?
Companies rely on keeping their secrets , well , secret in order to eke out a potential lead in the bitter battles of the console war .
What would have happened if Sony had learned the specifics of Project Natal two years ago ?
What would have happened if Microsoft knew exactly what Sony was planning with their own motion control ?
The omnipresence of leaks in the industry makes it hard to run a seaworthy ship .
" This is an industry that has trouble focusing on today , " Tretton elaborated .
" We want to constantly talk about tomorrow ...
You have to prepare for people to know things in advance .
The frustrating thing is they only know a part of the story and that opens up a lot of conjecture and misinformation that ultimately waters down the reality when you roll it out . "
He also said that people with no financial stake in the matter should stop telling Sony to lower the price on the PS3 already , but c'mon , who really cares what he has to say ?
We all know they 're going to lower the price .
I mean , it came from a leak .
It must be true !
( VG247 )
From much of what we can glean , it was only after the suspects had given up lots of info , but not the info Cheney wanted , that the torture started , as it usually does in history .
It starts with someone empowered with torture to get from a victim the words that will confirm what the torturer already believes .
This evidence can then be publicly cited as proof that Cheney is right ... and justify further torture and even , in this case , partly justify an entire war that killed tens of thousands and cost trillions of dollars and still has almost the entire US military locked down with no way out in the middle of the Middle East .
Moreover , the result of torture - it worked !
you can almost hear Cheney exult - proves that other potential torture victims could also be forced to tell us the same thing .
And so the temptation to torture deepens with every session - as you believe you are nearing the truth , even as , in reality , you are entering a dark hole from which there is no escaping .
And so Ibn al - Sheikh al - Libi was first captured by the US and tortured by CIA surrogates in an Egyptian cell .
Apparently , they beat him and put him in a coffin for 17 hours as a mock - burial .
To end the severe mental and physical suffering , he confessed that Saddam had trained al Qaeda terrorists in deploying WMDs .
This evidence was then cited by Colin Powell as part of the rationale for going to war in Iraq .
Bingo !
And we wonder why torture is such a temptation .
Which politician would n't want to be able to manufacture evidence to support what he wants to do anyway ?
Take that , Valerie Plame !
Now you see the temptation to use Zubaydah for the same purpose .
He 'd been interrogated successfully , given up huge amounts of information when being treated humanely , even kindly , in hospital and after - but not enough for Cheney .
Cheney wanted Zubaydah to tell him what Cheney already knew : the Saddam - Qaeda connection .
That would sure foil those pantywaist liberals in the State Department , the Congress and the press who kept asking for proof - as if proof were needed in such an emergency .
And so Zubaydah was strapped to a waterboard to force a fake casus belli out of him .
Here is the relevant section from the Bybee memo :
The interrogation team is certain that he has additional information that he refuses to divulge .
Specifically , he is withholding information regarding terrorist networks in the United States or in Saudi Arabia and information regarding plans to conduct attacks within the United States or against our interests overseas .
But those in the " interrogation team " had no such certainty , according to Ali Soufan , who was part of it .
And David Rose subsequently discovered what Bush and Cheney got out of the torture session , once the professional interrogators had been ushered out :
Rose quotes a Pentagon analyst who read the transcripts from the interrogation : “ Abu Zubaydah was saying Iraq and Al - Qaeda had an operational relationship .
It was everything the administration hoped it would be . ”
That analyst did not then know that the evidence was procured through torture .
“ As soon as I learnt that the reports had come from torture , once my anger had subsided I understood the damage it had done , ” the analyst says .
We still have memos and a bureaucratic paper trail .
But we do n't have the tapes of those torture sessions which were destroyed - yes this is a Hollywood movie - by the CIA .
And as for al - Libi , a man who could also flesh out the details of his torture and what Cheney forced him to say ... well , for a long time , he simply went missing :
" I would speculate that he was missing because he was such an embarrassment to the Bush administration , " said Tom Malinowski , the head of the Washington office of Human Rights Watch .
" He was Exhibit A in the narrative that tortured confessions contributed to the massive intelligence failure that preceded the Iraq war . "
Yesterday , he was found dead in a Libyan jail , an apparent " suicide " .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Lord Mandelson , the First Secretary of State , has acquired the largest Whitehall department anyone can remember , with 11 ministers , six of them peers .
There is nothing wrong with Lords being appointed as ministers ; indeed , their expertise is often greater than that of their Commons counterparts .
But it is somewhat hypocritical of a Government that has sought to emasculate the Upper House to appoint more peers to senior posts than at any time since the 1950s .
As William Hague said in the Commons on Wednesday , the growth of the unelected portion of Her Majesty 's Government is further evidence of the need for the dissolution of Parliament .
There is waste here , too – not in the name of better government but of political expediency .
More than £ 7 million was spent in just 20 months establishing and then winding up the Department for Innovation , Universities and Skills .
This is not " democratic renewal " ; it is bureaucratic extravagance .
June 1st , 2009 | by Ethan Jaynes |
Gas Station and Tanker Blow Up , Live Explosion Video .
This is so awesome , and It is way cooler than any Hollywood movie .
The explosion happens at the 50 second marker .
I ’m not a professional tennis player .
I ’m not even a tennis player .
The last time I touched a tennis racket was 5 years ago .
But I did read about how a professional tennis player aims to hit as many balls to the opponent to make him miss , in order to win .
An amateur , on the other hand , aims to try to catch as many balls as possible , aiming not to make any mistakes till his opponent eventually makes a mistake and causes himself to lose .
That ’s defensive playing .
I ’m not a professional stock investor either .
I admit neither I have the time nor the patience to go through every financial report , visit the companies I ’m interested in buying and whatever else it takes to be really confident enough to put a huge chunk of my hard - earned money into the stock .
So I have to invest defensively .
I aim to minimise my losses while riding the general upward trend of the stock market , rather than maximising my gains on the individual hot stocks .
It may limit my gains a little , but in the event of a crash , I hope to come out relatively intact .
I basically expect a crash , even in the longest bull run ever .
It ’s like having a Plan B even though you hope you never have to use it , or buying insurance though you do n’t really want to die or get a critical illness just to make the most of it .
So how do I play my defensive game ?
I protect myself the following ways .
1. I stick with what I know .
It ’s easier to figure out that maybe the market has over - reacted when you are familiar with the industry .
For example , I bought Bank Of America at $ 4 and Citigroup at $ 1 .
The prices were crashing as people anticipated a further crash and that did n’t happen .
Today they are holding at $ 13 and $ 3.5 respectively .
Do the exact opposite of what the average investor is doing .
I bought Merck when it was being sued for one of its drugs , Vioxx .
The price crashed as people anticipated huge lawsuit payouts , which never happened .
Read
2 . I buy stocks when the price is low .
It works either when the market is down , or if the individual stock has fallen out of favour .
If you buy when the market is down , it can only turn up .
Of course , the risk is that you never know when it is going to turn up and you may be stuck with a low price for a long time .
It really is n’t easy to time the market , but you can tell for example , if there has been an irrational selling off of stocks .
That ’s a good time to buy .
The stock market has gone on sale .
Stock up !
3 . I try to buy stocks that are near their underlying values .
I ’m not very good at analysing companies , but I figure if the company has $ X in cash per share , or $ Y in assets that can be sold off should the company fold , and the price is within that range , it should be reasonably safe .
4 . I like stocks with good dividend yields .
That way , even if the stock price falls , eventually , the dividend payout becomes so good , people will start buying it again , so helping to support the stock price .
Plus I figure , if the company can afford to give out dividends regularly every year , it ca n’t be doing too badly .
5 . I have some of Warren Buffet ’s stock .
It does n’t come cheap .
But hey , if he ca n’t get his investments right , who can ?
Kennigit Profile Blog Joined October 2006 Canada 19376 Posts Last Edited : 2009-06-27 22:57:51 #
1
Edit : Its from 08 but the WIP shots are new .... i'd still hit like i hit my wife .
Ninjaing these before they get NDAed !
All the photos
http://viewmorepics.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=viewImage&friendID=2526801&albumID=2197471&imageID=47592531#a=2197471&i=47593487
Source : Just saw on SC : Legacy some leaked WIP shots of a Kerrigan statue that was shown off at last year 's Blizzcon .... brb picking my jaw off the ground .
Edit :
Its from 08 but the WIP shots are new .... i'd still hit like i hit my wife .
Ninjaing these before they get NDAed !
All the photosSource : http://www.sc2legacy.com/news/23-sc2/423-kerrigan-statue-wip-shots
SteelString Profile Joined July 2006 446 Posts # 2
I love how the only non-essential tissue they kept was her tits .
King K. Rool Profile Blog Joined May 2009 Canada 4217 Posts # 3 fapfapfapfapfapfapfap
thought it was cosplay from first picture .
wooooooooooooooooooooow
Husky Profile Blog Joined May 2009 United States 3362 Posts # 4 I think she looked better in BW :\ Commentaries : youtube.com/HuskyStarcraft
rally_point Profile Joined April 2009 Canada 425 Posts Last Edited : 2009-06-26 21:18:12 # 5 wow lots of detail
her wings look sweet
Lovin Profile Joined May 2009 Denmark 800 Posts Last Edited : 2009-06-26 21:15:12 #6
On June 27 2009 06:11 King K. Rool wrote :
fapfapfapfapfapfapfap
thought it was cosplay from first picture .
wooooooooooooooooooooow
Haha !
Edit : Spot I a zerg queen in heels ?
That 's epicnees right there :O Haha !
Edit : Spot I a zerg queen in heels ?
That 's epicnees right there :O AKA SuddenSalad
Psychobabas Profile Blog Joined March 2006 United Kingdom 2530 Posts # 7 funny how she is wearing stilettos .
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3bzlsFfIahY
Murdoink Profile Joined March 2009 Chile 1219 Posts # 8 I wonder how her boobs feel SNARF HWAITING
breathKILL Profile Joined April 2009 Croatia 43 Posts # 9
She 's got high heels growing out of her feet - total fail .
pieisamazing Profile Joined May 2009 United States 1231 Posts # 10
That 's incredible .
connoisseur
Pufftrees Profile Joined March 2009 2442 Posts # 11
That is tight .
Ca n't wait for blizzcon !
Chance favors the prepared mind .
Railz Profile Joined July 2008 United States 1448 Posts # 12 On June 27 2009 06:16 breathKILL wrote :
She 's got high heels growing out of her feet - total win .
Fixed .
You know how deadly high heels are when you high kick with them ?
Fixed .
You know how deadly high heels are when you high kick with them ?
Did the whole world just get a lot smaller and go whooosh ?
_-` Number 0ne By. Fantasy Fanatic !
breathKILL Profile Joined April 2009 Croatia 43 Posts # 13
DAT ASS
Kentor Profile Blog Joined December 2007 United States 5784 Posts # 14 her boobs are zerg eggs
Toads Profile Blog Joined February 2009 Canada 1795 Posts Last Edited : 2009-06-26 21:22:31 # 15
i have no word to say how this kerrigan is awsome ( ｡◕ ω ◕｡ ) Beer Time !!!! ( ｡◕ ω ◕｡ )
T.O.P. Profile Blog Joined January 2009 Hong Kong 4684 Posts # 16
Her boobs look so funny Oracle comes in , Scvs go down , never a miscommunication .
AlwaysGG Profile Joined March 2009 Taiwan 952 Posts # 17 On June 27 2009 06:19 Railz wrote :
Show nested quote +
On June 27 2009 06:16 breathKILL wrote :
She 's got high heels growing out of her feet - total win .
Fixed .
You know how deadly high heels are when you high kick with them ?
Fixed .
You know how deadly high heels are when you high kick with them ?
yeah in SC2 she dont use claws .
its carapace 3 and highheel 85 .
higher then siege tank ftw .
art of imba yeah in SC2 she dont use claws .
its carapace 3 and highheel 85 .
higher then siege tank ftw.art of imba Trust 神教教主 FlaSh | Believe 火心 EffOrt
Husky Profile Blog Joined May 2009 United States 3362 Posts # 18 will be interesting to see the actual colors since the camera shows two way different tones Commentaries : youtube.com/HuskyStarcraft
thinkzerg Profile Joined May 2009 Canada 162 Posts # 19
There are no words ...
CrimsonLotus Profile Blog Joined June 2008 Colombia 1061 Posts # 20
Did they have to add the sexy part to the game in the form of the bug woman ?
444 444 444 444
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Next All
The biggest internet revolution for a generation will be unveiled this month with the launch of software that will understand questions and give specific , tailored answers in a way that the web has never managed before .
The new system , Wolfram Alpha , showcased at Harvard University in the US last week , takes the first step towards what many consider to be the internet 's Holy Grail – a global store of information that understands and responds to ordinary language in the same way a person does .
Although the system is still new , it has already produced massive interest and excitement among technology pundits and internet watchers .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Computer experts believe the new search engine will be an evolutionary leap in the development of the internet .
Nova Spivack , an internet and computer expert , said that Wolfram Alpha could prove just as important as Google .
" It is really impressive and significant , " he wrote .
" In fact it may be as important for the web ( and the world ) as Google , but for a different purpose .
Tom Simpson , of the blog Convergenceofeverything .com , said : " What are the wider implications exactly ?
A new paradigm for using computers and the web ?
Probably .
Emerging artificial intelligence and a step towards a self - organising internet ?
Possibly ... I think this could be big . "
Wolfram Alpha will not only give a straight answer to questions such as " how high is Mount Everest ? " , but it will also produce a neat page of related information – all properly sourced – such as geographical location and nearby towns , and other mountains , complete with graphs and charts .
The real innovation , however , is in its ability to work things out " on the fly " , according to its British inventor , Dr Stephen Wolfram .
If you ask it to compare the height of Mount Everest to the length of the Golden Gate Bridge , it will tell you .
Or ask what the weather was like in London on the day John F Kennedy was assassinated , it will cross-check and provide the answer .
Ask it about D sharp major , it will play the scale .
Type in " 10 flips for four heads " and it will guess that you need to know the probability of coin - tossing .
If you want to know when the next solar eclipse over Chicago is , or the exact current location of the International Space Station , it can work it out .
Dr Wolfram , an award - winning physicist who is based in America , added that the information is " curated " , meaning it is assessed first by experts .
This means that the weaknesses of sites such as Wikipedia , where doubts are cast on the information because anyone can contribute , are taken out .
It is based on his best - selling Mathematica software , a standard tool for scientists , engineers and academics for crunching complex maths .
" I 've wanted to make the knowledge we 've accumulated in our civilisation computable , " he said last week .
" I was not sure it was possible .
I 'm a little surprised it worked out so well . "
Dr Wolfram , 49 , who was educated at Eton and had completed his PhD in particle physics by the time he was 20 , added that the launch of Wolfram Alpha later this month would be just the beginning of the project .
" It will understand what you are talking about , " he said .
" We are just at the beginning .
I think we 've got a reasonable start on 90 per cent of the shelves in a typical reference library . "
The engine , which will be free to use , works by drawing on the knowledge on the internet , as well as private databases .
Dr Wolfram said he expected that about 1,000 people would be needed to keep its databases updated with the latest discoveries and information .
He also added that he would not go down the road of storing information on ordinary people , although he was aware that others might use the technology to do so .
Wolfram Alpha has been designed with professionals and academics in mind , so its grasp of popular culture is , at the moment , comparatively poor .
The term " 50 Cent " caused " absolute horror " in tests , for example , because it confused a discussion on currency with the American rap artist .
For this reason alone it is unlikely to provide an immediate threat to Google , which is working on a similar type of search engine , a version of which it launched last week .
" We have a certain amount of popular culture information , " Dr Wolfram said .
" In some senses popular culture information is much more shallowly computable , so we can find out who 's related to who and how tall people are .
I fully expect we will have lots of popular culture information .
There are linguistic horrors because if you put in books and music a lot of the names clash with other concepts . "
He added that to help with that Wolfram Alpha would be using Wikipedia 's popularity index to decide what users were likely to be interested in .
With Google now one of the world 's top brands , worth $ 100bn , Wolfram Alpha has the potential to become one of the biggest names on the planet .
Dr Wolfram , however , did not rule out working with Google in the future , as well as Wikipedia .
" We 're working to partner with all possible organisations that make sense , " he said .
" Search , narrative , news are complementary to what we have .
Hopefully there will be some great synergies . "
What the experts say
" For those of us tired of hundreds of pages of results that do not really have a lot to do with what we are trying to find out , Wolfram Alpha may be what we have been waiting for . "
Michael W Jones , Tech.blorge.com
" If it is not gobbled up by one of the industry superpowers , his company may well grow to become one of them in a small number of years , with most of us setting our default browser to be Wolfram Alpha . "
Doug Lenat , Semanticuniverse.com
" It 's like plugging into an electric brain . "
Matt Marshall , Venturebeat.com
" This is like a Holy Grail ... the ability to look inside data sources that can't easily be crawled and provide answers from them . "
Danny Sullivan , editor - in- chief of searchengineland.com
Worldwide network : A brief history of the internet
1969
The internet is created by the US Department of Defense with the networking of computers at UCLA and the Stanford Research Institute .
1979 The British Post Office uses the technology to create the first international computer networks .
1980 Bill Gates 's deal to put a Microsoft Operating System on IBM 's computers paves the way for almost universal computer ownership .
1984 Apple launches the first successful ' modern ' computer interface using graphics to represent files and folders , drop - down menus and , crucially , mouse control .
1989 Tim Berners - Lee creates the world wide web – using browsers , pages and links to make communication on the internet simple .
1996 Google begins as a research project at Stanford University .
The company is formally founded two years later by Sergey Brin and Larry Page .
2009 Dr Stephen Wolfram launches Wolfram Alpha .
There 's only one crunchtune.com domain .
Once purchased , it may never become available again .
Ever wonder what it 's like to get nailed in the privates with a skateboard propelled by an exploding airbag ?
Wonder no more as this idiot has done it on video .
Point and laugh , and hopefully learn .
Advertisement
This setup seems as if it could come straight from the future where Idiocracy 's " Ow My Nuts " is a wildly popular fully syndicated television show .
Why would anyone set a skateboard , sans trucks and wheel , over a charged airbag , straddle two chairs and then submit to the pounding that follows ?
We know this guy did , because he 's an idiot .
Click to view
Epic Airbag Nutshot [ Spike ]
Nearly eight months ago I posted the following essay to NORML ’s blog , entitled : “ Want To Know Why Pot Is Still Illegal ?
Ask Your Governor . ”
Marijuana law reformers , myself included , have spilled volumes of ink commenting on the numerous reasons and vested interests responsible for the continued prohibition of cannabis .
But while these lengthy writings may be worthwhile intellectual exercises , I fear that they overlook the obvious .
That ’s why , right now , I ’d like to give you seven specific reasons why the use of cannabis by adults — including seriously ill patients — remains a crime in America .
Ready ?
Here they are :
Governor Donald Carcieri ( R - Rhode Island )
Governor James Douglas ( R - Vermont )
Governor Linda Lingle ( R - Hawaii )
Governor John Lynch ( D - New Hampshire )
Governor Tim Pawlenty ( R- Minnesota )
Governor Jodi Rell ( R- Connecticut )
Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger ( R - California )
Each of these Governors have single - handedly opted to kill marijuana law reform legislation in their states — either by the stroke of a pen ( Carcieri , Lingle , Rell , Schwarzenegger ) or by applying enough legislative pressure to abruptly halt ‘ pro - pot ’ proposals from ever reaching their desk .
Why am I reposting this now ?
Simple , because the more things change the more they stay the same .
On Friday , Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty vetoed legislation that would have allowed terminally ill patients the legal right to possess and use ( but not grow ) medicinal cannabis .
That ’s right , I said ‘ terminal . ’
Apparently Gov. Pawlenty — who cynically remarked “ While I am sympathetic to those dealing with end - of - life illnesses and accompanying pain , I stand with law enforcement in opposition to this legislation ” — would prefer to have patients at death ’s door rely on the medical judgment of a prison warden rather than that of their physician .
But Gov.
Pawlenty is hardly the only state governor up to the same old tricks .
In New Hampshire , lawmakers are trying to work out a last - minute compromise with Gov. John Lynch , who has threatened to veto any measure that allows for seriously ill patients to grow or use medical cannabis in their homes .
And in Connecticut , Gov. Jodi Rell ’s veto threat of legislation that sought to prevent minor marijuana offenders from being saddled with lifetime criminal records certainly did proponents no favors .
In Hawaii and Rhode Island , legislation pertaining to the medical use of cannabis is now on both state ’s governors ’ desks .
If past is precedent , can vetoes be far behind ?
And what about Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , who earlier this month announced , “ [ I ]t ’s time for a debate ” regarding taxing and regulating the sale of cannabis for adults .
We expect to learn more about the Governor ’s position in mere minutes , as he will be elaborating on his stance in today ’s Digg.com chat — which you can access here .
Want to know why pot remains illegal in America ?
You can start by asking your governor — again .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
At the other end of the scale , Indonesian politicians represent 437,000 people , US members of the House of Representatives stand for 706,000 , and in India , the world 's largest democracy , each MP in the assembly represents a staggering 2.1 million people .
Indeed , the Indian system makes the tin-eared behaviour of Britain 's politicians pale by comparison : about 10 per cent of MPs in the outgoing parliament did not take part in a single debate .
And where we are outraged when our MPs charge us for horse manure and packets of biscuits , almost a third of the newly elected Indian parliament faces criminal charges and investigations , and dozens have been investigated in murder inquiries .
In Israel , too , there have been allegations of a far graver sort : a rape complaint cost Moshe Katsav the presidency in 2007 , sexual harassment put paid to Haim Ramon , the justice minister , and Ehud Olmert stood down as prime minister , precipitating the recent election , because of a fraud investigation .
SPOTSYLVANIA , Va. --
A Spotsylvania man 's family turned him in to police after he admitted to " fooling around " with the family dog , according to the Spotsylvania County Sheriff 's Office .
Robert John Ward , 66 , was arrested Monday for alleged bestiality .
Deputies began investigating Ward after a family member called authorities with the allegation .
Ward admitted to a deputy that he had touched the dog inappropriately and that he'd had the dog perform sexual acts on him , according to the sheriff 's office .
A vet examined the dog and found that her anal glands were swollen , the sheriff 's office said .
The accusing relative said the dog had been acting strange for several weeks .
Ward 's being held without bond at the Rappahannock Regional Jail .
I 'm not a database expert at all .
I need your help .
Some context first : I need to post a Work Order to a REST server .
When I get the WO , I know the customer name , the site name where the job must be ...
asked Sep 25 at 15:47 Bob Baudewyns 33 5 5 bronze badges
MONTREAL —
I t is unprecedented for a sitting Canadian prime minister to approve – as Stephen Harper did this week – French - language attack ads that depict a fellow federalist leader as hostile to Quebec .
For as long as there has been a vibrant sovereignty movement , such a tactic has been deemed too potentially corrosive for the national fabric to be used to score points in a partisan game .
In the larger unity picture , the notion of a prime minister launching an advertising campaign to fuel a nationalist backlash against another national party leader is the equivalent of poisoning a common well in the hope that one 's neighbour will be the first to die .
Moreover , over the past two decades , the Bloc Québécois has always been the prime beneficiary of federalist divisions on Quebec .
In this spirit , Gilles Duceppe must have thought he had gone straight to sovereignist heaven when he was apprised of the attack ads the Conservatives put together as part of their Quebec counter - offensive against Michael Ignatieff this week .
If Harper had wanted to do the Bloc 's bidding at Conservative expense , he would not have proceeded otherwise .
The gist of the Conservative ads could have been lifted right out of an open letter Duceppe penned last week as part of the Bloc 's own initial volley against a resurgent Liberal party .
The Conservative attack ads portray Ignatieff as a leader who uses Parisian French out of contempt for Quebec francophones and their accent .
The Liberal leader is quoted as describing Quebecers as people who fantasize that they are different when they are no more than North Americans who happen to speak French and as depicting Quebec 's role at UNESCO as an object of international ridicule .
Like Pierre Trudeau , another ad asserts , Ignatieff feels it is important to keep Quebec in check .
Only a few months ago , Harper was accusing the Liberals – in English – of cozying up to separatists to secure Bloc support for their coalition with the NDP .
Now – in French – the Prime Minister 's party is portraying the Liberal leader as a detractor of Quebec 's character and aspirations .
No federalist leader has ever been immune to having bits and pieces of his past record used against him in Quebec .
Harper originally belonged to a party that was committed to eliminating official bilingualism .
He was once a vocal supporter of the partition of Quebec in the event of secession and a staunch adversary of the province 's iconic language law .
Jean Chrétien 's role in the demise of the Meech Lake accord and the patriation of the Constitution was a long - standing irritant in francophone Quebec .
Yet , in similar circumstances as Harper 's – whose party has been going down fast in Quebec – Kim Campbell and Paul Martin resisted the temptation of scorching the earth their federalist competition was standing on .
One reason was the legitimate fear of a boomerang effect on federalism .
In the 1995 referendum , past public federalist divisions had a devastating impact on the No campaign .
Ignatieff was not an active participant in Canadian politics at that time .
But Harper , who sat as an MP in the House of Commons , was also missing in referendum action , along with the rest of the Reform party .
It may be that if the Prime Minister had seen action first - hand on the unity front , he would be more wary of salting the federalist earth in Quebec for his own electoral purposes .
Chantal Hébert is a national affairs writer .
Her column appears Monday , Wednesday and Friday .
PARIS ( Reuters ) - France ’s lower house of parliament approved on Tuesday a contested bill that will let authorities track illegal downloading over the Internet and disconnect repeat offenders .
France 's President Nicolas Sarkozy speaks at a meeting with members of the medical staff as he presents his reform of the French hospital system in Nancy , eastern France , May 12 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Philippe Wojazer
The vote represented a success for President Nicolas Sarkozy , who championed the groundbreaking law , and embarrassed the opposition Socialists who antagonised many of their traditional supporters in the arts world by fighting the move .
Sarkozy ’s wife , model - turned - singer Carla Bruni , is believed to have pushed the legislation , which is aimed at protecting the revenues of record and film companies and recording artists .
A first bid to pass the reform failed last month when too few lawmakers from Sarkozy ’s centre - right UMP party showed up in the national assembly , enabling the opposition to hijack the vote and inflict a rare defeat on the ruling majority .
There was no such upset in Tuesday ’s re-vote , when the bill was passed by 296 votes to 233 .
The bill is expected to receive final approval in the upper house Senate on Wednesday but its introduction onto the statute books is likely to be delayed by at least a month , with opponents promising to challenge the law in France ’s top court .
Under the terms of the bill , Internet pirates will receive two warnings before having their connection cut after a third offence for a period of up to one year .
During that time they will have to continue paying their Internet provider .
Opponents have criticised this double punishment and say access to the Internet should be a fundamental right .
Consumer groups also fear intrusive monitoring of online activities and warn that innocent users may be unfairly punished if hackers use their accounts to download files .
“ This is an inefficient , outdated and unworkable law , ” said Socialist parliamentarian Patrick Bloche .
However , the music industry , which wants governments and Internet providers to crack down on illegal downloading of copyrighted work , has cheered France ’s efforts .
And some artists normally linked to the left , such as singer Juliette Greco , have also openly applauded the initiative .
Record companies and consumer groups have long been at loggerheads over Internet piracy and the rights of users .
Entertainment companies , which have seen their revenues hammered by rampant piracy , have had some success with their campaign for tougher measures .
In January , Irish Internet provider Eircom agreed to disconnect users who download files illegally in a settlement with four major record companies .
Apple overnight tapped its developer community to begin testing a new " Find my iPhone " feature , one of several enhancements to the company 's MobileMe internet service due to arrive with this month 's release of iPhone Software 3.0 .
Find my iPhone
i Phone 3G S users and iPhone 3G users who install iPhone Software 3.0 when it's released on June 17th , and who also subscribe to MobileMe , will be able to use the " Find my iPhone " feature of the internet service to help locate their iPhone if its been misplaced , lost , or stolen .
The process begins by logging into me.com to view a map that shows the approximate location of the misplaced iPhone , assuming it 's turned on and and can locate a GPS signal .
It itâs nearby , users can force the iPhone to play a sound through the MobileMe web interface to help them locate it .
Alternatively , MobileMe can also display a message on the Home screen of the iPhone with instructions on how to return it to the owner in the event that it 's been found by someone else .
Apple overnight enabled Find my iPhone for developers currently testing iPhone Software 3.0 beta .
Thus far , reactions have been mixed , with one person familiar with the software saying it " works great , " while another said his iPhone was n't detected by the service .
The first screen capture below shows the MobileMe interface for Find my iPhone when an iPhone is deemed to be offline or out of GPS range .
The second shows an iPhone 3G that has been successfully located with pinpoint precision on a Google - supplied satellite map .
Illustrated map and hybrid views are also available .
The third screenshot shows the interface for sending a custom message to the iPhone 's Home Screen .
Remote Wipe
Remote Wipe is another feature for MobileMe-equiped iPhone users slated to turn up with the release of iPhone Software 3.0 , one which was similarly thrust into live testing overnight .
Users who lose their iPhone and are unsuccessful in having it returned to them after displaying a custom Home Screen message can initiate a remote wipe and restore factory settings .
If the iPhone is eventually recovered , users can restore their data by enabling their MobileMe account on the iPhone .
Below is a screenshot of the Remote Wipe interface :
i Disk on iPhone
Also arriving for MobileMe users with iPhone Software 3.0 will be a free iDisk app that lets them view files on their iDisk right on their iPhone .
Microsoft Office or iWork â09 documents , PDFs , video files , and more are viewable in landscape or portrait , Apple says .
Users will also be able to access Public folders of other MobileMe members with a few taps .
The same app , which will be free on the App Store , will also let users share files that are too big to email .
Users simply need to choose their recipients and iDisk will send out an email with a link to download the files .
About MobileMe
How to Survive and Thrive During Layoffs
Yesterday our small office was sadly surprised as two of our co-workers were laid off due to a lack of business .
Two seems like a small number until you realize it is 10 % of our office headcount .
Add onto this the three other people we ’ve lost since the beginning of the year ( one voluntarily ) and it does n’t paint a pretty picture .
But it ’s happened .
They ’re gone and I thought I ’d share some of my still fresh , raw , and hurt thoughts about what you can do when layoffs are occurring .
Embrace the Opportunity
It sounds so clichÃ© .
It is .
When one door closes another one opens .
Often we are so upset about the door closing that we do n’t see the other one opening .
We miss out on opportunities .
I ’m determined not to let this happen to me .
Make Yourself Invaluable
It ’s hard for the boss to layoff the best or most valuable worker .
That ’s the idea here .
You want to do anything you can to raise your status in the eyes of those that are above you managerially .
Grab as much client and industry information as you can .
Help out your co-workers .
Solve those irritating problems that really bother the boss .
Get on high profile projects and be the best team player you can .
Grab Responsibilities — Quickly
You will feel like a vulture … swooping over the yet still warm bodies of your laid off co-workers .
But they had duties and responsibilities .
Someone has to do them .
It might as well be you .
Again , the boss is n’t likely to lay off the person doing three people ’s jobs .
You ’ve got to be careful here because you can initiate ( or accelerate ) your own personal burnout by putting too much on your plate .
Nonetheless it is a safe play .
Whatever they were working on it , finish .
Whatever was next on their plate , step up and take a swing .
Work Through the Emotions
You ’ve got to take care of yourself mentally and physically .
Layoffs are stressful .
Talk it out with your spouse , significant other , or a friend .
Go for a walk .
Play with your dog .
Sit quietly and sip a cup of coffee .
Whatever it takes you ’ve got to work through the emotions surrounding the situation .
It wo n’t happen overnight , sure .
But you ’ve got to get back to as close to 100 % while at work as quickly as possible .
Also realize that by surviving a layoff you have proven that you are at least marginally needed by your firm .
They two empty desks at my office , sadly , mean the rest of us are a little bit more secure .
Those that survive are in a better place than the day before .
It hurts to look at it like this , but it is true .
A Second Chance to Prepare Financially
If you ’ve survived a round of layoffs you have been given a second chance to prepare financially for the possibility of you being laid off .
Hopefully you are well prepared — you have an emergency fund and you are spending less than you are earning .
If you ’re not consider this your lucky day .
Use the emotions you are feeling to adjust your lifestyle now .
You ’ve got to be prepared because , well , you could be next .
Layoffs are n’t fun .
I hope you can use these tips to put yourself in a better position .
And we can all hope the economy turns around soon and then , hopefully , we wo n’t have to worry about layoffs as much .
Good luck out there .
Did n't think it was possible did you ?
Fisticles ?
If you do n't know what I 'm talking about with Burger King , see here .
Infectious bacteria have evolved through the loopholes in almost every drug we 've created , thanks to our own misuse and overuse .
But we may yet outmaneuver them .
Researchers are testing new bug - killers that bypass the molecular pathways used by old - school antibiotics — and maybe wo n't produce the same kind of resistance .
Once more unto the breach , dear friends !
Alligator Blood
Alligators heal fast , rarely get infections , and survive in murky water on diseased food .
Researchers at McNeese State University in Louisiana believe that proteins in their blood inhibit bacterial growth .
If so , similar proteins may help mammals .
Bacterial DNA
A team at the University of Warwick employed genome mining ( analysis of controlled genetic tweaks ) to isolate a previously unknown signaling chemical in Streptomyces bacteria that causes the bugs to produce natural antibiotics .
Chlorine
A derivative of N - chlorotaurine made by NovaBay Pharmaceuticals mimics an immune system chemical similar to chlorine , which messes with bacterial proteins .
The drug is in trials for treating urinary tract infections .
Clay
At least three different kinds of clay , two from the US and one from France , seem to have antibacterial effects .
So , you know :
That 's weird .
Scientists at Arizona State University aim to figure out whether it can be used in medicine .
Lasers and Dye
Hit indocyanine green dye with a laser and it becomes lethal to the critters that cause staph infections , scarlet fever , and other nasty diseases .
Researchers in London say the technique could be used to sterilize wounds .
Viruses
Bacteriophages are viruses that attack and eat bacteria .
Boston University researchers recently engineered some to penetrate and dissolve the slimy protective walls , or biofilms , around antibiotic - resistant superbug colonies .
Start Previous : Mr. Know - It - All on Military Tweets , Competitor Freelancing , Freeware Donations Next : What 's Inside Palmolive Ultra : Killer Bubbles Howard Hughes ' Nightmare : Space May Be Filled With Germs
Zero -Gravity Bacterial Behavior Hints at Disease - Busting Hacks
Seated on a woven mat in a refugee camp in eastern Chad , Dr. Sondra Crosby of the Boston Medical Center listened with mounting distress as the women of Darfur came forward , one by one over 12 days , to tell her their stories of rape , beatings , hunger , and humiliation .
Their suffering had begun in the ravaged villages of their native Darfur in western Sudan after war broke out in 2003 , but it did n't stop when they fled across the border into what they hoped would be the safety of refugee camps in eastern Chad .
It goes on still , leaving thousands of women facing the specter of sexual assault each time they leave camp to collect firewood or visit the local market .
It is an endlessly unfolding tragedy the world has n't summoned the will to do much about .
Crosby and her colleagues suspected that six years into the conflict , no one had yet fully grasped the extent of the crisis of sexual crimes , and the relentless toll it is inflicting on its victims .
And so she and three other Boston - area medical specialists interviewed 88 women in November in eastern Chad .
This morning they released the results in a report that offers unprecedented and disturbing details on the long - term effects of the assaults - as well as fresh evidence of the continuing violence against the women of Darfur , years after they fled the battlefield .
The study was issued by the Cambridge - based Physicians for Human Rights , partnering with the Harvard Humanitarian Initiative , two organizations with long track records in investigating rights abuses in conflict areas .
While the use of rape as a weapon of war in Darfur has been noted throughout the conflict , the new report provides comprehensive evidence from detailed , structured interviews as well as physical examinations of the victims .
The 88 women interviewed reported suffering 32 rapes .
Of those , 17 occurred in Darfur and 15 in Chad .
Seven women reported being the victim of gang rape in Darfur , and three women reported being raped more than once .
For two of them , rape in Darfur was followed by rape in Chad .
" What is striking is the extent of rape and fear of rape in Chad itself , " said Susannah Sirkin , deputy director of Physicians for Human Rights .
" So it 's a two - fold revelation of real horror and shame and sorrow , and really of failure . "
The story of one woman , in particular , transfixed Crosby , who lives in Dedham with her five adopted children and has made it her calling to investigate cases of torture and abuse .
Realized and Unrealized Gains and Losses
Realized and unrealized gains are simple to define but the subject almost always lead to interesting discussions .
Especially during tax season and at times when the markets are at the extreme conditions , the discussion heats up .
Let ’s briefly explore this today .
Defining Realized and Unrealized Gains
In the investing world , any asset you own changes value constantly .
if you own a stock ( for example ) and the share price went up after you purchased it , you have a unrealized gain .
On the other hand , an unrealized loss occurs when the stock price went down after you bought it .
Realized gains and losses does n’t happen until you sell the asset .
For example , let ’s say you buy Intel ( INTC ) at $ 13 in January .
If it goes up to $ 15 , you have an unrealized gain of $ 2 .
However , if you sell it at that price , then the unrealized gain turns into a realized one .
Realized Gains and Taxes
Why is this important ?
Well , the IRS basically says that taxes are calculated based on capital gains .
In other words , the sum of all realized gains and losses .
Therefore , there are no tax implications for any asset that you bought but have n’t sold .
This sure makes taxes much easier right ?
I Do n’t Lose Money Until I Sell It
It ’s amazing how many people would say this during a market crash , but you will hear this many times while the market is going down :
You did n’t lose that money until you sell the stock !
Unfortunately , this is simply not true .
The stock price always represent the last estimate of the price of each share .
Even though the losses you incurred are unrealized , it does n’t mean the losses are n’t real .
If you bought 100 shares at $ 20 and it went down to $ 10 per share , you have $ 1,000 worth of stock .
If you have to sell it , you will get roughly $ 1,000 .
If you have $ 1,000 to invest , you can double your investment by buying 100 more shares .
This has nothing to do with whether the gains or losses were realized or not .
Stop kidding yourself and deal with the situation by thinking about your best course of action for the future .
What this Means for Us
For short term investments , you should n’t let realized and unrealized gains affect your buying and selling decisions because asset prices change too fast in the short term and may offset any tax implications .
For mid to long term investments , make sure you keep realized and unrealized gains in mind so you are n’t paying more taxes than you need to .
For example , it may be beneficial to sell a few losers to offset other realized gains before year end .
Just make sure you understand the consequences before you act .
Promote or Save This Article
If you like this article , please consider bookmarking or helping us promote it !
If you like this article , please consider bookmarking or helping us promote it !
Print It | Email This | Del.icio.us | Stumble it !
| Reddit |
Related Posts
Your old desk lamp may work , but having a Pixel Lamp or the WET Lamp is just so much cooler .
So treat yourself to some innovative lamp designs that just may give you some ideas on how to decorate your desk .
Continue reading to see more .
Pixel Lamp
At first glance , the base of this lamp may look like a real Duck Hunt cartridge , but it ’s actually custom - built from cardboard .
The lamp shade was picked up at a local store for just $ 2 , decorated with pixelated fun foam shapes , and lastly , glued down .
While the NES Zapper was gutted , and then fitted with the parts needed for the lamp to function .
[ Sources 1 | 2 ]
Speaker Lamps
How about a new way hang your speakers ?
Even audiophiles will agree that mounting speakers for the perfect soundstage is n’t the easiest of tasks , so these speaker lamps aim to make things a bit easier — sound is transmitted wirelessly via Bluetooth .
Best of all , its integrated LEDs are perfect for illuminating any room .
[ Sources 1 ]
3D Lamp
Created with a 3D laser printer , the Cosmic Lamp blends “ technology and art , also serving to create quite a spectacular display of light . ”
Unfortunately , you ’ll need an industrial sized 3D printer , like the pricey , to build one yourself in the comfort of your own home .
[ Sources 1 ]
WET Lamp
Sure , it may have a DIY look , but this WET lamp is far from normal .
Encased in glass and then submerged under water , this lamp ’s bulb is controlled by pulling a thin silver rod .
Though it may look dangerous , the WET lamp is completely safe , thanks to a low voltage power system .
[ Source 1 ]
GloFab Fiber Optic Lamp
Using hundreds of fiber optic strands , the GloFab lamp illuminates any room .
That ’s not all , users can even reshape the strands .
Replacing burnt out strands may be another story , or you can just replace the unit altogether .
[ Source 1 ]
Paperclip Lamp
Taking a cue from an actual paperclip , designer Ben Collette incorporated its shiny , twisty characteristics into a desk lamp .
For energy efficiency , this lamp uses a row of LED lights .
Pricing and availability have not yet been announced .
Ciudad de M�xico | Mi�rcoles 13 de mayo de 2009
Redacci�n | El Universal
18:34
Debido a que " me encuentro convaleciendo de un estado de salud que no me permite procesar adecuadamente di�logos , mis respuestas -- en la entrevista que dio a conocer Carmen Aristegui -- carecen de validez " , apunt� el ex presidente Miguel de la Madrid .
A trav�s de un comunicado , en el que aparece como responsable de la publicaci�n su hijo Federico de la Madrid Cordero , el ex mandatario se�ala que en las grabaciones difundidas por Aristegui , su tono de voz se escucha d�bil y confuso .
Luego de la pol�mica que se gener� con sus se�alamientos , quien fuera presidente de M�xico de 1982 a 1988 apunta que la fragilidad de su estado de salud � " consta en las grabaciones difundidas por la se�ora Aristegui , en las que mi tono de voz se escucha d�bil y confuso " .
" Dejo en claro que despu�s de haber escuchado la entrevista con la se�ora Aristegui , mis respuestas carecen de validez y exactitud " , concluye De la Madrid Hurtado en el comunicado .
En la referida entrevista el ex presidente �asegur� que Carlos Salinas de Gortari termin� " muy mal " y foment� una " gran corrupci�n " entre su familia .
Acus� asimismo a Ra�l Salinas de haber tenido contactos con el narcotr�fico .
De la Madrid dijo sentirse decepcionado del ex presidente , incluso , reconoci� que se equivoc� al designarlo como su sucesor .
Overseas hackers gained access to confidential information belonging to tens of thousands of students and alumni at UC Berkeley and Mills College after breaking into computer databases at the Berkeley campus ' health services center , officials said Friday .
The databases contained 97,000 Social Security numbers , health insurance information and nontreatment medical information , such as immunization records , names of doctors whom people may have seen and dates of medical visits , said Shelton Waggener , UC Berkeley 's associate vice chancellor for information technology and its chief information officer .
What remains unclear is whether the thieves were able to create an entire identity for fraudulent purposes .
Many people 's personal data were housed in different areas of the computer system , and investigators do n't know whether the hackers were able to match up the different types of data - such as a name with a Social Security number .
No students have reported being the victims of identity theft , officials said .
University officials stressed that hackers had not obtained medical records - including diagnoses , treatments and therapies - because they are stored in a separate system .
The hackers , primarily from China and elsewhere in Asia , had access to the information for six months before they were discovered .
The breach exposed the records of 160,000 people , of whom 97,000 had Social Security numbers included in the database , officials said .
The university is contacting potential victims , who should consider placing a fraud alert on their credit reporting accounts , UC said .
Among those at risk are 3,400 students at Mills College in Oakland who received , or were eligible to receive , health care at UC Berkeley .
Hackers had access to records of students and alumni at UC Berkeley dating back to 1999 and current and former Mills students going back to 2001 .
Spouses and parents are also vulnerable if they were linked to students ' insurance coverage .
The hackers broke into the computer system Oct. 9 and were not discovered until April 9 , when administrators performing routine maintenance came across an " anomaly " in the system and found taunting messages that had been posted three days earlier , UC said .
Investigators suspect that the hackers accessed a public Web site and then bypassed additional secured databases stored on the same server , Waggener said .
But investigators have not determined how sophisticated the operation was .
Waggener said that although the data should have been better protected , " we are an open network .
We are an open campus . "
The breach did n't sit well with Justin Kidd , 29 , a student at UC Berkeley 's School of Law .
He said he was annoyed that officials had waited until Friday to notify him that his information had been exposed , and he still does n't know " what they 've opened and what they might open in the future . "
" Their negligence has shifted all this burden on me , " Kidd said .
" As a young person , I do n't have a house , I do n't have established credit .
It 's really scary and frustrating , and I feel a little bit betrayed by Cal . "
Jim McCartney , a Washington , D.C. , identity theft and privacy consultant , warned that many identity thieves manage to cover their tracks and that some fraudulent transactions might not be noticed for at least a year .
McCartney excoriated UC Berkeley officials , saying , " They should be taking the basic steps to covering all the bases , and it sounds like they 're not .
That 's completely unacceptable .
They need to have better security and better access - control rules . "
The campus is sending out e-mails and letters to potential victims of the hacking .
People with questions can call a hot line , ( 888 ) 729-3301 .
By Casey Lynn
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
Query :
What separates man from ape ?
Perhaps the same thing that separates journalist from blogger .
In his 2007 book The Cult of the Amateur , Andrew Keen analogized T.H. Huxley ’s “ infinite monkey theorem ” to the rise of Web 2.0 .
If you provide infinite monkeys with infinite typewriters , one of them will eventually write Shakespeare .
But the problem with the Internet , as he put it is , is that the typewriters are personal networked computers and the monkeys are bloggers , and “ instead of creating masterpieces , these millions and millions of exuberant monkeys–many with no more talent in the creative arts than our primate cousins–are creating an endless digital forest of mediocrity . ”
Like most writers of books like these , Keen is strikingly polemic–but that ’s why he , and at the opposite end of the spectrum , Lawrence Lessig ( whose new book Remix not only encourages the monkeys but takes away their blank paper and just gives them the Shakespeare as a starting point ) , end up on The Colbert Report .
And I may disagree with 80 % of what he says ( and object to being called a monkey , besides ) , but he does make a point that I whole - heartedly agree with : we need objective , professional journalists to responsibly collect the news .
Where I diverge from Keen , however , is that I think this statement has little or nothing to do with bloggers .
This discussion is years - old , of course , but I was reminded of it this morning upon reading Dan Tynan ’s musings on blogging , the death of journalism , and his job as a professional writer .
He pointed to a [ GAS ] post that linked to one of his stories as an example .
Like Keen , he raises some good points about the plight of the professional journalist , and unlike Keen , I ’m fairly sure that he would never call me a monkey , but I had a similar reaction upon reading it , which was : why ca n’t we all just get along ?
I am not a journalist .
I am a writer in most senses of the word , in that I have been paid for fiction , technical , scholarly , and freelance writing , but I am not a reporter , and nor do I purport to be .
I am also , however , a blogger .
For my writings on this blog I do not interview anyone , I do not do extensive research , and nor do my posts go through serious editorial revisions .
There are several reasons for this .
One is that this is not my job ; I ca n’t be a full time writer , because I have other things to do full time .
Another is that this is n’t a newspaper or a magazine ; it ’s a blog .
At the risk of extending the man / monkey metaphor , my point is that “ traditional ” media and blogs are two completely separate beasts .
We need people like Dan Tynan .
And by “ we ” I mean not just society at large , but the blogosphere specifically .
We need good journalists , people who do n’t just repeat the news , but report it , who find it in bits and pieces rather than wholesale .
For example , there is a story in Business Week about Facebook ’s holocaust controversy ; in it , there are quotes from the associate dean of an international rights organization , a spokesperson from Facebook , and the director of the Citizen Law Project at Harvard .
If I called any of these people and said , “ I ’m a writer for a website called Geeks Are Sexy … ” would they give me the time of day ?
Probably not , and I do n’t blame them ; these are very busy people , and if 1000 bloggers called them today for quotes , they would have a lot of trouble getting stuff done .
Part of Tynan ’s point is that aggregation and syndication can devalue content by pulling traffic away from the original source – i.e. , if journalist at Big Newspaper With Online Presence spends a week writing a story and is paid for it , then Random Blog or Big News Aggregate re-posts the story and readers view it there instead of at the source , then yes , that journalist gets exposure , but Big Newspaper does n’t get the ad revenue .
So the problem we get is that Big Newspaper does n’t have the money to pay all those real journalists .
Another problem is that , for example , the [ GAS ] post that linked to his story did not link to the original source ( PC World ) , but rather to a third - party site with which PC World has a syndication agreement–in this case , MSN .
Though this has nothing to do with the blogs , and rather with the syndication agreements within the original media company .
Maybe it ’s not fair that a popular blog ( more popular than this one , say , Boing Boing ) might get more traffic and thus more ad revenue from the existence of a story that it summarizes and links to than the original source , but in my opinion , that ’s life .
Or rather , it ’s life now .
It is the responsibility of a blogger , when repeating news rather than creating original content , to ( 1 ) not re-post material wholesale unless given permission ( i.e. , by a Creative Commons license or similar ) , and ( 2 ) correctly attribute to a source .
Beyond that , what happens is dictated by the market .
Part of the role of a blog like this one is to filter the news for our readers , to be a really smart news aggregator , so that unlike hitting the “ Tech ” link on the top of CNN.com , you go to [ GAS ] where you ’ll find not technology generally , but some special mix of content based on what we think that you as a [ GAS ] reader will want to know .
It ’s hit - or - miss , sure , but less hit - or - miss than everything at CNN.com .
So instead of reading that and twenty other “ real ” news sites , you read [ GAS ] and a few other blogs that tend to hit your interests .
When it comes to “ real ” news , you might use them as a filter to find what you want to read more about .
So here is my proposition : many of you , our readers , who read a summary of a “ real ” news item here , will ( 1 ) go to the source to get more information if it interests you , and / or ( 2 ) would n’t have read the story in the first place because you would n’t have seen it or because you were n’t interested in or do n’t have time for reading 3000 words of something .
Is this true for most of you ?
How many of you read [ GAS ] and other blogs instead of any traditional media ?
If so , why ?
Is it because of the allure of blogs or some failure of other media ?
Andrew Keen thinks that the Internet is killing culture because we can’t tell the good from the bad ; we ’ll believe anything we read on a blog , get dumbed down by too many LOLcats and not enough high art .
I think he ’s not giving us enough credit .
The truth is that media is about branding as much as anything else .
There is a fundamental difference between reading about something on nytimes.com and reading about it on a blog .
Even if we do n’t realize we ’re making judgments about accuracy , we are .
Granted , there are certainly people who will repeat anything they hear , but blogs are basically similar to word - of - mouth : if your co-worker tells you something over coffee , you probably wo n’t disbelieve it , but you may want to know where he got the information , or if he ca n’t tell you , you ’ll take that into account when mentally assigning value to it .
What this ( admittedly long - winded , but then , that ’s what you get for reading someone trained in scholarly writing and not journalism ) discussion was meant to tease out is that traditional media and blogs serve a different purpose .
And in my opinion , blogs serve traditional media in the same way that social networking does .
It ’s another product of the times ; people want their content to come to them , and they want someone else to tell them what has risen to the top .
Even the potential death of print journalism does n’t mean the death of professional journalism .
Branding already gives the old guard a head start in the long tail .
There ’s a lot to be said about how we can save the all - important objective , professional journalists , but I think that that conversation has to do with business models .
In the meantime , I think that journalists and bloggers can co-exist peacefully .
The Internet has n’t led to less culture by destroying what ’s already there , but to more culture by simply adding to the pot .
Here at [ GAS ] we may not be able to produce as much 100 % original content as magazines and newspapers that can afford full - time journalists , but we do our share ( Jimmy Rogers ’ new Science is Sexy series is a good example ) .
And it ’s true that amateurs might take a piece of the market pie , but that ’s simply a product of the times .
I for one have faith in the ability of Shakespeare to keep his place among the monkeys .
Welcome to the jungle , Will .
[ Header picture source : Flickr ( CC ) ]
Maggie Koerth - Baker is a guest blogger on Boing Boing .
A freelance science and health journalist , Maggie lives in Minneapolis , brain dumps on Twitter , and writes quite often for mental_floss magazine .
This is totally going to lead to a flame - war with PETA , is n't it ?
For the record , I am not advocating running out and killing you off a species .
No , not even S. coleoptrata .
I see these as sort - of cautionary tales of how human plans can go horribly , horribly wrong for the denizens of the animal kingdom .
Yes , this is an excerpt from Be Amazing , but one can learn the art of fabulosity from the mistakes of others , as well as from their triumphs .
That disclaimer accomplished , let 's get on to the good stuff .
Method 1 : Through Gluttony
There used to be hundreds of thousands of giant tortoises roaming ( slowly ) about South America 's Galapagos Islands .
Today , there are roughly 15,000 .
What can we say ?
Turtles are tasty .
In the 16th and 17th centuries , the Galapagos were the swashbuckler 's equivalent of a 7 - Eleven – the last chance to stock up on food before hitting the vast emptiness of the Pacific .
Besides being sluggish and docile ( i.e. , easy to catch ) the tortoises could also survive for up to a year without food or water .
Sailors often captured hundreds at a time , stacked them on their backs and , thus , had fresh meat all the way to India .
Method 2 : Out of Sheer Hatred
Passenger pigeons once traveled around the United States in flocks so large , they could reportedly block out the sun over a town for eight hours .
In the process , they gobbled down all the fruits and grains they could get their beaks on and left the " remains " for farmers to step in .
All this made them rather … unpopular .
Throughout the 19th century , killing passenger pigeons was basically the national pastime .
Baited with alcohol - soaked grain , gassed with sulfur fires and loaded live into trapshooting launchers ( they were later replaced with clay " pigeons " ) , the passenger pigeon population quickly petered out .
The last one died in the Cincinnati Zoo on Sept. 1 , 1914 .
Method 3 : Via Tragicomic Irony
Collector and proto- environmentalist Rollo Beck visited the island of Guadalupe , off Baja California , on December 1 , 1900 .
During the trip , he sighted a flock of nine Caracaras , a rare bird he wished to study ( apparently in taxidermied form ) , and so he shot down all but two of them .
Those two turned out to be the last Caracaras ever seen alive .
It 's really sad about the Caracaras , but the passenger pigeons kind of had it coming .
Sea Shepherd Captain Paul Watson Arrested In Portugal
Like us on Facebook :
The current article you are reading does not reflect the views of the current editors and contributors of the new Ecorazzi
Sea Shepherd Captain Paul Watson received an unexpected surprise upon visiting Portugal this week for the International Whaling Commission ( IWC ) Conference : he was arrested .
According to news agencies , a 30 - year - old warrant had been issued against Paul Watson for the 1980 ramming by Sea Shepherd of the pirate whaling ship the Sierra .
The Australian director of the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society , Jeff Hansen , told ABC News that Mr. Watson was released after four hours of questioning .
“ Paul had lengthy discussions with the police in northern Portugal and they determined that the warrant had actually expired in 2008 so there was no valid reason for them to hold him , ” he said .
Sea Shepherd ’s most public campaign to date has been their annual pursuit of the Japanese Whaling fleet , as documented in Animal Planet ’s Whale Wars series .
Watson said he was surprised by Portugal ’s move to arrest him — especially since he ’s visited the country time and time again with no problems .
“ But it was like last year in Chile , I was hassled a bit… , ” he said .
“ Chileans told me it was because Japan had put in a complaint and they wanted to question me about what I was doing at the International Whaling Commission meeting .
So I ’m not really quite sure if Japan was behind this . ”
Thanks to Cid for the tip !
Fuentes eclesi�sticas confidenciales revelaron que diversos funcionarios de la sede apost�lica se reunieron con los cuatro prelados para revisar todas las instituciones
Ciudad del Vaticano | S�bado 27 de junio de 2009
NTX | El Universal
13:52
Influenza A( H1N1 ) - update 38
25 May 2009 - As of 06:00 GMT , 25 May 2009 , 46 countries have officially reported 12 515 cases of influenza A( H1N1 ) infection , including 91 deaths .
The breakdown of the number of laboratory - confirmed cases by country is given in the following table and map .
Map of the spread of Influenza A( H1N1 ) : number of laboratory confirmed cases and deaths
png , 247kb
As of 08:00 GMT , 25 May 2009
Laboratory - confirmed cases of new influenza A( H1N1 ) as officially reported to WHO by States Parties to the International Health Regulations ( 2005 )
Country Cumulative total Newly confirmed since the last reporting period Cases Deaths Cases Deaths Argentina 2 0 1 0 Australia 16 0 4 0 Austria 1 0 0 0 Belgium 7 0 0 0 Brazil 9 0 1 0 Canada 805 1 86 0 Chile 44 0 20 0 China 15 0 4 0 Colombia 13 0 1 0 Costa Rica 28 1 8 0 Cuba 4 0 0 0 Denmark 1 0 0 0 Ecuador 10 0 2 0 El Salvador 6 0 0 0 Finland 2 0 0 0 France 16 0 0 0 Germany 17 0 0 0 Greece 1 0 0 0 Guatemala 4 0 0 0 Honduras 1 0 1 0 Iceland 1 0 1 0 India 1 0 0 0 Ireland 1 0 0 0 Israel 8 0 1 0 Italy 19 0 5 0 Japan 345 0 24 0 Korea , Republic of 3 0 0 0 Kuwait 18 0 18 0 Malaysia 2 0 0 0 Mexico 4174 80 282 5 Netherlands 3 0 0 0 New Zealand 9 0 0 0 Norway 4 0 0 0 Panama 76 0 0 0 Peru 25 0 20 0 Philippines 1 0 0 0 Poland 3 0 1 0 Portugal 1 0 0 0 Russia 1 0 0 0 Spain 133 0 7 0 Sweden 3 0 0 0 Switzerland 3 0 1 0 Thailand 2 0 0 0 Turkey 2 0 0 0 United Kingdom 122 0 5 0 United States of America 6552 9 0 0 Grand Total 12515 91 493 5
Chinese Taipei has reported 1 confirmed case of influenza A ( H1N1 ) with 0 deaths .
Cases from Chinese Taipei are included in the cumulative totals provided in the table above .
Cumulative and new figures are subject to revision
10 ) Last September , a skit on Saturday Night Live suggested incest in the Palin family .
“ What about the husband ? ” asked a mock Times reporter .
“ You know he ’s doing those daughters .
I mean , come on .
It ’s Alaska ! ”
No outrage .
Sarah Palin appeared on the show one month later in late October .
9 ) Days after the announcement of Bristol ’s pregnancy , Conan O’Brien joked , “ It ’s true , John McCain ’s running mate , Alaska Governor Sarah Palin , has revealed that her 17 - year - old daughter is pregnant .
Palin said , ‘ We should never have introduced her to John Edwards . ' ”
Where was the outrage ?
Was Conan promoting infidelity with an underage girl ?
8 ) From two different Tonight Shows : “ Governor Palin announced over the weekend that her 17 - year - old unmarried daughter is five months pregnant .
Oh , boy , you thought John Edwards was in trouble before , now he ’s really done it ! ” AND … “ All the Republicans are heaping praise on Governor Palin .
Fred Thompson said , as an actor , he could see them making a movie about Sarah Palin and her family .
Did n’t they already make that movie ?
I think it was called ‘ Knocked Up ! ’ ” – Jay Leno
7 ) Craig Ferguson ’s skit of “ Larry King vs Levi Johnston ” asks about “ kinky sex ” with the drapes open .
Craig Ferguson ’s honorary Alaska citizenship , granted by Governor Palin was n’t rescinded .
6 ) “ According to expense reports , Sarah Palin charged the state of Alaska over $ 21,000 for her children to travel with her on official business .
In fairness to Gov. Palin , when she leaves them home alone they get pregnant . ”
– Seth Meyers ( SNL ) .
Sarah Palin was in a sketch with Meyers a week earlier .
5 ) On October 8 , 2008 , Sarah Palin walked out on the ice with six year old Piper and 13 year old Willow , before the game , Conan O’Brien said , “ Saturday night , Sarah Palin is going to drop the first puck at the Philadelphia Flyers ’ hockey game .
Then Palin will spend the rest of the game trying to keep the hockey players out of her daughter ’s penalty box . ”
Oh , yes he did .
You get the outrage … but not a peep then .
According to the new “ logic ” , O’Brien was advocating for some really sick stuff .
4 ) Rush Limbaugh : “ Everyone knows the Clintons have a cat .
Socks is the White House cat .
But did you know there is a White House dog ? ” Limbaugh put up a picture of Chelsea Clinton .
At the time , Chelsea Clinton was 13 years old .
Rush also said , “ In last year ’s campaign , the most prominent , articulate voice for standard run -of - the - mill good old - fashioned American conservatism was Sarah Palin . ”
Calling a young teenager a “ dog ” ca n’t be helpful to her “ self - esteem . ”
Where is the apology from the leader of the GOP ?
3 ) “ Why is Chelsea Clinton so ugly ?
Because her father is Janet Reno . ” – John McCain , Sarah Palin ’s running mate .
Should McCain apologize to every young woman in America ?
2 ) Palin ’s friend , political defender and informer of the David Letterman comments , John Ziegler , was fired from his radio show for using the “ n - word ” online and on air in 1997 .
In 2000 , he was fired for spelling the “ n - word ” on the air .
How much does that word affect the psychological health of America ’s youth , regardless of their race ?
Now he is pimping his film about how mean the “ liberal media ” was to Sarah Palin .
AND … The NUMBER 1 REASON Sarah Palin ’s Outrage is Misplaced and A Little Late …
1 ) The “ candidate who must be obeyed ” was talking about Palin ’s family when he said , “ Kids are off limits . ”
Jake Tapper of ABC News interviewed then Candidate Obama , and asked , “ Governor Palin and her husband issued a statement today saying their 17 - year - old daughter Bristol , who is unmarried , is five months pregnant .
Do you have any reaction ? ”
OBAMA : “ I have said before and I will repeat again , I think people ’s families are off - limits .
And people ’s children are especially off - limits .
This should n’t be part of our politics .
It has no relevance to Governor Palin ’s performance as a governor or her potential performance as a vice president .
And so I would strongly urge people to back off these kinds of stories .
You know , my mother had me when she was 18 .
And , you know , how family deals with issues and — and , you know , teenaged children , that should n’t be the topic of — of our politics . ”
The Palin children have been fodder for comedians since they were brought to the national stage .
Incest is n’t funny .
Ugly kid jokes are n’t funny .
Many of the things said about public figures are just flat wrong .
Being “ knocked up ” is n’t much fun .
Racist comments hurt all of us .
I exhausted the top 10 list before I ran out of outrageous instances ignored by the Palins .
The National Organization for Women named David Letterman to their Hall of Shame .
Will Letterman be joining Jay Leno ?
Conan O’Brien ?
Craig Ferguson ?
Seth Myers ?
Rush Limbaugh ?
Or John McCain ?
Of course not !
I guess N.O.W. did n’t bother checking Sarah Palin ’s “ feminist ” credentials .
All across America , right wing radio and television talk show hosts feigned outrage in perfect synchronicity .
The same people who back up Palin ’s high drama assertions against Letterman ignored the connections between Bill O’Reilly ’s irresponsible incitement and the murder of Dr. George Tiller .
David Letterman , a late night entertainer , apologized .
Fox New ’s Bill O’Reilly has not .
As a parent , I understand being defensive .
I just wonder what took so long .
Why now ?
Street dance group Diversity has been crowned the winner of this year 's Britain 's Got Talent TV show in a shock victory over favourite Susan Boyle .
The 11 - strong group , aged 12 to 25 , from Essex fell to the floor and cried in surprise when told of the win .
Member Ashley Banjo , 20 , said winning the contest had " changed our lives " .
The group defied bookmakers ' predictions to win the £ 100,000 prize and the chance to perform at the Royal Variety Show in December .
' Utter perfection '
Diversity is made up of three sets of brothers and four friends and was only formed in 2007 .
Still shocked about the victory , choreographer Banjo said : " When you said our name , honestly I 'm going to wake up in a minute . "
He also thanked everyone who had voted for the group .
Susan Boyle had been the favourite to win the talent show After the performance , which included a cheeky reference to the judges ' buzzers , judge Simon Cowell said : " If I had to give marks on that , that is the only performance tonight I would want to give a 10 to .
" There was not a step out of place , it was sheer and utter perfection . "
Fellow judge Amanda Holden said Banjo's choreography was " second to none " and that Diversity had blown rival dance troupe Flawless " out of the water " .
Throughout the competition the group had wowed the audience and received glowing comments from the judges , but the group was sixth favourite to win going into the final .
Album hopes
It had long been predicted that 48 - year - old Boyle from West Lothian would run away with the title after gaining worldwide recognition thanks to her audition being watched by millions of people on the internet .
Whatever happens you can walk away from this with your head held high
Simon Cowell Gracious in defeat , she said that " the best people won " adding : " I wish you all the best . "
Boyle , who sang audition song I Dreamed A Dream from Les Miserables again , did not appear to be too disappointed in defeat , however , as she gave a little dance on stage and hitched her dress up to show a leg .
After her performance , Cowell said : " Win or lose you had the guts to come back here and face your critics and you beat them - whatever happens you can walk away from this with your head held high . "
Asked about her own plans on sister show Britain 's Got More Talent , Boyle said : " I hope to get an album out - I 'll just play it by ear . "
HAVE YOUR SAY Congratulations to Diversity - they are excellent .
While Susan Boyle came second this will not have damaged her future career Eleanor Selwyn , Griffith Saxophonist Julian Smith came in third place behind the singer .
Although clearly disappointed , he said : " I 'm just happy to have taken part - it 's been phenomenal . "
Apart from Boyle , none of the main frontrunners including street dancer Aidan Davis , 12 - year - old singer Shaheen Jafargholi and comedy dance act Stavros Flatley , made it into the top three after the viewers ' vote .
The other acts which took part included singers Shawn Smith , grandfather and granddaughter team 2 Grand and 10 - year - old Hollie Steel .
It is thought the final may have been watched by as many as 20 m people .
Diversity is the second dance act to win the talent contest after 15 - year - old George Sampson won the show last year .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I think these are two reasons why we love him .
Dig him digging on Doom .
And then dig him just murdering " Two Words . " "
These streets , No Game .
Can't ball , Do n't Play \Heavy traffic , one way , Everybody move ... "
The best summary of New York , I 've ever heard .
And of life in general .
Graphic scenes show Neda – her name means " the call " – walking with her father among demonstrators , then separately when she was shot as well as attempts to save her life .
Afghanistan is on the western limits of the elusive snow leopard 's range Afghanistan has published its first list of threatened wildlife that can no longer be hunted or harvested .
The list , compiled by the country 's National Environment Protection Agency ( Nepa ) , includes 20 mammal species , seven birds and four plants .
Officials hope to expand the number of protected species to as many as 70 by the end of the year .
The first wave of creatures to receive protection includes snow leopards , wolves and brown bears .
Conservationists hope the new measure will provide legal protection for the nation 's wildlife , which has been badly disrupted by more than 30 years of conflict .
Small beginning Steven Sanderson , chief executive of the US - based Wildlife Conservation Society ( WCS ) , which helped compile the initial list , applauded Afghan conservationists ' " continued commitment to conserving [ their ] natural heritage - even during these challenging times " .
Initially , 33 species have been included on the list : Mammals - 20 species Birds - seven species Plants - four species Amphibian - one species Insect - one species ( Source : WCS / Nepa ) " WCS believes that conservation can often serve as diplomacy , and we are optimistic that this ... will benefit all of Afghanistan 's people , " he added .
The evaluation of species began in 2008 , using the same scientific criteria as the IUCN 's Red List of Threatened Species .
Many of the mammals featured on the list , such as the snow leopard , were under pressure from excessive hunting .
A presidential decree that banned hunting in Afghanistan recently expired , which meant the animals could have been shot and killed legally .
Campaigners hope the list of protected species will offer a legal framework that will allow conservation efforts to become established .
The only amphibian to feature on the list is the Critically Endangered Paghman mountain salamander ( Batrachuperus mustersi ) .
According to the Zoological Society of London ( ZSL ) , the salamanders are entirely water - dwelling and restricted to three tributaries of the Paghman stream drainage system in eastern Afghanistan .
The cold , fast - flowing water , which the species favours , originates from melting glaciers .
Afghanistan created its first national park in April 2009
Afghans get first national park Should the glacial flow dry up , the creatures ' habitat will quickly disappear , warn scientists .
Conservationists estimate that fewer than 2,000 of the salamanders remain in the wild .
Nepa officials will be responsible for managing the list , as well as drawing up recovery plans for the featured species .
The list will be re-evaluated every five years to determine whether any of them have recovered enough to be removed from the list .
In April , Afghanistan established its first national park in a spectacular region of deep blue lakes separated by natural dams of travertine , a mineral deposit .
Band - e - Amir is a region visited by thousands of Afghans and pilgrims , though foreign tourism dropped away as violence increased in 1979 .
Officials hope that the creation of the park will be another step along to road to recovery for the nation 's battered environment .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( CNN ) --
The men first ordered Ken Cordier to strip naked .
A poll has sparked debate among Christians about torture .
They then forced him face - down to the ground and pinned his arms and legs .
One of them grabbed a fan belt from a truck and began flogging Cordier .
When it was over , they returned another day with a new approach .
They slung a rope around Cordier 's neck , pulled him back like a bow and beat him with their fists .
" You could tell they enjoyed it , " Cordier says .
" They had that look in their eyes and they grinned . "
This is how Cordier described being tortured .
He is a former U.S. Air Force pilot who was captured by the North Vietnamese in 1966 .
Though he was tortured for six years in captivity , Cordier says he survived because " I never gave up faith in God and country "
But what happens when faith in God and country seem to collide ?
What happens when people like Cordier , who rely on their faith in God and their flag , are asked if they would support torture against suspected terrorists ?
Cordier says he would never support torture , but his views would make him a minority among a certain segment of Christians , according to a provocative survey .
Do n't Miss In Depth : U.S. Torture Investigation
In Depth : U.S. Torture Investigation The Religious Dimensions of the Torture Debate
A survey conducted by the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life found that white evangelical Christians are more likely to support torture than people who rarely or never attend religious services .
The survey said that 62 percent of white evangelical Protestants say that the use of torture against suspected terrorists can be often or sometimes justified in order to gain important information .
When asked the same question , 40 percent of the " religiously unaffiliated " say torture can be often or sometimes justified .
The survey , however , did not define torture or say whether " enhanced interrogation techniques " like waterboarding are torture .
The survey comes at a time when the debate over torture is intensifying after the Obama administration released Bush - era memos that gave legal justification to " enhanced interrogation techniques " such as waterboarding .
The survey 's results have also sparked a debate within the Christian community that revolves around one question :
How can a Christian support torture ?
When evangelicals say torture is permitted
They can't -- except in extreme circumstances , some evangelicals say .
Rev. Ronald Kuykendall , an evangelical pastor in Gainesville , Florida , says that the question is difficult to answer because everyone has a different definition of torture .
He says he would support the torture of a terrorist if " the techniques used are lawful , necessary " and the ultimate purpose is to save lives .
Kuykendall says the New Testament ( Romans 13: 1 - 7 ) teaches Christians that " everyone must submit himself to the governing authorities , for there is no authority except that which God has established . "
" The NT [ New Testament ] is clear that God grants the right of the ' sword ' to the state to be used against wrongdoers , " Kuykendall says .
" Just as I believe I do n't have a right to vengeance personally , I do believe that I can seek justice through the state and call the police on a robber , or a gunman threatening my life . "
Chuck Colson , the evangelical pastor who once served as an aide to President Nixon , answered the same question in an online discussion conducted by the Washington Post " On Faith " Web site .
Colson said that Christians are supposed to obey the law , but there may be times when there is a higher obligation , such as ignoring a " no trespassing " sign to rescue a drowning man .
" So it is with torture , " Colson wrote .
" If a competent authority honestly believes that this was the only way to get information that might save the lives of thousands , I believe he would be justified . "
Charles Kammer , a religious studies professor , says he was not surprised to learn that a majority of evangelical Christians support the use of torture in certain circumstances .
Kammer says that despite Jesus ' own commitment to nonviolence , Christianity as a whole has never embraced nonviolence .
He says some evangelicals also confuse patriotism with piety .
" What 's good for America has often been seen as God 's will , " says Kammer , who teaches at The College of Wooster in Wooster , Ohio .
" They think the torture of evil people is not bad , but may be morally required as a way of protecting the good people . "
Kammer said he is a Christian and does not support torture in any circumstances .
He considers waterboarding torture .
" If we 're ever going to provide any moral leadership in the world , " he says , " we have to live in the world in a particular way .
We can't criticize our enemies for doing what we 're doing . "
What Vietnam POWs who are Christians think of torture
The debate over the uses of torture among people of faith does n't end with its practice .
It also extends to its definition .
The Geneva Conventions say that " no physical or mental torture , nor any other form of coercion , may be inflicted on prisoners of war . "
The U.N. Convention Against Torture defines torture as any act by which severe pain or suffering , " whether physical or mental , " is inflicted on a person .
Cordier , the Vietnam POW , opposes torture in all circumstances -- even the " ticking bomb " scenario .
" Once you 're in a pain situation , you 'll say anything to get it to stop , " Cordier says .
" It 's not as reliable as more sophisticated methods . "
But he does n't consider waterboarding and other " enhanced techniques " torture .
" Loud music , sleep deprivation , waterboarding -- does it leave permanent damage and cause extreme pain ?
No , " Cordier says .
The Rev. Robert G. Certain , another Vietnam vet who is now an Episcopal priest , says waterboarding is n't torture because " it does n't cause grave , bodily harm . "
See CIA interrogation methods authorized during the Bush - era »
Certain was captured by the Vietnamese in 1972 after his B - 52 bomber was shot down .
He wrote about his experiences in the book , " Unchained Eagle . "
Certain says his faith teaches him to oppose torture under all circumstances .
His military background , however , tells him that it can be easy for interrogators to cross the line .
" To use torture is morally impermissible , " Certain says .
" But when we place somebody in uniform into a place of moral ambiguity , there are likely to be times when their judgment is going to step across into the morally impermissible .
They 're living in a fog .
It 's not black and white . "
Certain remembers how easily his Vietnamese captors justified crossing the line with him .
They said American prisoners were n't covered by the Geneva Conventions .
" They said we were not prisoners of war because there was no legal declaration of war , " Certain says .
" Therefore we were air pirates and they could treat us any way they felt . "
Cordier , the Air Force pilot who was tortured , says he still relies on his faith in God and country .
He 's active in POW affairs and reunions .
And he recently took a trip to the Holy Land to see where Jesus lived and died .
When he read about the torture and execution of Jesus in the Bible , he read it in a different way because of his POW experiences .
" I appreciated his stripes when I got my own , " Cordier says .
Cordier gained some notoriety during the 2004 presidential campaign when he participated in the swift boat ads against then - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry .
Cordier says some of his fellow prisoners lost their faith in God because of torture , but he did n't .
" I thanked God every day for life and what little food we had to eat , " he says .
" I thought to myself , this is just an eye blink in eternity , so buck up .
And I just hung on . "
All About Guantanamo Bay • Torture • Vietnam
By David Shukman
Environment Correspondent , BBC News , Eureka , Canadian Arctic
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The Catlin Arctic Survey , a gruelling 10 - week expedition to measure the thickness of sea ice , has ended .
At 1750 BST on Wednesday , two planes landed safely on the floating Arctic ice to collect Pen Hadow , Ann Daniels and Martin Hartley .
Their data will help study the impacts of global warming in the region .
It also reinforces a new forecast , by a leading UK scientist , who says that the Arctic sea ice could vanish in summertime far sooner than predicted .
The Catlin survey ended slightly ahead of schedule to ensure a safe pick up .
Arctic diary : Explorers ' ice quest Speaking on a live link from the Arctic landing strip , Mr Hadow said that it had been a difficult but successful expedition .
" In our time here we have captured around 16,000 observations and [ taken ] 1,500 measurements of the thickness of the ice and snow as well as its density , " he said .
He added that his team was now handing its valuable data , collected primarily through drilling following the failure of a mobile radar unit , over to the scientists .
" [ The data ] seems to suggest it was almost all first - year ice , " Mr Hadow said .
He revealed that over the length of the survey the average thickness of the sea ice was 1.774 m .
" Our science advisors had told us to expect thicker , older ice on at least part of the route , so it is something of a mystery where that older ice has gone .
It 'll be interesting to see what scientists think about this . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
At the same time , Peter Wadhams , head of the polar ocean physics group at the University of Cambridge has brought forward his estimate for the demise of summer sea-ice in the Arctic .
He believes the ice , which has been a permanent feature for at least 100,000 years , is now so thin that almost all of it will disappear in about a decade .
He says it will become seasonal , forming only during the winter .
He told the BBC : " By 2013 , we will see a much smaller area in summertime than now ; and certainly by about 2020 , I can imagine that only one area will remain in summer . "
Although this bleak forecast is reinforced by the survey team 's data , Professor Wadham 's new assessment is based on analysis of nearly 40 years of sonar data gathered on Royal Navy submarines patrolling beneath the ice - the first , HMS Dreadnought , was in 1971 .
The Arctic ice could soon be a seasonal feature
Until recently , most climate forecasts suggested that the Arctic Ocean would have ice - free summers only towards the end of the century .
The most extreme scenario was for the ice to retreat as soon as 2013 , but that was dismissed by many as far too soon .
Now Professor Wadhams , who has studied the Arctic for the past 40 years , says that there is " almost a breakdown " in the ice - cover .
It 's like the Arctic is covered with an egg shell and the egg shell ... is now just cracking completely
Peter Wadhams
University of Cambridge
Over most of the Arctic , there has been a massive decline in the amount of so - called multi- year ice - ice that is tough enough to withstand the summer warmth .
Much of what is left of this ice accumulates in an area north of Greenland and Ellesmere Island in Canada , and may form what he calls " a last holdout , a kind of Alamo " .
Professor Wadhams said : " The change is happening so fast .
It 's the result of this steady thinning over four decades that has brought it to a state where its summer melt is causing it to disappear .
" It 's like the Arctic is covered with an egg shell and the egg shell has been thinning to the point where it is now just cracking completely . "
His prediction comes as the Canadian Ice Service prepares to issue its annual summer forecast .
After a record melt in 2007 , and an above - average melt last year , this coming summer is seen as crucial for determining the rate at which the sea-ice will disappear .
The Catlin Arctic Survey has directly measured thickness of the ice
An ice service analyst , Dr Trudi Wohlleben , said that the ice was likely to retreat as much as it had in the past two years .
Typically , about 40 % of the Arctic Ocean is covered with older , thicker ice , but that has been greatly reduced .
Referring to the direct measurements taken by the Catlin team , Dr Wohlleben said : " It is very nice to have ' ground - truthing ' of what you 're interpreting from the satellite data .
" So when we look at the imagery , we 're expecting the first year ice to be between 1 m and 2 m thick and it 's nice to have those numbers confirmed . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Tuesday , 23 Jun , 2009 Health & Fitness
Italian scientists discovered that music can treat patients who suffered a heart attack or stroke .
They came up with such conclusion after noticing that music influences blood pressure .
Music that had a fast tempo increased blood pressure along with heart rate , while slow music lowered them .
Similar effect was noticed when the volume of the music was altered .
Thus a combination of fast and slow music can help regulate the cardiovascular system and contribute to its rehabilitation .
People who took part in the study were provided headphones that played different types of music .
Scientists also attached the participants to electrocardiogram ( ECG ) and monitors in order to calculate such parameters as : blood pressure , cerebral artery flow , respiration and narrowing of blood vessels on the skin .
Researchers discovered that volume increase provoked moderate arousal while its decrease made patients more relaxed .
Both heart rate and blood pressure lowered when the music stopped .
Professor Luciano Bernardi at the University of Pavia , in Italy , wrote about the effect of music in an article published in the Journal of the American Heart Association .
Mario Galaxy 2 Announced
Mario was shown riding variously colored Yoshis in a short video introducing the title , which continues the original game 's theme of galactic exploration .
Giant Bullet Bills and other typical enemies were shown alongside new characters .
Nintendo noted that the game will mark the first time two 3D Mario titles have been released on a single console .
Mario Galaxy 2 is slated for 2010 .
The latest results from the National Center for Health Statistics ' survey on wireless phone use are in , and they reveal that just over 20 percent of all US households have now cut the wire and exclusively use cell phones for voice communication .
That number is up from over 17 percent from the previous survey , and for the first time since the NCHS has been keeping track of wireless phone use , this number exceeds the percentage of households that rely on landline phones only — down to a little over 17 percent .
The NCHS collects this data as part of its twice - yearly National Health Interview Survey .
Because phone numbers are collected during the interviews for follow - up questions , NCHS began asking questions about wireless phone use in 2003 .
The NCHS compiles this data since many telephone - based surveys use only landline numbers , and so potential respondents who rely solely on a cellphone would be left out , causing such a survey 's results to be skewed and unreliable .
Not only has the percentage of wireless - only households exceeded the percentage of landline - only households , but wireless - only households increased 17 percent from the first half of 2008 .
That 's the largest increase in wireless - only households since NCHS started collecting this data , according to the report .
While nearly 60 percent of households use both wireless and landline phone service , one in seven households receive all or most calls via cellphone .
This trend has been ongoing for some time , but even early last year AT&T noted that landline customers were decreasing significantly .
In its most recent quarter , for instance , the company got less than 30 percent of its revenue from wired voice customers , and over 40 percent from wireless customers .
Likewise , Verizon saw landline subscribers decrease from 39 to 35 million , while wireless subscribers increased from 67 to 87 million .
Stephen Blumberg , senior scientist at the Centers for Disease Control and one of the authors of the report , believes the large jump is likely due to the recession .
" We do expect that with the recession , we 'd see an increase in the prevalence of wireless only households , above what we might have expected had there been no recession , " Blumberg told the Associated Press .
The demographic data that accompanies the report shows that large percentages of groups that might be associated with lower income live in wireless only households .
Over a third of young people aged 18 - 29 are wireless - only .
Over 60 percent of adults that share a house or apartment with roommates , nearly 40 percent of all renters , and 25 percent of Hispanics are wireless - only .
Though the convenience of an always available connection certainly appeals to tech - savvy and young people in general , it just does n't make a lot of economic sense to pay for a landline when you can make and receive calls from your cellphone — especially when domestic long - distance charges are often included .
" The end game is consumers are paying two bills for the same service , " John Fletcher , an analyst for the market research firm SNL Kagan , told the Associated Press " Which are they going to choose ?
They 'll choose the one they can take with them in their car . "
" They were not planes .
These were not balloons .
Each one was the size of a building .
If they had been balloons , then they would have had to have been huge and they looked weighty . "
An Ontario Superior Court judge says it is time to scrap the practice of routinely asking jurors in Toronto and the surrounding area if their ability to render an impartial verdict could be affected by the fact the accused is black .
" We live in the world of Spike Lee – not that portrayed by Harper Lee , " said Justice John Murray in refusing to permit such language , which singles out black people , while challenging jurors for bias at an assault trial of a man in Milton .
Murray argued the words seem a condescending throwback to the 1960s attitudes laid bare in Harper Lee 's novel To Kill a Mockingbird .
He suggested jurors be asked in more generic terms whether they would be able to judge the case " without regard to the race of the accused . "
Today , in jury trials in the Greater Toronto Area , an accused black person charged in a case involving a victim of another race has the right to ask would - be jurors whether their ability to judge the case impartially could be affected by the race of the accused and the interracial nature of the alleged crime .
If the victim is n't of a different race , potential jurors can be asked as part of a " challenge for cause " whether a verdict could be affected by " the fact the accused is black . "
In 2009 , however , those words feel " wrong in the pit of the stomach " and many in the justice system are uncomfortable with such questions , Murray said .
The questions suggest there is a recognition " embedded " in the justice system that society consists of " Us " ( whites ) and " Them " ( black persons ) and that one particular form of prejudice , anti-black racism , is more pervasive and pernicious than any other , he said in a written decision Wednesday .
The Ontario Court of Appeal opened the door to race - based challenges of prospective jurors nearly 16 years ago in a groundbreaking ruling known as the Parks decision , saying anti-black racism is a notorious fact that must be confronted .
In that case , the accused , Carlton Parks , a former drug dealer charged in connection with a 1988 stabbing death in Regent Park , was black .
The victim was white .
But " in 2009 we live in a different time and in a different place than we did in 1993 , when the Parks questions were approved by the Court of Appeal .
Our communities have changed and continue to change , " Murray wrote in his decision .
The judge noted that in the 1960s , for example , To Kill a Mockingbird , served as a " consciousness - raiser " about racism , particularly in the American south , but last year one critic said its portrayal of blacks seemed condescending and off - balance .
" In the world of Spike Lee and Barack Obama , the Parks questions , too , feel condescending and off - balance , " Murray noted .
It is often " embarrassing and undignified " to put Parks - type questions to black prospective jurors , he noted .
One might wonder why jurors are not also asked if they would be prepared to accept directions from a black judge , he added .
Instead of focusing on a particular form of prejudice , Murray said questions designed to weed out prejudice should be asked in a " generic " form .
He approved a more broadly worded question to be put to jurors at the trial of Ishmael Jahmar Sinclair in Milton .
After being advised a juror must judge the evidence without bias , prejudice or partiality , potential jury members will be asked whether they will " be able to judge the evidence in this manner without regard to the race of the accused . "
Murray also said any accused person should have the right to challenge jurors for cause based on concerns about any other form of discrimination prohibited under the Charter of Rights and Freedoms– for example , on the basis of sex or disability .
And in what appears to be a departure from previous rulings by the Supreme Court of Canada , as well as the Ontario Court of Appeal , Murray also suggested accused people who wish to put such questions to jurors should not be required to first prove there is a " realistic potential " these forms of discrimination exist in society .
They have been recognized as unlawful under the Charter , he said .
" Should a Muslim or a Jew be denied a right to challenge for cause because he / she is concerned about heightened potential for prejudice in the community because of possible reaction by some in this diverse community to recent events in Mumbai or in the Middle East ? "
Murray asked in his judgment .
" Should any accused have placed on him / her an onus to establish grounds for legitimate concern ?
In my view , the answer is no . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Frank Addario , president of the Criminal Lawyers Association , called Murray 's ruling and remarks gutsy .
" The courts have an important role to play in making a litigant feel that they are going to get fair treatment , and here is a very courageous decision to confront the known prejudices in our community and to address them directly , " Addario said .
" What he has done , " he added , " is to start a conversation about how judges and juries understand racialism as a phenomenon that affects decision - making . "
Before I found this recipe , we never seemed to have buns on hand .
We always had slicing bread , and occasionally pita , and we would generally make do with those when we had hamburgers or anything else that required buns .
One … Continued
You would think that causing the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression might have repercussions .
You would think being a major factor in the destruction of around 40 percent of the world ’s wealth might get you in trouble .
You would think being the cause of the worst housing crisis in history — with millions of people losing their homes because of you — might force a restructuring of how Wall Street does things .
You would think that .
But you ’d be wrong .
For Wall Street ’s lobbyists in Washington , it ’s business as usual .
Since Barack Obama took office , the bankers have succeeded in pushing through bogus “ stress tests ” of financial institutions ’ solvency , escaping tougher government oversight , and steamrolling attempts to give working - class borrowers a break .
Even the much - hyped limits on CEO pay are being rolled back .
In mid-June , Barack Obama lifted a five - month - old limit on executive compensation at financial firms that took federal bailout money .
Apparently , only $ 500,000 a year in salaries and other perks was just too much of a sacrifice for the financial system to bear .
Instead , Obama has established a “ special master of compensation , ” who will decide on pay to top executives at banks still reliant on government money .
While having a “ special master ” oversee pay might sound like a big deal , the banks are n’t sweating it .
“ Our people kind of thought it was a non-event , ” one unnamed executive of a large bank told the Washington Post .
“ I do n’t think there are worries about it on Wall Street . ”
And , the executive added , “ It ’s not like the horrible and unethical action from Congress , where they were putting artificial caps on pay or trying to steal back bonuses . ”
The sense of entitlement on display in comments like these is staggering — as if the “ wizards ” of Wall Street deserve the billions in compensation showered upon them in the past decade for producing what has proved to be fictitious wealth , while destabilizing the economy and destroying the lives of people across the U.S .
As for legislation aimed at stemming the kinds of predatory lending practices that helped exacerbate the housing bubble and ultimately triggered the financial crisis , Senate Banking Committee Chair Christopher Dodd recently said , “ We ’ve got a lot on our plate .
We ’ve got other things to do . ”
Apparently , however , one of those “ other things to do ” was not passing “ cramdown ” legislation — a measure that would have enabled bankruptcy court judges to lower the principal on existing mortgages for homeowners facing foreclosure , thereby helping people to keep their homes .
In that bill , defeated in early May , the Senate sided with banks over homeowners by a 51 - 45 margin .
Housing rights activists estimate the legislation could have staved off 1.7 million foreclosures and preserved $ 300 billion in home equity .
Nevertheless , a dozen Democrats in Senate voted against it .
“ Instead of defending ordinary Americans , the majority of the senators went with the banks , ” said the Center for Responsible Lending in a statement .
“ Yes , the same banks who have benefited so richly in the [ $ 700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program , or TARP ] bailout . ”
Meanwhile , the Treasury Department was celebrating the fact that 10 banks would be paying back TARP funds — insinuating that the financial system is on stable enough ground that the government could begin backing off .
But the same day that Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner talked up the TARP repayments , TARP Oversight Panel Chair Elizabeth Warren said the so - called stress tests , conducted to determine whether the big banks were on safe financial footing , should be redone .
“ The employment numbers for 2009 have already exceeded the harshest scenario considered so far , suggesting that the stress tests should be repeated , ” Warren ’s report stated .
There was just one piece of legislation that did n’t go entirely the banks ’ way : a bill , signed into law by Obama in May , that put some restraints on the out - of - control credit card industry ,
The new law bans increases in annual percentage rate interest charges during the first 12 months after opening up an account .
Consumers must get 45 days ’ notice of changes in rates or contracts , and 30 days ’ notice for account closures .
The law also eliminates the notorious practice of “ double billing , ” in which credit card issuers impose finance charges based on balances already paid .
Yet even here , industry lobbyists were able to block changes sought by industry critics .
Crucially , there ’s still no cap on the interest rates that credit card companies can charge .
That ’s why John Taylor , chief executive of the National Community Reinvestment Coalition , said in a recent interview : “ It ’s the bottom of the ninth , and it ’s bankers 10 , consumers zero .
It ’s like being in a street fight , and you and a few friends just went up against 100 other people , and you ’re just picking yourself up off the ground .
And you ’re just bloodied . ”
One reason bank lobbyists have been so successful is that they have convinced Congress to take on financial issues piecemeal , rather than in a single piece of legislation .
That way , the lobbyists could focus on one battle at a time .
And on each bill , they made the case that new rules would restrict credit and jack up interest rates , thereby hurting consumers .
Overall , the financial industry spent $ 42 million in lobbying efforts in the first quarter of 2009 — even as many banks were still being bailed out with taxpayer money .
By and large , this tactic has been successful .
Scott Talbott , a lobbyist at the Financial Services Roundtable , admitted , “ We knew we were going to be up against it .
Yeah , we know it was going to be a tough year .
And so far , it has not been a tough as expected . ”
So despite Wall Street ’s greatest crisis since the 1930s , the banking system is still calling the shots in Washington .
Indeed , in a rare moment of candor , Sen. Dick Durbin ( D - Ill . ) said : “ And the banks –hard to believe in a time when we ’re facing a banking crisis that many of the banks created–are still the most powerful lobby on Capitol Hill .
And they frankly own the place . ”
What ’s more , the same people move seamlessly back and forth between the corridors of power in finance and politics .
Consider the case of Michael Paese , an ex-JP Morgan employee who became the top staffer to Rep. Barney Frank , chair of the House Financial Services Committee — which oversees Wall Street .
Last September , Paese bolted to become Goldman Sachs ’ top lobbyist .
There he replaced Mark Patterson , who , in turn , left Goldman Sachs to become chief of staff at the Treasury Department .
Goldman Sachs , remember , is the firm that was run by former Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson before he went to Washington to work in the Bush administration .
And do n’t forget that Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner himself is a disciple of Ronald Rubin , another former Goldman Sachs executive turned treasury secretary during the Clinton administration .
Given this Wall Street - Washington circuit , it ’s little surprise that Barney Frank has written a piece of legislation on lending “ reform ” that seems tailored to Wall Street .
His proposed measure has nine consumer , housing and civil rights groups up in arms .
The National Consumer Law Center , for example , says the proposed legislation would “ do more harm than good , ” and added in a statement , “ The bill is complex , convoluted and simply will not accomplish its main goal –to fundamentally change the way mortgages are made in this country . ”
Just in case the Wall Street / Washington revolving door is n’t sufficient to get their way , the finance capitalists spread enormous amounts of money around Congress .
In the 2008 election cycle , securities and investment firms donated a whopping $ 154.9 million to political campaigns — $ 57 million more than the 2004 elections , according to OpenSecrets.org .
Of that , 57 percent went to Democrats and 43 percent to Republicans .
Real estate , which became deeply enmeshed with Wall Street during the housing bubble , donated another $ 136.7 million .
The split was 49 percent Democrats and 51 percent Republicans .
Commercial banks , meanwhile , contributed $ 37.1 million to politicians –the most ever from that sector–with 48 percent going to Democrats and 52 percent to Republicans .
Lastly , hedge funds tossed in another $ 16.7 million — four times as much as the sector had donated in any other election cycle .
Hedge funds favored Democrats by a 65 - 35 percent margin .
Altogether , that comes to $ 345.4 million .
While the numbers may have been larger than ever , Wall Street has long bought members of Congress in both parties to advance its legislative agenda .
And it was a Democrat , President Bill Clinton , who signed into law two key pieces of legislation that set the stage for the current financial crisis .
The Gramm - Leach - Bliley Act , passed by a Republican Congress in 1999 , repealed the Depression - era Glass - Steagall laws , which had separated risky investment banking from traditional , deposit - taking commercial banks .
A year later , Congress passed the Commodity Futures Modernization Act , which kept large parts of commodities trading beyond the reach of regulators — including complex financial instruments that triggered the financial meltdown .
Today , Democrats have total control of the legislative process .
But Wall Street is still getting its way , despite the bankers ’ shattered credibility for their role in crashing the economy .
Real financial reform that provides relief to working people will come only when social movements can put enough pressure on politicians to force them act .
Crocheted eyeball , complete with optic nerve
You will need
4 mm hook
Double knit yarn in whitish , black , red and whatever iris colour you like
Yarn needle
Using black yarn
Make a magic ring with 6 chains
RND1 2 dc into each stitch around
Swtich to iris coloured yarn
RND2 * 1dc in first stitch 2dc * in next stitch all the way around
RND 3 * 1dc in first 2 stitches 2dc in next * all the way around
RND4 * 1dc in first 3 stitches 2dc in next * all the way around
Switch to whitish yarn
RND5 * 1dc in first 4 stitches 2dc in next * all the way around
RND6 * 1dc in first 5 stitches 2dc in next * all the way around
RND7 1 dc in each stitch around
RND8 Blood vessel round !
As round 7 , but at various points 1dc in red , then make long chains from this dc , then continue round as normal .
RND 9 As 7 , but slip stitch in red chains as required
( continue to slip stitch in red chains until round 13 )
RND 10 * 1 dc in first 5 stitches , dec next stitch * all the way around
RND 11 * 1 dc in first 4 stitches , dec next stitch * all the way around
RND 12 * 1 dc in first 3 stitches , dec next stitch * all the way around
RND 13 * 1 dc in first 2 stitches , dec next stitch * all the way around
Stuff eyeball
RND 14 * 1 dc in first stitch , dec next stitch * all the way around
RND 15 * 1 dc in first stitch , dec next stitch * all the way around
Sew up hole
Finish off
With red yarn and yarn needle , sew blood vessels together for a couple of inches to make optic nerve
Finish off
Impress / gross out friends
× This page contains archived content and is no longer being updated .
At the time of publication , it represented the best available science .
Fires burned throughout central Africa on June 16 , 2009 , from Lake Tanganyika to the Atlantic Ocean .
The Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer ( MODIS ) on NASA ’s Aqua satellite captured this natural - color image the same day .
Red dots indicate where MODIS has detected actively burning fires .
Fires are most prevalent in Angola , Zambia , and the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Agricultural fires are common in Africa , but the occurrence of such fires depends on the timing of dry and rainy seasons and the kind of landscape .
The fires in this image burn across a varied landscape .
Angola ’s climate is semi-arid savanna in the south and along the coast , but inland , near the northern border , there are tropical forests .
The Democratic Republic of the Congo is nearly evenly split between tropical rainforest and savanna ecosystems .
Savannah is the dominant ecosystem in Zambia .
NASA images by Jeff Schmaltz , MODIS Rapid Response Team .
Caption by Michon Scott .
In short , the Cyber Range is to the digital age what the Bikini Atoll — the islands the Army vaporized in the 1950s to measure the power of the hydrogen bomb — was to the nuclear age .
But once the tests at Bikini Atoll demonstrated to the world the awesome destructive power of the bomb , it became evident to the United States and the Soviet Union — and other nuclear powers — that the risks of a nuclear exchange were simply too high .
In the case of cyberattacks , where the results can vary from the annoying to the devastating , there are no such rules .
The Deterrence Conundrum
During the cold war , if a strategic missile had been fired at the United States , screens deep in a mountain in Colorado would have lighted up and American commanders would have some time to decide whether to launch a counterattack .
Today , when Pentagon computers are subjected to a barrage , the origin is often a mystery .
Absent certainty about the source , it is almost impossible to mount a counterattack .
In the rare case where the preparations for an attack are detected in a foreign computer system , there is continuing debate about whether to embrace the concept of pre-emption , with all of its Bush - era connotations .
The questions range from whether an online attack should be mounted on that system to , in an extreme case , blowing those computers up .
Some officials argue that if the United States engaged in such pre-emption — and demonstrated that it was watching the development of hostile cyberweapons — it could begin to deter some attacks .
Others believe it will only justify pre-emptive attacks on the United States .
“ Russia and China have lots of nationalistic hackers , ” one senior military officer said .
“ They seem very , very willing to take action on their own . ”
Senior Pentagon and military officials also express deep concern that the laws and understanding of armed conflict have not kept current with the challenges of offensive cyberwarfare .
Over the decades , a number of limits on action have been accepted — if not always practiced .
One is the prohibition against assassinating government leaders .
Another is avoiding attacks aimed at civilians .
Yet in the cyberworld , where the most vulnerable targets are civilian , there are no such rules or understandings .
If a military base is attacked , would it be a proportional , legitimate response to bring down the attacker ’s power grid if that would also shut down its hospital systems , its air traffic control system or its banking system ?
“ We do n’t have that for cyber yet , ” one senior Defense Department official said , “ and that ’s a little bit dangerous . ”
GOOGLE and Facebook have set up Farsi versions of their websites and services , saying that they were responding to the importance of the internet as a communications tool for Iranians during the turmoil in the country .
The web has made it possible for many Iranians to communicate since last week 's disputed election , and the international media have used services such as Twitter and YouTube in their reporting of the protests .
Recognising the internet 's role in events in Iran , Google added a Farsi dictionary to Google Translate , its online translation service .
It will enable millions of Iranians who are trying to get their message out to the wider world to translate any text , from blog posts to Twitter messages , from Farsi into English and vice versa .
A Google spokesman said : " This is not a political statement .
There 's a huge amount of interest in the events in Iran and we hope this tool will improve access to information for people inside and outside the country . "
The company said that it was working to provide Farsi translations for the other 40 languages in the service .
Facebook hastily launched a Farsi version of its website .
The website had appealed to its Farsi - speaking users around the world to help .
A Facebook spokesman said : " We could not have made this happen so quickly without the more than 400 Persian speakers who submitted thousands of individual translations of the site . "
Despite attempts by the authorities to control the flow of information from Iran , those angry at the disputed election results have been finding ways around the virtual barriers .
Until now , Twitter and YouTube have been central in the protesters ' efforts to communicate with each other and with the wider world .
Tweets -- messages sent through Twitter -- have been used to organise the time and place of protests .
At the request of the US State Department , Twitter delayed shutting down the site for maintenance last week to ensure that Iranians could continue to use the service .
YouTube , the video - sharing website , appears to have been blocked by Iran 's censors .
Google , which runs the site , reported that traffic from within Iran to the site was down by 90 per cent since the protests began .
However , this has not prevented thousands of videos pouring on to the site , showing skirmishes and the enormous scale of the protests .
It is believed that most of these videos have been emailed from Iran to people outside the country , who have then loaded them on to YouTube .
Early reports from Tehran after the announcement of the election results suggested that the authorities had tried to interfere with , or had disabled , access to many websites and had blocked text messaging .
But hackers are helping to keep web channels open and have taken down President Mahmud Ahmadinejad 's website .
Iran is a computer - literate society , with an estimated 700,000 bloggers , making Farsi the second - most popular language on the web after English .
Source : The Australian
Six people trekked to Ottawa a couple of weeks ago to testify before Parliament ’s Standing Committee on Justice and Human Rights , which is considering something called Bill C - 15 .
If that bill becomes law , it will establish mandatory minimum sentences for certain drug offences .
I know , I know .
We ’ve been there before .
But , as Dan Gardner of the Ottawa Citizen has said , if you want me to stop grinding crime and drug issues to dust you have to ask your elected representatives to stop acting stupid .
That ’s a strong word , but it ’s long past time to be genteel and respectful .
On every aspect of crime and penal policy , this government is programmed for idiocy .
Evidence is irrelevant .
If it ’s a step in the right ideological direction , one bound to resonate with that segment of the population that fears for its safety at every turn , it ’s the policy to follow .
That the fearful have been conditioned by those same politicians to be that way , against all available evidence , makes no difference .
Justice Minister Rob Nicholson , testifying before the Committee , was asked what evidence he had that mandatory minimums would have any impact on drug trafficking .
He said : “ We believe that that ’s what Canadians want . ”
Most Canadians probably want free maple syrup , a Stanley Cup champ or a couple of weeks in the Caribbean in February .
I ’m all for laws mandating those .
So much for evidence .
The six witnesses came from New York , Toronto , Ottawa , Vancouver and Victoria .
They all delivered , from varying viewpoints , the same evidence - based message :
That mandatory minimums do n’t deter crime — especially when applied to drug offences ; that they will inevitably capture the ( usually addicted ) street seller or his immediate supplier , leaving the big fish to swim away smiling ; that they are a political public relations sleight - of - hand designed to show toughness on crime ; and that they were popular for a while in the United States , where they failed to produce any results but had many unforeseen negative consequences and where everyone is now scrambling to abandon them .
What was interesting about the committee was the entrenched posture of all members .
The hearings seem to be as much a show as a serious gathering of information — an opportunity to consult but , in the process , to get their own views on the record .
The members from the Reform / Alliance — this government bears as much resemblance to the historical Conservatives of Canadian politics as the equally abysmal Bush gang did to the Republican Party — were , as expected , not very receptive to the message being delivered .
One tried a personal attack on one witness , which backfired , to the satisfaction of the witnesses and to the committee member ’s embarrassment .
The Bloc Quebecois is adamantly opposed to the bill .
Its members were full of praise for the witnesses and lobbed easy questions that invited expansion on what had already been said about the uselessness and potential harm of the bill .
Most interesting were the Liberals on the committee , who have apparently decided that they will support the bill so they can appear to be as tough on crime as the calculating cynics across the aisle .
They know all of the downsides of mandatory minimums ; but they plan to salve their collective conscience by concentrating on the final section of the bill , which says that , if someone looking at a minimum of one to three years in jail successfully completes a program through a drug treatment court , the court does n’t have to impose the minimum .
Somehow , for the Liberals , that makes the rest of this draconian law OK .
Following one presentation dealing with the potential negative impacts of the bill on the courts — like ceding the sentencing function to prosecutors ( who will decide what sentence to impose when they decide what charge to lay ) , or the certain demise of guilty pleas , the grease that keeps criminal courts running everywhere — Dominic LeBlanc , he who would be leader , delivered a statement about having recently visited Vancouver and spent time with the Chief Judge of the Provincial Court , who was proud of the Vancouver Drug Treatment and Community courts ( our own Ujjal Dosanjh , also on the Committee , was strangely silent ) .
LeBlanc then asked the witness what he thought of drug treatment courts .
Mistakenly associating them with the old drug courts that were functioning when he retired , the witness replied that they were necessarily invented by the judiciary to solve a caseload problem , the clogging of some courts by the recidivism of drug addicts , and had no impact on drug abuse .
He was wrong .
The Drug Treatment Court in Vancouver is more than that and deserves better .
Bill C - 15 will inevitably lead to a surge in the numbers opting for treatment rather than serving a one - or two - year minimum .
The result will be overload .
A viable avenue of help to some addicts will be swamped into uselessness .
More next time .
– Article from The North Shore News on May 20 , 2009 .
Page 1 of 3 << [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] >>
From : amuckfiddy
2009 -06-04 04:02 am ( UTC )
Haha awesome !
You should 've hidden a waldo somewhere in here though XD From : static_hiss
2009 -06-04 04:20 am ( UTC )
Oh my god , I totally want to see zompocalypse !
Waldo now .
( no subject ) - lewbasnight Expand ( no subject ) - allanc Expand Expand ( no subject ) - ( Anonymous ) From : dragon_dan
2009 -06-04 04:13 am ( UTC )
the cropping is superb !
feels like part of a triptych .
From : ladyenna
2009 -06-04 04:14 am ( UTC )
Excited to go to MoCCA this weekend !
Hope to see you there !
afterward Freddy and i are heading to brooklyn to see serenity on a rooftop !
let me know if you want it , it would be fun to hang out a bit more !
From : evinou_art
2009 -06-04 04:30 am ( UTC )
Beautiful work !
I wont be at Mocca but hopefully I can grab one of these bad boys some time in the future !
Good luck this weekend !
From : mistyhills
2009 -06-04 04:31 am ( UTC )
I love it !
You even have zombie dogs .
From : retrocareer
2009-06-04 04:56 am ( UTC )
That is awesome !
I 'm making my boyfriend get me one of those prints since I wo n't be at MoCCA .
From : jdporter
2009 -06-04 05:01 am ( UTC )
Do you still have copies of your book for sale ?
I 'd really like to pick one up .
( And a zombie print , too . )
From : madhatterpan
2009 -06-04 05:03 am ( UTC )
I should 've known .
Pigeons are the only creatures safe from zombies .
The pigeon lady will be in luck when the time comes .
From : douglasbot
2009 -06-04 06:06 am ( UTC )
Glorious !
That granny better book !
From : wormulus
2009-06-04 06:57 am ( UTC )
You wo n't be too too far from me .
I 'll be at 328 .
Next little bubble of tables down .
I 'm so excited about MoCCA !
This will be my second one .
From : clownfishdesign
2009 -06-04 07:00 am ( UTC )
Also , something I 've been meaning to mention - on your colouring tutorial video - thing , you were using masking fluid for your highlight .
Zonks ago , I did a lot of drawings using Yoken markers , and I 'd do the highlights at the end , using process white or white gouache .
Have you ever tried it ?
I noticed at an exhibition of his work , that I like the Shooter on the Roof ( there must be a musical in that , surely ? ) who does n't notice the zombie sneaking up on him .
Also , something I 've been meaning to mention - on your colouring tutorial video - thing , you were using masking fluid for your highlight .
Zonks ago , I did a lot of drawings using Yoken markers , and I 'd do the highlights at the end , using process white or white gouache .
Have you ever tried it ?
I noticed at an exhibition of his work , that Michael Leunig often did the same , which sadly is about the only thing I had in common with Leunig .
From : sodalisque
2009 -06-04 07:55 am ( UTC )
Yaaaaay I just might check out MOCCA this year , provided I do n't have to work .
I hope to see you there !
Zombie comic=fucking rad , I do love the zombie dogs .
From : radrobot
2009 -06-04 08:00 am ( UTC )
Raaad print !
From : pinkyxxswear
2009-06-04 01:48 pm ( UTC )
This is awesome , Lucy !
I love the pigeons , goin ' about their normal day .
From : pabba
2009-06-04 02:06 pm ( UTC )
This is totally great .
Love the mystery of the knocked over baby carriage and abandoned teddy bear .
Page 1 of 3 << [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] >>
I wrote a plugin for wordpress this weekend and all the documentation and guides were fairly long winded .
This is probably a good thing for most people but I never like large amounts of reading for something simple .
So the following outlines and explains a very short and simple plugin for wordpress .
WordPress uses hooks to give plugins certain places to execute code .
Hooks are created by using the add_action function where the first parameter is the desired , predefined hook and the second is the name of the function that you want to be called at that point .
Check out the list of hooks .
In this example I first hook the install function which will be run when the plugin is activated .
The second hook defines a function that will be called when a page is loaded and the footer code is executed .
The third hook is for the admin menu .
This one is a bit of a two step hook .
For some reason wordpress makes you call a second function on top of the add_action function in order to get an entry in the admin panel .
So the add_options_page is used for just that .
It creates a page under the settings header called ‘ WP Example ’ .
the third parameter is the name of the function that creates the admin options page .
The commented out name and example at the top of the script is actually used by wordpress when you are activating and deactivating the plugin .
Here ’s the code :
<? php /* Plugin Name : Example Plugin * Description : Simple Example Plugin * */ //hook the installation function to the activation plugin register_activation_hook ( __FILE__ , 'install_example ' ) ; //run the alert_user function in the wp_footer add_action ( ' wp_footer ' , ' alert_user ' , 20 ) ; // create a admin page add_action ( ' admin_menu ' , ' my_example_admin_menu ' ) ; // make the example_options function is the admin option page function my_example_admin_menu ( ) { add_options_page ( ' WP Example Options ' , ' WP Example ' , 8 , __FILE__ , ' example_options ' ) ; } // This code is run on the admin options page for this plugin function example_options ( ) { echo " < div > This Simple Example Plugin Welcomes Every Visitor < / div > " ; } // This funtion is called in the wp_footer and welcomes every visitor function alert_user ( ) { echo " < script type= ' text / javascript ' > " .
" alert ( ' Welcome to My Wordpress Blog ' ) ; " . " </ script > " ; } // This function is run when we activate the plugin // It is where we would put all our create table and option code // Since this is a simple example we wo n't do anything here function install_example ( ) { } ?>
If you put all that in a . php file and upload it to your wp - content / plugins directory you can activate it , deactivate it , view the options page and it will alert every user that comes to your site .
Brett Ryder
THE worst global economic storm since the 1930s may be beginning to clear , but another cloud already looms on the financial horizon : massive public debt .
Across the rich world governments are borrowing vast amounts as the recession reduces tax revenue and spending mounts — on bail - outs , unemployment benefits and stimulus plans .
New figures from economists at the IMF suggest that the public debt of the ten leading rich countries will rise from 78 % of GDP in 2007 to 114 % by 2014 .
These governments will then owe around $ 50,000 for every one of their citizens ( see article ) .
Not since the second world war have so many governments borrowed so much so quickly or , collectively , been so heavily in hock .
And today 's debt surge , unlike the wartime one , will not be temporary .
Even after the recession ends few rich countries will be running budgets tight enough to stop their debt from rising further .
Worse , today 's borrowing binge is taking place just before a slow - motion budget - bust caused by the pension and health - care costs of a greying population .
By 2050 a third of the rich world 's population will be over 60 .
The demographic bill is likely to be ten times bigger than the fiscal cost of the financial crisis .
Will they default , inflate or manage their way out ?
This alarming trajectory puts policymakers in an increasingly tricky bind .
In the short term government borrowing is an essential antidote to the slump .
Without bank bail - outs the financial crash would have been even more of a catastrophe .
Without stimulus the global recession would be deeper and longer — and it is a prolonged downturn that does the greatest damage to public finances .
But in the long run today 's fiscal laxity is unsustainable .
Governments ' thirst for funds will eventually crowd out private investment and reduce economic growth .
More alarming , the scale of the coming indebtedness might ultimately induce governments to default or to cut the real cost of their debt through high inflation .
Investors have been fretting on both counts .
Worries about default have been focused on weaker countries in the euro area , particularly Greece , Ireland , Italy , Portugal and Spain , where the single currency removes the option of unilateral inflation ( see our special report ) .
Ireland 's debt was downgraded for a second time on June 8th .
Fears of inflation have concentrated on America , where yields on ten - year Treasuries reached nearly 4 % on June 10th ; in December the figure was not much above 2 % .
Much of this rise stems from confidence about economic recovery rather than fiscal alarm .
Yet eye - popping deficits and the uncharted nature of today 's monetary policy , with the Federal Reserve ( like the Bank of England ) printing money to buy government bonds , are prompting concerns that America 's debt might eventually be inflated away .
Justified or not , such worries will themselves wreak damage .
The economic recovery could be stillborn if interest rates rise too far too fast .
And today 's policy remedies could become increasingly ineffective .
Printing more money to buy government debt , for instance , might send long - term bond yields higher rather than lower .
What should policymakers do ?
A sudden fit of fiscal austerity would be a mistake .
Even when economies stop shrinking , they will stay weak .
Japan 's experience in 1997 , when a rise in consumption taxes pushed the economy back into recession , is a reminder that a rush to fiscal tightening is counterproductive , especially after a banking bust .
Instead of slashing their deficits now , the rich world 's governments need to promise , credibly , that they will do so once their economies are stronger .
Lord , make me prudent — but not yet
But how ?
Politicians ' promises are not worth much by themselves .
Any commitment to prudence must include clear principles on how deficits will be shrunk ; new rules to stiffen politicians ' spines ; and quick action on politically difficult measures that would yield future savings without denting demand much today , such as raising the retirement age .
Broadly , governments should pledge to clean up their public finances by cutting future spending rather than raising taxes .
Most European countries have scant room for higher taxes .
In several , the government already hoovers up well over 40 % of GDP .
Tax reform will be necessary — particularly in places , such as Britain and Ireland , which relied far too much on revenues from frothy financial markets and housing bubbles .
Even in the United States , where tax revenues add up to less than 30 % of GDP , simply raising tax rates is not the best answer .
There too , spending control should take priority , though there is certainly room for efficiency - enhancing tax reforms , such as eliminating the preferential tax treatment of housing and the deductibility of employer - provided health insurance .
The next step is to boost the credibility of these principles with rules and institutions to reinforce future politicians ' resolve .
Britain 's Conservative Party cleverly wants to create an independent “ Office for Budgetary Responsibility ” to give an impartial assessment of the government 's plans .
Germany is poised to pass a constitutional amendment limiting its structural budget deficit to 0.35 % of GDP from 2016 .
Barack Obama 's team wants to resurrect deficit - control rules ( see article ) .
Such corsets need to be carefully designed — and Germany 's may prove too rigid .
But experience from Chile to Switzerland suggests that the right budgetary girdles can restrain profligacy .
Yet nothing sends a stronger signal than taking difficult decisions today .
One priority is to raise the retirement age , which would boost tax revenues ( as people work longer ) and cut future pension costs .
Many rich countries are already doing this , but they need to go further and faster .
Another huge target is health care .
America has the most wasteful system on the planet .
Its fiscal future would be transformed if Congress passed reforms that emphasised control of costs as much as the expansion of coverage that Barack Obama rightly wants .
All this is a tall order .
Politicians have failed to control the costs of ageing populations for years .
Paradoxically , the financial bust , by adding so much debt , may boost the chances of a breakthrough .
If not , another financial catastrophe looms .
Conservative frontbencher Alan Duncan may face a police investigation after joking on TV that he wanted to murder Miss California because she disagrees with gay marriage .
Mr Duncan , who became the first Conservative MP to form a same - sex civil partnership last year , was appearing on the BBC ’s satirical news quiz , Have I Got News For You .
Watch Alan Duncan ’s comments
He made the joke as panelists discussed Carrie Prejean , the Miss USA contestant who lost out on the title after stating her belief that marriage should be between a man and a woman .
Mr Duncan said : “ If you read that Miss California has been murdered , you will know it was me , wo n’t you ? ”
Fellow panelist Katy Brand was visibly shocked that Mr Duncan had made the statement on television , while Ian Hislop , editor of Private Eye magazine , remarked : “ Nothing like freedom of speech from a Tory , eh ?
She disapproves of same - sex marriage so she deserves to die by your hand ! ”
Mr Duncan ’s joke has prompted complaints to the BBC , the broadcasting watchdog Ofcom and even the Metropolitan Police .
The Christian Institute ’s Mike Judge said : “ It is inconceivable that a prominent politician would retain his position on the Conservative front bench if he joked on television about murdering a supporter of gay marriage . ”
Defending his comments , Mr Duncan , who hopes to be Home Secretary if the Conservatives win the next election , insisted : “ Of course it was in jest .
It is a comedy show after all .
I ’m sure Miss Prejean ’s very beautiful and that if we were to meet we would love each other .
“ I have no plans to kill her .
I ’ll send her a box of chocolates – unpoisoned . ”
However , according to a reader of the homosexual news site Pink News who was in the show ’s audience : “ The BBC must have used canned laughter when screening the programme as the audience were n’t laughing that much .
Everyone thought it was a really weird thing to say . ”
Miss Prejean , who already holds the title of Miss California , came second in the Miss USA beauty contest earlier this month where she responded to a judge ’s question about gay marriage .
She answered : “ I believe that a marriage should be between a man and a woman .
No offence to anybody out there , but that ’s how I was raised . ”
The judge who asked the question told ABC News : “ She lost it because of that question .
She was definitely the front - runner before that . ”
He also said Miss Prejean has ‘ half a brain ’ and that he would have stormed onto the stage and ripped off her tiara if she had won .
However , the 21 - year - old has stood by her comments .
“ I was representing California .
I was representing the majority of people in California , ” she has since said .
Last year a majority of Californians voted to amend the state constitution to make it clear that only a marriage between a man and a woman is valid or recognised in California .
Check out Ziggy the 340 pound destroyer as he ruins a washing machine .
Ziggy is a combat robot made by Canadian Mark Demers .
See some of Mark ’s projects here .
Ziggy trounced the competition this year to win the gold medal at this years RoboGames .
Click on through to watch one more video where Ziggy battles Juggernaut .
( Automation Mag )
I like creating software .
In truth , I like solving problems .
I like making annoying problems disappear , especially before people encounter them .
I enjoy the realization that a little bit of work on on my part will make the world a little bit cleaner , a little bit simpler , and a little bit nicer .
Sometimes I have to write code to do that .
I have no desire to be a pumpking , however .
What Your Pumpking Does
People like Nicholas Clark and Rafael Garcia - Suarez also love to write code .
They love to clean up ugly problems and replace it with elegant solutions .
They love efficient code , and tidy code , and bug - free , stable code .
They 're a special class of person called a pumpking .
In the Perl world , the pumpking has ultimate responsibility for leading and releasing stable versions of Perl .
Think of them as Larry 's lieutenants .
If you love writing code and solving problems , that sounds great .
You wo n't catch me volunteering , however , because a pumpking must also :
Manage bugs , including triaging them and fixing the ugly ones no one else wants to fix .
Manage patches , rejecting them when appropriate , revising them when necessary , and applying them and watching for black smoke when unfortunate .
They must also do this in a timely fashion so as not to drive away volunteers .
Manage volunteers , helping direct their energy and enthusiasm in productive ways while responding quickly enough to take advantage of their available time but not blocking the project on promises they can't quite fulfill .
Write documentation .
Manage test reports , identifying when and where a commit caused problems and which commit might fix them .
Understand various portability concerns , not just of Perl code but of core code , across operating systems of expanding lineages and hardware platforms but compiler and library support .
Uphold the implicit support and deprecation policy , even in the face of often competing goals for features and bugfixes .
Communicate the direction of the project through development to stabilization and release and support even to handoff to another pumpking .
Understand the long term maintainability concerns of proposed features , existing code , and development policies .
Liase with the maintainers of core modules , especially when a release is imminent and full release stability and behavior is important .
Keep Perl perlish .
Sometimes they get to write code .
Nothing but Praise
I 've written critically about the existing Perl 5 development process here , and I expect to do so in the future .
I want to be very clear about one fact , however .
I have nothing but respect for anyone who voluntarily does the job of a pumpking .
It is a difficult , thankless position .
It requires someone with an amazing attention to detail and a superhuman ability to manage a lot of fiddly , underappreciated work .
Past , present , and future pumpkings deserve our praise and support and thanks .
I 'm critical of the process by which we develop Perl .
I have no intention to criticize the people who develop Perl , and I offer my most sincere apologies and appreciation to everyone who 's felt criticized or attacked or slighted .
Now how do we make the job of a pumpking easier ?
AP
Plods and kettles have their way
DESPITE the threats to destroy capitalism and hang the bankers , the real hero of London 's G20 demonstrations on April 1st may turn out to be an American fund manager .
The anonymous capitalist accidentally filmed a policeman assaulting Ian Tomlinson , a newspaper vendor who was making his way home through the protest .
Mr Tomlinson was clubbed from behind with a baton and shoved to the ground as he walked away from a line of officers , hands in his pockets .
He subsequently died of a heart attack .
Just as the shock of that footage was receding , another video nasty emerged .
In it a woman at a vigil for Mr Tomlinson on the following day is slapped and baton - thwacked by a different officer .
The Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) is now investigating both cases .
Given that most of the 5,000 - odd protesters had cameras , more may well emerge .
It is especially dismal that the police should be so shamed in this of all weeks .
On April 15th Britain marked the 20th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster , perhaps the deadliest ever police cock - up .
Ninety - six Liverpool fans were crushed to death at a football match , after police allowed spectators to pour onto a crowded terrace .
The episode led to sweeping reforms : these days , other countries ' finest visit Britain for tips on football policing .
It is time those lessons were applied elsewhere at home : the expertise gleaned from football crowds deserts British coppers dealing with political ones .
No one can sensibly claim that Britain 's police are as brutal as many , probably most , other countries ' .
Some will argue that more dangerous security threats require more robust responses .
Police tactics are nonetheless seriously flawed .
As at previous demos , the police at the G20 “ kettled ” or corralled thousands of mainly peaceful protesters ( and not a few passers - by ) into a central area that they were not allowed to leave for hours , without access to food , lavatories , insulin or anything else they pleaded for .
Such detention without arrest ( for such it effectively is ) was quietly approved by the law lords in January , when they upheld a ruling that police had acted legally in detaining several thousand people in similar circumstances in 2001 .
As long as measures were proportionate , there was no breach of the right to liberty .
Whether the measures were sensible is another question : many mild - mannered G20 folk heated up after a few hours in the “ kettle ” .
The police know perfectly well that the prospect of kettling puts people off exercising their right to peaceful protest .
A review of crowd - control tactics ordered on April 15th should think hard about its use in future .
Other things too need attention .
Bad apples of the sort now starring on YouTube are seldom brought to justice : no policeman has ever been convicted of murder or manslaughter for a death following police contact , though there have been more than 400 such deaths in the past ten years alone .
The IPCC is at best overworked and at worst does not deserve the “ I ” in its name .
And 20 years on , no one has yet been held responsible for the Hillsborough disaster .
The Federal Reserve 's unexpectedly aggressive bond - market intervention plan was great news for Treasury bonds and good news for stocks , but downright bad news for the dollar .
The 10 - year Treasury note surged in price , pushing down the note 's yield more sharply than any day after the 1987 stock - market crash .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 90.88 points .
" This ...
Searchers Find 23 - Foot Piece of Airplane in Hunt for Missing Air France Flight Another Air France flight was threatened days before Flight 447 crashed .
June 3 , 2009  --
The pilot of the Air France flight that disappeared over the Atlantic Ocean sent a text message to the airline saying the plane had encountered bad weather , ABC News has learned .
As investigators examine communications sent from the plane before it vanished , searchers hunting for clues on the Atlantic today found a 23 - foot piece of airplane at sea , Brazilian air force spokesman Col. Jorge Amaral said .
Watch " World News with Charles Gibson " Tonight at 6:30 p.m. ET for the full report .
Several other teams of people on planes and ships are still making their way to the remote crash site with equipment to recover debris -- including a French search and exploration ship , due to arrive at the crash site Friday , equipped with robots that can plunge about 20,000 feet underwater to help recover wreckage .
That 's the same team that worked with Dr. Robert Ballard to find the Titanic in the 1980s .
Ballard has a unique perspective on what lies ahead in the underwater search for missing Air France flight 447 .
" Heavy objects will go to the bottom very , very rapidly , " said Ballard , director of the Center for Ocean Exploration and Archeological Oceanography at the University of Rhode Island .
" Lighter objects are carried for great distances , much like the lifeboats of the Titanic were miles and miles away from where we actually found the Titanic .
And in many ways , the debris they 're finding are like the lifeboats of the Titanic , floating on the surface , being carried further and further . "
A forensic scientist is also believed to be onboard one of the planes on its way to help with the recovery operation .
The U.S. Coast Guard is assisting in the effort to provide a " reverse drift " simulation , working backwards to help determine where the plane 's fuselage might be based on where wreckage is floating .
Bad weather is meantime hampering recovery efforts , with sea currents said to be impeding the process .
And weather aside , recovering debris in this part of the ocean may not be easy .
The underwater area where the search is focused is extremely mountainous terrain , and Google Earth estimates the water there to be 13,000 feet deep .
" That 's like searching for an airplane in the surface of the mountains .
You could be very close and not be able to see the wreckage , " said John Hansman , a professor of aeronautics and astronautics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
" The terrain here is worse than the terrain where we lost the Titanic , " Ballard added .
" The Titanic is sort of like in the Badlands of the Dakotas compared to the Rocky Mountains . "
Bomb Threat on An Air France Flight Just Days Earlier
The flight from Rio de Janeiro to Paris vanished with 228 people onboard Sunday night .
On Tuesday searchers found an oil slick and debris from the plane floating in the Atlantic 700 miles off the coast of Brazil .
Today , ABC News has confirmed that Air France received a bomb threat over the phone concerning a flight from Buenos Aires , Argentina , to Paris days before Air France flight 447 disappeared over the Atlantic .
Authorities at Buenos Aires ' Ezeiza Airport delayed the May 27 flight before takeoff and conducted a 90 - minute search of the threatened aircraft .
Passengers were not evacuated during the search , which yielded no explosive material .
After the inspection , authorities allowed the plane to take off for Paris .
Four days later , flight 447 departed from Rio de Janeiro .
There was no known threat against the missing flight .
Today , the head of France 's accident investigation agency , Paul - Louis Arslanian , described the case of the missing flight 447 as the " worst French aviation disaster in history . "
In Brazil 's president , Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva , expressed his determination to find the plane .
" A country that could find oil in 3,700 meters deep in the ocean is going to be able to find a plane 1,200 meters deep , " he said in a statement .
Passenger Arthur Coakley 's wife keeps trying his cell phone -- also determined to get an answer .
" I have n't tried it today , but yesterday it was ringing , " said Patricia Coakley .
" So maybe they 're not at the bottom of the sea . "
Air France Flight 447 : Weather Worries
The reasons behind the crash remain unclear , with many speculating that it could have been a result of thunderstorms and lightning or a combination of both .
The four - year - old Airbus jet did have sophisticated radar that should have helped the pilots try to skirt any violent weather .
Arslanian said that to the best of his knowledge , the pilot at the controls told Brazilian air control that he was experiencing turbulence about 30 minutes before the plane 's disappearance .
He said it was unclear whether the chief pilot was in the cockpit when the plane went down , since pilots usually take turns at the controls during long flights .
He stressed that the investigation was only in its early stages , and he could not confirm how the plane went down .
" We do n't even know the exact time of the accident , " he said , adding that " our objective today is to publish the first report by the end of June . "
A series of automatic messages was sent by the plane 's system just before it vanished , reporting lost cabin pressure and electrical failure .
Arslanian said the messages were received in a time frame of three minutes .
Investigators were working to interpret these messages , he added , saying that he did not want to go into details at such an early stage of the probe .
ABC News has also confirmed that two commercial planes flew virtually the same route as that taken by the Air France jet before and after the missing flight .
According to a Lufthansa airlines statement , its flight in the area " operated normally without any irregularities reported by the crew . "
French Transport Minister Jean - Louis Borloo said Tuesday he did not believe bad weather alone could have brought the plane down .
He also brushed off the idea that terrorism or a hijacking could be involved .
Nance agreed that it would be almost unheard of for a plane to be downed by lightning alone but added , " You never say never . "
Nance also said Tuesday it 's unlikely that turbulence could break up a plane : " In most circumstances , absolutely not , " he said .
" The aircraft can take anything the atmosphere can throw at it , except for tornadoes . "
In very rare cases , Nance said , a plane could be trying to recover from severe turbulence and then hit more , causing too much stress for the plane .
AccuWeather 's Ken Reeves said towering thunderstorms are common over that area of the Atlantic .
He said planes typically fly at about 35,000 to 37,000 feet , and storms in the tropics can be as high as 50,000 feet .
" In that part of the tropics , with as high as the thunderstorms are , it can be difficult having to go hundreds and hundreds of miles out of your way in order to just get to the point you 're trying to get to , " Reeves said .
Roger Guiver , a former British Airways pilot , once lost weather radar on a flight from Capetown to London and opted to turn around when he encountered massive thunderstorms .
" Without the radar , as we got closer , we got a much better idea of the height of the clouds and it became obvious that it was not an option to fly over the top , " Guiver said .
Searching for Clues About Missing Flight
Amaral said today the debris is spread out in two main areas , about 35 miles apart , located some 400 miles from the Brazilian islands of Fernando de Noronha .
Arslanian said one group of French investigators will search for debris and another three groups will study the plane 's equipment and maintenance records .
He emphasized that there were no suggestions of any problems with the plane before takeoff .
He also said he was " not optimistic " of recovering the aircraft 's black boxes ( cockpit voice and data recorders ) , which are believed to be buried under the sea .
If found , the plane 's black boxes would provide many more clues about what happened .
Experts said the black boxes emit pinging signals , although only for a finite period of time , in the water .
With tracking beacons that activate when the boxes get wet , the black box radio signal works for about 30 days .
But it wo n't be easy for search teams to pick up the signal and find a black box -- the size of the proverbial bread box -- in rocky terrain .
" It can be done , but I think we 're gonna have to look for a little luck on this too , " ABC News aviation consultant John Nance said today .
" They 'll drop those microphones down quite a ways , " Nance added .
The plane 's cockpit voice recorder , made by Honeywell Aerospace , would have recorded the last two hours of conversation and would still be intact if found within the next 28 days -- even at a depth of 20,000 feet , according to Duncan Schofield , Honeywell 's principle engineer of the black boxes .
The flight data recorder may have recorded as many as 400 parameters .
But if stuck in a crevice on the mountainous ocean floor , he explained that the devices ' pinging signals could be blocked .
Honeywell 's Bill Reavis said the boxes weigh about 13 pounds and do n't float because " they are bolted to the tail . "
There is talk among lawmakers about experimenting with boxes that would break loose and float on impact .
Lt. Col. Jed Hudson , a commander at Tyndall Air Force Base in Florida , said that all planes also have emergency transmitters in their tails that are designed to send out distress signals in case of emergency .
It 's possible that this one either malfunctioned or there was n't a satellite passing overhead to detect the signal at the time the plane was in trouble , he said .
The information can be stored and detected once satellites pass overhead -- unless it is too far underwater .
Mystery Over the Atlantic : The Passengers Onboard
According to the Brazilian air force , there 's no indication that anyone survived .
The missing Airbus A330 had 216 passengers and 12 crew onboard when it took off Sunday night .
All 12 crew members were French , according to the airline .
Passengers on the plane came from more than 30 countries , and included Americans Michael and Ann Harris , who had been living in Rio for more than a year .
Tuesday afternoon , U.S. State department officials said a third American , a dual citizen traveling under a foreign passport , was also onboard .
In addition to the U.S. citizens , the passengers included 61 French citizens , 58 Brazilians , 26 Germans , nine Chinese and nine Italians .
The group included seven children , a baby , 126 men and 82 women .
Michael Harris , a geologist working in Brazil for natural gas and oil producer Devon Energy , had been transferred from Houston to Brazil in 2008 .
" We are extremely saddened by this development and trying to monitor the situation as it unfolds , " said Devon Energy spokesman Tony Thornton in a statement .
" We 're doing what we can to help the family at this time . "
The flight had been expected to land in Paris at 5:15 a.m. ET after leaving Rio around 6 p.m. Sunday night .
The Brazilian air force said in a statement that it had been anticipating radio contact with the plane when it was still over northeast Brazil , but when it received no radio communication , Brazilian air traffic control contacted air traffic control in Dakar , Senegal .
There was no mayday call and no nearby planes received a call for help on the international emergency frequency .
On Monday night a crew from TAM , Brazil 's largest air carrier , said it saw orange spots on the ocean while flying over the same general area as the Air France Flight 447 .
ABC News ' Renata Araujo , Sonia Gallego , Joe Goldman , Christel Kucharz , Luis Martinez , Phoebe Natanson , Gabriel O'Rorke , Samira Parkinson - Smith , Kirit Radia and Christophe Schpoliansky , Reuters and The Associated Press contributed to this report .
According to “ Le Journal de Montreal ” there is a rumor that forward Alexei Kovalev may become the new leader of the Montreal Canadiens .
We all know that Montreal is an incredibly fierce hockey market and that the media drops a word in on just about any and every subject that could possibly revolve around the team , so it ’s no surprise this rumor got some attention .
It is , however , just a rumor for now .
But for the sake of argument I think it ’s worth looking at what could hapen if this hypothetical situation were to turn out to be a reality , what positive or negative aspects could this bring to the Habs and is Alex Kovalev worthy of the big “ C ” ?
To begin we ’ll take a little trip down short - term - memory lane and look at what might have been …
Vincent Lecavalier .
This drew much attention during the all - star break , so much attention that in the eyes of some sports fans , this was the time when the ship that is the Montreal Canadiens sailed south , down into the standings , losing their last 5 regular season games and making the playoffs by default ( Panthers loss ) , only to be swept in the first round and completely outclassed by the Boston Bruins .
Montreal had good reasons to get Lecavalier , one of the main ones being that they could possibly get a star french Canadian that could represent the team on and off the ice as well as be the eventual successor to Saku Koivu .
Sure Montreal put up some good hockey players to get him , but it would at least have made an interesting trade .
The media of course , got so interested in this that they forgot that the team on the ice was starting to fall apart and before they knew it the habs were on the brink of missing the playoffs .
It seems as though the Montreal media , the same people who hyped this “ centenaire ” all year saying that it was THE year for the habs to hoist their 25th cup , should also be credited with the team ’s downfall .
There is also a coach firing , and a few players that may have been a little steamed at the team that wanted to trade them away for a star player , but with their play , something was bound to give sooner or later …
So as we were saying , Montreal was willing to give up so much just for a single french Canadian , and all of the sudden they chose another European to wear the “ C ” ?
Why the sudden change of heart ?
Could it be because the defending Stanley cup champions , the Detroit Red Wings , have a European born captain ?
Perhaps … then again maybe not .
So what would push Montreal to make a move like this ?
I believe there are a few reasons :
1. Saku Koivu has been a great player and a heroic battler over the years , even overcoming such odds as beating cancer .
He ’s worked hard to be great on the ice and is never resting off the ice , always taking time for all kinds of charities and events , a true gentleman , class all the way .
Unfortunately Koivu ’s downfall may be that he has never successfully led his team through playoff rounds .
Montreal has had some success , but come spring their efforts have always seemed to come up short , even when they were outright favorites .
The Habs may be wanting to change that , the league is young and fast and Koivu is no spring chicken , neither is Kovalev , but as we saw with Carboneau ’s firing , Montreal seems ready to change , and sometimes a change is needed to move to another level .
Montreal might think that a few inner team changes such as this might wake them up enough for a solid season .
2 . Why not put your leading scorer ?
Kovalev is arguably the most offensively skilled player on the Habs squad , and Vancouver already has the “ goalie as a captain ” thing going so Carey Price is out of the picture .
Alex has also been Montreal ’s best scorer the last few seasons .
Jaromir Jagr was given the “ C ” in New York , it could work for the Canadiens … right ?
3. Although Kovalev is always an offensive threat , he is not what you ’d call a team player .
He is n’t reliable defensively , he shows no effort in back checking , he coasts most of he time , even while on offense , he even goes as far as faking injury or giving up on plays .
This is his biggest flaw , heart .
So much talent is wasted every game HE choses not to play .
You can be inconsistent but he is more than just inconsistent , he just does n’t always want to play .
Shockingly , this may be a good reason to promote him to captain !
Think about it : what would put enough pressure on a player to have to care whether his team wins or loses , who has to support the team and his teammates even when the chips are down , it would have to be Alex Kovalev ’s responsibility to play , hard , and win .
This could bring effort and passion from a player badly in need of a morale boost .
Here ’s an example of Kovalev ’s negative impact on the Habs , causing a loss to the Bruins in the playoffs …
As I mentioned above , Kovalev ’s bid flaw is in his character , and that ’s something you cant buy , and it is n’t something you can work on in practice , and it is n’t something you can work on in the gym .
It is either in you , or brought out of you .
If this rumor is at all true , lets hope the media in Montreal can put a positive spin on it , and who knows , maybe the Habs century season ( 2009 ) truly is n’t over yet .
Remember , 2009 is the 100 year mark , next season starts promptly in October , 2009 .
Last updated at 07:46 25 April 2007
It was always going to be a tall order .
When a 5ft 6in BBC reporter was sent out to interview a German MP ( 6ft 4in in her high heels ) the production team had difficulty getting them both into the shot .
But necessity is the mother of invention , and after Steve Rosenberg had hopped up on to an equipment box , he appeared to tower over Silvana Koch - Mehrin .
More follows ...
Under normal circumstances , viewers would have been none the wiser over this very low - tech bit of technical wizardry .
But an alert passer - by saw the unlikely pair on Berlin 's busy thoroughfare Unter den Linden and snapped a picture on his camera phone .
The image was published by Germany 's biggest - selling daily newspaper , Bild , under the headline : ' Little Brit Questions Big Woman Politician ' .
Their writer asked : ' Are men not allowed to be smaller than women on British TV ? '
But BBC spokesman Paul Rasmussen said : " This was not a question of personal vanity .
It was a technical necessity caused by camera angles . "
Under the pact the Soviet Union took control of two - thirds of Poland as well as the Baltic states , but only , he wrote , in order to create a buffer zone that would allow Moscow to marshal its defences ahead of an inevitable war with the Third Reich .
An embyronic shark whose head has been dyed to show genetic expression of the electrosensory organs .
The same genes that give sharks their sixth sense and allow them to detect electrical signals are also responsible for the development of head and facial features in humans , a new study suggests .
The finding supports the idea that the early sea creatures which eventually evolved into humans could also sense electricity before they emerged onto land .
The study , led by Martin Cohn and his lab at the University of Florida , is detailed in the current issue of the journal Evolution & Development .
Sixth sense
Sharks have a network of special cells that can detect electricity , called electroreceptors , in their heads .
They use them for hunting and navigation .
This sense is so developed that sharks can find fish hiding under sand by honing in on the weak electrical signals emitted by their twitching muscles .
The researchers examined embryos of the lesser spotted catshark .
Using molecular tests , they found two independent genetic markers of neural crest cells in the sharks ' electroreceptors .
Neural crest cells are embryonic cells that pinch off early in development to form a variety of structures .
In humans , these cells contribute to the formation of facial bones and teeth , among other things .
The finding suggests that neural crest cells migrate from the sharks ' brains to various regions of the head , where they develop into electroreceptors .
Glenn Northcutt , a neuroscientist at the University of California , San Diego , who was not involved in the study , said the finding was interesting , but that more studies are needed before a direct link between neural crest cells and electroreceptors can be established .
" It still requires a definitive experiment , where the developing neural crest cells are marked with dye , the embryo develops and the dye clearly shows up in the electroreceptors , " Northcutt said .
In the new study , the researchers found snippets of genetic material associated with neural crest cells in the electroreceptors .
They did not dye the neural crest cells and trace their development .
Our electrical ancestors
Scientists think that all primitive animals with backbones , including the early ancestors of humans , could sense electricity .
As they evolved , mammals , reptiles , birds and most fish lost the ability .
Today , only sharks and a few other marine species , such as sturgeons and lampreys , can sense electricity .
" Our fishy ancestors had the anatomy for it , " said study team member James Albert , a biologist from the University of Louisiana .
The ability to sense electrical signals is useful in aquatic environments because water is so conductive .
On land , however , the sense is useless .
" Air does n't conduct electricity as well , " Albert said .
" When it happens , it 's called a lightning bolt and you do n't need special receptors to sense it . "
The development of the electroreceptors is believed to mirror the development of the lateral line , a sense organ in fish that allows them to detect motion in surrounding water .
Similar processes are thought also to be involved in the development of the inner ear , the organs which help humans keep their balance .
The electroceptors are also believed to behind many sharks ' ability to detect changes in the Earth 's magnetic field .
Other studies indicate that like sailors , sharks can also navigate by celestial cues .
Scientists think that these two abilities are what allow some sharks to swim straight lines across vast distances of featureless ocean .
One recent study found that a great white shark , nicknamed Nicole , swam nearly 7,000 miles between South Africa and Australia in just under 100 days .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
A police officer chasing a theft suspect was fatally shot Thursday night by another officer after he failed to drop his weapon when ordered to , authorities said .
Officer Omar Edwards , 25 , was not wearing a bulletproof vest and did not fire a shot , authorities say .
Authorities said Officer Omar Edwards , 25 , was shot three times .
The incident is under investigation .
Edwards was in plainclothes and carrying a handgun as he chased the suspect past a police car .
Authorities said the officer who shot him said he did n't realize Edwards was a police officer .
Edwards had just left the Housing Bureau Station House on East 124th Street , said Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly at a news conference Friday .
As Edwards approached his vehicle , he saw a man rummaging through it .
Edwards took out his gun -- a Smith and Wesson 9 mm -- and chased the alleged thief , 43 - year - old Miguel Santiago , said NYPD Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne .
Meanwhile , a police cruiser with a sergeant and two officers , including Officer Andrew Dunton , had just turned onto 125th Street from 1st Avenue .
Santiago ran in front of the unmarked vehicle as it approached halfway up the block and the vehicle stopped .
Do n't Miss
See latest information from WABC
The officer in the front passenger seat got out of the vehicle and shouted for Edwards to stop running and drop his weapon .
According to Kelly , the officers reported that , after the command was given , Edwards turned toward Dunton with his gun in his hand .
Watch Commissioner Kelly describe the shooting »
Dunton fired his Glock 9 mm six times , hitting Edwards three of those times -- once in the left arm , once in the left side and once in the back , according to police .
Emergency crews responding to the scene found Edwards wearing a police academy T - shirt under his clothes and found his police shield and ID in his front left pants pocket , according to Browne .
Edwards , who lived in Brooklyn , was recently married and had two small children , according to CNN affiliate WABC - TV in New York .
On Friday , his relatives remembered him as a good person who achieved what he set out to do .
" He was a wonderful , wonderful child from when he was small , " his father , Ricardo Edwards , told WABC .
" His desire was always to be a policeman and to play football , " his uncle , Jerome Harding told the New York TV station .
" And he did accomplish both , because he plays for the Police Department . "
Edwards was pronounced dead at Harlem Hospital at 11:21 p.m. Thursday , according to Kelly .
" Tragic accidents like this are another reminder of the dangers our police officers often face as they keep our city the safest big city in the nation , " Mayor Michael Bloomberg said Friday .
" Rest assured we will find out exactly what happened here , see what we can learn from it so it may never happen again .
All the city 's prayers are with Omar Edwards and his family . "
Five eyewitnesses , along with 20 people who reported hearing gunshots , were interviewed by police .
The officer who fired the shots has 4½ years ' experience , authorities said .
The officers involved have been placed on administrative duties while the shooting is investigated .
Police later arrested the alleged thief on suspicion of breaking into Edwards ' car .
All About New York City Police Department
Today , May Day , 2009 , the Israeli newspaper Ha’aretz , posed this question : " Is Netanyahu bringing Israel closer to a ‘ second Holocaust ’ ? "
Well , the answer is yes or no , depending upon how one defines a " second Holocaust . "
Netanyahu ’s definition of the " second Holocaust , " according to Ha’aretz , is the ongoing attempt – allegedly being led by the Mullahs in Iran – to " eradicate the State of Israel . "
And why should those views of an Israeli paranoid concern you ?
Well , in Netanyahu ’s view , the Jewish people ’s continued existence , anywhere – including in the United States – depends upon the State of Israel ’s continued existence .
Ha’aretz goes on to report that –
" Since Netanyahu ’s return to the Prime Minister ’s Office , and ahead of his trip to Washington , Israel has upped its verbal tirade against Iran , and there is evidence of a media campaign with one , simple message :
If the world does n’t halt Iran ’s nuclearization , Israel will act alone , and it is already preparing for such an eventuality . "
And what nuclearization might that be ?
Well , Iran ’s pursuit – as is its " inalienable right " as a signatory of the Treaty on Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons – of programs designed to provide Iranians all the benefits of the peaceful uses of atomic energy .
And how do the rest of us non-paranoids know Iran ’s pursuit thus far has been entirely peaceful ?
Because – particularly since 2003 , after the Iranians signed an Additional Protocol to their Safeguards Agreement with the International Atomic Energy Agency , and voluntarily began to comply with its provisions , in advance of its ratification by the Iranian Parliament – the IAEA Director - General consistently repeatedly reports that he can find no indication [ . pdf ] that any NPT - Proscribed materials , or any activities involving them , have been diverted to a military purpose .
Not even the Israeli paranoids dispute those reports !
But , for them , it is the Iranian IAEA - Safeguarded peaceful nuclear programs that constitute an " existential " threat to Israel – an impending " second Holocaust , " not only for Israelis , but for Jews everywhere .
Right now might be a good time for you , dear reader , to refer to the " Study on a Possible Israeli Strike on Iran ’s Nuclear Development Facilities " by Anthony Cordesman , published in March by the Center for Strategic and International Studies , based here in Washington .
The CSIS study " addresses the possibility of an Israeli strike against the Iranian [ IAEA Safeguarded ] nuclear facilities , with the objective of either destroying the [ IAEA Safeguarded ] program or delaying it for some years . "
Cordesman ’s scenarios assume the Israelis will attack what he considers to be the three main target facilities , which if destroyed , would seriously delay Iran ’s attempt to realize its inalienable rights to the enjoyment of nuclear energy for peaceful purposes .
• Natanz facility apparently covers some 670,000 sq ft in total , the Fuel Enrichment Plant ( FEP ) complex was built some 8 meters - deep into the ground and protected by a concrete wall 2.5 meters thick , itself protected by another concrete wall .
By mid-2004 the Natanz centrifuge facility was hardened with a roof of several meters of reinforced concrete and buried under a layer of earth some 75 feet deep .
• The Esfahan Nuclear Technology Center ( ENTC ) is an Industrial - Scale Uranium Conversion Facility ( UCF ) .
The U3O8 [ yellowcake ] is transported to ENTC to convert it to UF6 ( Uranium Hexafluoride ) .
• The Arak Facility covers an area of approximately 55,000 sq ft and contains the [ uncompleted ]
Heavy Water Reactor [ and a completed ‘ heavy water ’ production facility ] and a set of cooling towers .
Cordesman presents in mindboggling detail – specifying the number and types of Israeli aircraft ( virtually all U.S. - supplied ) required , the refueling - in - flight requirements ( going and returning ) , the number and types of bombs required , the optimum altitudes to be flown at each phase of the route , etc. – three possible aircraft - accomplished scenarios , as well as one Israeli missile - accomplished scenario .
Targets that Cordesman concludes also need to be attacked include all ten of Iran ’s military aircraft bases , Iran ’s known ballistic missile sites and known air - defense surface - to - air missile sites .
Cordesman predicts that the Israelis will suffer a " very low attrition rate " in taking out all these Iranian military targets , now , because Iran now lacks " modern weapons systems , integration and C4I Battle Management . "
However , if Israel waits until Russia delivers to the Iranians the S - 300V ( SA - 12 , Giant ) Mobile SAM system – which the Iranians have already bought and paid for and for which Cordesman provides detailed specifications and resulting capabilities – then " the whole analytic model , beginning from C4I Early Warning to Response and Scramble times in the engagement of Israeli aircraft with [ the Iranians in possession of ] this integrated mobile air defense system , will have to be calculated . "
Cordesman estimates that once that Russian Mobile SAM system is operational the attrition for an Israeli Air Strike of 90 aircraft could then be " between 20 to 30 aircraft , " a loss he supposes Israel could hardly afford .
In passing , Cordesman also provides an informed analysis of the dire probable environmental consequences of an Israeli attack on the Bushehr nuclear - power plant , once it becomes operational later this year .
So , in March of this year , Cordesman tells the Israelis – in an update of a study he originally published in 2007 , entitled " Iran , Israel and Nuclear War ; An Illustrative Scenario Analysis " [ . pdf ] – that if they want to " successfully " attack Iran and destroy its IAEA Safeguarded nuclear programs , they better do it before the Russians [ a ] start - up their 1000MWe power plant at Bushehr and [ b ] install the world ’s best missile and aircraft defense system to defend it .
But last week DEBKAfile – an Israeli website that specializes in disseminating information ( and allegedly quite a bit of intentional dis-information ) – reported that " intelligence sources " had " disclosed " to them that " Moscow warned Tehran Friday , April 17 , that Israel was planning to destroy all 140 fighter - bombers concentrated at the Mehr - Abad Air Force base for an air show over Tehran on Iran ’s Army Day the following day . "
" Moscow had informed the Iranians that its spy satellites and intelligence sources had picked up preparations at Israeli Air Force bases to destroy the 140 warplanes , the bulk of the Iranian air force , on the ground the night before the display , leaving its nuclear sites without aerial defense . "
According to DEBKAfile , as a result of the Russian warning , the Iranians quickly dispersed all their aircraft and cancelled the air show .
Great Zot !
Can that DEBKAfile " report " conceivably be true ?
Well , if it is , to the question – " Is Netanyahu bringing Israel ( and you soccer - moms ) closer to a Holocaust ? " – the answer appears to be " You Betcha . "
The Ruby on Rails ( RoR ) open source framework is about to get more modular and faster -- thanks to some benefits of its recent merger with Ruby rival Merb .
With the upcoming RoR 3 release , Rails will be poised to deliver new features and functionality to the popular framework 's users , which has won converts among developers at high - profile sites like Twitter .
For one thing , Rails 3 will bring in customization features from Merb , which had been a key area where Merb had the upper hand .
Work on the new Rails release comes as rival open source frameworks , like PHP's Zend Framework , continue to ramp up their own respective efforts for rapid application deployment .
Yehuda Katz , former leader of the Merb project and now a core Rails 3 developer , explained to InternetNews.com that Rails 3 is now really starting to take shape .
Yehuda Katz
Source : Engine Yard
Rails Mashups ?
Katz noted that Ruby is already a powerful language and easy to hook into , but with Rails 3 , the goal is to make it easier .
"
The first stage of the work so far has been on refactoring and reworking the existing code base , " Katz said .
" We have been focused on making it possible for plug - in developers to hook into Rails .
" The e-mail system in Rails is also being re-vamped in Rails 3 .
Katz commented that currently Rails developers have to write a lot more code then they should in order to send e-mails .
Performance is also a key area of focus for RoR 3 .
" Rails is already great on performance and is much faster than PHP , but there is work we can do to make it even faster , " Katz said .
Faster , however , is a difficult term to define in absolute terms for Katz .
He explained that the Rails team is working on a metric that he hopes will make sense to developers , to better show which specific attributes and function of Rails 3 will be faster than Rails 2 -- and by how much .
Another key attribute of Rails 3 will be its ability for one application to include elements of other Rails applications .
Katz noted that , to some degree , it is already possible to do -- but the full drag - and - drop modularity is n't fully integrated .
" Just dropping in a calendar is easy , but then making it look like the rest of your application is n't , " Katz said .
The Merb Framework that Katz is bringing to Rails was known for being a more configurable alternative Ruby approach .
Now that Merb is part of Rails 3 , the same granular control and customization will be coming to Rails .
" With Merb , there was no contradiction between being configurable and also having good defaults , " Katz said .
" That philosophy is still the same with Rails . "
Twitter on Rails
Currently , one of the most high - profile Rails sites is microblogging phenom Twitter .
While Twitter 's popularity has caught the attention of nearly everyone in the industry , the site has n't enjoyed the greatest reputation for stability :
As Twitter has grown , users have found themselves encountering the so - called " fail whale " -- a notice about the site being inaccessible -- as the service tries to deal with its booming traffic .
But Katz said the problems typically are n't due to any Rails - related shortcomings .
" I think at this point , their Web site is not really their problem , " said Katz , who added that he and Rails team know and have had meetings with the Twitter developers .
" The vast majority of traffic comes through their API .
Rails seems to be serving them well and Rails already has facilities for Web site tuning . "
I am releasing this as creative commons attribution , which means that you can sing along with it , even record your own voice on it for your demo or whatever , as long as you give attribution to the music to stevysound.com
Also , you can contact me here or on facebook and if it is n’t a huge amount of people , I will mix your vocals into this track and send it to you .
Read more …
The Republican National Committee backed away Wednesday from a resolution that officially called Democrats the “ Democrat Socialist Party , ” but instead voted to condemn Democrats for what it called a “ march toward socialism . ”
The voice - vote came after an unusual special meeting of the party that underlined fractures among Republicans on how to deal with President Obama and the Democratic Party .
The original resolution was backed by some of the party ’s more conservative members but was opposed by the party chairman , Michael Steele , as well as other Republican leaders .
The opponents said the proposal to impose a new name on the Democrats made the Republican party appear trite and overly partisan , and would prove politically embarrassing .
“ Calling people names is n’t useful , ” said Haley Barbour , the governor of Mississippi and a former chairman of the party .
Still , while stopping short of officially trying to rename the Democratic Party , the resolution said the Republican National Committee members “ recognize that the Democratic Party is dedicated to restructuring American society along socialist ideals . ”
It described the Democrats ’ “ clear and obvious purpose in proposing , passing and implementing socialist programs through federal legislation . ”
And Henry Barbour , a Republican member from Mississippi , Haley Barbour ’s nephew and the head of the resolutions committee , denied that the final resolution was markedly different from what had originally been proposed .
The alteration , he said , was one of tone only .
“ We wanted to be respectful but we wanted to be firm , ” he said .
EPISODE SYNOPSIS :
Meet Steven Seagull .
He takes everything you say literally .
After seeing this image , I ca n’t possibly get it out of my head .
Yes , this may not entirely be how it derived but a crowbar representing the letter Lambda does look pretty cool .
Here 's how he has defended the decision not to release the photos of prisoner abuse :
" I want to emphasize that these photos that were requested in this case are not particularly sensational , especially when compared to the images we remember from Abu Ghraib , " the president said on the South Lawn of the White House .
" But they do represent conduct that did n't conform with the Army manual . "
Obama said the publication of the photos would not add any additional benefit to investigations being carried out into detainee abuse -- and could put future inquires at risk .
" In fact , the most direct consequence of releasing them , I believe , would further flame anti-American opinion and to put our troops in greater danger .
... I fear the publication of these photos may only have a chilling effect on future investigations of detainee abuse . "
Let 's unpack this .
It 's understandable that releasing new evidence of the widespread torture and abuse policy of Bush and Cheney , including techniques that were tailored specifically against Muslims , could inflame the populations of Iraq and Afghanistan , the two newest military theaters for the US .
On the brink of what may be a brutal summer in all theaters in a war whose purpose is now opaque , one can understand the caution , and there is no reason to doubt the genuine worries of commanders in the field .
But it is important to remember that it is the abuse that inflames , not the accounting of the abuse .
And for Obama to act as an extension of the Bush era of secrecy is potentially more damaging to the US and its interests and servicemembers .
He risks looking like Bush 's continuation , not a clear caesura .
That does not help the war , although the loathing of America in Pakistan and parts of Afghanistan is so intense it is hard to see how anything could make it worse .
As to the " chilling effect " on future investigations , I confess to being stumped .
Why would release of suppressed evidence further proving that Abu Ghraib was Bush - Cheney policy " chill " future investigation ?
Since when does evidence of crimes make future prosecution of them harder ?
It seems to me a fair point that these images add more heat than light .
But that is an argument for a thorough and independent Truth Commission to sift all this evidence with responsibility and in context .
If that were the decision , if Obama was telling us that he will release this evidence later , in a calmer , clearer context , then I think he can make a case .
Right now , it seems pretty clear that the military knows that Afghanistan is going under , Pakistan is on the brink , Iraq looks fine but probably will fall apart if we withdraw , and they sure as hell do n't need more grief or demoralization right now .
In the world of charcuterie , cold smoking is applying smoke to meat without much heat in the attempt to get the smoke flavor into the meat without cooking the meat .
The most common examples are bacon and smoked salmon , which are both basically uncooked by the smoke .
Ideally you want your cold smoker to be below 100�F .
This can be hard to do since you need fire to make smoke .
I never had a good way to cold smoke meat since I have a traditional hot smoker .
I stumbled into the site of my new friend Nick Dawson and saw his design for a cold smoker from a trash can .
I liked the idea and was one step ahead since I had a top vented hot smoker already .
I had pork belly curing to make bacon in the fridge , so I decided to build a cold smoker .
Here is a diagram of the idea behind a cold smoker .
Basically the smoke is made in the hot smoker , then sent via hose into the cold smoker where the meat resides .
I bought most of the gear at the hardware store , trash can , grill , duct take offs , duct adapter , duct collars , foil tape , vent , bolts & washers , and hose ducting .
The top vent of my hot smoker is 6 " in diameter , but the duct takeoffs are 4 " , so I had to use an adapter to make a good seal .
Fairly easy to do with the foil tape .
Next , I used tin snips to cut a hole in the side of the can to mount the duct takeoff .
The snips cut through the trash can like butter ...
Making sure I was wearing gloves , I fit the takeoff into the trash can and used foil tape to seal up the junction and cover any sharp edges .
The vent was mounted on the lid .
I used the snips to cut down the vent shaft and make tabs to hold it in place .
Again , the foil tape was perfect to seal things up .
Long bolts with washers were installed on the four sides to use as a rest for the grill that will hold the meat .
I made a mistake and used carriage bolts , which did n't give me an easy way to tighten them .
I should have used hex bolts .
With pretty much everything in place , I did the last step and connect the ducting from the hot smoker to the trash can .
Does n't look great , but it is functional .
The moment of truth .
I fire up the hot smoker and hope to see smoke actually enter the cold smoke chamber .
After about 15 minutes the wood chips finally catch and smoke appears .
I was greatly relieved .
I put the lid ont eh trash can and sure enough , smoke slowly left via the vent .
Success !
Here is a short video of the cold smoker in action .
Here is the pork belly in place , being cold smoked .
Everythign was workign great .
The bacon turned out great .
You can read about making bacon from scratch here .
Here is inside the cold smoker after the cooking .
A little smoke residue and moisture , as to be expected .
Otherwise , in perfect condition for my next charcuterie experiment .
If you want to to this yourself , my advice is to be sure to wear good work gloves when cutting the metal and joining pieces .
The edges are sharp and you could get a nasty cut if you are n't careful .
Posted by michael at April 22 , 2009 08:21 PM
What I 'm shooting now .
A five year old Canon Mark II system
May 2010
This Equipment is FOR SALE click here
When people see my cameras they often say , are you still shooting film ? or ... When are you going to replace those beat up things ?
or .... do those still work ?
Actually these cameras are in perfect working order ( knock wood ) .
Other than a broken shutter which was fixed back in 2006 ( see story here ) they have never been to Canon for " service " .
At some point I will purchase new gear , but for now this continues to be my set - up .
Below you will find some images of my Canon Mark II cameras and lenses .
These pictures were taken April 6 , 2009
The cameras ( and lenses ) have seen heavy use since being purchased in May , 2004 .
That 's 5 straight years of dragging them around the planet , shooting in some of the least forgiving places and conditions imaginable .
A lot of the paint and whatever coating is under it , has been rubbed away ,
leaving a nice silver patina .
The area just above the word Canon , is worn away from constantly rubbing up against my butt and thigh ( see how I carry my cameras at this link ( click here )
The hot shoe was ground down when I dropped it 9 feed down , off of the elephant I was riding on .
Miraculously the camera and lens survived the fall : ( that story here ) and visit http://kenrockwell.com/canon/lenses/70-200mm-f28-is.htm to see a post - drop report about the 70 -200 lens .
Ken did a thorough evaluation of the lens after the incident .
I use exposure compensation all the time , and the area around my exposure comp button is heavily worn .
( Please note that on the " factory settings " Canon does not have the exposure button here .
I made this change by hooking it up to the computer and reassigning the button , so as to emulate the exposure compensation button position on my Nikon D1X which I was so familiar with , before being relieved of them when I was robbed in Lima Peru .
The wear here near the vertical shutter release is mostly due to putting the camera
down on the ground or other abrasive surfaces .
The area around the shutter button and index finger wheel is a quite worn
I broke this window on my 70 - 200 a while back but never bothered sending it
to Canon because the lens still functions fine .
A while ago I used clear tape and pieces of toothpicks to keep the focus limit switch and the stabilizer buttons in the positions that I wanted them in .
Eventually the clear tape fell off .
I needed a fix , but at the time , I was in rural , upcountry East Timor and all I could get my hands on was some black duct tape .
These cameras may look like hell , but they work fine .
Please remember , you do n't need the latest , greatest camera gear to make a living in photography , but if you shoot for a living and need the most durable cameras possible , I recommend " pro bodies " and " pro lenses " .
They are designed extra tough and can take a fair amount of abuse .
If you are careful and easy on your gear , or are a hobbyist , you can probably get by with " pro-sumer " or " consumer " models that have all of the same functions and features at half the cost .
In terms of lenses , buy the best that you can afford .
Yes , pro lenses are more expensive , but they are sharper , faster and more durable .
Bottom Line : Find a camera system that works for you , learn it like the back of your hand , and you 'll probably make great pictures .
Do n't worry too much about gear ... concentrate on what 's in front of the lens and how you 're going to compose and expose the shot .
.....
When they hand out Pulitzer prizes , the judges never ask what kind of camera the image was shot with , or whether it was shot on film or digital !
A couple of years ago I would probably easily dismiss the idea of trying out a new version of Windows on the basis of a Free Software ideology or the chorus of voices of Free Software or Open Source fans saying how it just sucks and I better not bother .
But things have changed and while some may accuse me of betraying my ownfour freedoms or even worse the sin of promoting subjugation of computer users , my “ evolution ” ( or de-evolution , perhaps , in some views ) , has exactly a lot to do with freedom .
For what that ’s worth to would be detractors , it ’s freedom that I rediscovered , not that I betrayed .
But that ’s a much deeper topic so I ’ll suffice with saying that I found freedom to be a far more fundamental a concept than the legal crumbs you call “ four freedoms ” ( hint : beyond copyright and government ) .
That ’s a part of what opened me up to the idea of trying out Windows 7 , but partly it was also the recommendations of a friend who actually switched to it on his home computer and kept giving it rather high praise .
He too used to be a big Free Software guy and a Linux advocate .
Microsoft actually offered a release candidate of its new OS for free testing for almost a year , a fully unlocked ultimate edition so I downloaded it and first tested it in VirtualBox and was quite impressed by the UI changes .
It was enough to get me to consider installing it for real on another partition as a dual boot with Ubuntu , which I did after some time of putting it off .
This is n’t a full review of Windows 7 so I wont get into all the boring details .
I will describe my thoughts and feelings about it instead .
I do think that this is a significant improvement over Windows Vista , let alone XP and would agree with those who would say it ’s Vista done right .
I ’ve been told this is solely because computers today are more powerful than they used to be when Vista came out , so nobody is noticing the ongoing high requirements .
Even so , however , changes go beyond just reducing the resource requirements .
Most notable is the new panel , especially with regards to how open windows are handled .
It seems like an amalgam of Mac OS X ’ dock and the old Windows panel .
Another thing are neat window management improvements such as the ability to quickly tile windows to half a screen by just moving them to the right or left border of the screen or maximize them by moving them to the top .
And of course , it ’s flashy as hell , like Vista .
The glow of panel buttons actually follows mouse movements ( which looks pretty cool ) , window border and titlebar blurred transparency is everywhere and window buttons glow like traffic lights when hovered .
Overall , however , much of what I would consider the pros of using Windows 7 are the pros of using any windows , except now it actually feels like using a modern OS that does n’t feel as bloated as Vista so I would say that Windows 7 is merely a “ bonus ” ..
Perhaps those who characterize it as a service pack to Vista are n’t too far off .
In any case , the biggest advantages of using Windows that I personally find are :
Production software availability – with windows you pretty much know that you ’ll be able to find software for what you need such as for instance good video editing applications .
And Windows 7 seems to be compatible with programs made for Vista , which has been around long enough .
Better 3D support – while there is no Windows 7 driver for my video card ( ATI Radeon X800 ) probably for the same reason why there is n’t one for Ubuntu 9.04 ( AMD discontinued support ) , the Vista driver works and offers complete support not matched by free Xorg drivers I ’m relegated to on Ubuntu , making sure that all 3D needs are met properly .
Gaming – which is a no brainer .
Like it or not , unfortunately , most good games will still run best on Windows ( and I have a few games from Steam ) .
As you can see this is n’t particularly specific to Windows 7 , but Windows in general .
On the other hand , the ongoing advantages of using Ubuntu are :
Cleaner , more flexible and customizable UI – despite all the improvements Windows just does n’t compare with something like a GNOME desktop with workspaces and compiz powered expo effect .
And you can completely change how the desktop looks and feels .
I ’m spoiled by this .
Easily available software from central repository ( synaptic and Add / Remove Programs ) , offering software that covers majority of all of my needs and never contains ads or requires registration .
Peace of mind that comes from knowing that Ubuntu is based on a platform with a good security track record , and which is Free Software , widely disseminated and reviewed , which alleviates some of my paranoia .
It keeps improving faster than Windows constantly showing potential for addressing whatever issues I may even have .
Trying stuff out is also a good way to simmer thoughts that I can share on Nuxified .
Familiarity .
I am at home with console , GNOME , KDE , apt - get , synaptic etc .
I get things running faster .
I think it is becoming rather obvious why Ubuntu rears itself as a better choice here .
Availability of production software is an issue that I face only a small minority of time .
I mainly do web development or writing which I can easily do with tools readily available .
Fun stuff like watching movies , listening to music , watching videos online , chatting etc. is all well supported .
So the things that are missing are things which I need too sparsely to warrant switching to a new OS , let alone paying for it .
The same goes for gaming and 3D support , which are most related to each other .
While I ca n’t quite game on Linux ( especially now with only free Xorg drivers ) , a dual boot is an acceptable option given that I game so rarely , and there are technologies on the horizon which may completely remove that need as well , such asOnlive which will allow anyone with a web browser and broadband to game easily and without compromise regardless of which OS they ’re on .
I think many others may find themselves in similar situations .
It ’s always about a few productivity applications , 3D support and gaming , is n’t it ?
However , WINE supports more and more of the windows applications better and better and there is virtualization for the rest and dual booting as a last resort .
Onlive will pretty much bring modern gaming to all platforms .
And 3D support keeps improving .
I happen to own an old card for which there is n’t a native driver for Windows 7 either , but the free driver is improving and proprietary drivers work for all newer cards better than they used to .
All in all , a good case is being built for popular , well supported Linux based OS ’s like Ubuntu .
Members of the public would be able to report MPs to the watchdog if they feared expenses had been abused .
MPs found guilty of filing “ misleading or false ” claims will be punished with unlimited fines and up to a year in prison .
There will also be offences of “ failing to comply with rules on registration ” and breaching rules on “ paid advocacy ” — being paid by companies to influence legislation .
These two offences will attract unlimited fines , but no prison sentence .
The psychologists Gordon Allport and Leo Postman showed more than half a century ago that preconceptions about race distorted human judgment and sometimes caused people to recall things that had never happened .
Their best - known study mimicked the parlor game “ telephone . ”
In this version , subjects who often included students were shown a now - famous slide depicting typical passengers in a New York City subway car .
At the center of the image stand two figures : a black man dressed in a natty suit and a white man in shirtsleeves holding a straight razor .
After being shown the slide , subjects were asked to describe it to others who had not seen it .
These people then described it to others , who then passed on their descriptions as well .
Those who had heard the story secondhand were then asked to recount it .
More than half the time , the razor was said to be held not by the white man but by the well - dressed black man , who was sometimes described as brandishing it wildly .
This country has changed considerably in the more than 60 years since these data were published .
But the mental calculus that shifted the razor into the black man ’s hand is still very much a part of the American scene .
It comes into play every day in courtrooms , in city streets and especially in job interviews .
People who believed that racism was on the wane were mightily shocked by the research into the effect of race on hiring policies that appeared in the 2007 book “ Marked : Race , Crime and Finding Work in an Era of Mass Incarceration , ” by the Princeton sociologist Devah Pager .
After sending carefully selected test applicants to apply for low - level jobs with hundreds of employers , Ms. Pager found that criminal convictions for black men seeking employment were , in many contexts , “ virtually impossible to overcome , ” partly because those convictions reinforced powerful , longstanding stereotypes .
Palestinians walk through the rubble of their houses destroyed by Israel 's massive offensive against Gaza in December 2008 and January 2009 , in Rafah in the southern Gaza Strip on June 1 , 2009 .
United Nations human rights investigators began work in the Gaza Strip on Monday to try to determine whether war crimes were committed during the offensive Israel launched in Gaza last December .
( UPI Photo / Ismael Mohamad ) | License Photo
UN investigator Richard Goldstone ( C ) , former chief prosecutor at the International Criminal Tribunals for the former Yugoslavia and Rwanda , is speaking to reporters , at the Rafah border crossing with Egypt , in the southern Gaza , June 1 , 2009 .
UN investigators have arrived in the Gaza to probe alleged violations of international law during Israel 's offensive against Gaza in December 2008 and January 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Ismael Mohamad ) | License Photo
JERUSALEM , June 2 ( UPI ) --
Israel does not intend to cooperate with a U.N. investigative team in the region to probe alleged Israeli war crimes during Operation Cast Lead in Gaza .
In an effort to defuse tensions , Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak met with United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon Monday in New York .
Advertisement
The Israeli defense minister expressed doubts whether the U.N. team headed by South African Justice Richard Goldstone , who arrived in Israel Monday , would maintain an objective outlook .
Barak noted the investigation would not address the numerous terror attacks and thousands of rocket attacks launched at Israel from the Gaza Strip .
Barak and Moon reportedly discussed an array of issues , ranging from the Israeli - Palestinian peace process and Syria 's smuggling of weapons to Hezbollah to the Iranian nuclear threat .
Speaking after the meeting , Barak said " the mandate that the Goldstone Committee got is to look into war crimes in regard to the operation in Gaza .
... we know that they will never be able to talk to the other side and penetrate or investigate the series of terrorist operations along years … , " Ynetnews reported .
The Maariv daily newspaper quoted Barak saying " the State of Israel does not need an investigating committee , it knows that it has the most moral army in the world . "
In Gaza , Hamas spokesman Fazwzi Barhoum welcomed the U.N. committee 's arrival .
Israel concluded its own investigation of Operation Cast Lead weeks ago which found the army 's actions were well within the limits of international law in all operational matters including allegations of the use of white phosphorous shells and targeting civilians .
by Adam Pash
When Gina posted her favorite 15 Firefox Quick Searches , she used a Firefox feature which associates keywords with frequent web searches .
But you can use bookmark keywords not only for web searches , but to navigate to your favorite sites and inner pages , and even launch bookmarklets without moving to your mouse .
Advertisement
Today I 'll cover the fine art of browser bookmarking in conjunction with keyword shortcuts , and how I significantly cut down wasted browsing time with an intuitive keyword framework .
Advertisement
Note : Even though I 'm writing from the perspective of a Firefox user , Firefox is certainly not the only browser that can add keywords to your bookmarks and favorites .
In Opera , for example , you can create a " Nickname " for a bookmark that does the same thing .
Lay the groundwork
If you 're using Firefox , first things first :
You need to install the OpenBook Firefox extension .
Yes , you need to - you can add keywords to your bookmarks in Firefox without OpenBook , but it 's decidedly more of a pain in the ass , requiring a trip to the properties of each bookmark .
OpenBook makes adding keywords to bookmarks trivial , meaning you 'll be much more likely to set them up .
Advertisement
Once you 've installed OpenBook , go to Tools -> Extensions and open your OpenBook options .
You can tweak this however you want to , but be sure at the very least to check the Keyword textbox , which will allow you to create keyword shortcuts on the fly .
Additionally , since I really do n't ever click on my bookmarks anymore , I do n't really have much need for organizing them ; instead , I have all new bookmarks automatically dumped into a folder called Keywords ( keeps things nice and tidy in my Bookmarks menu ) .
You can see how I have it set up in the screenshot , but if you have your own preferences , feel free to tweak the OpenBook options however you like .
Advertisement
Once you 've got OpenBook all set up , it 's time to get busy .
Set up your favorites
I like to give all of my favorite web sites a one or two letter keyword .
The process is very simple , but just because I like holding hands ( I'm 6th grade that way ) , it might go a little something like this :
Advertisement
You visit http://lifehacker.com and find out it 's got your most favorite content in all the world .
You do n't want to have to type in that whole address thirty times every day , so instead you hit Ctrl - D ( replace Ctrl with Cmd on Macs ) , type in a keyword of 'l ' and hit enter .
Now anytime you 're ready to visit Lifehacker , you 'll hit Ctrl - L ( the keyboard shortcut for the address bar ) , type , 'l ' , and hit Enter .
Easy , right ?
Advertisement
Of course , first letters run out quickly , so in the off chance that there 's another web site that begins with an " L " that you like more than Lifehacker ( say it ai n't so ! ) , you can add letters based on other intuitive methods ( for example , Lifehacker could be easily remembered as ' lh ' or ' li ' ) .
Drilling down
Since web sites are generally set up in a directory structure , I like to add keywords that help me drill down to other commonly - used pages on the same site .
For example , at Lifehacker we keep a lot of internal communication , lists , schedules , and other such fun productivity porno in a wiki .
I 've set up the Lifehacker Wiki homepage to a keyword of ' lw ' ( Lifehacker Wiki ) in my browser .
But that just gets me to the home page of the wiki .
If I want to go to the page where I keep a list of feature ideas , I type in ' lwf ' ( Lifehacker Wiki - Feature ) .
For our content schedule , I type ' lwc ' , and so on .
Advertisement
You get the idea .
This sort of drilling down can go on indefinitely , though you obviously wo n't want to allow things to get to far out of hand before you just create a new , shorter keyword .
I normally set up my keywords to match the first letter of each word I 'm looking for so that it 's easy to remember and type all of my shortcuts in one to four keystrokes .
Keyword search and the %s variable
Gina has already done an excellent feature on Firefox quick searches , but I 'm going to delve a little deeper into keyword quick searches so that you can create your own keyword search when the simple right - click ->
Add keyword search ... method does n't work .
Advertisement
For example , the online version of the Merriam - Webster dictionary does n't play nice with the regular " Add keyword search " dialog .
However , if you take a look at the URL of any word on M - W , you 'll find that they all look like this :
http://m-w.com/dictionary/<word>/
If we just had a way that we could insert any word we wanted in place of < word > , we'd be set .
Luckily , Firefox provides a very handy little %s variable , which holds everything you type after your keyword .
To create a keyword bookmark search for M - W , then , you 'd hit Ctrl - D and paste the following into the URL field :
http://m-w.com/dictionary/%s/
Assign a keyword of ' mw ' , and any time you type mw productivity into your address bar , the word " productivity " will replace the %s variable .
I use this method all the time to view Lifehacker tag pages by bookmarking the following with a keyword of ' lt ' ( Lifehacker Tag ) .
http://lifehacker.com/software/%s/
Type in something like lt hack - attack and you 'll find yourself conveniently routed to all of my features here on Lifehacker ( though if you visited the tag often , I 'd suggest setting up a drill - down shortcut like ' lha ' [ Lifehacker Hack Attack ] ) .
Advertisement
Keyword your bookmarklets
Do n't be shy about adding keyword shortcuts to your favorite bookmarklets .
For example , I 'm absolutely crazy about the GMail This !
bookmarklet ( it was actually the basis of my Bookmarking with Gmail feature ) .
If I 'm on a page I want to email to someone , all it takes is Ctrl - L , ' gmt ' , and Enter .
Advertisement
Send a Webpage with GmailThis GMail
This is one of those fantastic , simple ideas that makes you slap your head and say " Why did n't Read more
Sync your shortcuts across browsers
Finally , if you 've set up a great keyword bookmarking system , you 're going to want to sync your bookmarks on every computer you use .
To accomplish this , I prefer the FoxMarks Firefox extension .
Advertisement
How do you speed up your browsing ?
I want to point out that there 's really no genius in what I 've described here - many of you may already have a similar method , or perhaps another , more groundbreaking method for speeding up your browsing .
If you do , I 'd love to hear about it in the comments or at tips at lifehacker .com .
Advertisement
If you really love your keyboard shortcuts , you might want to check out the following articles :
Adam Pash is an associate editor for Lifehacker who 's way into productive shortcuts , keyboard and otherwise .
His special feature Hack Attack appears every Tuesday on Lifehacker .
Subscribe to the Hack Attack RSS feed to get new installments in your newsreader .
