The firing of David Frum from his position as a senior fellow at the American Enterprise Institute has provoked such a storm of bloviation from pundits , bloggers , and Washington score - keepers that scientists are now warning the amount of hot air generated could exacerbate global warming .
Frum has been taken up by the liberal media as a hero and alleged victim of right - wing " dogmatism " and " extremism , " a lone reasonable " moderate " supposedly purged from his post because he urged conservatives to compromise on Obamacare .
Frum is battling " rude , reckless extremism , " the punditi pontificated : this is surely " the Republican right ’s Waterloo , " said one , hopefully , echoing Frum .
The Frum - ster was fired , not because he did n’t do a lick of work for AEI , refused to come into the office , and neglected to write for their blog – as Charles Murray pointed out – but due to the fact that he bravely dared to speak out against " lockstep Republican opposition to the health - care bill [ that ] sacrificed conservative policy goals at the altar of short - term electoral incentives . "
David Frum , martyr to high principle – the Republican " principle " of ( partially ) socialized healthcare – yeah , that ‘s the ticket !
Is n’t it passing strange that none of these " liberals , " these fighters against Republican / tea partier " extremism " and " dogmatism , deigned to mention that their hero has been on the other side of the docket in the conservative purge trials , most famously for his denunciation of anti-interventionist conservatives who opposed the invasion of Iraq ?
Perhaps they did n’t know about it , although that ’s unlikely – but that ’s what I ’m here for , now is n’t it ?
His screed , published in National Review and entitled , with characteristic venom , " Unpatriotic Conservatives , " accused Bob Novak and Pat Buchanan , among a number of other conservatives and libertarians ( including this writer ) of waging a " war against America , " and of making " common cause with the left - wing and Islamist antiwar movements in this country and in Europe .
They deny and excuse terror .
They espouse a potentially self - fulfilling defeatism .
They publicize wild conspiracy theories .
And some of them explicitly yearn for the victory of their nation ’s enemies . "
It was the neoconservative equivalent of the Moscow Trials , and Frum was the neocons ’
Vyshinsky , as I pointed out at the time .
Instead of engaging the –now vindicated – views of the antiwar right , Frum simply vomited up every epithet he ever knew : traitor , fifth columnist , jihadist , etc. ad nauseam .
It was such a disgusting display of vindictive name - calling that the former publisher of National Review , Neal Freeman , took to the pages of the American Spectator to rebut Frum ’s disgraceful performance :
" On each and every point Novak had been right and his opponents had been wrong .
In opinion journalism , you would hope that the quality of opinion would count for something .
But in those poisonous days , truth was no defense .
‘ Unpatriotic . ’
It was the cruelest cut you could inflict on a conservative of a certain age .
When I put down my copy of NR , I felt a genuinely new sensation .
For the first time in my long association with the magazine , I was ashamed . "
Not Frum , however , either then or now , and not the editors of National Review , who , to this day , maintain they were right not only in publishing Frum ’s loathsome jeremiad – which grotesquely accused conservative opponents of the war , including the Jewish - born Novak , of " anti-Semitism , " as well as sedition – but in supporting the war to the hilt .
Frum and his fellow neocons had been agitating for war with Iraq for a decade or so , and if the success of their holy crusade resulted in the ruination of the American position in the Middle East , and the death of tens of thousands , well then no matter , as long as the neocon lust for perpetual war was satiated with a good bloodbath .
This kind of intransigence – maintained long after the verdict has been passed on the Iraq war as an unmitigated disaster – does n’t jibe with Frum ’s new image as a " moderate , " which clues us in as to why the liberals who hail him do n’t mention it , and the conservatives who now hate him do n’t refer to it .
The former because their opposition to " Bush ’s wars " has dwindled to nothing as Obama dons his armor and charges off to fight the same battles , the latter because they were wrong , too , and would rather not remind us of that uncomfortable fact .
The lesson to be learned from all this is twofold : first of all , the liberals who now lionize the " brave " Frum - ster care only about domestic politics : i.e. issues like healthcare " reform , " which satisfy their craving for more government control over our lives .
That ’s why they ’re silent in the face of Obama ’s war crimes , even as they screeched for Bush ’s impeachment on the same grounds for eight long years .
As for the conservatives , the lesson here is essential and it ’s staring them in the face .
If they ca n’t see it quite yet , that ’s due to their peculiar ideological blindness when it comes to the question of war and peace .
They declaim against Obamacare as " socialism " and decry the advance of Washington ’s long shadow over all things great and small , and yet they object not at all to the sort of military socialism that has infected conservative consciousness since the dawn of the cold war .
It was the founder of National Review magazine , the late William F. Buckley , Jr. , who , at the beginning of the cold war , announced that it would be necessary to give up the conservative dream of limited government in order to carry out a global war against Communism .
Writing in 1952 , shortly before the founding of NR , Buckley averred that the prosecution of the cold war would require that the US maintain " large armies and air forces , atomic energy , central intelligence , war production boards and the attendant centralization of power in Washington –even with Truman at the reins of it all . "
Forget about limited government , he advised conservatives , because :
" We have got to accept Big Government for the duration –for neither an offensive nor a defensive war can be waged … except through the instrumentality of a totalitarian bureaucracy within our shores . "
Today , that totalitarian bureaucracy goes by the name " Homeland Security , " among others , and the Enemy is no longer communism but " terrorism " and its alleged supporters , and the proscription against calling for a real reduction in the power and scope of Big Government remains , at least as far as the David Frums of this world are concerned .
Of course Frum wants the Republicans to cave on healthcare , and stop talking about " extremist " ideas like restoring the gold standard ( which would eliminate the power of government to impose hidden taxes via inflation ) , since all he and his fellow neocons care about is war , and more war .
In his book , An End to Evil , he and co-author Richard Perle advocated invading virtually every Muslim country on earth , and then some : oh , and we also must be prepared to give up our civil liberties , ditch the Constitution , and hand over power to the National Security State , which alone can protect us .
This is all perfectly consistent with neoconservative ideology , which has always stood for Big Government , albeit a slightly less extravagant version than is called for by the Obama - crats , and the reason for this is simple .
In order to maintain an empire abroad – the issue that is really dear to neocon hearts — we must maintain our bloated Leviathan on the home front : the two go hand in hand .
That ’s what the " Big Government conservatism " pushed by such neocon outlets as the Weekly Standard was all about : after all , how can we invade every country in the Middle East and impose " democracy " at gunpoint if the federal government is starved for funds and cut back to its proper size ?
The tea partiers who cavil that the GOP and the official conservative movement are RINOs and sellouts have no one to blame but themselves and their own inability to see the vital connection between domestic and foreign policy .
You ca n’t fight a war to " democratize " the Middle East without plenty of tax dollars to play around with , nor can you pose as the guardian of order and even liberty in the world without denying your own citizenry the right to enjoy the fruits of their labors .
You ca n’t build an empire on which the sun never sets except on the foundations of a federal government that has the power to plunder its citizens and redistribute American wealth throughout the world .
Frum and the neocons love Big Government , because their fondest desire is to increase the geographic spread and influence of that government all around the world , with a network of bases , colonies , protectorates , and economic dependents all financed by the downtrodden and fast disappearing American middle classes , who are being handed the bill .
Which is why the friends of liberty and peace can have but one response to the purging of David Frum , consisting of three words ; hip hip hoo-ray !
He ’s being given a dose of his own medicine , and he does n’t like it one bit .
Tough .
Conservatives are slowly but surely waking from their long slumber , and when they finally get their eyes wide open they will see how they ’ve been betrayed , and by whom .
Frum can dish out , but he sure ca n’t take it .
His dismissal from his well - paid position at AEI is proof positive that the concept of " karma " – that we get back what we put out – is fully operational , and there ’s some justice in this world , after all .
A Prescription for Fun Posted August 23 , 2013 at 2:12 am Hey .
All content copyright ( c ) 2010 - 2020 Erin Burt .
All rights reserved .
If you use one of these comics , please provide a link back to the source !
Hello PPCGeeks Readers !
What ’s come through the mailbox is BIG , and we mean Real Big !
Through an anonymous contact , we ’ve received several PDFs that include special Windows Phone 7 Development , Usage , and Customization Content .
The content is very large and includes a wide amount of information we have yet to completely unravel and detail upon , but some of the exterior facts are VERY promising .
Mentioned items include :
Detailing of its architecture , everything from the specifics to graphs explaining basics
Customization and Compatibility plans , including with Microsoft Silverlight , Xbox ’s XNA system and network , and Microsoft Azure ( A Cloud Service for Microsoft )
Explanation of using and maintaining content on WP7 devices , such as internet browsing , connecting to the Cloud Network , Xbox Connections , etc .
Included photo shows a flowchart that seems to detail the process of starting up your phone for the first time !
We have so much more to look into and are VERY excited to look into this , for now , a few photos to get your pallet wet !
( CNN ) -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad left Sunday for the United States to take part in a conference on nuclear nonproliferation , a Foreign Ministry spokesman told state television .
Ahmadinejad will address the the United Nations Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty review conference in New York on Monday , spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast told Iran 's News Network .
Ahmadinejad told reporters in Tehran before his departure that the NPT has failed .
" The biggest threat to the world today is the production and stockpiling of nuclear weapons , " he said .
" Unfortunately the [ International Atomic Energy Agency ] in the past 40 years has not been successful in its mission .
We have no disarmament or nonproliferation and some countries have even procured the nuclear bomb during this period , " Ahmadinejad said Sunday .
A top Ahmadinejad adviser , Mojtaba Samareh Hashemi , said Saturday that the Iranian president planned to offer major proposals at the conference but that the plans would allow Iran to maintain its nuclear program , the IRNA official news agency reported .
Iran insists its program is aimed at producing nuclear energy , while Washington accuses it of seeking to develop nuclear weapons .
With the United States pushing for new international sanctions against Iran over its refusal to halt its nuclear program , Ahmadinejad said Saturday that his nation " cuts any hand that signs a document against Iran , " according to the semiofficial FARS news agency .
Ahmadinejad began his trip a day after saying he has proof that the United States and Israel are linked to the world 's leading terrorist organizations , according to state - run media .
" We have documents that prove [ Washington ] is the root of world terrorism , " Ahmadinejad said in a speech in Tehran , Press TV reported .
" It has been aiding and abetting extremist groups over the past years . "
The United States " is the only country to have used the atomic bomb in military conflict , " Ahmadinejad said Saturday , according to Press TV .
" They even admit themselves that they resorted to using [ similar weapons ] during the war they waged on Iraq . "
The United States has not admitted using such weapons in the Iraq war .
Ahmadinejad urged the United States to engage his government , saying that " companionship is better than confrontation , " FARS reported .
His remarks came at a ceremony celebrating May Day , or International Workers ' Day .
The U.S. State Department said Friday that it is granting some of the visas requested by the Iranian delegation planning to attend next week 's conference but would give no details about a visa for the Iranian president .
On Thursday , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton condemned Ahmadinejad in some of the Obama administration 's strongest language to date .
" Iran , with its anti-Semitic president and hostile nuclear ambitions , also continues to threaten Israel , destabilize the region , and sponsor terror , " Clinton said , addressing the annual meeting of the American Jewish Committee .
" The United States is committed to pursuing [ a ] diplomatic path , " she said .
" But we will not compromise our commitment to preventing Iran from developing nuclear weapons . "
It is more than likely that the British Labour Party will be defeated in the UK General Election .
Some polls say that their expected share of the vote may well be their worst share of the vote since 1918 , a time when Labour was still in its infancy .
Although it looks as though they may just escape that ignominy .
This needs to be made clear though .
A defeat for the Labour Party in the UK elections is not a defeat for the centre left or a victory for the centre right .
Nor is it anything that American Conservatives can crow about ( although there is no doubt that they will ) .
There is also no doubt that David Cameron is doing as well as he is doing because he has moved the Conservative Party away from the Social Conservatives .
A Conservative Party as extreme as the current GOP could never be elected in the UK .
The Cameron Conservatives , at least officially are far less authoritarian than the Brown Labour Party .
The Labour Party of Brown and Blair is not the Labour Party of old .
On key areas they went much further right than the Conservatives could ever have dreamed of .
Indicative of that was at the start of the Labour campaign Tony Blair appeared in ghost like form to criticise the Conservatives for becoming too liberal on crime and civil liberties .
Labour ’s first betrayals were to students and single parents .
In the run up to the 1997 General Election Labour said that they opposed the “ Dearing Report ” which investigated expanding student numbers without imposing a heavier burden on state finances .
It proposed either expanding the level of student loan in relation to grants , or introducing a university top up fee .
In office Labour scrapped the grant element of student finance AND introduced top up loans .
In the benefits system there were additional personal allowances for single parents to reflect the extra cost of being a single parent .
Labour abolished them .
As Chancellor , Brown gave the City of London a tax haven status and as his final act in that position he doubled the rate of tax on the lowest paid .
The gap between rich and poor widened massively under Labour .
The poorest under Labour have seen their actual incomes fall .
The average real incomes of the poorest ten % declined by 2 % in the 10 years to 2007 - 08 .
It is sad that both the Conservatives and Labour talk of ending the “ culture of dependency ” by imposing penalties on the unemployed and poorest .
Only the Liberal Democrats are offering financial help to get out of the poverty trap .
The actual statics are horrifying and remember these are the figures before the start of the recession .
Who knows what horrors have been inflicted since then on the lowest paid .
What we do know is that the UK billionaires did very nicely out of the recession .
The collective wealth of the country ’s 1,000 richest people rose 30 % last year in the wake of the economic crisis .
The latest year for which household income data is available is 2007 / 08 .
In that year , the 60 % threshold was worth : £ 115 per week for single adult with no dependent children ; £ 199 per week for a couple with no dependent children ; £ 195 per week for a single adult with two dependent children under 14 ; and £ 279 per week for a couple with two dependent children under 14 .
These sums of money are measured after income tax , council tax and housing costs have been deducted , where housing costs include rents , mortgage interest ( but not the repayment of principal ) , buildings insurance and water charges .
They therefore represent what the household has available to spend on everything else it needs , from food and heating to travel and entertainment .
In 2007 /08 , 13 ½ million people in the UK were living in households below the 60 % low - income threshold after deducting housing costs .
This is around a fifth ( 22 % ) of the population .
This 13 ½ million figure is an increase of 1½ million compared with three years previously , 2004 / 05 .
The increases over the last three years follow six uninterrupted years of decreases from 1998 / 1999 to 2004/05 and are the first increases since 1996 / 97 .
The number of people on low incomes is still lower ( just ) than it was during the early 1990s but is much greater than in the early 1980s .
http://www.poverty.org.uk/01/index.shtml
Immigration has become a General Election issue in part because of the lack of social housing .
The building of public sector homes had already been scaled back by the previous Conservative administration , it was cut back even further under Labour .
Those cuts have fuelled distrust and anger and have as a result caused a growth in the support of the neo-nazi British National Party .
Again only one party has talked of expanding Council House building to tackle the real problems behind the lack of affordable housing .
The other two parties talk of encouraging shared ownership , which fails to tackle the overpriced property market .
Hyper inflation in the property market looks to be returning .
The cut in public sector housing was by design .
It helped fuel the property price boom because people had to buy a house .
This of course led to further poverty traps for those that simply could not afford to buy , an increase in the number of “ self - declared ” mortgages ( aka liar loans or using the softer American language “ sub prime mortgages ” ) .
The rising “ capital ” was politically useful because despite wages stagnating under Labour , people felt richer .
House price inflation was further fuelled by Labour as a result of a decision to take £ 5 billion from the front end of pension plans , which meant that Britain went from having one of the best private sector pensions industry in the World , to one of the least generous .
To supplement that loss many jumped on board “ buy to let ” schemes which allowed people to become landlords based on projected rental incomes .
Often with no deposit .
This further increased the gap between the poorest and richest .
While the poor got literally poorer , the rich have done very very well under Labour .
The top 1 % hold a higher share of the national income than at any time since the early 1930s .
Inequality in the United Kingdom is now higher than at any point since records began .
After 13 years of Blair / Brown government , the UK has higher levels of inequality than after 18 years of the previous Conservative government and the chances of someone on low - income to become richer are much reduced .
Social mobility after 13 years of Labour is worse than ever before .
On Civil Liberties Labour have been a disaster and they are promising more of that disaster .
A planned compulsory National Identity Card is in the manifesto , billions have already been spent setting it up ; they have passed legislation in the name of preventing terrorism that makes the US Patriot Act look positively Liberal .
Britain has people under permanent house arrest and these people have not been either charged or tried under any offence .
Control orders as the house arrest scheme is called are nothing but a disgrace to any Nation that has signed up to international human rights treaties .
We no longer have the right to demonstrate , a demonstration must be requested , the police have powers to declare any demonstration illegal .
People have been arrested outside of Parliament for eating a “ political cake ” .
Our extradition laws to the US are a one - sided joke .
The US can extradite any British citizen without evidence .
Britain shamefully joined with the US in torture and extraordinary rendition .
Britain has 1 % of the World ’s population being watched by 20 % of its cctv cameras .
We have a DNA database that Court after Court has ruled is being used illegally .
With five million people on it , it is five times bigger than that operated by the next largest Country .
The database includes nearly 1 million children aged between 10 and 17 .
A child aged 7 months old was added to it .
Despite its massive growth , it has become increasingly less effective at catching criminals .
The number of prisoners in the UK has risen by 41 % since Labour took office and Britain now beats the US for the proportion of its prisoners in private prisons .
Nowhere jails more prisoners in Europe than England and Wales .
There are 3500 extra crimes on the statute books , the principles of double jeopardy and habeas corpus have essentially been abolished .
Labour can be congratulated for increases in key areas of public spending but much of that increase went via private companies ( a good number associated with Labour Ministers ) .
That money has been tied up for years through schemes like Public Private Finance Initiatives that leave hospitals and schools paying back credit card style levels of interest on building projects , many of these projects have 30 year terms .
Of the reported building projects , estimated to cost £ 68 billion , the Government is contracted to repay about £ 250 billion .
This excludes PFI deals done by quangos and local authorities .
It is unlikely that ANY government could uncover the real amount of Government debt .
Many of the public sector reforms created a culture of meeting targets rather than of delivering services .
That target mentality has undermined education and health care massively .
Pupils are rote taught a syllabus to pass ever - increasing numbers of exams and are not taught the actual subject .
Hospital waiting lists may be down , considerably , there are however waiting lists to get on the waiting lists .
Unlike our American friends on the right however we do not blame “ Government ” for the poor operation of public services , we blame those who are IN GOVERNMENT .
The British expect quality public services from those that we elect to deliver them .
We would find it a very poor excuse for any politician to try to pass the buck for THEIR poor management of public services on to the existence of that public service .
Rejecting that “ New Labour ” history is not the rejection of an “ Obama style government ” .
It is a late rejection of a Bush style Government , that Brown helped fund as Chancellor and then did too little and too late to correct as Prime Minister .
UK politics are pretty topsy turvy at the moment .
It is possible that Brown could come third place in the popular vote on Thursday but still have the most seats .
Even if he does not manage to get the most seats , he could still continue on as Prime Minister if he believes that he can get a majority in the House of Commons .
It is possible that even without a formal pact , after a difficult and expensive election he may actually survive a vote of confidence in the House , simply because the two main Parties are not prepared or able to re-run the election so shortly after the last .
The public would not be very forgiving of a very early vote and none of the Parties would have had time to refill their emptied bank accounts .
So Britain may not know on Friday who actually is forming the next Government .
All we do know is that the far right politics offered by the American right would not even get a look in in the UK .
In fact each of the three main Party Leaders are proud to call themselves “ progressive ” .
Only one of them though is talking of taking progressive action and lowering taxes on the poorest and he is not Labour .
Unfortunately , he also has no real chance of becoming Prime Minister .
With that said though , Labour needs to be punished .
Live Answering Service
My Answering provides nationwide answering service and inbound call center service that helps you keep your customers happy .
Because of our customizable answering service options , we 're sure we have a plan to fit your needs .
Benefits of using our Answering Service
No installation or wiring
Free toll - free 800 number
Live phone answering service
Customizable dynamic scripting system
Online calendar and appointment setting
Your messages are live on the website in real time
24 hours a day 7 days a week live answering service
Why Use An Answering Service ?
Whether you are building a new company or trying to increase sales and productivity , you may not have enough time for the small tasks that drive your day - to - day business .
Phone calls can come in around the clock , meaning you are missing connections with potential customers .
Even if it is difficult to determine how these missed connections are affecting your business , it is troubling to consider that 75 % of customers who reach a voicemail message will hang up , often moving along to competitors with live service .
About Our Answering Service
My Answering.com provides unique answering service and call center solutions for companies of all sizes and budgets , one of our customer , Singapore Bus Ticket Booking Website experienced major increase in sale from routes like Bus to Malacca , Bus to Penang , Bus to KL and Bus to Genting after using our services .
Regardless of your company 's needs , we provide affordable bundled services that feature everything you need to increase your sales and productivity , while leaving out all the services that are n't right for your business .
Most importantly , every service we offer allows you to choose exactly how you want calls answered , messages transmitted or sales completed .
With the help of your personal account manager , you can build the most powerful , most affordable tool for the future of your business .
When word circulated that Mr. Duncan planned to visit Kings Collegiate Charter School in Brownsville and Public School 65 in East New York , Randi Weingarten , the former head of the city ’s teachers union , who is now president of the American Federation of Teachers , called him to express her disapproval .
The principal of P.S. 65 , Daysi Garcia , is one of only a few principals who have managed to have a teacher fired for incompetence .
Several teachers have left since she took over several years ago , in part , union officials said , because they felt Ms. Garcia had treated them disrespectfully .
So at the union ’s request , Mr. Duncan ’s aides added a third school , Public School 214 in East New York , to his itinerary .
And it was there that he stood with Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg , pleading with Congress to pass legislation that he said would save thousands of teaching jobs .
Mr. Bloomberg echoed the plea but focused his demand on the Assembly , calling on the Democrats there to raise the cap on charter schools .
“ A number of reform ideas are under consideration by the State Legislature , and while I can’t talk about the specifics of any of them , I can say we share many of the underlying values they propose , ” Mr. Duncan said .
“ The president has called on states to allow good charter schools to flourish while ensuring that there is real and equal accountability . ”
As Mr. Duncan spoke at P.S. 241 , he was flanked by Michael Mulgrew , the president of the United Federation of Teachers , on his far left and Lauren Harris , the principal of Kings Collegiate , on his far right .
Neither of the two spoke during the news conference , but their supporters were battling from the sidelines .
First Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 DLC Hits PC , PlayStation 3 in Early May
No word yet as to if the PC and PlayStation 3 DLC will carry the $ 15 price point of the Xbox 360 release , though given the pack 's sales success , it seems likely .
Developer Infinity
Ward is currently working on a second add - on for the game , which will again premiere first on Xbox 360 before eventually making its way to the other platforms .
Norman engineer has own idea about how to stop Gulf oil leak
Henry Crichlow seems to be having a hard time getting anyone in the Gulf of Mexico to listen to him .
Crichlow , the former head of the departments of petroleum , natural gas and geological engineering at the University of Oklahoma , has more than 40 years of industry experience .
Crichlow , who now works as a consultant , insists there is a relatively simple way to plug the leak flooding the Gulf with oil since a drilling rig exploded last month and sank .
Crews should use shaped explosive charges to cut the riser about 20 feet above the wellhead , Crichlow said .
That will give workers a clean stub , to which they can attach an adapter that can be used to choke off the flow of oil as much as possible .
" You can make this thing work , ” he said .
No reply from BP
Crichlow submitted his idea to BP , the company responsible for the well , but he has n’t gotten anything beyond an electronic verification his submission was received .
Deepwater Horizon Unified Command , the combined site of the companies involved in the cleanup , accepts submissions online on how to stop the flow of oil , recover it or clean it up .
" All proposals are reviewed for technical feasibility and application .
Given the volume of proposals , this may take some time , ” according to the website .
" A reply will be sent via e-mail or fax to each caller informing them of the technical review outcome . ”
Crichlow said he did not fill out the forms online , but he has sent his solution to as many people as possible , drawing on a lifetime ’s worth of contacts in the oil and gas industry .
He said crews working in the Gulf seem to be attacking the problem the wrong way , based on what ’s been reported .
" They ’re nibbling at the fringe of the problem , ” Crichlow said .
Multiple leaks
News reports indicate there are at least three leaks in the undersea well , but crews only seem to be fighting one of them , Crichlow said .
He said his solution has been tested repeatedly in Kuwait , where he developed contingency and blowout plans in 1991 .
Dealing with more than 700 burning wells taught Crichlow a lot that could be applied in the Gulf .
" It is actually easier to do undersea , ” he said .
Crichlow also did some calculations on the flow of oil from the underwater well , concluding about 26,000 barrels a day was spewing from the site .
That is much lower than the 75,000 barrels a day that has been estimated by BP officials .
psDooM ( aka : DooM for Sys A's )
Synopsis :
psDooM is a process monitor and manager for * nix systems .
It could be considered a graphical interface to the ' ps ' , ' renice ' , and ' kill ' commands .
psDooM is based on XDoom , which is based on id Software 's ' Doom ' .
History :
When id Software released the source code to Doom in December 1997 , eager programmers spawned many new versions of Doom with new features .
XDoom by Udo Munk is one such version .
Not only does it have some advanced functionality , it runs on several different computer platforms .
id Software eventually re-released the Doom source under the GNU General Public Licence instead of the more restrictive non-commercial licence it was originally licenced under .
At the University of New Mexico , Dennis Chao took the GPL'd sources of XDoom and modified them to create a proof - of - concept program for the web page " Doom as a tool for system administration " .
He added code so that processes running on the system would be instantiated as monsters , and wounding and killing them corresponds to renicing and killing the processes .
After reading a story on Slashdot about Dennis ' project and visiting the UNM site , David Koppenhofer decided to take a look at the program and possibly enhance and customize it as Dennis suggested on his web page .
psDooM was born .
Goals :
Continue to add functionality to the process manager , such as the ability to send various kill signals and a way to shut down the machine cleanly from the program .
Add networking support so multiple admins can work the machine at the same time and / or remotely administer a machine .
Everything else in the TODO file .
Possibly make other interfaces besides one to ' ps ' , such as a file management module .
Make psDooM the de-facto standard for graphical process manipulation on the * nix platform . :-)
Description :
Please note that this information applies to the latest release of psDooM , whether it is a full release or development snapshot .
Older releases may have different behavior than what is described here .
Consult the CHANGELOG for details of version differences .
As stated above , psDooM is a process monitor and manager for * nix systems .
While psDooM is not as full - featured as some other process utilities , it is certainly functional for many tasks .
Additionally , it has a unique ( and quite possibly familiar ) user interface : Doom .
Since psDooM is based on XDoom 's codebase , psDooM can do anything that XDoom can , with a few cavaets :
Demos recorded with psDooM have not been tested for compatability with XDoom and other Doom ports .
Save games are n't compatable with XDoom ( and probably other Doom ports ) .
Netgames wo n't work on levels that have processes spawned on them , due to consistancy check errors .
Netgames on levels without monsters representing processes should work , but this is untested as well .
psDooM can monitor processes with shareware Doom 1 , registered Doom 1 , Ultimate Doom , or Doom 2 . ' Plutonia Experiment ' and ' TNT - Evilution ' will run , but no process monitoring will be done .
The first level ( either E1M1 or MAP01 ) , and only the first level , will contain monsters that represent processes currently running on the machine ( ' pid monsters ' ) .
The machine 's process list is checked at regular intervals .
Processes that are new since the last check are spawned as new monsters , while processes no longer running on the machine are removed from the level .
Process monitoring is not done if the user is on a level other than the first one or while recording / playing a demo .
A ' pid monster ' is identified by the text ' floating ' in front of it .
This text denotes its process id number and the last 7 characters of the process name .
The text is not shown if the monster is too far away from the player or too close to the edge of the screen .
Wounding a ' pid monster ' corresponds to executing a ' renice +5 ' on the associated process .
Killing a ' pid monster ' sends a ' kill - 9 ' to the associated process .
Since the renice and kill actions are done by a system call , they are governed by the permissions of the user running psDooM .
For example , if a normal user , ' jschmoe ' , kills a ' pid monster ' whose real process is owned by ' jdoe ' , nothing would happen to the underlying process on the machine because jschmoe does n't have the rights to alter jdoe 's processes .
The ' pid monster ' that jschmoe killed will be resurrected in psDooM during the next process check .
The resurrection denotes that the process on the machine never really went away ; its Doom representation was only temporarily stopped from moving around .
In the original implementation of the program , ' pid monsters ' could be killed not only by the program 's user , but also by other ' pid monsters ' and normal Doom monsters on the level .
The reasoning behind this behavior was that " on very heavily - loaded machines , it is not uncommon for the OS to kill random processes . "
Unfortunately , the number of monsters in a given area must be depressingly small in order for them to avoid both intentional infighting and friendly fire .
Since monsters would tend to kill each other off until only a few remained in the area , the user was severely hampered in the ability to orderly control processes on the machine .
Therefore , the default behavior of psDooM is to ensure the player is the only character in the game who can wound and kill ' pid monsters ' .
This avoids accidental process deaths from monster infighting .
Unfortunately , it does n't prevent accidental process deaths from a user 's poor aim . ;-}
The original behavior of ' pid monsters ' being as vunerable as other monsters may be enabled with a command line flag .
The ' pid monster ' locations depend on what version of Doom is used and whether the custom process management levels are loaded .
Only registered Doom , Ultimite Doom , and Doom 2 may use the custom levels , as they contain items and textures not in the shareware version .
Locations of the ' pid monsters ' within the levels are as follows :
For shareware Doom 1 , and registered Doom 1 or Ultimite Doom without the custom level :
psDooM spawns the ' pid monsters ' in the ' hidden ' courtyard on E1M1 .
To get there , go through the room with the zig - zag floor with poison around it and open the miscolored wall on the right , before the door to leave that room .
psDooM spawns the ' pid monsters ' in the ' hidden ' courtyard on E1M1 .
To get there , go through the room with the zig - zag floor with poison around it and open the miscolored wall on the right , before the door to leave that room .
For Doom 2 without the custom level :
psDooM spawns the ' pid monsters ' in the ' hidden ' courtyard on MAP01 .
To get there , activate the switch to ( and get on ) the lift in the room before the exit .
Then , once the lift raises , activate the rear wall and walk into that secret alcove .
When you leave the lift , a door to the courtyard will have opened on the right side of the room , past the window on the right .
psDooM spawns the ' pid monsters ' in the ' hidden ' courtyard on MAP01 .
To get there , activate the switch to ( and get on ) the lift in the room before the exit .
Then , once the lift raises , activate the rear wall and walk into that secret alcove .
When you leave the lift , a door to the courtyard will have opened on the right side of the room , past the window on the right .
For the custom levels :
psDooM spawns the administrator in a room with equiptment and weapons .
The switch in the middle of the room exits the level , and the three doors lead to rooms containing ' pid monsters ' .
psDooM is somewhat flexible , as the user has several options to modify its behavoir .
The user can tell psDooM to show only certain user (s ) processes .
If no usernames are specified , psDooM uses sensible defaults .
Process monitoring can be entirely disabled .
This is handy if one wants to play an E1M1 or MAP01 level that is n't set up for process monitoring .
The system calls to ' renice ' and ' kill ' when ' pid monsters ' are wounded and killed can be suppressed .
This is good if one only wants to monitor processes , not manage them .
A ' - nomonsters ' that is persistant across new games and level warps may be enabled .
Note that ' pid monsters ' are not affected by ' - nomonsters '.
Just disable process monitoring altogether if you do n't want them to show up .
' that is persistant across new games and level warps may be enabled .
Note that ' pid monsters ' are not affected by ' '.
Just disable process monitoring altogether if you do n't want them to show up .
Item respawning , as in ' - altdeath ' , may be enabled for normal gameplay .
Really handy to keep those naughty ' pid monsters ' in line .
The XDoom distribution includes a graphical front - end to xdoom , called xdlaunch .
It allows the user to specify XDoom command line flags by clicking option boxes and using dropdown lists .
This utility has been renamed to ps-xdlaunch and modified to run psDooM .
Also , a place in the front - end was added so a user can manually type additional command line flags to pass to ps-xdoom .
psDooM-specific options can be shown by pressing a button in ps-xdlaunch .
This utility requires TCL / TK .
Disclaimer :
I will not assume any liability for damage caused from running this code .
Especially if you are running it as root .
In fact , we both know that this will cause damage to the system , and that 's why you want to try it .
You have been warned .
From the GNU GPL :
NO WARRANTY 11 .
BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE , THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM , TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW .
EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND /OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM " AS IS " WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED , INCLUDING , BUT NOT LIMITED TO , THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE .
THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU .
SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE , YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING , REPAIR OR CORRECTION .
12 . IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER , OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND / OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE , BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES , INCLUDING ANY GENERAL , SPECIAL , INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM ( INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS ) , EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES .
Problem Reports :
If psDooM wo n't compile for you , please see the note about A Common Compilation Error
If you find a problem with psDooM , you could e-mail me about it .
You could also go to the psDooM SourceForge Project Page and use the facilities there ( like ' bug report ' , ' support request ' , etc ) .
Before you do so , please be sure that it is a psDooM problem rather than an XDoom issue .
The easiest way to tell the difference is to run XDoom with the same level and options ( if at all possible ) .
If the problem occurs there as well , it 's XDoom 's fault , not psDooM 's .
Obviously , if the problem involves any of the psDooM - specific command line flags or ' pid monsters ' , it is a psDooM - related issue . :-)
I cannot guarantee that I can solve your problem .
I 'm doing this in my spare time for the fun of it ; this software is provided on AS IS basis .
Copyright © 2000 David Koppenhofer
On Today this morning , Ann Curry talked to Elle editor - in - chief Robbie Myers about " curves " making a " comeback . "
Myers mentioned the Louis Vuitton show with " curvy " models , and said : " Elle Macpherson …
She is not a skinny girl . "
Beg your pardon ?
Advertisement
Just FYI , here is Elle Macpherson in August 2009 :
Advertisement
And here is Elle Macpherson in February 2010 :
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
And here is Elle Macpherson on the runway at the Louis Vuitton show in March .
Advertisement
Let 's keep in mind that the camera adds 10 lbs .
Statuesque ?
Yes .
Tall ?
Yes .
" Not skinny ? "
Not the words that come to mind .
And if those are the first words you think of , then is n't your perspective skewed by the fashion editorials and ads we 're inundated with ( in magazines like Elle ) ?
Advertisement
In any case , Myers claimed that according to a study , " average women are not actually inspired to look at women who look like them . "
She continued : " In fact , they respond more to women who are a little bit above average …
There is something always aspirational . "
And : " Look , the average woman is 5 ' 3 " and weights 160 lbs .
You 're not gonna see a lot of that on the runways or in movies . "
A hint of condescension was evident — the " average " woman is not dreamy enough for a place in popular culture .
In addition , Myers described Gabourey Sidibe as " fascinating , " and an " interesting case , " but made sure to say : " obesity 's not good for anybody . "
Advertisement
Earlier on the show , Glamour editor Cindi Leive appeared with Crystal Renn to talk about using more " curvy " models , and how , while a plus - size model is larger than a straight - size model , she is still smaller than the " average " American woman .
But something Ann Curry said during the segment with Myers really made sense :
She asked , " When people start talking about body trends , my reaction is , why do we need to have one ?
… Why ca n't we have variety ? "
Good question !
And it seems like , since there 's such buzz around " curvy " and " plus - size " models lately , the answer is we can have variety , if we keep pushing for it .
Advertisement
Earlier : The " Return Of Curvy " Means Boobs , Nothing More
Cichlids evolved their fat lips in 100 generations ( Image : Axel Meyer )
Fish in a remote crater lake in Nicaragua are splitting into separate species at breakneck speed .
It has taken the lake cichlids just 100 generations and as many years to evolve an entirely new physical feature : very fat lips .
Most estimates of how fast species evolve new features are based on models , which generally indicate that it could take up to 10,000 generations .
Some models suggest just tens of generations are enough , but such rapid change has never been documented before .
Axel Meyer at the University of Konstanz in Germany and his team say the fat - lipped fish occupy a different ecological niche from their thin - lipped cousins , despite living in the same lake , which fills a volcanic crater formed 1800 years ago .
They do n’t eat the same diet and observations of captive fish in a tank suggest they avoid mating with each other – though lab experiments show they can still interbreed .
Meyer says the fact that if they avoid mating with each other in the wild , as seems likely , they are well on the way to becoming separate species .
Advertisement
The new variety have narrower , pointy heads , ideal for nibbling insects and larvae from crevices in the volcanic rock , and fat lips to cushion their ventures into the sharp crags .
The thin - lipped variety have sturdier jaws and extra teeth to crack the shells of the snails they feed on .
“ When scientists catch incipient species in the process of divergence , it is important , because it is difficult to catch the process in action , ” says Todd Streelman of the Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta , who also studies cichlid evolution .
“ This new work nicely matches theories developed in the 1990s suggesting that species could develop rapidly even when they share the same environment . ”
Journal reference : BMC Biology , vol 8 , p 60
Doctor
Who is a long - running television program produced by the BBC about a mysterious time - travelling adventurer known only as " The Doctor " , a Time Lord from the planet of Gallifrey , who explores time and space with various companions ( primarily human females ) in his TARDIS .
It is currently the longest - running science - fiction series broadcast on television , spanning twenty - six years on its original run , and 14 actors have headlined the series as the Doctor .
As a complete list of quotations from all eras of the show is too large to be contained on one page , this article has been split into subarticles , with quotations organised by which actor was portraying the Doctor at the time the episode was originally broadcast .
Quotations about the programme [ edit ]
Doctor
Who is a is a fairytale , with fairytale logic about this wonderful man in this big blue box who at the beginning of every story lands somewhere where there is a problem .
~ Neil Gaiman
He 's just really unlikely as a hero — which makes him so brilliant , I think , because he 's like this mad professor .
~ Karen Gillan
What would be the point of having this job if I did n't get to make up some of the maddest possible scenes I 've ever had in my head since I was a kid ?
~ Steven Moffat
Alphabetized by author
Because it 's the best idea ever invented in the history of the world !
Russell T. Davies , responding to the question , " Why do you think people love Doctor Who so much ? " on BBC Wales Today ( 20 July 2004 )
I would have loved to have done a Star Trek crossover .
The very first year , we talked about it .
Then Star Trek finally went off air .
Landing the Tardis on board the Enterprise would have been magnificent .
Can you imagine what their script department would have wanted , and what I would have wanted ?
It would have been the biggest battle .
Russell T Davies " David Tennant " , team - tennant.com
Doctor
Who has never pretended to be hard science fiction …
At best Doctor Who is a fairytale , with fairytale logic about this wonderful man in this big blue box who at the beginning of every story lands somewhere where there is a problem .
Neil Gaiman , as quoted in " Neil Gaiman reveals power of writing Doctor Who " by Tim Masters at BBC News ( 24 May 2010 )
has never pretended to be hard science fiction …
At best is a fairytale , with fairytale logic about this wonderful man in this big blue box who at the beginning of every story lands somewhere where there is a problem .
No , look , there 's a blue box .
It 's bigger on the inside than it is on the outside .
It can go anywhere in time and space and sometimes even where it 's meant to go .
And when it turns up , there 's a bloke in it called The Doctor and there will be stuff wrong and he will do his best to sort it out and he will probably succeed cos he ’s awesome .
Now sit down , shut up , and watch ‘ Blink ’. Neil Gaiman
" If This is Sunday Than I Must be at Home " journal.neilgaiman.com , April 7 , 2011 .
’.
He 's just really unlikely as a hero — which makes him so brilliant , I think , because he 's like this mad professor .
Karen Gillan , in Doctor Who Rewind ( 2011 ) by BBC America
When Russell T Davies relaunched the show in 2005 , I watched it from the start .
I thought it was fantastic .
If there 's any secret to its resurgence , it 's due to the show 's complete lack of cynicism .
Both Davies and Steven Moffat are lifelong Doctor Who fans and the love shines through every episode .
Peter Jackson , in " Lord of the Whovians " in Entertainment Weekly ( 29 March 2013 ) , p. 37
Both Davies and Steven Moffat are lifelong fans and the love shines through every episode .
Last year Matt Smith was asked by a Kiwi journailist if they would ever film an episode in New Zealand , and he said , " Yes , and we can get Peter Jackson to direct it . "
The newspaper contacted me for comment and I said " Great , just name a time and place and I 'll be there . "
I suspect Steven Moffat thinks I 'm joking , but I saw him at Christmas and I assured him I 'm not .
They do n't even have to pay me — but I have got my eye on one of those nice new gold - colored Daleks .
They must have a spare one ( hint , hint ) .
Peter Jackson , in " Lord of the Whovians " in Entertainment Weekly ( 29 March 2013 ) , p. 37
They must have a spare one ( hint , hint ) .
In their book - length analysis of Doctor Who , John Tulloch and Manuel Alvarado characterize the political outlook of the program as consistent with the BBC 's particular brand of political neutrality : skeptical , aggressive , quizzical , and amused towards all forms of political power .
In Doctor Who the attitude gets further flavored by the Doctors " Romantic " hero mystique .
This characteristic allows him to adopt a " liberal - populist role in criticizing ' sectionalist ' forces of ' Left ' and ' Right , ' and in rebuking the ' official ' and the powerful , whether in big business , the military , government or ' militant ' unions . " …
The political form that most resembles these critiques is liberal democracy , which places sovereignty in the hands of the people .
David Layton , referring to Doctor Who : The Unfolding Text ( 1984 ) by John Tulloch and Manuel Alvarado , in The Humanism of Doctor Who : A Critical Study in Science Fiction and Philosophy ( 2012 ) , Ch. 10 : Politics
In the attitude gets further flavored by the Doctors " Romantic " hero mystique .
This characteristic allows him to adopt a " liberal - populist role in criticizing ' sectionalist ' forces of ' Left ' and ' Right , ' and in rebuking the ' official ' and the powerful , whether in big business , the military , government or ' militant ' unions . " …
The political form that most resembles these critiques is liberal democracy , which places sovereignty in the hands of the people .
What would be the point of having this job if I did n't get to make up some of the maddest possible scenes I 've ever had in my head since I was a kid ?
For him to stand there and take the mickey out of all those monsters — is just hugely exciting .
Steven Moffat , on The Doctor confronting his enemies in The Pandorica Opens , in an interview in Doctor Who Rewind ( 2011 ) by BBC America
A lot of our heroes depress me .
But you know , when they made this particular hero , they did n't give him a gun , they gave him a screwdriver to fix things .
They did n't give him a tank or a warship or an X - wing fighter , they gave him a call box from which you can call for help .
And they did n't give him a superpower or pointy ears or a heat ray ... they gave him two hearts .
And that 's an extraordinary thing .
There will never come a time when we do n't need a hero like the Doctor .
Steven Moffat , on The Doctor on the Eleventh Hour Panel at the Doctor Who Celebration ( 24 November 2013 )
They did n't give him a tank or a warship or an X - wing fighter , they gave him a call box from which you can call for help .
And they did n't give him a superpower or pointy ears or a heat ray ... they gave him two hearts .
And that 's an extraordinary thing .
At a later stage , Dr Who would be metamorphosed into a woman .
Do n’t you agree that this is considerably more worthy of the BBC than Doctor Who ’s presently largely socially valueless , escapist schlock ?
This requires some considerable thought – mainly because I want to avoid a flashy Hollywood ‘ Wonder Woman ’ because this kind of hero ( ine ) has no flaws – and a character with no flaws is a bore .
Sydney Newman " Doctor Who Creator Sydney Newman Wanted a Female Doctor " , Barry Rice , DoctorWhoWatch.com , 2015 .
He 's this sort of harborer of good and fun and madness , and he's the cleverest man in the universe — and the silliest man in the universe .
Matt Smith , in Doctor Who Rewind ( 2011 ) by BBC America
Because it ’s got that cross-generational appeal , which few other things have .
It ’s not a working - class thing , it ’s not a middle - class thing .
The competition winner from Doctor Who magazine was on set today , a 15 - year - old girl .
When I was a kid , 15 - year - old girls did n’t watch Doctor Who .
David Tennant " David Tennant " , team - tennant.com .
Here in two flat sentences are the best things I can say about our field [ science fiction ] on American television : Dr. Who is sometimes aired .
Sometimes Battlestar Galactica is not .
Gene Wolfe , Aussiecon Two ( 43rd World Science Fiction Convention ) Guest of Honor speech ( August 1985 ) , as published in Gene Wolfe , Castle of Days ( 1992 )
is sometimes aired .
Sometimes is not .
The Doctor is the main character of the television show Doctor Who .
Although bearing remarkably human - like features , he is a Gallifreyan Time Lord — one of a mysterious alien race that has mastered time travel .
The Doctor occasionally regenerates into a new form , allowing a new actor to step into the role .
For clarity 's sake , quotes from the show are listed by Doctor on the following subpages .
The Master
Prisoner Zero
Rassilon
The Reapers
Restac / Alaya
The Silence
The Slitheen
Sontarans
The Weed
The Weeping Angels
The Krafayis
Writers [ edit ]
See also the WIkipedia List of Doctor Who writers for authors who have written episodes of Doctor Who
Actors [ edit ]
See also the Wikipedia List of Doctor Who cast members for actors for whom pages could be created here .
Taglines [ edit ]
He 's back ... and it 's about time .
( Doctor Who : The Movie )
) The Trip Of A Lifetime !
( new series , Series 1 )
" Something 's Coming ... " ( The Christmas Invasion )
) Think you 've seen it all ?
Think again ... ( Series 2 )
" When Two Worlds Collide , Anything Can Happen ... " ( Series 3 )
The End Is Just The Beginning ( Series 5 )
Time Can Be Rewritten ( A Christmas Carol )
) Trust Your Doctor ( Series 6 , BBC America )
Silence Will Fall ( Series 6 : Part 1 )
Time Runs Out ( Let 's Kill Hitler )
) His Secrets Revealed ( The Name of the Doctor )
) Save the Day ( The Day of the Doctor )
) A change is going to come ... ( The Time of the Doctor )
) Do n't Blink ( " Blink " )
It 's Time You Knew Him ( Series 8 )
It 's a routine declaration of the Oakland City Council , but yeah , it 's kind of funny too .
The City of Oakland is set to renew its declaration of a “ local public health emergency ” stemming from a local lack of medicinal cannabis .
Oakland official Barbara Parker says the proclamation was originally issued in 1998 .
It effectively means nothing , but it does buttress Oakland city policies like permitting medical cannabis dispensaries , and ordering Oakland Police to effectively ignore pot offenses .
Parker said the city originally issued the declaration because federal and state law enforcers were busting local growers and cancer patients .
That threat of imprisonment persists to this day .
The declaration says people could die due to lack of cannabis , so it 's cause for Oakland to continue the declaration .
The fine print of the declaration basically states that the people of California and the City of Oakland have voted for legal medicinal cannabis , because it helps the sick , hurting and dying .
The sick and dying have such a need that the city of Oakland itself has tried help them get the plant .
But the United States has blocked Oakland 's efforts , sent the sick into the streets to get their medicine and perpetuated their suffering .
As long the DEA can ruin a person 's life for providing or taking a medicine , Oakland has a public health emergency on its hands .
The declaration finds that people could die due to federal policy , and federal authorities should stop obstructing and harassing the city .
The Oakland City Council is expected to quickly pass the declaration at their scheduled meeting next week .
Download a copy of the ' Resolution Renewing the City Council 's Declaration of a Local Public Health Emergency With Respect To Safe , Affordable Access to Medical Cannabis In the City of Oakland ' .
2ND UPDATE 9:00 PM : Informed sources now tell me the off - network TV rights to The Big Bang Theory went for a record even bigger than first thought : $ 2 + M per episode .
The breakdown is TBS paying over $ 1.5 M and Fox broadcast stations over $ 500 K .
What a huge haul for Warner Bros Domestic TV Distribution .
UPDATE 5:00 PM : I ’ve just learned that The Big Bang Theory ‘s off - network syndication rights sold for a record $ 1.5 million an episode .
( Warner Bros will not confirm this figure . )
That shatters the previous record of $ 1 M for a sitcom cable sale fetched by Seinfeld in its first deal with TBS .
Last night , bidding was fierce until the bitter end : TBS vs FX on the cable net side , and Fox vs Tribune on the broadcast stations side .
USA never tossed its hat into the ring despite saying privately it intended to go after the top - rated sitcom in a big way .
And , surprisingly , Viacom ’s MTV did enter the fray ( not , as expected , Comedy Central ) — but stopped bidding shy of $ 1 M an episode .
12 PM : Fall 2011 is when Warner Bros ’
The Big Bang Theory will hit TV syndication as a weekday strip on both TBS and Fox Television Stations simultaneously in what I ’ve learned is a record - setting sale .
( UPDATE : The Warner Bros Domestic Television Distribution news release is below . )
Deadline ’s Nellie Andreeva already reported that the sitcom was headed to TBS ( Syndication Bids In For ‘ Big Bang Theory ’ ) and that the cable net would share the show with broadcast stations .
The Fox - owned stations have acquired the exclusive off - network broadcast television rights in the following 10 markets : New York , Los Angeles , Chicago , Dallas , Washington , DC , Houston , Phoenix , Miami Minneapolis , Orlando and Baltimore .
I heard that the other broadcast bidder , Tribune , which plays the other big Chuck Lorre Productions ’ sitcom Two and a Half Men along with FX , lost the fierce bidding war for Big Bang Theory .
And , in a sour grapes move , Tribune immediately spun the trades that it had “ passed ” on the top - rated series .
Which is n’t true .
“ Tribune did not pass and did not drop out , ” one of my insiders confirms .
Off - network bids for Big Bang
Theory were due at Warner Bros at 9 AM PT on May 11th .
Bidders knew that , “ Holy shit , this was something special , ” an insider told me .
“ The marketplace kept getting more and more excited about it . ”
And why not since 2009 - 2010 ratings went through the roof for the laugher , the first time in two decades that a 9:30 PM show became the No. 1 sitcom .
The price was expected to pass the $ 1 million record for a sitcom cable sale fetched by Seinfeld in its first deal with TBS .
This week , TBS , FX , USA , and Comedy Central all submitted their offers for Big Bang Theory , along with broadcasters Fox and Tribune .
“ It will be a shocker if TBS does n’t land the show , ” an insider told Andreeva back on May 11th .
Besides being in the Time Warner family , TBS wanted Big Bang as a strong lead - in for the new Conan O’Brien talk show .
I hear Warner Bros Domestic Television Distribution vowed to figure out how best the broadcasters and the cable nets could collaborate .
And , in the end , “ TBS and Fox made the most compelling economic program ” .
1 PM UPDATE : Here ’s the Warner Bros news release :
Quick Facts Essential Facts Interesting Facts USA is the largest supplier of helium .
Like oxygen , helium is colourless , tasteless , and odourless .
This element is the 2nd most plentiful element .
Helium is unreactive and non-flammable .
- 272.2 Celsius is helium ’s melting point .
Scientists first discovered helium in the sun before on earth .
Helium comes from the word Helios which means the Greek sun god .
At temperature near absolute zero , helium can be a solid and a liquid .
Out of all the elements , helium has the lowest boiling point and melting point .
The least dense and second - lightest of all known elements is helium .
Helium atoms are fused to form oxygen , carbon , and silicon .
The Earth ’s atmosphere volume is 0.0005 % helium .
Helium is an atom , and wo n’t combine itself to make molecules .
Ionised helium gas has a reddish - orange glow .
Breathing in too much helium can cause asphyxiation ( being deprived of oxygen ) .
Inhaling helium will make the human voice higher because it is less dense than air .
Premature infants can use helium for breathing help .
We can get most helium through natural gas extraction .
It is monatomic ( consisting of one atom ) under standard conditions .
Helium is a noble gas .
Table of Contents 01
There are other countries which produce helium , apart from USA .
02 Russia is catching up in helium production .
03 Helium in Russia is produced only by one company .
04 Helison Production S.P.A. is the biggest helium company in Algeria .
05 Two of Qatar 's biggest companies merged for helium .
06 Possibility of helium shortage is imminent .
07 There is a short supply of helium on Earth .
08 This is the density of helium .
09 There are much more uses for helium than just for balloons .
10 8 states in the United States produce helium .
11 Joseph Norman Lockyer discovered helium .
12 The discovery date of helium is August 18 , 1868 .
13 Scientists detected helium on Earth in 1881 .
They found it in 1895 .
14 Ernest Rutherford and Thomas Royds demonstrated alpha particles are helium nuclei .
15 The purity of commercial helium is at 99.95 % .
16 Here 's how to produce helium .
17 We can also extract helium found in the air .
18 Helium - 3 is a stable isotope element with more protons and neutrons .
19 Helium - 3 is abundant on the moon .
20 Helium - 4 is a stable isotope of the element helium .
21 Helium - 4 has almost no viscosity at low temperatures .
22 Most of helium in the universe is helium - 4 . 23 Helium contributes 23 % of elemental mass in the universe .
24 Helium has the least density of all noble gases .
25 Medical equipment use liquid helium .
26 Divers use helium for deep diving .
27 A 110 - pound person can be lifted by helium balloons .
28 A new helium gas field was discovered in Tanzania .
29
This is helium 's symbol and atomic number .
30 Inhaling excessive helium is dangerous .
There are other countries which produce helium , apart from USA .
Few countries in the world like Russia , Algeria , and Qatar also contribute to the production of helium outside the United States .
Russia is catching up in helium production .
They have a natural gas field in Kovykta .
It is largest undeveloped natural gas field in Eastern Siberia , Russia .
They also have one in Chayanda .
It is a hydrocarbon resource field of natural gas located in the Lensky District .
Helium in Russia is produced only by one company .
Orenburg Gas Processing
Plant only produce helium in Russia .
It is global energy company that specialises in geological exploration , gas and oil production , storage , and transportation .
Russia has the tools to become a major helium producer in the world .
Read also : More Amazing Chemistry Facts
Helison Production S.P.A. is the biggest helium company in Algeria .
One of the biggest companies in Algeria is Helison Production , a private company in Algiers that focuses on industrial gases .
The company has a plant in Skikda , a city in northeastern Algeria .
It has a production capacity of 16 million cubic meters of helium per year .
But , the plant ’s capacity reduced to 8 million cubic meters per year because of an explosion in 2004 .
Two of Qatar 's biggest companies merged for helium .
Two giant companies in Qatar merged to produce helium .
They are Ras Laffon Helium and Qatargas .
The company has the capacity to make 9 tonnes of helium per day or 700 million standard cubic feet per year .
Possibility of helium shortage is imminent .
In 1982 , there were discussions from many points of view about the possibility of a helium shortage .
Helium is a by - product of natural gas extraction .
Low supply can affect researchers and industrial consumers of helium .
It may also lead to loss of research materials and equipment .
As a result , helium consumers think of better alternatives to lower helium consumption .
There is a short supply of helium on Earth .
The element is superabundant in the outer space .
Stars ’ fusion reaction make this element .
However , the helium on our planet comes from a different process coming from our natural resources .
We might run out of helium within 25 to 50 years because of excessive consumption .
This is the density of helium .
Helium has a density of 0.214±0.006 g/cm3 at 1.15 K and 66 atm .
The projected density at 0 K and 25 bar ( 2.5 MPa ) is 0.187±0.009 g/cm3 .
There are much more uses for helium than just for balloons .
Helium inflates blimps , balloons and is useful for research purposes .
For industrial , it used as an inert shield for arc welding , pressurise fuel tanks of liquid - fueled rockets , and in supersonic wind tunnels .
Read also : 30 Amazing Carbon Facts You Should Not Miss
8 states in the United States produce helium .
All helium that we use came from natural gas .
Most of the helium produced by the United States came from different states such as Arizona , Colorado , Kansas , Texas , Oklahoma , New Mexico , Utah , and Wyoming .
Joseph Norman Lockyer discovered helium .
Lockyer , an amateur astronomer , discovered the first element to be identified outside Earth which is helium .
Norman Locker is born in 1836 in Rugby , England .
He was the only son of a surgeon and apothecary owner .
Together with a French scientist named Pierre Janssen , he is credited with discovering helium .
Lockyer also is known for being the founder and first editor of the influential journal Nature .
The discovery date of helium is August 18 , 1868 .
On August 18 , 1868 , French astronomer Pierre Janssen a bright yellow line with a wavelength of 587.49 nanometres in the spectrum of the chromosphere of the sun .
It is during a solar eclipse in India .
Scientists consider this date to be the date of discovery of helium .
Scientists detected helium on Earth in 1881 .
They found it in 1895 .
In 1881 , physicist Luigi Palmieri detected the presence of helium on earth .
He is also famous for his scientific studies of the eruption of Mt. Vesuvius .
William Ramsay found helium in 1895 .
He is a Scottish chemist who discovered the noble gases .
Ernest Rutherford and Thomas Royds demonstrated alpha particles are helium nuclei .
Rutherford is a New Zealand - born British physicist also known as the father of nuclear physics .
Royds is a Solar physicist who worked with Ernest Rutherford .
They demonstrated that alpha particles are helium nuclei in the year 1907 .
They did this through allowing the particles to penetrate the thin glass wall of an evacuated tube then generating a discharge in the tube .
The purity of commercial helium is at 99.95 % .
For decades , the United States made more than 90 % of commercial helium on the planet .
But , Poland , Russia , and Canada produced 10 % of the market share .
The production of helium between 1930 and 1945 was 98 % pure and only containing 2 % nitrogen which was enough enough for airships .
In 1945 , 99 % of helium produced is for welding and by 1949 , commercial volume of Grade A helium was at 99.95 % purity .
Read also : Top 11 Facts about Neon Discovery Color Uses More
Here 's how to produce helium .
A cryogenic piping system extracts the helium from natural gas .
The natural gas is pressurised and then passed through a sieve .
The scrubbing process will now extract the helium from natural gas and produce crude helium .
The crude helium is then cooled to - 315 degrees Fahrenheit .
After cooling , a series of purification takes place until it becomes pure helium .
We can also extract helium found in the air .
People use the process few and far between .
Making helium by air extraction is more expensive than the traditional process .
However , that can be the last and best option to do once the helium on earth runs out .
Helium - 3 is a stable isotope element with more protons and neutrons .
It is a non-radioactive isotope with two protons and one neutron of helium .
It was discovered in 1939 .
Helium - 3 is a stable isotope element with more protons and neutrons .
Some scientists suggest that this is an ideal fuel for fusion power generation .
Helium - 3 is abundant on the moon .
This isotope may not be that popular our planet yet .
However , studies have shown that there is plenty of helium - 3 on the moon .
The plan to mine helium - 3 from the surface of the moon will represent technological and human advancement .
Also , it will bring extensive advantages for our planet if done responsibly .
Space agencies in India , Russia , and China stated that mining helium - 3 in the moon can be very rewarding for lunar exploration .
Helium - 4 is a stable isotope of the element helium .
An isotope called helium - 4 has two protons and two neutron particles in the nucleus .
Helium - 4 is a stable isotope of the element of helium that makes up 99 % of the earth ’s helium .
One - quarter of the ordinary matter in the universe by mass is made up of helium - 4 . Scientists discovered helium - 4 in the mid-1930s .
Helium - 4 has almost no viscosity at low temperatures .
In 1938 , Russian scientist Pyotr Leonidovich Kapitsa discovered that helium - 4 has almost no viscosity at temperatures near absolute zero .
He called this occurrence superfluidity .
Read also : 30 Nitrogen Facts You Should Not Miss
Most of helium in the universe is helium - 4 . The Big Bang formed most of it .
Nuclear fusion of hydrogen in stars create the most of the new helium .
Helium contributes 23 % of elemental mass in the universe .
Compared to the presence of helium in the whole universe , earth has a limited resource of it and is considered rare .
On the other hand , helium contributes 23 % of the total elemental mass of the universe we know and see .
Helium has the least density of all noble gases .
The 7 noble gases are radon , xenon , argon , oganesson , krypton , neon , and helium .
Out of the 7 elements , helium has the least density .
It is the lightest of all the noble gas family .
Noble gases are all colourless , odourless , tasteless , and non-flammable gases .
First used in the year 1898 by Hugo Erdmann ( German chemist ) , the noble gas is translated from the German noun Edelgas to state their extremely low level of reactivity .
Medical equipment use liquid helium .
In hospitals , they use liquid helium to cool the magnetic coils of MRI scanners to - 227 Celcius .
This enables them to generate brief and intense magnetic fields .
The magnetic fields cause atoms inside the body to reverberate with their own magnetic signatures .
The machine will detect those signatures and create pictures of tissues and internal organs .
Divers use helium for deep diving .
It is a replacement for nitrogen since it is non-toxic .
Nitrox ( nitrogen and oxygen ) can only go up to 121 feet .
But , helium can go up to 984 feet .
A 110 - pound person can be lifted by helium balloons .
While its lifting power is quite low , it can certainly do the job .
3,600 helium balloons can lift a 110 - pound person and float up in the air .
A new helium gas field was discovered in Tanzania .
In the East African Rift Valley region of Tanzania , scientists discovered a big helium gas field .
They suspect that this field is larger than the whole helium reserves of the United States .
Discoveries like this will really ease the global demand for helium .
This is helium 's symbol and atomic number .
The symbol of helium is He .
Its atomic number is 2 in the periodic table .
Helium is the second most ordinary element after hydrogen .
The boiling point of Helium is the lowest among all the elements .
Language in Thought and Action Below is a verbatim excerpt from Language in Thought and Action , by S.I. Hayakawa ( fifth ed. , 1990 , Harcourt Brace & Company , NY , NY ) .
This excerpt is the last several paragraphs of chapter 8 , titled " The Language of Affective Communication . "
Hayakawa begins here by comparing the languages of literature , science , and poetry , and you should read it whether you like it or not .
Literature is the most exact expression of feelings , while science is the most exact kind of reporting .
Poetry , which condenses the affective resources of language into patterns of infinite rhythmical subtlety , may be said to be the language of expression at its highest degree of efficiency .
Symbolic Experience
In a very real sense , then , people who have read good literature have lived more than people who cannot or will not read .
To read Gullivers Travels is to have the experience , with Jonathan Swift , of turning sick at ones stomach at the conduct of the human race ; to read Huckleberry Finn is to feel what it is like to drift down the Mississippi River on a raft ; to read Byron is to suffer with him his rebellions and neuroses and to enjoy with him his nose - thumbing at society ; to read Native Son is to know how it feels to be frustrated in the particular way in which many blacks in Chicago have been frustrated .
This is the great task that affective communication performs : it enables us to feel how others felt about life , even if they lived thousands of miles away and centuries ago .
It is not true that we have only one life to live ; if we can read , we can live as many more lives and as many kinds of lives as we wish .
Here , the reader may object by asking , are we not twisting language somewhat to talk about " living " other lives than one 's own ?
In one sense , the objection is correct ; two different meanings of the word " live " are involved in the expressions " living one 's own life " and " living other people 's lives in books . "
Human life , however , is " lived " at more than one level ; we inhabit both the extensional world and the world of words ( and other symbols ) .
" Living other people 's lives in books " means , as we shall use the expression here , symbolic experience -- sometimes called " vicarious experience . "
In the enjoyment and contemplation of a work of literary or dramatic art -- a novel , a play , a moving picture -- we find our deepest enjoyment when the leading characters in the story to some degree symbolize ourselves .
Watching Meryl Streep venturing out into the veldt in Out of Africa , Jennifer Smith 's pulse quickens , as if she herself were living an adventure -- and symbolically , she is .
In other words , she identifies herself with Meryl Streep and her role in the story .
Sylvester Stallone fighting a villain is watched by thousands of fans who clench their fists as if they were doing the fighting -- which they are , symbolically .
As we identify ourselves with the people in the story , the dramatist or the novelist puts us through organized sequences of symbolic experiences .
The differences between actual and symbolic experiences are great -- one is not scarred by watching a motion - picture battle , nor is one nourished by watching people in a play having dinner .
Furthermore , actual experiences come to us in highly disorganized fashion : meals , arguments with the landlady , visits to the doctor about one 's fallen arches , and so on , interrupt the splendid course of romance .
The novelist , however , abstracts only the events relevant to the story and then organizes them into a meaningful sequence .
This business of abstracting ( selecting ) events and organizing them so that they bear some meaningful relationship to each other and to the central theme of a novel or play constitutes the storyteller 's art .
Plot construction , development of character , narrative structure , climax , denouement , and all the other things one talks about in technical literary criticism have reference to this organizing of symbolic experiences so that the whole complex of symbolic experiences ( that is , the finished story or play ) will have the desired impact on the reader .
All literary and dramatic enjoyment , whether of nursery tales , of films , or of " great literature , " appears to involve to some degree the reader 's imaginative identification of himself with the roles portrayed and his projection of himself into the situations described in the story . *
Whether a reader is able to identify himself with the characters of a story depends both on the maturity of the story and the maturity of the reader .
If a mature reader finds difficulty identifying himself with the hero of a cowboy story , it may be because he finds the hero too simple - minded a character to serve as an acceptable symbol for himself , and the villains and the events too improbable to serve as symbols for his own enemies and his own problems .
* At what age does the capacity for imaginative identification of oneself with the roles portrayed in a story begin ?
I would suggest , on the basis of very limited observation , that it begins around age two or earlier .
An interesting test case is to read the story of the Three Bears to a very small child to see when he or she begins to identify with Baby Bear or with Goldilocks .
However , the simple - mindedness of the people and the improbability of the events of cowboy or detective movies contribute much to their popularity on television .
We live in a complex civilization , in which the vast majority of us lead peaceful , unaggressive lives .
When we are troubled by problems -- when sales fall off or profits decline or our jobs are threatened or shipments do not arrive on time or customers complain -- many , many things may be to blame : manufacturers , wholesalers , the stock market , the labor unions , high taxes , high rentals , the railroads , the government , local zoning regulations , or the problems of communication inevitable in large and complex societies .
As a rule , there is no single villain or group of villains , no one agency , that can be the object of our wrath when things go wrong .
Hence , the world of the television drama is comforting to come home to when the day 's work is done : the " good guys " and the " bad guys " are clearly distinguishable , and all troubles are dissolved in a happy ending when the " bad guys " are defeated or dead after a heroic gunfight or car chase .
One reason for calling some people immature is that they are incapable of confronting defeat , tragedy , or unpleasantness of any kind .
Such persons usually cannot endure an " unhappy ending " even in a set of symbolic experiences .
Hence the widespread passion for happy endings in popular literature , so that even stories about unhappy events have to be made , in the end , to come out all right .
The immature constantly need to be reassured that everything will always come out all right .
Readers who mature as they grow older , however , steadily increase the depth and range and subtlety of their symbolic experiences .
Under the guidance of skilled writers who have accurately observed the world and have been able to organize their observations in significant ways , the mature reader may symbolically experience murder , guilt , religious exaltation , bankruptcy , the loss of friends , the discovery of gold mines or new philosophical principles , or the sense of desolation following a locust invasion in North Dakota .
Each new symbolic experience means the enrichment of the reader 's insight into people and events .
As we progress in our reading , our consciousness widens .
Gradually , the " maps " which we have inside our heads become fuller , more accurate pictures of the actual " territories " of human character and behavior under many different conditions and in many different times .
Gradually , too , our increased insight gives us sympathy with our fellow human beings everywhere .
The pharaohs of Egypt , the Tibetan priest behind his ceremonial mask , the Roman political exile , and the embittered inner-city youth are presented to us by the novelist , the poet , and the playwright , at levels of vivid and intimate description , so that we learn how they lived , what they worried about , and how they felt .
When the lives of other people , of whatever time and place , are examined in this way , we discover to our amazement that they are all people .
This discovery is the basis of all civilized human relationships .
If we remain uncivilized -- whether in community , industrial , national , or international relationships -- it is largely because most of us have not yet made this discovery .
Literature is one of the most important instruments to that end .
Science and Literature
By means of scientific communication , with its international system of weights and measures , international systems of botanical and zoological nomenclature , international mathematical symbols , we are enabled to exchange information with each other , pool our observations , and acquire collective control over our environment .
By means of affective communication -- by conversation and gesture when we can see each other , but by literature and other arts when we cannot -- we come to understand each other , to cease being brutishly suspicious of each other , and gradually to realize the profound community that exists between us and our fellow human beings .
Science , in short , makes us able to cooperate ; the arts enlarge our sympathies so that we become willing to cooperate .
Language in Thought and Action is a book I think you should read .
As I type these words , in January of 1999 , I myself am going through it from start to finish for the third time , which works out to roughly once every decade , which seems about right .
When are you going to get started ?
Update of October 2009 : I found this book hiding in my closet and am now reading it a fourth time , so I 'm on schedule .
It 's available on AMAZON , and you can read my 1998 review therefor HERE .
Click the Previous link below to go back
where you probably came from .
Buy Language in Thought and Action by S.I. Hayakawa from Amazon HERE .
Read my review HERE .
Or just borrow it from a library .
ROME —
The longest - serving bishop in Belgium resigned Friday after admitting to sexually abusing “ a boy in my close entourage ” many years ago , becoming the latest cleric to quit in a spreading abuse scandal .
The development added to a corrosive catalog of disclosures that has damaged the credibility of the Roman Catholic Church and shaken the trust of many believers in their spiritual leaders .
In a statement issued by the Vatican on Friday , Roger Vangheluwe , 73 , the bishop of Bruges since 1985 , said that the abuse had occurred “ when I was still a simple priest and for a while when I began as a bishop . ”
Image Roger Vangheluwe , Belgium ’s longest serving bishop has stepped down after admitting to sexually abusing a young boy about 25 years ago .
Credit ...
Peter Maenhoudt / Associated Press
“ This has marked the victim forever , ” he said .
The bishop said that he had asked the victim and his family several times to forgive him , but that the wound had not healed , “ neither in me nor the victim . ”
A recent media storm merely deepened the trauma , he said .
“ I am profoundly sorry , ” he said .
We ’ve covered a few underwater autonomous robots designed to make exploring the murky depths easier here on Gizmag , such as Snookie and the Talisman , but none that can generate its own power – until now .
NASA , US Navy and university researchers have successfully demonstrated the first underwater vehicle to be powered entirely by natural , renewable , ocean thermal energy .
Scalable for use on most robotic oceanographic vehicles , this technological breakthrough could usher in a new generation of autonomous underwater vehicles capable of virtually indefinite ocean monitoring for climate and marine animal studies , exploration and surveillance .
The Sounding Oceanographic Lagrangrian Observer Thermal RECharging ( SOLO - TREC ) autonomous underwater vehicle uses a novel thermal recharging engine powered by the natural temperature differences found at different ocean depths .
How it works
SOLO - TREC draws upon the ocean 's thermal energy as it alternately encounters warm surface water and colder conditions at depth .
Keys to its operation are the carefully selected waxy substances known as phase - change materials that are contained in ten external tubes , which house enough material to allow net power generation .
As the vehicle surfaces and encounters warm temperatures , the material melts and expands ; when it dives and enters cooler waters , the material solidifies and contracts .
The expansion of the wax pressurizes oil stored inside the float .
This oil periodically drives a hydraulic motor that generates electricity and recharges the vehicle 's batteries .
Energy from the rechargeable batteries powers the float 's hydraulic system , which changes the float 's volume ( and hence buoyancy ) , allowing it to move vertically .
Ocean Testing
The 84kg ( 183lbs ) SOLO - TREC prototype was tested and deployed by researchers at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , California ; and the Scripps Institution of Oceanography , University of California , San Diego on November 30 , 2009 , about 161 km ( 100 miles ) southwest of Honolulu .
They completed the first three months of an ocean endurance test of the prototype vehicle off the coast of Hawaii in March .
Plot map of the path of the SOLO - TREC autonomous underwater vehicle since its deployment south of Hawaii on November 30 , 2009 ( Image : NASA / JPL / SIO / NOAA / US Navy / NGA / GEBCO / Google )
So far , SOLO - TREC has completed more than 300 dives from the ocean surface to a depth of 500 m ( 1,640ft ) .
Its thermal recharging engine produced about 1.7 watt - hours , or 6,100 joules , of energy per dive , enough electricity to operate the vehicle 's science instruments , GPS receiver , communications device and buoyancy - control pump .
" People have long dreamed of a machine that produces more energy than it consumes and runs indefinitely , " said Jack Jones , a JPL principal engineer and SOLO - TREC co-principal investigator .
" While not a true perpetual motion machine , since we actually consume some environmental energy , the prototype system demonstrated by JPL and its partners can continuously monitor the ocean without a limit on its lifetime imposed by energy supply . "
" Energy harvesting from the natural environment opens the door for a tremendous expansion in the use of autonomous systems for naval and civilian applications , " said Thomas Swean , the Office of Naval Research program manager for SOLO - TREC .
" This is particularly true for systems that spend most of their time submerged below the sea surface , where mechanisms for converting energy are not as readily available .
The JPL / Scripps concept is unique in that its stored energy gets renewed naturally as the platform traverses ocean thermal gradients , so , in theory , the system has unlimited range and endurance .
This is a very significant advance . "
SOLO - TREC is now in an extended mission with the JPL / Scripps team planning to operate SOLO - TREC for many more months , if not years .
The public can even keep tabs on SOLO - TREC 's travels via an online map .
" The present thermal engine shows great promise in harvesting ocean thermal energy , " said Russ Davis , a Scripps oceanographer .
" With further engineering refinement , SOLO - TREC has the potential to augment ocean monitoring currently done by the 3,200 battery - powered Argo floats . "
The international Argo array measures temperature , salinity and velocity across the world 's ocean .
NASA and the US Navy also plans to apply this thermal recharging technology to the next generation of submersible vehicles .
You can have all the intrigue and plot twists you want , it ’s not going to amount to anything without genuine characters and interaction .
Good Pro-Life News From Across The Nation And Much More – Today we are going to hear some great news .
A Kentucky photographer wins the right to choose what pictures she takes , hear some excellent pro-life news and more ! ... See MoreSee Less
Video
My name is Rumi .
I was named after the 13th century , mystical poet , Rumi , but there is nothing zen or calm about me !
I am a big goofball and have huge paws !
The vet thinks I 'm going to e 90 pounds when I 'm full grown .
I love chasing my tail and my big brother , Apollo .
And , my mom owns a dog treat business ,
Austin , Texas ( CNN ) -- Lisa
Alexander woke up early on February 18 , the same way she does every morning .
" My alarm usually goes off at 4:30 , 4:45 , " she said .
" I lay in the bed and kind of plan out my day . "
She had no idea that her life was about to be targeted by a man with a vendetta against the government .
She got up , woke up her son and headed to work at the IRS offices in Austin .
" The first thing I do is get in , organize my desk and wipe it down ... fire up my computer and tell everybody good morning , " Alexander said .
" Before I know it , the building kind of went to the left and came back ...
" I thought it was an earthquake . "
It was n't .
Just a few minutes before 10 a.m. , a single - engine Piper Cherokee PA - 28 crashed into the multistory building where Alexander worked .
" It was like an explosion , " she said .
" The windows started breaking out and the tiles started falling from the ceiling , and then it was dark . "
Alexander said she went to check on her co-workers , and they headed for the nearest door .
" As we open the door , this ' poof ' sound comes in as if it were a flame or something behind it , " she said .
" So we immediately shut the door and we smelled that smell , it was probably jet fuel . "
They closed the door and stood there , trying to figure out how to escape .
" The first thing that crossed my mind is I 'm not going to see my son anymore , " Alexander said .
A few blocks away , Robin DeHaven was driving his truck on his way to install windows when he spotted something strange in the sky .
" I looked on the horizon and I just saw a little dot and ...
I 'm staring at it like , ' What is this ?
It does n't look like a bird or anything . ' " DeHaven said .
" And I realized it was a plane . "
Realizing there was no airport around for miles , he figured the pilot must be having problems .
" When I saw it disappear , within seconds I saw a big plume of black smoke , " he said .
" I exited the highway , and I saw that all this smoke was coming from this building .
All I saw was all the shattered glass and all the smoke coming out , and I thought , ' Oh jeez , he hit a building . ' "
Authorities say they believe the pilot , Joe Stack , had ripped seats out of the small plane and put in a drum of fuel to cause maximum damage .
Stack allegedly set fire to his $ 230,000 home in Austin before embarking on his fatal flight .
Read Stack 's apparent suicide note ( PDF )
Investigators believe Stack targeted the building because it housed IRS offices .
A 3,000 - word message on a Web site registered to Stack railed against the government , particularly the IRS .
Alexander did n't have time to think about what had happened , or why someone had crashed a plane into her office building .
" We were all screaming for help , " she said .
" By that time , the smoke was getting real bad .
I kind of crouched down on the floor trying to get some air from under there .
" And [ I was thinking ]
I 'm going to have to jump because it 's getting worse in here . "
The next thing she knew , she saw what she thought was " an angel from heaven . "
Alexander and the others survived .
But the attack killed one of their co-workers , longtime IRS employee Vernon Hunter .
He was 68 .
Alexander said she had a lot of memories of Hunter , whom she worked with before her job at the IRS .
" He 'd do anything for you , " she said .
She questioned why he , of all people , had to die .
But she said the tragedy actually made her faith in God stronger .
" I 've been raised all my life to go to church and believe in God , and it 's like , you know , maybe it 's time for me to start believing , " Alexander said .
" And that 's when it came to light that this was my test .
" I 've really lived a good life .
I 've never come so close to death .
I 've had family members die , and it was a little different .
But when it faces you , it 's a different feeling . "
CNN 's Brian Rokus and Tricia Escobedo contributed to this report .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Friday , May 7 , 2010
The monumental public relations cover - up being run by the TSA and other airport security authorities worldwide in claiming that the naked body scanners do not show crisp images of genitalia has once again been exposed with the story of a TSA worker in Miami who attacked a colleague who had made fun of his small penis after he passed through a scanner device .
“ Perhaps the new airport body scanners are a bit too revealing .
A TSA worker in Miami was arrested for aggravated battery after police say he attacked a colleague who ’d made fun of his small genitalia after he walked through one of the new high - tech security scanners during a recent training session , ” reports NBC Miami .
44 - year - old Rolando Negrin beat his supervisor with a police baton after he had cracked jokes about Negrin ’s small manhood when he walked through a naked scanner as part of a training exercise at Miami International Airport .
“ The attack may be the first piece of proof that the new scanners may be leaving too little to the imagination , ” states the report .
The most important facet of this story , which once again the corporate media has failed to even mention , just as they failed to highlight it following a similar controversy in March when an airport worker at Heathrow was caught ogling a woman ’s breasts , is the fact that , despite a barrage of propaganda on behalf of the government claiming that the images produced do not show sensitive areas of the body in detail , penises and breasts are clearly visible .
The aggressive campaign on behalf of governments and the media to sell the public on invasive body scanners has been accompanied by the reassurance that the devices do not show details of genitals , an obvious attempt to counter the fact that the machines do represent a virtual strip search as well as violating laws against child pornography .
Despite assurances from the TSA that the scanners do not show the shape of genitalia , sample images from their own website clearly display the outline of the penis .
The TSA has also lied in claiming the body scanner systems cannot “ store , print , transmit or save the image ” .
In reality , as Wired News reported , “ Contrary to public statements made by the Transportation Security Administration , full - body airport scanners do have the ability to store and transmit images , according to documents obtained by the Electronic Privacy Information Center . ”
As we have exhaustively emphasized , the body scanners do allow airport workers to see intricate details of your body – penis length , breast size , implants , piercings , including crystal clear naked shots of your children .
The fact that authorities initially lied and denied this was the case as part of the agenda to hastily install scanners after the staged Christmas bombing incident was clearly a case of mass public deception and one of the primary reasons why the scanners need to be removed now .
The press collaborated in the scam by only ever showing scanner images with sensitive areas blurred out , misleading the public to think that this is what airport screeners also saw .
Early images that were used to convince the public that the scanners were not an invasion of privacy included examples such as the following , which is clearly completely unrepresentative of what the scanners really show .
Airport security staff workers are among the least trustworthy people to operate these machines .
These individuals are routinely caught abusing their authority for their own ego trip or sexual perversion .
As the video below illustrates , the fact that naked body scanner machines in the U.S. are manned by TSA thugs who are routinely caught abusing their power in treating the public like prison inmates only heightens the danger posed by the use abuse of the new devices .
People in the United States need to lobby for states to pass laws nullifying use of the body scanners as a threat to privacy , health , and a total violation of human dignity , a virtual strip search that would n’t even have stopped the Christmas day bomber who was allowed to board the plane as a result of a U.S. State Department directive .
Indeed , Israeli experts in airport securityhave dismissed the devices as “ useless ” and refused to even consider their introduction .
Idaho is leading the revolt , by passing a law that limits the use of the x-ray scanning devices in airports and government buildings and also forces Homeland Security to disprove health concerns .
Not only have authorities in Europe promised to roll out mobile body scanners on the streets to mass scan crowds of people , but Homeland Security has even gone a step further , developing Orwellian mind - reading devices that are set to be installed as part of unconstitutional checkpoints at public events .
Watch the winning entry of our recent body scanner contest below .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Going into Saturday night versus the Buffalo Sabres , the Bolts were gifted with a mish - mash of chances despite the fact that they were riddled with injuries and hurting .
Buffalo had played the night before , being struck down by the Ottawa Senators .
The Sabres were n't starting three key players , including Olympian Ryan Miller .
Instead , they'd be starting Patrick Lalime , who has had a less - than - stellar season when starting in place of Miller .
The Lightning knew what it needed in this contest : two points .
It did n't just need them ; its collective post - season life depended on them .
The Lightning had notched two surprising wins to its belt earlier in the week .
First was a victory over the resurgent Carolina Hurricanes , ending a dismal stretch for the Bolts that saw them drop 12 of 14 contests .
Then was the improbable victory in Boston on Thursday night .
It was only the fourth victory against the Bruins in Boston in the entire history of the franchise .
The Bolts suffered injuries during the game , but they were still alive and seemed to have finally hit their stride .
And so goes the story of the Lightning season as a whole .
All too often , just when it looks like the ship has been righted and they 're going to contend , something like last Saturday happens .
The Bolts go into an important game and instead of competing , they regress and recoil .
They 've achieved this feat of mediocrity too many times this season : the promise of finally turning the corner turns into falling flat on their faces when it counts the most .
Early in the season , when the Bolts followed up strong play with lackluster efforts , it was easy enough to write those contests off because it was early ...
There was time .
There would be chances and the Lightning had the rest of the season yet to make a splash .
Case in point , after a rather middling first two months , the Lightning hosted the Rangers at home and played their most convincing game of the young season , defeating the Rags 5 - 1 .
This was promptly followed up with a grand collapse , going 1 - 8 - 2 over the next 11 games through mid December , mostly to Western Conference teams .
Then , in January , the pattern of not - ready - for - prime - time became evident again , this time when it mattered .
The Bolts were coming off their " lights out " weekend in New Jersey and knocked off the Washington Capitals at Times Palace in a total drubbing , 7 - 4 .
Confidence was riding high that if they could defeat two division / conference leaders like the Devils and the Caps , surely the team was ready to outshine lesser competition ?
But the Bolts took momentum and snuffed it out in style during back - to - back losses to the Panthers .
It was a prime opportunity to stake a legitimate claim to contention and they failed to seize it .
They 'd do this again just before the Olympic break as well .
In the final weeks of January and the first week of February , the Bolts had accomplished an important winning stretch , going 9 - 1 - 1 over those three weeks .
Before the Olympic break , the Bolts could have put a ribbon on their playoff drive by competing in the final three games of February .
Instead of competing , the Lightning ceded ground to the Bruins and Rangers while dropping all three of those remaining games .
These losses would be part of the grander 2 - 11 - 1 streak that took the Lightning out of playoff contention over the past month .
The weakness of the Eastern Conference , where mediocrity abounds , had given the Lightning so many chances to stay in the race .
Yet the pattern of the season said that every time the Lightning had realized an important victory , they were to follow it up with a lackluster effort at a crucial juncture .
Saturday 's loss , even with excuses of injuries and the game - misconduct that robbed the team of its captain early on , should have been expected .
What killed this season was n't a lack of position players or offensive production ; it was the lack of killer instinct and drive when it counted the most .
The most dubious pattern of the 2009 - 10 Tampa Bay Lightning campaign was the lack of urgency .
Expecting wins down the road does n't make up for lackluster efforts now .
Expecting other contenders to fall by the wayside does n't excuse from participating in their demise in the standings .
Having all the skill and capabilities in the world does n't forgive sub - par efforts , nor reward with post - season glory .
Eric Langhoff , a young Danish doctor who had been trained by Ralph Steinman , joined my laboratory to work on this problem .
Within a short period of time we were able to demonstrate that dendretic macrophages were highly efficient carriers of HIV .
The virus sticks tightly to these cells and is carried across the mucosal membrane to nearby lymph nodes .
The dendretic cells educate other immune cells by touching them with their long diaphanous membranes .
This is how the virus reaches the susceptible immune cells , called CDA or T cells .
Now inside the body , it begins the infection .
In the course of this work I learned much about these unusual cells .
I learned they could be taught to educate the immune system outside the body .
This could be done by exposing purified dendretic cells to a foreign substance and then reintroducing them back into the body .
No other cells had this ability .
This observation triggered another thought .
Might it be possible to train purified dendretic cells to recognize cancer cells ?
If so , then reintroduction of these cells might train the body 's own immune system to attack the cancer itself .
At the time I was a consultant to a venture capital company , Healthcare Ventures .
I presented the outline of this idea and they agreed to provide $ 5 million to fund a new company to explore this new approach to anti-cancer therapy .
As often happens , I was not alone with this idea .
While attending a scientific conference in Holland , I met two physicians scientists from Stanford , Sam Strober and Ed Engelmann .
They had independently come up with the same idea and were in the early stages of starting a similar company .
We joined forces , and Activated Cell Therapy , Inc. , was born .
It is now 20 years on .
The company experienced many ups and downs .
It moved from California to Washington near Seattle .
New financing was needed .
Other venture capital companies provided additional funding .
The original management was replaced .
The name was changed to Dendreon .
The company raised money from the public markets .
I moved on to genomics research , and Sam and Ed's role as advisors ended .
But the vision remained .
The scientists , doctors and management at Dendreon persisted despite skepticism and initial rejection by the FDA .
The treatment is now approved .
This small step in cancer treatment for men with advanced prostate cancer provides new hope for all those with cancer .
We have begun to realize the dream of harnessing the power of the immune system to fight cancer .
The road to here has been long and circuitous , but the path ahead is clear .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Tonio Liuzzi has called for the stewards to enforce penalties on cars that hold others up in qualifying , after he was knocked out of Q1 in China .
With 24 cars on the track in the first session of qualifying this year , drivers have to time their lap to perfection to ensure it is not ruined by traffic .
In his exclusive column for ESPNF1 , Liuzzi questioned why the stewards were not taking action against drivers who block others ' fast laps , as they had done in previous seasons .
" For the third time this year I got stuck in traffic during qualifying and that ruined my lap , " he said .
" We really need to look at the problem of slow cars holding others up , because in the past the stewards used to be quite vigilant about this .
This year they seem to let it go a lot more but it is like the referee 's decision in football , you can not argue with it .
Maybe in the next few races I will put police lights on my car , because it seems every time I go out in qualifying nobody sees me coming in their mirrors . "
He added that the situation was only going to get worse at tighter tracks and , that while the new teams could be excused on some occasions , the drivers with more competitive cars had to be held to account .
" We 've got 24 cars going round in Q1 now , so you can imagine in places like Monaco it 's going to be a complete mess , " Liuzzi said .
" For the most part the problem is with the HRTs , Virgins and Lotuses because they are so much slower it is difficult for them to handle the traffic .
But many times I have got stuck behind a Williams and I think there is no excuse for that .
There is no quick fix to this problem but I think drivers need to use the mirrors more and the stewards need to clamp down on those that do n't .
For sure , me and my team will look at why it keeps happening to us and we will do that starting at the next race . "
AS GULLIVER likes to remind you , recessions tend to leave permanent marks on premium air travel .
Business and first - class ticket sales eventually recover from their recessionary lows , but they do not return to pre-recession levels .
So if your company is making you fly coach while it battles out the recession , I have some bad news : you should probably get used to it .
The airlines ' main trade group , the International Air Transport Association , agrees .
In comments earlier this month , IATA argued that it's " reasonable " to " assume that changes in the number of economy — as well as premium — seat sales are being driven to a larger extent by business travel rather than leisure . "
Business
Week has more :
Spending on corporate travel tends to lag behind economic growth as once budget cuts have been implemented they tend to remain in place for several years , said Caleb Tiller , a senior director at the U.S. National Business Travel Association .
“ Once companies have changed their thinking about the use of premium travel it does n't ramp right back up with the economy , ” Tiller said in a telephone interview from Alexandria , Virginia .
The stronger the economic rebound , the greater the likely upturn in business - class bookings , he said .
That makes sense .
But perhaps the most interesting part of Business Week 's analysis was the suggestion that the airlines themselves may be hampering the recovery of business class travel :
Airlines may also have damaged prospects for a quick return to business - class flying through the introduction of upgraded economy cabins offering bigger seats , better food and a greater choice of entertainment than in coach for about half the price .
Richard Branson's Virgin Atlantic Airways Ltd. introduced the world 's first enhanced economy service in 1992 , the year Britain exited the last recession before the 2009 slump .
A seat from London to New York in “ premium economy , ” as the cabin was renamed , costs from 871 pounds ( $ 1,375 ) for travel in August , compared with 384 pounds in coach and 1,856 pounds in business or “ upper class , ” according to the U.K. carrier 's Web site .
What do you folks think ?
Did you fly business class before the recession hit ?
Are your travel departments asking you to stay in coach ?
And what do you think of the whole " premium economy " situation ?
April 22 , 2010
Brian Tierney looks at the furor over the attempts of Washington , D.C. , school officials to hide a budget surplus in order to cut teacher jobs and push a union - busting contract .
APPROVAL OF a supposed " breakthrough " teachers ' contract for Washington , D.C. , teachers is in doubt after anti-union schools chancellor Michelle Rhee admitted that she kept a $ 34 million budget surplus hidden during negotiations with the union .
Now , a leading critic of the agreement within the union can claim vindication as he seeks votes in May 's election for president of the Washington Teachers Union ( WTU ) .
A tentative agreement reached in early April between the D.C. Public Schools ( DCPS ) and WTU was hailed as a " breakthrough " by so - called school reformers because it allows teachers to opt out of tenure protection in exchange for merit pay that could boost the current maximum annual salary from $ 87,000 to $ 147,000 .
To pay for the deal , the D.C. schools will get $ 64.5 million from four private foundations , including the anti-union Walton and Broad foundations , which have been deeply involved in the creation of charters schools outside traditional public school systems .
WTU President George Parker worked closely with American Federation of Teachers ( AFT ) President Randi Weingarten to negotiate the deal , which took three years to complete .
Teachers and their supporters rallied against Michelle Rhee 's announcement of hundreds of layoffs
While granting a 20 percent wage increase for teachers over five years , the proposed contract would not only concede merit pay and privatization of teacher pay , but allows Rhee to retain her prerogative to fire teachers .
Rhee has been a leading national champion of school reform and the charter school movement , which aims to destroy public education though privatization and ruthless attacks on teachers unions .
Merit pay -- which ties teachers ' salaries to unrealistic standards of student performance -- is one of the main weapons in the school reformers ' union - busting arsenal .
In 2007 , D.C. Mayor Adrian Fenty abolished the school board and named Rhee chancellor of DCPS .
Last fall , Rhee faced angry protests by teachers , parents and students after she laid off 266 teachers at the beginning of the school year , citing a supposed budget shortfall .
Rhee continued to claim that a budget gap precluded her from rehiring teachers .
In February , as contract talks with the WTU were accelerating , Rhee learned that DCPS in fact had a $ 34 million surplus -- but failed to disclose that fact to union negotiators .
The source of the surplus , according to D.C. budget officials , is an accounting error .
" What is curious to many is that Rhee , who knew about this supposed math error much earlier this year , was not transparent and did not provide this information to the D.C. Council , " wrote D.C. school social worker Candi Peterson on her blog .
Now , Rhee says she needs the budget surplus money to pay for teacher raises in the proposed contract -- even though she already has commitments from the foundations to help make payroll .
Rhee may think she can get away with this because of the blank check she 's been given by her powerful backers -- which include influential media figures , well - funded school reformers , Mayor Fenty , Education Secretary Arne Duncan and even President Barack Obama .
But this mess could stick to her anyway .
Teachers and D.C. City Council members were fuming following the budget surplus announcement , and the WTU renewed its court challenge to the legitimacy of Rhee 's layoffs last year .
The WTU 's initial lawsuit to get the layoffs reversed was defeated after a judge sided with Rhee .
There 's major fallout in D.C. politics , too .
Rhee 's leading critic is City Council President Vincent Gray , who hopes to defeat Fenty in the upcoming mayoral race .
The council needs to determine what " strings are attached " to the private money used to fund raises , Gray said .
And following Rhee 's announcement about the surplus , Gray said , if he were a laid - off teacher , " I 'd be about ready to put my hands around somebody 's throat .
People lost their jobs under a budget deficit that did n't exist . "
Similarly , council member Harry Thomas said , " It is unconscionable that teachers have lost their jobs because of faulty data , and it is morally reprehensible to turn around and then use those dollars to fund pay raises . "
Thomas added : " I will be examining all legislative remedies available to reinstate the teachers who were dismissed . "
Meanwhile , the budget scandal turned to farce when D.C. 's chief financial officer , Natwar Gandhi , disputed the chancellor 's claims , saying that the surplus now being tapped to fund teachers ' raises really does n't exist after all .
Mayor Fenty and Rhee are now sparring with Gandhi 's office , claiming that he 's backtracking on the initial budget analysis .
THIS LATEST twist has thrown the entire tentative contract agreement into question a mere week after it was presented to teachers .
WTU President Parker and AFT President Weingarten , who were originally urging WTU members to ratify the contract , are now holding off on the vote until the city confirms that there is sufficient money to fund the baseline 20 percent raises over five years in the collective bargaining agreement .
If the WTU does reject the contract in the wake of the budget - surplus scandal , it will send a shock wave through the union -- not only at the local level , but also in the AFT itself .
AFT President Weingarten has staked her credibility on the proposed deal , which , if approved , will inevitably be seen as a model for other local union negotiations .
Since Obama took office , Weingarten has tried to straddle a defense of traditional teacher contract gains , like tenure protection , with support for Obama 's Race to the Top program , which dangles $ 4.3 billion in federal money to states and city school districts if they remove barriers to merit pay and charter schools .
In D.C. , Weingarten tried to have it both ways -- preserving tenure for those who want it , while allowing Rhee to tie the schools ' fate to the agenda of private donors .
Now , however , Weingarten has been thoroughly embarrassed by the budget surplus debacle .
" This is a very serious situation , " said Weingarten .
" It 's serious for the kids who lost their teachers and for the teachers who lost their jobs .
The moment that she knew there was no budget crisis , she had an ethical obligation to disclose that . "
Even if it turns out that there is enough money for the new teacher contract , the agreement contains a number of concessions to Rhee 's privatization agenda .
Of course , Parker and Weingarten touted the raises in the tentative agreement as a significant victory for teachers , many of whom will be tempted to approve the contract on that basis .
If passed , the contract would be a big boost for Parker , who hopes to be reelected in May 's WTU election .
The pay increase is considerable , especially in relation to surrounding districts , where many teachers are facing pay cuts .
Nevertheless , the 20 percent hike over five years is the window dressing for an agreement that would advance Rhee 's crusade to enforce merit pay throughout DCPS .
The proposed deal would also allow Rhee to retain her powers to lay off teachers and cut spending .
What 's more , IMPACT , Rhee 's unpopular teacher evaluation system , would remain in place under the new agreement .
IMPACT assesses student progress on standardized tests to determine a teacher 's effectiveness .
School reformers call this approach the " value - added " model of teacher evaluation , reflecting the reformers ' intent to commodify education .
IMPACT is also a tool for union - busting .
Since taking office , Rhee has used evaluations based on students ' standardized test scores to fire teachers , including vocal critics of her agenda .
She also bypassed negotiations to implement a dismissal plan that gives " low - performing " teachers 90 days to improve or face termination .
As one teacher observed on a popular teachers ' blog : " Michelle Rhee has given herself a great storeroom full of weapons to get rid of teachers , and we have little or no recourse .
What is a 20 percent raise if I 'm going to be fired in July under IMPACT ?
Please read carefully , and do n't let the money fool you . "
The merit pay program included in the proposed deal also poses major risks for the union .
It would allow teachers to make an additional $ 20,000 to $ 30,000 a year -- in exchange for forfeiting job security and raising student test scores .
But those who participate are first on the chopping block when budget cuts cause layoffs : those in the merit pay program would give up hiring options to teachers who opt out of the plan .
For their part , teachers who opt out of merit pay and face job loss , but cannot find a new position , could choose between a $ 25,000 buyout , early retirement or another year on the job to give them time to find alternative work .
But even these options are tied to government and budgetary approval .
And in any case , " low - performance " teachers who lose their positions would have none of these options .
In short , the proposed contract is a scheme to divide teachers and undermine tenure rights -- which is why it is being funded by the likes of the union - hating Walton family and real estate billionaire Eli Broad .
For most teachers in the district , the involvement of private donors is a major cause for concern .
If passed , the contract would allow the leading national forces behind the dismantling of public education to carry out their plan on DPCS .
As Paul Abowd of Labor Notes observed , " Rhee is a good investment for the foundations ' corporate - style overhaul of education , which seeks to bust the unions , dismantle schools and turn them over to private charter operators . "
THE WTU and AFT are again focusing on a court challenge of the layoffs .
But a bolder fight needs to be waged , one that mobilizes rank - and - file teachers and couples militant action with legal battles in the courtroom .
Rhee is not invincible : despite her powerful backers , among D.C. residents , her approval ratings have plunged considerably over the past year .
But Fenty and Rhee are unlikely to be stopped as long as they continue to enjoy a docile WTU leadership in Parker 's presidency .
Parker has given a Rhee a free hand to attack the union , push for charters and resegregate D.C. schools .
In 2008 , Rhee went so far as to praise Parker as " a great union leader " and a " a great union president . "
Thus , the May union election will likely be a referendum on Parker 's record in dealing with Rhee .
Parker 's main challenger is Nathan Saunders , the current WTU vice president .
Saunders , who ran on the same slate as Parker in the last union election , broke with his former ally when Parker failed to stand up to Rhee .
Saunders charges
Parker with being an ineffective union president who has allowed teachers to lose job security , pay raises and benefits .
" I am not campaigning against an individual , " Saunders wrote on his Web site .
" Rather [ I'm campaigning ] against reactionary and political responses which continue to unnecessarily burden teachers and yield minimal gains toward a positive public education experience for our children . "
Saunders continued : " Teachers must be committed to reclaiming our voice in the ' reform ' debate as the experts in public education . "
A great deal is at stake in both the coming union election and the contract vote -- which , depending on the outcome of the budget debate , could be many weeks away .
The choice that WTU members make in both will have a major impact on the ongoing war over the future of D.C. public schools .
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - North Korean leader Kim Jong-il said he remains committed to the “ denuclearisation ” of the Korean peninsula , during a May 3 - 7 visit to China , the official Xinhua agency reported on Friday .
Kim , who had talks with Chinese President Hu Jintao while in Beijing , also said “ the DPRK will work with China to create favourable conditions for restarting the six - party talks , ” Xinhua said , referring to negotiations on denuclearisation .
Kim also said he welcomed Chinese investment in North Korea , the report said .
Mogadishu , Somalia ( CNN ) --
Twin explosions at a mosque in Somalia 's capital on Saturday killed at least 45 people and wounded many more , hospital officials and the African Union 's peacekeeping force in the country said .
The mosque is in the heart of Mogadishu 's Bakara Market , a stronghold of Al - Shabaab , the militant group waging a war against the government in an effort to implement a stricter form of Islamic law .
The bloody incident took place about 1 p.m. , according to Ali Muse , a local ambulance service director .
He said hundreds were wounded , and he expects the casualty figures to rise .
Fighting ensued in the city hours after the incident , when a pro-government militia group slugged it out with militants .
An Al - Shabaab spokesman , Ali Dhere , initially blamed " foreign elements " for the attack , but an AU peacekeeping official said no group has claimed responsibility .
Dahir Mohamud Gelle , the government information minister , called the attack " barbaric " and said it illustrates " a total lack of wisdom and a disrespect to the holy places . "
The special representative of the chairman of the AU Commission for Somalia , Ambassador Boubacar Gaoussou Diarra , deplored the killings of innocents and any attacks targeting mosques and other public places .
" Indiscriminate attacks on public places like today 's incident cannot be condoned .
I , on behalf of the African Union , would like to call upon all warring parties in the Somali Conflict to stop such barbaric attacks on innocent civilian population , " Diarra said .
The Horn of Africa nation has not had a stable government since 1991 , and fighting between the rebels and government troops has escalated the humanitarian crisis in the famine - ravaged country .
Al - Shabaab is on the U.S. list of terror organizations because of its ties to Osama bin Laden 's al Qaeda network .
A local journalist said two explosions detonated on the lower floor of the two - story Abdala Shideye Mosque when people assembled for midday prayers .
The mosque was still standing but seriously damaged , said the journalist , who saw the results of the carnage .
Survivors told him that two high - ranking Al - Shabaab officials died and another was seriously wounded .
The journalist said everybody in and outside the lower floor was either killed or injured .
The AU said it is unclear whether the explosions were caused by suicide bombs .
Al - Shabaab fighters guarded the mosque , described by several local journalists as a facility strictly serving the militant movement .
After the blast , the journalist said , gunmen with Ahlu Sunna , a pro-government Sufi Muslim militia , fought near the market with members of Al - Shabaab and Hizbal al - Islam , another Islamist extremist group .
Ali Muse said he counted at least two dead and 13 wounded in the fighting .
Heavy fighting engulfed the swath of city for two hours , and sporadic gunfire and mortar blasts rang out as fighting died down .
Witnesses said the Sufi militia took ground from the militants and was moving toward the market .
An Ahlu Sunna spokesman , Sheikh Yusuf Abu Qadi , expressed sorrow over the bombing and blamed it on Hizbal al - Islam , which has had rocky relations with Al - Shabaab .
CNN 's Ben Brumfield , Mohamed Amiin Adow and David McKenzie contributed to this report .
Ludwigvan968 sez , " ACTLab at the University of Texas Austin is threatened with closure .
I 've highlighted current projects by the Extreme Freestyle Hacking course that showcase cutting edge work in New Media , such as a Grand Circuit Bending Box , Rave LED Gloves and a Dissertation utilizing Wordoress to explore the world of high performance automobiles in Central Texas . "
As reported in the Daily Texan , classes for the ACTLab program in New Media at the University of Texas at Austin , for which I helped both build as a student and as a teacher , have been cancelled effective Fall 2010 .
This unfortunate event has come due to the retirement of its founder , Professor Allucquére Sandy Stone .
Professor
Stone is retiring from active teaching , however she will become a Professor Emerita , thus retaining the ability to teach courses at the University of Texas at Austin .
Myself and other students have formally requested both the Radio - Television - Film Department and the College of Communications to reconsider their decision and retain ACTLab courses .
The impact of the ACTLab's closing is not limited to the RTF department , but to the art and technology community in the city of Austin and around the world .
The ACTLab has a proven track record of advanced New Media research practice that combines media theory , media production , intermodal art and ever - evolving technology which has been recognized around the world in both academic and the professional circles .
From its early 1990 's virtual world research into the creation of collaborative spaces ( both text - based and three - dimensional worlds ) and behavioral research of the inhabitants to the early 2000 's exploration and development of peer - to - peer video streaming systems , and its most recent work with BarCamps and social - media based interaction phenomena , the ACTLab has long existed at the cutting edge of New Media .
Imagine that the “ tea party ” movement continued to expand in size and influence .
At some point in the future , tea partyers , regardless of political party affiliation , would dominate the executive and legislative branches of federal government .
Our influence on the courts would increase .
In this scenario , the tea party would eventually change the face of the federal government .
What would America look like then ?
Before we answer that question , remember that no single person speaks for the tea party movement .
Tea partyers hold political views that run the gamut from traditional Christian conservative to libertarian .
We ca n’t describe a tea party future without answering the question , “ Which tea partyer are you talking about ? ”
If we select the most common points of agreement , however , we can paint a fairly accurate picture of the changes tea partyers would likely make to our government and how those changes could alter your relationship to Washington .
First let ’s look at the most common themes among tea partyers .
While many local tea party organizations involve themselves in local or state issues and races , the movement ’s primary interest lies in Washington .
Nearly 8 in 10 Americans distrust the federal government , according to a recent Pew Research Center poll .
Among tea partyers , that statistic is closer to 9 in 10 .
That ’s important because it highlights a very important common theme : a libertarian view of Washington ’s role .
Tea partyers would reduce the scope of federal power in two ways .
First , we would trim federal legislation , reducing the Federal Register – the daily publication of federal rules , regulations , orders , and notices – from more than 69,000 pages to , say , 10,000 pages , as it was in 1950 .
Second , we would eliminate the legislative power of federal departments and agencies .
The Environmental Protection Agency would no longer be able to declare the mud puddle in my backyard federally protected wetlands citing nothing more than bureaucratic fiat .
For you , this means that Washington would have less direct influence over your life .
You could plan for the future knowing that your property is your property .
You would not need a Washington bureaucrat ’s permission to paint your house blue or to put in a swimming pool .
You would not have to buy government - approved health insurance or drive a government - made car .
This change will significantly increase your personal political power .
Today , Washington has undue influence over your life .
And changing federal law is nearly impossible .
You either have to hire an expensive team of lobbyists or convince at least half of all Americans voters to support the candidates for Congress who support your idea of reform .
Do you have that kind of time and money ?
Tea partyers want to restore the balance of power in America , making state and local governments more important than the federal government , as was intended by the US Constitution , and which was the case for the first half of US history .
Under this arrangement , the number of people you ’d need to influence to change the law drops quickly .
Federalism and a smaller national government means individuals carry more power .
The Constitution lists a very limited number of activities that the United States may perform on our behalf .
The tea party movement would implement a plan to phase out those activities , departments , and agencies that came about outside the amendment process of the Constitution .
Expect to see the departments of Education , Health and Human Services , Housing and Urban Development , and Veterans Affairs disappear over time .
Homeland Security , which comprises some legitimate activities , would be splintered into more manageable parts .
If we want to hold on to an existing department whose mission is beyond the constitutional roles of government , then Congress and the states would have to adopt a constitutional amendment to establish that new power .
For you , this would mean far less dependency on a faceless Washington bureaucrat .
No more “ No Child Left Behind ” dictates that teach 20th - century lessons to 21st - century students .
As with all of the tea party ’s ideas , this one leaves you freer than you started out .
The tea party movement is most closely associated with anger over bailouts , taxes , spending , and debt .
But the financial problems our government faces are symptoms of the problems addressed earlier .
Reducing the government ’s onerous and unsustainable spending is both an objective and a consequence of the changes above .
In 1949 , federal spending equaled 14 percent of gross domestic product ( GDP ) ; in 2009 , the government spent 25 percent of GDP , a 70 percent increase .
According to the Congressional Budget Office , by 2019 , the national debt will equal 90 percent of GDP , a tipping point associated with harmfully slower economic growth , according to economists Kenneth Rogoff and Carmen Reinhart .
We aim to stop that .
Outside of defense spending , the three largest items in the federal budget – Social Security , Medicare , and Medicaid – would be phased out unless proponents could muster support for a constitutional amendment .
These extra-constitutional programs amount to massive Ponzi schemes that fall apart without significant population growth .
I would propose phasing these programs out by age , with anyone at or near retirement receiving full benefits .
We want to keep the previous generation ’s promise to retirees , even if that promise was illegitimate .
For you , this change means a more secure financial future , a better education for your kids , and more predictable retirement .
Eventually , your federal tax burden would ease significantly .
Reduced federal spending will reduce the annual budget deficits and allow us to begin paying down our nation ’s massive debt .
Since 2008 , the American people have paid off more personal debt than we ’ve taken on .
It ’s time for government to apply this simple practice of household finance .
While I do n’t pretend to speak for all tea partyers , I believe these reforms represent a common theme among the various factions that make up the larger tea party movement .
These themes – increased personal power , a smaller federal government , fiscal responsibility , and lower taxes – carry a lot of power in the American psyche .
As tea partyers learn to translate passion and energy into electoral success this fall , we will stop and reverse our country ’s recent sprint toward socialism – a sprint never authorized by the Constitution .
These principles will result in some victories in 2010 and even more success in 2012 and beyond .
To ensure victory in the fall , we have formed our own political action committees and political nonprofits .
These organizations give grass - roots conservatives a stronger voice in the political process .
In St. Louis , we are spreading the word by creating hundreds of tea party block captains who will recruit small teams to visit every home in the area before Election Day .
These teams will deliver a simple message and a copy of the United States Constitution , asking the people they visit to read that document and decide for themselves whether or not our government is protecting or infringing on our rights and our national promise .
Finally , I know the tea party movement will succeed because of the people who support it .
When my cofounder , Dana Loesch , and I planned the first St. Louis tea party in February 2009 , we hoped for a crowd of 50 .
To our delight , more than 1,000 patriots filled the steps of the Gateway Arch on the banks of the Mississippi .
Since then , the people of this tea party have continued to organize , influence , and grow .
Together , we are simply pilgrims on the road to that Shining City on a Hill , and we will not rest until we get there .
Bill Hennessy is a software manager , author of “ The Conservative Manifesto , ” and the cofounder of the St. Louis Tea Party .
The native JavaScript function indexOf , applied to a String , returns the index of the first occurrence of a specified value .
Useful as it is , I often find myself wishing for a variant method that will return the index after the occurrence so that I can pass the result to a slice call and return everything after a given character .
With this in mind , I created a method called express ( as in expression , and alsoquick ) which returns a new function by applying the expression argument to the result of the old function .
Its partly inspired by the Haskell language and by Oliver Steele ’s lambda function .
String.prototype.indexAfter = String.prototype.indexOf.express('r + 1 ' ) ;
( Note : this returns string .
indexOf + 1 , not string.indexOf + searchString.length )
The implementation is deceptively simple but packs a lot of power .
The expr argument manipulates a variable r which is a proxy for the return value of the original function .
I think its a nice illustration of why eval is not always evil – and how when used judiciously it can actually be a good friend .
[ Edit 05/12/10 : Several readers have pointed out that the r reference could break down if you js minify .
I ’ve since addressed this issue using a minify - safe evalR function , which will always inject the given variable as “ r ” , no matter what ]
// minify - safe version of eval var evalR = function( x , expr ) { var expr = expr.replace ( / \br\b/g ," arguments[0 ] " ) ; return eval ( expr ) ; } Function.prototype.express = function ( expr ) { var __method = this ; return function ( ) { return evalR ( __method.apply ( this , arguments ) , expr ) ; } }
Using express you can create new functions that modify the results of existing functions in almost any conceivable way .
var loudly = String.prototype.toUpperCase.express ('" ** " + r + " !! ** " ' ) ; loudly .
call ( " Can you hear me ? " ) ; //"** CAN YOU HEAR ME ?!! **" var random Percentage = Math.random.express (' Math.round ( 100 *r ) + " % " ' ) ; random Percentage ( ) ; //23 % isPerfectSquare = Math.sqrt.express ( 'r == Math.round ( r ) ' ) ; isPerfectSquare ( 25 ) //true
Keep in mind that when there is already an existing function that will perform the required modification , compose might be a better option ( especially if you ’re skittish about eval ) .
What do you think ?
/ /using express var roundedSqrt = Math.sqrt.express (' Math.round( r ) ' ) ; roundedSqrt ( 34 ) ; //6 //using compose var roundedSqrt = Math.round.compose( Math.sqrt ) ; roundedSqrt ( 34 ) ; //6
I also created a global express function in which the expression is not applied to a function result but instead manipulates the first argument directly .
var express = function ( expr ) { return function ( ) { return evalR ( arguments [ 0 ] , expr ) ; } } var inverse = express ( ' 1/ r ' ) ; inverse ( 5 ) ; //0.2 var to Farenheit = express ( '( r * 9/5) +32 ' ) ; to Farenheit ( 10 ) ; //50 var circleArea = express (' Math . PI * r*r ' ) ; circleArea( 4) .toFixed ( 2 ) ; //50.27
As with any technique , its easy to overdo it .
I would n’t necessarily recommend using global express in production code ( its perfectly robust but your team might not appreciate the unfamiliar syntax or reliance on eval ) .
However it does illustrate the beauty of the functional approach , moreover it ’s an excellent aid in debugging , testing and experimentation on the console .
Now lets go back to the indexAfter method we defined at the beginning .
Here ’s a nifty example that combines compose , curry and express to define a function that will extract the domain part of an email address .
var domainFromEmail = String.prototype.slice.compose ( String.prototype.indexOf.express('r+1' ) ) .curry ( '@ ' ) ; domainFromEmail.call (" president@whitehouse.gov " ) ; //" whitehouse.gov " domainFromEmail.call(" mmouse@disney.com " ) ; //" disney.com "
To me this is the height of elegance .
Pure functional programming .
However its worth pointing out that at this point its actually no more concise than the old fashioned way : -
var domainFromEmail = function ( email ) { return email.slice(email.indexOf ('@ ' ) + 1 ) ; } domainFromEmail ( " president@whitehouse.gov " ) ; //" whitehouse.gov " domainFromEmail ( " mmouse@disney.com " ) ; //" disney.com "
It ’s a matter of preference and balance .
Use the implementation that is the most expressive for you and allows for the most re-use , and be careful not to overuse any one technique .
Speaking of re-use let ’s end by defining a generic function that returns everything after a character .
Its useful enough to add to String prototype : -
String.prototype.sliceAfterChar = String.prototype.slice.compose(String.prototype.indexOf.express('r+1' ) ) ; var domainFromEmail = String.prototype.sliceAfterChar.curry ('@ ' ) ; var query Params = String.prototype.sliceAfterChar.curry ('? ' ) ; // assumes we do n't want '?'
Why I Flew my Hunter through Tower Bridge - 5th April 1968 by Flight Lieutenant Al Pollock
Thanks to Thanks to Al Pollock and Flypast Magazine
ALAN POLLOCK , the man who flew a
His daredevil antics caused a storm of controversy at the time , but the Royal Air Force refused to court martial him , preferring , instead to have a Medical Board discharge him .
He was not court martialled , he claims , because his outspoken views on the fighting effectiveness of the Royal Air Force and the lack of RAF 50th anniversary flying celebrations in l968 , might provide embarassing publicity .
It has also since transpired that his one - man anniversary display inadvertently co-incided with the recently exposed ' coup plot ' against Prime Minister Harold Wilson 's Labour Government .
Now , for the first time since the incident , he has agreed to reveal why he made his incredible flight , which captured the country 's imagination and describe his fascinating personal account of that fateful day .
A graduate prizewinner from RAF Training College Cranwell ,
, the man who flew a Hunter Jet through the middle of Tower Bridge on April 5 , 1968 has agreed to tell his own story exclusively to FlyPast .
His daredevil antics caused a storm of controversy at the time , but the Royal Air Force refused to court martial him , preferring , instead to have a Medical Board discharge him .
He was not court martialled , he claims , because his outspoken views on the fighting effectiveness of the Royal Air Force and the lack of RAF 50th anniversary flying celebrations in l968 , might provide embarassing publicity .
It has also since transpired that his one - man anniversary display inadvertently co-incided with the recently exposed ' coup plot ' against Prime Minister Harold Wilson 's Labour Government .
Now , for the first time since the incident , he has agreed to reveal why he made his incredible flight , which captured the country 's imagination and describe his fascinating personal account of that fateful day .
A graduate prizewinner from RAF Training College Cranwell , Mr Pollock was a fighter leader and instructor and saw active operational service in the Middle East and served as Aide - de - Camp to a NATO Air Commander .
One of the three pre-formation founders of the Red Arrows aerobatic team , he held the rare ' exceptional ' RAF fast jet pilot rating .
Alan Pollock at the controls of a Yellowjack Gnat , part of the low - level aerobatic display team , forerunners of the Red Arrows .
Painting by Rex Flood .
April Fool 's Day , 1968 , was the 50th Anniversary of the forming of the Royal Air Force .
For 50 years the Royal Air Force had independently provided the effective instrument of air power for the United Kingdom .
The service was rightly proud of its short but splendid heritage and in half a century 's experience of the " constancy of change " , the fighting tradition of the RAF had been built up , but with a heavy annual toll of young lives in both war and peace .
Early in 1968 , and following the well established routines of her squadrons , it was generally assumed throughout the Air Force that , on this historic day , some form of Anniversary flypast over London would provide the highlight of the day 's special events .
Nearer the day itself and despite earlier expectations and discussions , it became obvious that no formal flypast was going to take place .
Only a Royal Anniversary Dinner and pedestrian groundborne parades would remind the nation 's backbone of the Air Force 's first proud 50 years .
The Abingdon Review was scheduled for much later in the year .
April Fool 's Day , 1968 , was the 50th Anniversary of the forming of the Royal Air Force .
For 50 years the Royal Air Force had independently provided the effective instrument of air power for the United Kingdom .
The service was rightly proud of its short but splendid heritage and in half a century 's experience of the " constancy of change " , the fighting tradition of the RAF had been built up , but with a heavy annual toll of young lives in both war and peace .
Early in 1968 , and following the well established routines of her squadrons , it was generally assumed throughout the Air Force that , on this historic day , some form of Anniversary flypast over London would provide the highlight of the day 's special events .
Nearer the day itself and despite earlier expectations and discussions , it became obvious that no formal flypast was going to take place .
Only a Royal Anniversary Dinner and pedestrian groundborne parades would remind the nation 's backbone of the Air Force 's first proud 50 years .
The Abingdon Review was scheduled for much later in the year .
At West Raynham as senior operational flight commander on the RAF 's senior and the world 's oldest military air squadron , No.1 ( Fighter ) Squadron , I felt a particular responsibility lay with us to honour the occasion of the 50th Anniversary suitably .
For months previously I had frequently badgered my station , wing and squadron commanders to obtain Command approval for our own Command , Group Wing or Squadron to make an aerial contribution .
Flypasts make excellent training events .
Meanwhile , with our squadron
Since nothing else was going to happen from an airborne point of view - and we were scheduled on normal Forward Air Control Strike training on Salisbury Plain and 38 Group would not release us from this - I prevailed on the Boss that we should carry out celebration Anniversary leaflet raids , which would be both good training value for the pilots and a morale raiser .
We prepared our leaflets and our Chiefy had a
At West Raynham as senior operational flight commander on the RAF 's senior and the world 's oldest military air squadron , No.1 ( Fighter ) Squadron , I felt a particular responsibility lay with us to honour the occasion of the 50th Anniversary suitably .
For months previously I had frequently badgered my station , wing and squadron commanders to obtain Command approval for our own Command , Group Wing or Squadron to make an aerial contribution .
Flypasts make excellent training events .
Meanwhile , with our squadron CO , Sqn Ldr Spike Jones , we had been driving very hard both at Raynham and on our detachments down at Gibraltar to regain our leading position in flying hours over our rival 54 ( F ) Squadron , after a spate of bad serviceability in two of the winter months .
Since nothing else was going to happen from an airborne point of view - and we were scheduled on normal Forward Air Control Strike training on Salisbury Plain and 38 Group would not release us from this - I prevailed on the Boss that we should carry out celebration Anniversary leaflet raids , which would be both good training value for the pilots and a morale raiser .
We prepared our leaflets and our Chiefy had a Hunter F.G.A.9 specially prepared ready to fly immediately after the parade on April 1 .
I changed rapidly into my flying suit from my No.1 uniform after the parade .
We " bombed up " the aircraft with a celebration warload of Anniversary leaflets in the flaps , with a special ceremonial 57 leaflets ( one for each full year of our own squadron 's service ) and an adequate supply of four - and - a- half - inch G.P. ( " Government property " ) bog- rolls stowed in the airbrake .
Flt Lt Alan Pollock in 1959 while serving at RAF Sylt. My No.1 ( F )
One of our best pilots and weaponeers , Flt Lt " Wally " Walton , was selected for Wattisham , another proud fighter base and home for part of the Lightning force .
An ex-Lightning
My No.1 ( F ) Hunter was first up using a flapless take - off technique and , despite a strong gusty crosswind , by getting down below the side of the hangar I was fortunate to have a good drop above 54 Squadron 's pilots outside their crew room at West Raynham .
The station was then given a beat - up from the South , with pull up into a vertical roll .
One of our best pilots and weaponeers , Flt Lt " Wally " Walton , was selected for Wattisham , another proud fighter base and home for part of the Lightning force .
An ex-Lightning O.C.U. pilot from Coltishall .
Ken Becker , was suitably chosen for the paper delivery there .
Successful drops were also made by our ex-Vietnam F - 105 pilot and USAF exchange officer , Capt Pete Albrecht at Chivenor and by F/ O Barry Horton in bad weather at Valley .
A pilot 's eye view of the Mk 9 Hunter cockpit .
It is doubtful if the altimeter even registered as Flt Lt Pollock passed through Tower Bridge at around 400 knots .
Chivenor and Valley responded well to the drops with congratulatory telephone calls .
However , both Wattisham ( with an
I saw red , particularly with the attitude from an " operational " station like Wattisham because I knew full well and at first hand Wally Walton 's competence as a
Apart from the parade as elsewhere , there indeed had been no special celebration for the airmen , that vital body of skills , service sacrifice which had made the Air Force great - no Anniversary dance , no party , no half day off .
The head seemed to have forgotten the importance of the heart !
Later in the week I carried out a sample survey of 20 airmen at two stations , none of whom knew there was anything special about this week !
Virtually nothing was in the press and I was particularly acid with the Government and perhaps less forgiving of the apparent apathy of much of our RAF to its great past .
However , RAF Tangmere , doyenne of the UK 's fighter stations , had laid on an excellent do for Thursday , April 4 .
The unit had asked us , No.1 ( F ) Squadron , to return to our pre-war home after first flying over their " Freedom of the City " parade / march past through Chichester .
Chivenor and Valley responded well to the drops with congratulatory telephone calls .
However , both Wattisham ( with an AOC 's inspection next day ! ) and Coltishall rang up and blasted our Station Commander , complaining of dangerous flying , bad example , untidy debris and poor airmanship from No.1 - a happy , successful and operationally very combat ready unit !
I saw red , particularly with the attitude from an " operational " station like Wattisham because I knew full well and at first hand Wally Walton 's competence as a Hunter driver and live armament deliverer .
Throughout the day we had only one reprisal raid , flown by one pair of Lightnings from Wattisham who at least showed some spunk by returning the compliment , even if rather inaccurately , over our wing 's dispersal .
Apart from the parade as elsewhere , there indeed had been no special celebration for the airmen , that vital body of skills , service sacrifice which had made the Air Force great - no Anniversary dance , no party , no half day off .
The head seemed to have forgotten the importance of the heart !
Later in the week I carried out a sample survey of 20 airmen at two stations , none of whom knew there was anything special about this week !
Virtually nothing was in the press and I was particularly acid with the Government and perhaps less forgiving of the apparent apathy of much of our RAF to its great past .
However , RAF Tangmere , doyenne of the UK 's fighter stations , had laid on an excellent do for Thursday , April 4 .
The unit had asked us , No.1 ( F ) Squadron , to return to our pre-war home after first flying over their " Freedom of the City " parade / march past through Chichester .
The previous Friday I had developed a heavy cold and with the impending important visit to Tangmere , I dosed myself with some strong quick - cure anti-histamine drugs bought from a chemist before being prescribed more triominic drugs by the station doctor on the Monday ( April 1 ) .
These drugs , he said , would make me sleepy but in fact had the reverse effect , keeping me ultra alert and sleepless .
Despite the lack of sleep I still felt particularly alert on Thursday ( April 4 ) and was ' box man ' for a group of four No.l Squadron
_________________________________________________________________________________________________________
" What on earth is the matter with the youth of today ?
In my day we used to fly whole squadrons of aeroplanes through bridges .
At Rouen all of No. 1 Squadron Hurricanes flew under the transporter bridge one behind the other . "
G. Plinston ( Sqn / Ldr Ret'd ) Flight International ( April ' 68 )
" It was a bloody silly thing to do . " Spokesman Port of London Authority .
" Please do n't condemn or punish the dare - devil pilot who swept across London .
It did me - and a lot of other people a world of good .
I shall always remember the feeling of pride as I thought of that chap in control of so much power and it revived memories of those wonderful fellows who during the war , fought for our survival . "
Kay Kacilquham ( Miss )
Daily Express Letters .
_________________________________________________________________________________________________________
En route we performed over Brighton 's air display , later arriving on time to the second over Tangmere 's parade for a small impromptu work up with some difficult square box work over Arundel Castle .
We had been told to expect visitors and the press on landing , so as was our standard operational procedure , hid our bone domes on the cockpit floor and used our relaxed `boater on ' traditional routine for the last part of our taxy - in !
Tangmere hospitality was excellent , with a cocktail party and dance attended by the Duke of Norfolk , the then No.38 Group DSC * DFC *
The party at RAF Tangmere was a good one : champagne flowed !
I had two - and - a - half hour 's sleep , awakened by the loud throbbing downwash of a helicopter from Thorney Island flying very close to the Mess , partly on a recovery mission to pick off our boss 's boater which had somehow found its way to the top of a rather inaccessible Tangmere flagpole !
With what turned out later to be suppressed pneumonia emphasised by the anti-histamine drugs I had been given , champagne , high spirits and lack of sleep , my mind had evidently " speeded " up and I was quite unable to go to sleep again .
My mind went back over the past three or four days and the Government 's decisions of the last few years .
Surely I was not alone feeling strongly that the tremendous contribution of the RAF had been sold rather short on its 50th Anniversary ?
With the Anniversary week coming to a close , I concluded that at least one celebration flag wave across the Houses of Parliament , Downing Street , the Ministry of Defence and most of all the RAF Memorial that day was quite in order .
In our young Air Force we had always been taught that an ounce of timely action and initiative was worth whole weighty volumes of passive , pompous pontification .
When I was a youngster the solitary , camouflaged Spitfire had done just this to commemorate the Battle of Britain and so many unsung heroes in the Air Force 's worldwide service .
_________________________________________________________________________________________________________
" Suddenly there was the most thunderous roar .
I looked up and , whoomph , a big silver jet roared by .
I did n't get a chance to see any of its markings . "
George Tapper
Tower Bridge Watchman .
" The flight was unauthorised ; an investigation is being made .
We cannot say what , if any , disciplinary action might be taken against the pilot . "
Spokesman Ministry of Defence .
_________________________________________________________________________________________________________
The weather was ideal .
When decided upon the scheme , it was just the normal routine of how best to achieve target objectives both effectively and safely .
Hell - I thought - how can any Government court martial the spirit of its most famous and historically important airfield ?
Tangmere was flying - I was a mere passenger in a single seat fighter !
London lay astride my straight - line return route to West Raynham .
All I needed was to lose contact with the other
My route over London would obviously have to be low level .
To reduce the Rolls - Royce Avon 's noise and inconvenience to Londoners , I would cut my speed down and drop my flaps once I was over the built up areas .
At idling thrust , the
A recent squadron intensive bombing programme in minimum planning , dogfight recovery , opportunity " off the cuff " , low level navigation stood me in good stead .
Without any ruler I sketched the route I was to follow on my quarter million map , scribbling on rough timing marks for my
Fuel figures were rechecked and headings to steer were put on .
Next I stowed away my maps as nonchalantly as possible in my large flying suit pockets .
Not being in a car , I did n't have a detailed map of Central London in or under this particular dashboard .
However , I had wandered into an airmen 's crewroom and asked to borrow an AA book for a quick peep .
The total inadequacy from a flying point of view of the tiny red , squiggly map of Central London discouraged me greatly , without enlightening one iota .
Eventually , the OK had been received from West Raynham about the Norfolk weather .
With an acrid hiss from the
At once I felt relaxed and safe in my homely cockpit environment .
We checked in on Tangmere 's local traffic radio frequency and began taxying out slowly , the last section of the last
We turned onto the runway after carrying out our normal vital pre-take - off checks - Bang seat live , trim , fuel , flaps , instruments , oxygen , hood , harness and hydraulics .
The previous Friday I had developed a heavy cold and with the impending important visit to Tangmere , I dosed myself with some strong quick - cure anti-histamine drugs bought from a chemist before being prescribed more triominic drugs by the station doctor on the Monday ( April 1 ) .
These drugs , he said , would make me sleepy but in fact had the reverse effect , keeping me ultra alert and sleepless .
Despite the lack of sleep I still felt particularly alert on Thursday ( April 4 ) and was ' box man ' for a group of four No.l Squadron Hunters led by Flt Lt Mike Webb , recently posted from No.8 Squadron , for the formation flight from West Raynham to Tangmere .
I was apparently given the deputy leadership as ' whipper in ' because I had been given my head on April 1 and in any case was to lead the whole squadron of Hunters out to El Adem in Libya later in the month .
__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________En route we performed over Brighton 's air display , later arriving on time to the second over Tangmere 's parade for a small impromptu work up with some difficult square box work over Arundel Castle .
We had been told to expect visitors and the press on landing , so as was our standard operational procedure , hid our bone domes on the cockpit floor and used our relaxed `boater on ' traditional routine for the last part of our taxy - in !
Tangmere hospitality was excellent , with a cocktail party and dance attended by the Duke of Norfolk , the then No.38 Group AOC , Air Vice - Marshal ' Mickey ' Martin CB AFC of 617 Squadron Moehne Dam fame , the Mayor of Chichester and Group Captain Pater Latham AFC whom I had met at 26 Squadron South African reunion and at Raynham , who was now Grp / Capt Ops No.38 Group .
In a rather supercharged state and after so little sleep on the toxic drugs I had been prescribed , I filled the odd available ear about subjects dear to my heart ... in particular the fighting effectiveness of the RAF and the poor celebrations during this special year .
The party at RAF Tangmere was a good one : champagne flowed !
I had two - and - a - half hour 's sleep , awakened by the loud throbbing downwash of a helicopter from Thorney Island flying very close to the Mess , partly on a recovery mission to pick off our boss 's boater which had somehow found its way to the top of a rather inaccessible Tangmere flagpole !
With what turned out later to be suppressed pneumonia emphasised by the anti-histamine drugs I had been given , champagne , high spirits and lack of sleep , my mind had evidently " speeded " up and I was quite unable to go to sleep again .
My mind went back over the past three or four days and the Government 's decisions of the last few years .
Surely I was not alone feeling strongly that the tremendous contribution of the RAF had been sold rather short on its 50th Anniversary ?
With the Anniversary week coming to a close , I concluded that at least one celebration flag wave across the Houses of Parliament , Downing Street , the Ministry of Defence and most of all the RAF Memorial that day was quite in order .
In our young Air Force we had always been taught that an ounce of timely action and initiative was worth whole weighty volumes of passive , pompous pontification .
When I was a youngster the solitary , camouflaged Spitfire had done just this to commemorate the Battle of Britain and so many unsung heroes in the Air Force 's worldwide service .__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________The weather was ideal .
When decided upon the scheme , it was just the normal routine of how best to achieve target objectives both effectively and safely .
Hell - I thought - how can any Government court martial the spirit of its most famous and historically important airfield ?
Tangmere was flying - I was a merein a single seat fighter !
London lay astride my straight - line return route to West Raynham .
All I needed was to lose contact with the other Hunters immediately I was airborne , somehow slipping off to the north unobserved and without arousing suspicion .
The other three pilots had been lukewarm about joining in on yet another ding !
My route over London would obviously have to be low level .
To reduce the Rolls - Royce Avon 's noise and inconvenience to Londoners , I would cut my speed down and drop my flaps once I was over the built up areas .
At idling thrust , the Hunter was a very quiet bird of prey .
The lower I was , the less likely I would encounter any other air traffic - not too many aircraft transit throttled back at 80 feet !
Although I was obviously going to break the odd regulation to carry out my protest celebration flight , my 15 year 's flying dictated as careful and professional sortie as possible .
A recent squadron intensive bombing programme in minimum planning , dogfight recovery , opportunity " off the cuff " , low level navigation stood me in good stead .
Without any ruler I sketched the route I was to follow on my quarter million map , scribbling on rough timing marks for my Hunter 's various speeds , 420kts , 360kts , 210kts , 420kts and climb out .
Fuel figures were rechecked and headings to steer were put on .
Next I stowed away my maps as nonchalantly as possible in my large flying suit pockets .
Not being in a car , I did n't have a detailed map of Central London in or under this particular dashboard .
However , I had wandered into an airmen 's crewroom and asked to borrow an AA book for a quick peep .
The total inadequacy from a flying point of view of the tiny red , squiggly map of Central London discouraged me greatly , without enlightening one iota .
Eventually , the OK had been received from West Raynham about the Norfolk weather .
With an acrid hiss from the Avpin engine starter system and a roar , my Hunter ' H' Hotel XF442 , a substitute for my own " Bravo " " B " flight commander 's aircraft , started up with the others .
At once I felt relaxed and safe in my homely cockpit environment .
We checked in on Tangmere 's local traffic radio frequency and began taxying out slowly , the last section of the last Hunters and fighters of the RAF to fly into and out of our nation 's historically greatest fighter airfield .
I was to take off as Number Four in the lead section of four aircraft .
A singleton Hunter with our squadron commander , Sqn Ldr Spike Jones , on board was taking off immediately behind me , making five in all , all FGA9 single seat fighter ground attack aircraft .
We turned onto the runway after carrying out our normal vital pre-take - off checks - Bang seat live , trim , fuel , flaps , instruments , oxygen , hood , harness and hydraulics .
As we accelerated , rolling down Tangmere 's runway in two pairs and a singleton , with a five second stream spacing , my main pre-occupation was how best to break away from the rest of the section without attracting anyone 's attention .
I was aware that a pair of eyes were looking down my jetpipe as we took off to the east .
Immediately after take - off and the reassuring , quiet rumble and clonk had signalled the wheels locked up , I watched as the
I eased my throttle back , reverse rolled and slipped gently away from the others towards the north , descending rapidly to low level to melt my
With things to do , I certainly did n't need a dialogue on the cancellation of TSR2 or the rights and wrongs of initiative !
Before taking off on my way north I had realised my route would take me close to Dunsfold 's idyllic , rural aerodrome , the airfield home of Hawkers where such a small team had assembled and tested so many fine and famous aircraft for the RAF , including my own much loved
Two brief minutes later I was at my " initial point " over the lakes three miles south of London Airport .
As I banked to the right , turning clear and safely below London Airport 's approach lane , I saw a stately Boeing 707 glidesloping its studied , final approach onto Heathrow 's westerly runway .
Crossing the green area of Richmond Park , I joined the silvered brown
Thames , following its sharp , sinuous bends down river in a melody of delightful Fairey and Dowty banked reversals .
Over London the weather was still one of those rare perfect , 8/8 Gordon's , crystal , gin clear days when all the colours shout out brightly .
Definitely cerulean , not just azure .
There was not a breath of wind ; the blue sky too shone cloudlessly .
For obvious reasons at this stage my crumpled quarter inch map , of the route became useless .
I had no 50,000 or 100,000 target map on this particular sortie !
With bursts of flap and power , I now concentrated all my attention on flying down the centre of the stream , startled by the varied beauty in the arches of each bridge just seconds apart .
I swept round over Wandsworth , Battersea and Chelsea bridges , keeping a special eye open for any helicopters .
_________________________________________________________________________________________________________
" I saw the plane swooping down .
I thought it was going to crash .
Then it straightened out , shot over our heads and flew under the bridge .
I thought I was dreaming .
It appeared in a flash and was gone in seconds . "
Peter Arnold
Steward on the Baltic Sun , moored near Tower Bridge .
_________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Straightening up after the next bend , I crossed Vauxhall Bridge and there , a mile or so ahead , was that familiar and splendid silhouette of the Houses of Parliament , viewed within a special sense of Triplex privacy .
This was my main target area .
As I banked over climbing slightly to circle Whitehall and the historic seat of British government , I had to open my throttle fully to maintain a good tight orbit .
I realised this would put the noise level up considerably , which up to now I had been careful to keep as low as possible to avoid offence or complaint .
As I put the Rolls - Royce power on , I decided that this was perhaps what was really necessary at this juncture to wake up our MPs and remind other august figures , sitting chairbound at their ministerial desks below , that we still had a fighting Air Force , one small unit of which was celebrating its anniversary , despite the dead hand of government policy and the sickening cut - backs of previous years .
The message to Westminster was received .
A debate was interrupted .
Later a four MP cross party inter-service motion of support for the tribute was ruled retrospectively out of order .
Quashed , it was reportedly deleted from Hansard !
Three times I circled , fascinated like any Gulliver looking down at Lilliput by the scene below , and with not dissimilar motives to its author either , exactly as Big Ben struck 12 noon .
Having been abroad for some years I was now conscious of the high Vickers Millbank tower block , which came as a surprise to one who had not been in Central London for some long time .
Its bulk spoiled the even radius of my turns .
Quite suddenly I felt a little tired , rather annoyed that , for once without a target map , I could not readily pick out No.10 .
With care I kept well clear of Buckingham Palace , which was plainly visible outside my orbit .
Surprisingly there was time idly to wonder in the final turn exactly how many regulations I was breaking at this rather exclusive and delicious moment .
After my final orbit I levelled out again over the Thames , dipping my wings past the RAF memorial and coincidentally the statue of Viscount Trenchard , who had helped to found the RAF in 1918 exactly 50 years earlier , despite tremendous opposition .
With a quick glance at my fuel I decided that , rather than cross the heavily populated area to the north or climb through the airspace used by inbound airliners , the safest plan for all concerned was for me to follow the Thames eastward at low level out into a less populated area and then turn north for home .
At one minute past noon , I turned happily down river .
Over Waterloo Bridge
I could see the architecturally pleasing Post Office Tower away over to the left , then suddenly ahead a fine view of St. Paul 's Cathedral , at this time with its lattice work curtain of scaffolding .
Despite thousands of sorties in Europe , Africa , Asia and the Middle East , I felt now like some voyeur or landscape artist , so intoxicated with the various views to the left and right of me that it was literally just before my wings crossed London Bridge when I looked ahead and suddenly saw Tower Bridge .
There , standing like some proud , strong sentinel across the Thames , this famous matronly structure blocked my low level path to the east .
Until this very instant I 'd had absolutely no idea that , of course , Tower Bridge would be there .
It was easy enough to fly over it , but the idea of flying through the spans suddenly struck me .
I had just ten seconds to grapple with the seductive proposition which few ground attack pilots of any nationality could have resisted .
My brain started racing to reach a decision .
Years of fast low level strike flying made the decision simple .
_________________________________________________________________________________________________________
" We do not regard this as a joke .
It could have had serious consequences .
There were pedestrians and vehicles on the bridge . "
Spokesman
Metropolitan police .
_________________________________________________________________________________________________________
From a trained low level pilot 's point of view it provided an interesting penetration problem .
To give added decision time I jinked hastily to line myself up directionally and pre-position down low over the river , with my eager fighter well beneath the tall cranes standing like silent , puzzled spectators on the banks .
This manoeuvre would give me a full extra three seconds of decision time to study defloration further .
There was considerable road traffic I could now see , including a red double decker bus , slowly lumbering across the famous , double - basculed bridge from north to south .
With less than half a mile or so to run , I realised that it would be easy enough to fly through , but what would be the best and safest way ?
Swiftly I concluded Sydney Camm 's favourite fighter would have to fly as close to the top structure as possible .
Rather like a reverse skip bombing run with target cues above !
At the last split second before I crossed underneath , the steel girders suddenly seemed to explode all about my cockpit , above , below and about my ears , totally engulfing canopy and one 's traditional sense of flying fun !
That microsecond my mind felt quite certain I had overcooked it and the top span would certainly take my fin off the next millisecond .
Something then happened which had only occurred once before to me , when I had mushed after pull - out from an
My
With not overmuch to hide now , I opened up a separate Anniversary sortie callsign on the
Lakenheath was next on my list and Mach .93 divebrake sonic boomletting where No.1 's fellow squadron with their parked USAF F- 100's were based .
I recalled an earlier incident , when , with three other instructors in brand new Jet Provost Mk4's in February 1962 , as leader I had called up another US base : " Four basic trainers at 10 miles , permission for slow flyby " .
Then we steamed over right on the deck at almost 400 kts to remind our transatlantic cousins how we trained our UK basic pilots at that time !
Only the other three were reported as seen by the tower !
Lastly , without really the fuel to do it justice and only after a very careful Sic transit gloria .
With less than 400 lbs of fuel now remaining , I carried out a rather hurried , inadequate , inverted run over the squadron hangars at RAF West Raynham before breaking downwind , punching down the gear and landing , with the brake parachute bobbing about contentedly behind my precious fin .
Somewhat pensively I taxied slowly in , expecting , like most other privileged fighter drivers in their time , that a formal reception committee might already be there , as on one or three previous occasions in my flying career .
As we accelerated , rolling down Tangmere 's runway in two pairs and a singleton , with a five second stream spacing , my main pre-occupation was how best to break away from the rest of the section without attracting anyone 's attention .
I was aware that a pair of eyes were looking down my jetpipe as we took off to the east .
Immediately after take - off and the reassuring , quiet rumble and clonk had signalled the wheels locked up , I watched as the Hunter behind me turned belly on to me to beat up the airfield as a farewell fighter tribute to such a legendary airfield , symbol of fighter excellence - what a splendidly good and indiscretionary Boss !
I knew that I would not now be seen by him !
I eased my throttle back , reverse rolled and slipped gently away from the others towards the north , descending rapidly to low level to melt my Hunter 's camouflage droptank deep into the dense eiderdown of the Sussex countryside .
After an intentional one - and - a - half minute delay , I then told the formation leader , with speechless code on my R/T button , that I had " lost " visual contact and pretended my radio had failed , using speechless transmissions to avoid any further embarrassing conversations on the R/ T
With things to do , I certainly did n't need a dialogue on the cancellation of TSR2 or the rights and wrongs of initiative !
Before taking off on my way north I had realised my route would take me close to Dunsfold 's idyllic , rural aerodrome , the airfield home of Hawkers where such a small team had assembled and tested so many fine and famous aircraft for the RAF , including my own much loved Hunter FGA9 .
Aware my flight would have certain consequences , I had decided to pay them a brief Anniversary visit , and after a careful check for other air traffic I streaked low over Dunsfold .
Two brief minutes later I was at my " initial point " over the lakes three miles south of London Airport .
As I banked to the right , turning clear and safely below London Airport 's approach lane , I saw a stately Boeing 707 glidesloping its studied , final approach onto Heathrow 's westerly runway .
Crossing the green area of Richmond Park , I joined the silvered brown
Thames , following its sharp , sinuous bends down river in a melody of delightful Fairey and Dowty banked reversals .
Over London the weather was still one of those rare perfect , 8/8 Gordon's , crystal , gin clear days when all the colours shout out brightly .
Definitely cerulean , not just azure .
There was not a breath of wind ; the blue sky too shone cloudlessly .
For obvious reasons at this stage my crumpled quarter inch map , of the route became useless .
I had no 50,000 or 100,000 target map on this particular sortie !
With bursts of flap and power , I now concentrated all my attention on flying down the centre of the stream , startled by the varied beauty in the arches of each bridge just seconds apart .
I swept round over Wandsworth , Battersea and Chelsea bridges , keeping a special eye open for any helicopters .
__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________Straightening up after the next bend , I crossed Vauxhall Bridge and there , a mile or so ahead , was that familiar and splendid silhouette of the Houses of Parliament , viewed within a special sense of Triplex privacy .
This was my main target area .
As I banked over climbing slightly to circle Whitehall and the historic seat of British government , I had to open my throttle fully to maintain a good tight orbit .
I realised this would put the noise level up considerably , which up to now I had been careful to keep as low as possible to avoid offence or complaint .
As I put the Rolls - Royce power on , I decided that this was perhaps what was really necessary at this juncture to wake up our MPs and remind other august figures , sitting chairbound at their ministerial desks below , that we still had a fighting Air Force , one small unit of which was celebrating its anniversary , despite the dead hand of government policy and the sickening cut - backs of previous years .
The message to Westminster was received .
A debate was interrupted .
Later a four MP cross party inter-service motion of support for the tribute was ruled retrospectively out of order .
Quashed , it was reportedly deleted from Hansard !
Three times I circled , fascinated like any Gulliver looking down at Lilliput by the scene below , and with not dissimilar motives to its author either , exactly as Big Ben struck 12 noon .
Having been abroad for some years I was now conscious of the high Vickers Millbank tower block , which came as a surprise to one who had not been in Central London for some long time .
Its bulk spoiled the even radius of my turns .
Quite suddenly I felt a little tired , rather annoyed that , for once without a target map , I could not readily pick out No.10 .
With care I kept well clear of Buckingham Palace , which was plainly visible outside my orbit .
Surprisingly there was time idly to wonder in the final turn exactly how many regulations I was breaking at this rather exclusive and delicious moment .
After my final orbit I levelled out again over the Thames , dipping my wings past the RAF memorial and coincidentally the statue of Viscount Trenchard , who had helped to found the RAF in 1918 exactly 50 years earlier , despite tremendous opposition .
With a quick glance at my fuel I decided that , rather than cross the heavily populated area to the north or climb through the airspace used by inbound airliners , the safest plan for all concerned was for me to follow the Thames eastward at low level out into a less populated area and then turn north for home .
At one minute past noon , I turned happily down river .
Over Waterloo Bridge
I could see the architecturally pleasing Post Office Tower away over to the left , then suddenly ahead a fine view of St. Paul 's Cathedral , at this time with its lattice work curtain of scaffolding .
Despite thousands of sorties in Europe , Africa , Asia and the Middle East , I felt now like some voyeur or landscape artist , so intoxicated with the various views to the left and right of me that it was literally just before my wings crossed London Bridge when I looked ahead and suddenly saw Tower Bridge .
There , standing like some proud , strong sentinel across the Thames , this famous matronly structure blocked my low level path to the east .
Until this very instant I 'd had absolutely no idea that , of course , Tower Bridge would be there .
It was easy enough to fly over it , but the idea of flying through the spans suddenly struck me .
I had just ten seconds to grapple with the seductive proposition which few ground attack pilots of any nationality could have resisted .
My brain started racing to reach a decision .
Years of fast low level strike flying made the decision simple .
__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________From
a trained low level pilot 's point of view it provided an interesting penetration problem .
To give added decision time I jinked hastily to line myself up directionally and pre-position down low over the river , with my eager fighter well beneath the tall cranes standing like silent , puzzled spectators on the banks .
This manoeuvre would give me a full extra three seconds of decision time to study defloration further .
There was considerable road traffic I could now see , including a red double decker bus , slowly lumbering across the famous , double - basculed bridge from north to south .
With less than half a mile or so to run , I realised that it would be easy enough to fly through , but what would be the best and safest way ?
Swiftly I concluded Sydney Camm 's favourite fighter would have to fly as close to the top structure as possible .
Rather like a reverse skip bombing run with target cues above !
At the last split second before I crossed underneath , the steel girders suddenly seemed to explode all about my cockpit , above , below and about my ears , totally engulfing canopy and one 's traditional sense of flying fun !
That microsecond my mind felt quite certain I had overcooked it and the top span would certainly take my fin off the next millisecond .
Something then happened which had only occurred once before to me , when I had mushed after pull - out from an FAC attack with over - sufficient aircraft weight and " g " and insufficient speed , power and thought !
Thinking I had hit the ground but missing Cloud Ninety Nine by a whisker , my heart actually had missed a couple of beats with the shock of expected imminent disaster .
After that there was the acute , physical reaction as the heart fires up to full stroke again , just like a fighter 's fuel pump , trying hard to catch up again .
My Hunter flew on , rather unexpectedly finding itself still completely functional and not a finless wonder and I headed out over Greenwich and Hornchurch , heading towards Clacton .
With not overmuch to hide now , I opened up a separate Anniversary sortie callsign on the R/T , Romeo Alfa Foxtrot 01 ( rather lost on the controllers ) .
Then , with R/T permission from the ground , ceremonially I beat up RAF Wattisham , home of some of the Lightning force and whose Station Commander was decidedly an accessory before this particular crime !
Lakenheath was next on my list and Mach .93 divebrake sonic boomletting where No.1 's fellow squadron with their parked USAF F- 100's were based .
I recalled an earlier incident , when , with three other instructors in brand new Jet Provost Mk4's in February 1962 , as leader I had called up another US base : " Four basic trainers at 10 miles , permission for slow flyby " .
Then we steamed over right on the deck at almost 400 kts to remind our transatlantic cousins how we trained our UK basic pilots at that time !
Only the other three were reported as seen by the tower !
Lastly , without really the fuel to do it justice and only after a very careful R/T check on the position of a Victor on its extended final approach lane , I flew across RAF Marham .
Thus the flight had correctly covered both halves of the former Bomber and Fighter elements which were just now combining as the new " Strike Command " .
With less than 400 lbs of fuel now remaining , I carried out a rather hurried , inadequate , inverted run over the squadron hangars at RAF West Raynham before breaking downwind , punching down the gear and landing , with the brake parachute bobbing about contentedly behind my precious fin .
Somewhat pensively I taxied slowly in , expecting , like most other privileged fighter drivers in their time , that a formal reception committee might already be there , as on one or three previous occasions in my flying career .
The birth of the Yellowjacks .
Flt Lt Pollock ( nearest the camera ) in Foland Gnat XR539 ( 08 ) flies a sortie for Bristol Siddeley 's photographer on September 11 , 1963 .
The other pilots in the picture are Flt Lt Lee Jones ( 02 ) and Flt Lt Roger Hymans ( 04 ) .
Only the normally cheerful airman was there to greet me on to my chock .
Cutting the
Next I went to ground in the
Then I went back to the squadron , climbing upstairs to tell first Boss Jones , who was with our
_________________________________________________________________________________________________________
" Flt Lt Pollock was the fifth pilot to have flown ' through ' Tower Bridge , but the first jet pilot .
The first bridge flyer was Sir Francis McLean in 1912 ; then in 1931 ' Mad Major ' Christopher Draper did it in a Puss Moth .
A Chingford chemist ' shot ' the Bridge in 1951 and was fined £ 100 and in 1954 Texan Gene Thompson did it in an Auster . . "
_________________________________________________________________________________________________________
The section leader and section downstairs meanwhile were in a slight panic - all five aircraft had taken off , verbally authorised but certainly not signed up on any authorisation sheet .
Begged to follow noble traditions and " cook the books straight " and mildly amused at their level of fear , I obliged by signing up !
Next I went up to the Mess with the Wing Commander Admin , another splendid officer also called Wood , after the Station
After a day and a half I became rather fractious at being held under close arrest for obviously " political " reasons and asked to be released to open arrest .
My deaf
However , the press made it uncomfortable and I remained cooped up inside in a state of siege .
To take the heat off I was taken to Nocton Hall .
Always an athletic climber and in high spirits - 14 years earlier I regularly climbed with , but below fellow course member Chris Bonington - I climbed out and onto a roof unnoticed and wickedly watched with some glee the intriguing denouement below .
I was transferred to Wroughton where the suppressed pneumonia following my terribly heavy cold broke out .
A combination of drugs and disillusion now slowly sapped my spirit .
Only the normally cheerful airman was there to greet me on to my chock .
Cutting the HP cock , the Hunter 's Avon shut down with that unique intermittent cacophony of cooling blades and tolerances like some giant desyncopated lawnmower .
Feeling rather pleased that I had a few more minutes before the thunder of the gods was unleashed , I asked the lad if he'd mind getting my overnight bag out of the radio bay , something I invariably did for myself .
While he proceeded with this task , I had the opportunity of doing what I wanted to but thought I might not get any chance to .
Professionally , I felt thoroughly ashamed of the scribbled marks and tatty appearance of the quarter million map on which I had navigated up from Tangmere without problem .
Certainly I did not want this dog-eared relic produced as an exhibit before some bleary Group Captain at my , or should I say Tangmere 's , Court Martial .
So I casually walked in to Wing Ops , borrowed some matches and burnt the map outside out of sight .
Next I went to ground in the MT section to chat up the switchboard girl and put through private calls to my wife , my wife 's mother and my parents .
I told them what had happened and why my Anniversary sortie was flown , that I would be under close arrest for at least a couple of days and on no account were they to say anything to the Press if badgered by them .
The station telephone operator somewhat apologetically said there was a small delay as they 'd just had two " Lightning " priority calls , quite outside her long experience .
" The balloon 's possibly gone up " I said drily , without too much revelation to her .
Then I went back to the squadron , climbing upstairs to tell first Boss Jones , who was with our OC Flying Wg Cdr Ron Wood , and later the Station Commander , Gp Capt Basil Lock , what they knew already .
By nature used to fast moving situations they took it all coolly in their stride .
Spike Jones seemed strangely relieved that Whitehall was n't littered with leaflets !
At the end it was left to me to suggest that perhaps I ought to be placed under arrest !__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________The section leader and section downstairs meanwhile were in a slight panic - all five aircraft had taken off , verbally authorised but certainly not signed up on any authorisation sheet .
Begged to follow noble traditions and " cook the books straight " and mildly amused at their level of fear , I obliged by signing up !
Next I went up to the Mess with the Wing Commander Admin , another splendid officer also called Wood , after the Station M.O. had examined me , finding me absolutely normal .
After such little sleep , I was restless .
Exhausted but unable to sleep , I asked the doc. for something to help me sleep at 1.30 p.m .
This was refused and , as was apparently normal service procedure on occasions like this , I had to wait seven hours further for them to get hold of an RAF psychiatrist .
He eventually arrived at 8.30 p.m. and after an hour or so pronounced me quite definitely of sure mind , but in a rather tired and cold - ridden body .
After a day and a half I became rather fractious at being held under close arrest for obviously " political " reasons and asked to be released to open arrest .
My deaf AOC last month was now even deafer .
With my spirits high I then started playing up , locking up my officer guard .
However , the press made it uncomfortable and I remained cooped up inside in a state of siege .
To take the heat off I was taken to Nocton Hall .
Always an athletic climber and in high spirits - 14 years earlier I regularly climbed with , but below fellow course member Chris Bonington - I climbed out and onto a roof unnoticed and wickedly watched with some glee the intriguing denouement below .
I was transferred to Wroughton where the suppressed pneumonia following my terribly heavy cold broke out .
A combination of drugs and disillusion now slowly sapped my spirit .
A month later a Summary of Evidence took place which lasted five days .
With the squadron in North Africa and almost incommunicado , my morale was shaken .
Two weeks or so later , despite the strong recommendation from Wroughton that I was quite fit enough to stand Court Martial , for political expediency the Under Secretary of State for Air pronounced in a press release that I would not be tried by Court Martial , but would be invalided out of the Air Force .
Having dispensed some Air Force justice myself , I was astounded .
I was very angry and repeatedly asked for what I knew was my statutory right , to see my
With tremendous resolve I fought back in a sinister game , the bureaucratic dice of which were increasingly loaded against me for reasons which were only to become clear fairly recently , when the Hugh Cudlipp and May 1968 " Whitehall plot " against the P.M. was revealed .
The bizarre circumstances included a later arrest : the clear statement of my true position and the drug situation at the Summary of Evidence in front of four witnesses and in writing , the cancelled Court Martial , which I had openly sought and had been declared fully fit for by the specialists ; the copy of my Summary being forcibly taken back , then later " destroyed " so it was never found again ; myself and the country being told of the outcome of a Medical Board in the press by the Secretary of State for Air before even a board had been convened ; the refusal of any help in a 10 year cover up ; the complete and absolute change of Medical Board findings before and after discharge ; the tax position switch after a threat to expose the British Government in Zurich ; the persistent withholding of any right of appeal until 1982 when my case was finally vindicated ; and the total refusal of my
Following some friendly counsel , I realised then that I had to accept Hobson 's choice and decided that my next move should be after I was actually receiving my pension .
Then I would petition against what I knew was an unjust decision , taken to avoid any public enquiry into the Government 's other arbitrary decision to cancel the Anniversary Flypast .
I received over 100 letters from the general public and all strata of present and former members of the RAF , as well as members of the other two service arms I admired most , the Royal Navy and the Special Air Service - both of which I had operated with - and they bore witness to the fact that a lot of other people were not satisfied either .
Subsequently after a painfully difficult career " re-light " in 1968 /1969 and labelled like an intellectual leper , my languages and aggressive fighter training gave me a perfect career base for success in exporting .
Tomorrow is a new day !
( Courtesy Flypast Magazine September 1981 / 82 ) PRESS CUTTINGS FLIGHT International 18 April 1968
The Man Who Shot the Bridge
The RAF pilot who flew a
He was
Whatever their views on the responsibility and possible consequences of flying a jet fighter through the 200 ft - wide , 110 ft - deep aperture framed by the towers , the bascules and the upper span of Tower Bridge , there is unanimity among pilots that it was a handsome piece of flying .
was the first pilot to fly through the bridge in a downstream direction , following the gentle sinuousities of King 's Reach from the Waterloo bend and passing over Blackfriars ' two bridges ( road and rail ) , Southwark Bridge , Cannon Street rail bridge , and London Bridge .
After clearing the last he probably had little more than five seconds to align himself with the eye of the needle presented by Tower Bridge , retaining until the last fraction of a second the option of pulling up had he found the opening partly obstructed by abnormally high vehicles , by hanging cradles or by the bascules opening .
It has been reported that
The RAF and civil authorities were tussling last week about whether
Attitudes to the Tower Bridge exploit of past and present members of the RAF whom we have questioned vary from the very strongly censorious to the frankly admiring ; but an unvarying theme was that some RAF protest was called for , without infringing flying discipline .
TOWER BRIDGE PILOT : MOVE BY MPs
By Daily Mail Reporter
SIX MPs last night put down a Commons motion on behalf of the ' Tower Bridge pilot .
But later it was withdrawn .
The MPs were advised it was unacceptable because the case against
Four of the MPs were in the RAF .
, 32 and red -haired , flew a
And he ' buzzed ' the Houses of Parliament .
Protest
It was his protest against the official refusal to allow a ceremonial fly - past over London to mark the RAF 's 50th anniversary .
Last night a legal wrangle was still going on over his daredevil exploits .
The RAF want him court , martialled .
London police want him tried in a civil court .
One of the men who had signed the motion was Sir William Teeling , a former Flight Lieutenant in the RAF , who is Conservative MP for Brighton Pavilion .
Others who had signed the motion were Mr Mark Woodnutt ( Cons. , Isle of Wight ) , a Royal Artillery officer and PoW ; Mr David Crouch ( Cons. , Canterbury ) , an Army major who was attached to the RAF as a Staff Officer ; Mr Brian Walden ( Lab. , All Saints ) , who served in the RAF ; Mr John Pardoe ( Lib. , North Cornwall ) , a Fighter Command officer , and Mr William Owen ( Lab. , Morpeth ) .
Did n't Know
flew the
He lives with his wife and four children at Hyde Close , RAF Bircham - Newton , Norfolk .
His wife Patricia .
said :
I have not spoken to anybody about this because the Ministry told me I must not .
Hunter to Tower -- Under An RAF
The MoD was investigating as we closed for press ; the supposition was that the aircraft was an FGA.9 of 1 or 54 Squadrons , which comprise the close - support wing at RAF West Raynham .
The station refused comment , but flying was taking place that day .
Visibility was excellent .
Some authorities attributed the incident to widespread resentment that the RAF had been deprived of a ceremonial fly - past over the capital on 50th anniversary day , April 1 .
The Red Arrows were expecting to make this flypast last month , but permission was presumably denied .
A Ministry of Defence spokesman to whom we were referred at press time by the duty officer at RAF West Raynham , was not then able to reveal the name of the pilot .
Queen 's RAF Tribute " A most important and , indeed , vital future for the Royal Air Force " was referred to by the Queen when she spoke at the RAF golden jubilee dinner at Lancaster House , London . on April 1 .
Her Majesty said that the future for the RAF , and for the Armed Services as a whole , would be different from the past ; but it would be most important ; " our security depends upon it , the security of our friends and allies in many parts of the world depends on it , and in the end the peace of the world depends upon it . "
A month later a Summary of Evidence took place which lasted five days .
With the squadron in North Africa and almost incommunicado , my morale was shaken .
Two weeks or so later , despite the strong recommendation from Wroughton that I was quite fit enough to stand Court Martial , for political expediency the Under Secretary of State for Air pronounced in a press release that I would not be tried by Court Martial , but would be invalided out of the Air Force .
Having dispensed some Air Force justice myself , I was astounded .
I was very angry and repeatedly asked for what I knew was my statutory right , to see my A.O.C. - in- C.
This opportunity was denied me .
I was told that if I did not accept the invaliding out , with the inducement of my small pension , my services could be dispensed with under a certain Queen 's Regulation , without any formal disciplinary action or comeback .
With tremendous resolve I fought back in a sinister game , the bureaucratic dice of which were increasingly loaded against me for reasons which were only to become clear fairly recently , when the Hugh Cudlipp and May 1968 " Whitehall plot " against the P.M. was revealed .
The bizarre circumstances included a later arrest : the clear statement of my true position and the drug situation at the Summary of Evidence in front of four witnesses and in writing , the cancelled Court Martial , which I had openly sought and had been declared fully fit for by the specialists ; the copy of my Summary being forcibly taken back , then later " destroyed " so it was never found again ; myself and the country being told of the outcome of a Medical Board in the press by the Secretary of State for Air ; the refusal of any help in a 10 year cover up ; thechange of Medical Board findings before and after discharge ; the tax position switch after a threat to expose the British Government in Zurich ; the persistent withholding of any right of appeal until 1982 when my case was finally vindicated ; and the total refusal of my A.O.C. - in- C to allow me an officer 's sole right in this sort of situation - the right to see him !
Following some friendly counsel , I realised then that I had to accept Hobson 's choice and decided that my next move should be after I was actually receiving my pension .
Then I would petition against what I knew was an unjust decision , taken to avoid any public enquiry into the Government 's other arbitrary decision to cancel the Anniversary Flypast .
I received over 100 letters from the general public and all strata of present and former members of the RAF , as well as members of the other two service arms I admired most , the Royal Navy and the Special Air Service - both of which I had operated with - and they bore witness to the fact that a lot of other people were not satisfied either .
Subsequently after a painfully difficult career " re-light " in 1968 /1969 and labelled like an intellectual leper , my languages and aggressive fighter training gave me a perfect career base for success in exporting .
Tomorrow is a new day !( Courtesy Flypast Magazine September 1981/82 ) FLIGHT
International 18 April 1968
The RAF pilot who flew a Hunter FGA.9 through Tower Bridge , London , on April 5 was no youthful prankster but a senior flight commander of 1 Sqn , RAF West Raynham , an Old Cranwellian .
and the father of four children .
He was Fit Lt. Alan Richard Pollock , aged 32 .
He was named on Sunday , April 7 , by MoD ( Air ) too late , owing to Easter press schedules , for mention in our last week 's story .
Flt Lt Pollock was placed under close arrest on April 5 and released into open arrest on April 7 .
A board of inquiry was convened at West Raynham on April 8 .
An all - party motion signed by six M Ps was tabled in the Commons in his support but was ruled unacceptable .
Whatever their views on the responsibility and possible consequences of flying a jet fighter through the 200 ft - wide , 110 ft - deep aperture framed by the towers , the bascules and the upper span of Tower Bridge , there is unanimity among pilots that it was a handsome piece of flying .
Flt Lt Pollock was the first pilot to fly through the bridge in a downstream direction , following the gentle sinuousities of King 's Reach from the Waterloo bend and passing over Blackfriars ' two bridges ( road and rail ) , Southwark Bridge , Cannon Street rail bridge , and London Bridge .
After clearing the last he probably had little more than five seconds to align himself with the eye of the needle presented by Tower Bridge , retaining until the last fraction of a second the option of pulling up had he found the opening partly obstructed by abnormally high vehicles , by hanging cradles or by the bascules opening .
It has been reported that Flt Lt Pollock peeled off from a formation returning from RAF Tangmere , where he had led four Hunters on display duties .
This might have accounted for his choice of direction .
The absence of pre-placed photographers , who always seem to have been around on previous Tower Bridge buzzings , seems to rule out premeditation .
Another explanation of why he preferred the crane - lined Upper Pool downstream of Tower Bridge for his climb - out when all previous pilots have used it for the run in may have been to avoid climbing through flight levels occupied by airliners on the approach to Heathrow had he made a westerly climb - out .
He turned to port over the City .
The RAF and civil authorities were tussling last week about whether Flt Lt Pollock should be court - martialled or tried in a civil court .
His one - man fly - past was construed in and outside the RAF as an expression of resentment felt by many in the Service - including those now responsible for deciding his punishment - of the way the Royal Air Force is being treated by the Government .
It may he that the last straw was the cancellation of the 50th anniversary fly - past over the capital on April 1 .
A fly - past planned in conjunction with the Lancaster House dinner with the Queen was cancelled at the last moment as " inappropriate . "
A mid-day fly - past , seen by the maximum number of Londoners and visitors , would have been most " appropriate " on this occasion .
Attitudes to the Tower Bridge exploit of past and present members of the RAF whom we have questioned vary from the very strongly censorious to the frankly admiring ; but an unvarying theme was that some RAF protest was called for , without infringing flying discipline .
By Daily Mail ReporterSIX
MPs last night put down a Commons motion on behalf of the ' Tower Bridge pilot .
But later it was withdrawn .
The MPs were advised it was unacceptable because the case against Flight Lieut .
Alan Pollock was still sub judice .
Four of the MPs were in the RAF .
Flight Lieutenant Pollock , 32 and red-haired , flew a Hunter jet fighter through Tower Bridge at 400 m.p.h. on Friday .
And he ' buzzed ' the Houses of Parliament .
It was his protest against the official refusal to allow a ceremonial fly - past over London to mark the RAF 's 50th anniversary .
Last night a legal wrangle was still going on over his daredevil exploits .
The RAF want him court , martialled .
London police want him tried in a civil court .
One of the men who had signed the motion was Sir William Teeling , a former Flight Lieutenant in the RAF , who is Conservative MP for Brighton Pavilion .
Others who had signed the motion were Mr Mark Woodnutt ( Cons. , Isle of Wight ) , a Royal Artillery officer and PoW ; Mr David Crouch ( Cons. , Canterbury ) , an Army major who was attached to the RAF as a Staff Officer ; Mr Brian Walden ( Lab. , All Saints ) , who served in the RAF ; Mr John Pardoe ( Lib. , North Cornwall ) , a Fighter Command officer , and Mr William Owen ( Lab. , Morpeth ) .
Flight Lieut .
Pollock flew the Hunter from RAF West Raynham , Norfolk , HQ of the No. l Hunter jet Squadron .
He lives with his wife and four children at Hyde Close , RAF Bircham - Newton , Norfolk .
His wife Patricia .
said :
I have not spoken to anybody about this because the Ministry told me I must not .
An RAF
Hunter flew through Tower Bridge , London , in a down - river direction just after noon last Friday , April 5 .
The Hunter , carrying underwing tanks , was glimpsed momentarily from Flight 's offices in a descending , mushing turn until lost to sight behind United Africa House .
Previous flights through Tower Bridge - never in a jet , and never so fast - have invariably been made in an up - river direction .
The MoD was investigating as we closed for press ; the supposition was that the aircraft was an FGA.9 of 1 or 54 Squadrons , which comprise the close - support wing at RAF West Raynham .
The station refused comment , but flying was taking place that day .
Visibility was excellent .
A Ministry of Defence spokesman to whom we were referred at press time by the duty officer at RAF West Raynham , was not then able to reveal the name of the pilot .
" A most important and , indeed , vital future for the Royal Air Force " was referred to by the Queen when she spoke at the RAF golden jubilee dinner at Lancaster House , London . on April 1 . Bridge Pilot Leaving RAF THE RAF AUTHORITIES have decided not to court martial
The MoD ( Air ) announced on May 31 that the in the light of medical opinion not to bring if he were brought to trial it would probably have a damaging effect on his health , both immediately and in the long term . "
In an unprecedented , and some might think unusual way , the statement went on to anticipate the findings of a medical board not yet convened , in adding : " When he is well enough he will come before a medical board and is expected to be invalided from the RAF . "
The decision follows by some weeks that of the City of London Police to take no action against
His implied discharge on medical grounds begs many questions , in particular those concerning the level of support which his demonstration - against the failure of the Government to acknowledge reasonably the RAF 's 50th anniversary - enjoys in the Service .
Certainly there have been several expressions of support and sympathy for Pollock 's action made to Flight by serving RAF officers in recent weeks .
In making this strange decision the MoD seems to impugn
Flight International , 18 April , 1968 " Timid " RAF Flying ?
Letters SIR , - The beating - up of Central London and Tower
Bridge by a
yet quite dead in the RAF .
The apparently timid fashion
in which some RAF aircraft have been flown at air displays during recent
years had led me to believe that pilots who were willing to fly in a
spirited fashion , using fine judgment in the process ( and thereby
increasing their efficiency as fighting pilots ) , no longer existed in
the RAF .
I bet that this flight gave the aircraft knockers and the Neddies in
Whitehall ( who do n't know what aircraft are , anyway , or so it would
seem ) something to think about .
Good luck to the pilot !
I would rather trust the defence of this country
to a handful of his type than to a great number of the timids .
Redditch , Worcs J. G. ROBINSON
32 Cha VII MAFL
" Where intoxication is brought on by unskilful medical treatment ..... a person while under its influence will not be criminally responsible for his actions .... "
Rare side effect problems were known even in 1968 from the drugs given in those previous days , linked with the lack of sleep problem on the three days before and after the flight , interacting with the ensuing pneumonia .
No -one has a right to a court martial but in law , theoretically , one should not be worse placed for not having one !
Radio Broadcast by Al - 5Apr10 I was asked to give a minor burst for the World Service , which was wanted on 5th April 2010 for them , at
http://www.bbc.co.uk/iplayer/episode/p006xbvc/Witness_Tower_Bridge_Jet/
after a BBC bloke 's editing down ( nearly correct ) his Q & A's .
Two More Copies of Press Articles About Al 's Adventure http://www.veteransnewsnow.com/2015/03/19/the-day-tower-bridge-was-so-rudely-violated/
http://www.veteranstoday.com/2015/03/17/the-day-tower-bridge-was-so-rudely-violated/
THEhave decided not to court martial Flt Lt Alan Pollock , 32 , who on April 5 flew his Hunter FGA.9 between the two towers , the bascules and the upper span of London 's Tower Bridge .
The MoD ( Air ) announced on May 31 that the AOC - in -C , Air Support Command , Air Marshal Sir Thomas Prickett , has decidednot to bring Flt Lt Pollock to trial by court martial .
Flt Lt Pollock has recently been in Ely and Wroughton RAF hospitals with pneumonia .
The statement said that medical opinion was that " , and some might think , the statement went on to , in adding : " When he is well enough he will come before a medical board and is expected to be invalided from the RAF .
" The decision follows by some weeks that of the City of London Police to take no action against Flt Lt Pollock in the civil courts .
Certainly there have been
In making this strange decision the MoD seems to impugn Flt Lt Pollock 's mental health for it is highly unlikely that a court martial would have adverse medical effects upon a man simply recently recovered from pneumonia .
There seems little doubt that from the authorities ' point of view Flt Lt Pollock 's recent illness , and a medical discharge , has provided a felicitous way of avoiding punishing Pollock for manifesting resentments widely shared throughout the Service and to the public expression of which a court martial might well have led .
Flight International , 18 April , 1968SIR , - The beating - up of Central London and TowerBridge by a Hunter signifies to me that the adventurous spirit is notyet quite dead in the RAF .
The apparently timid fashionin which some RAF aircraft have been flown at air displays during recentyears had led me to believe that pilots who were willing to fly in aspirited fashion , using fine judgment in the process ( and therebyincreasing their efficiency as fighting pilots ) , no longer existed inthe RAF .
I bet that this flight gave the aircraft knockers and the Neddies in Whitehall ( who do n't know what aircraft are , anyway , or so it wouldseem ) something to think about .
Good luck to the pilot !
I would rather trust the defence of this countryto a handful of his type than to a great number of the timids .
Redditch , WorcsJ. G. ROBINSON " Where intoxication is brought on by unskilful medical treatment ..... a person while under its influence will not be criminally responsible for his actions .... " Rare side effect problems were known even in 1968 from the drugs given in those previous days , linked with the lack of sleep problem on the three days before and after the flight , interacting with the ensuing pneumonia .
No -one has a right to a court martial but in law , theoretically , one should not be worse placed for not having one !
I was asked to give a minor burst for the World Service , which was wanted on 5th April 2010 for them , atafter a BBC bloke 's editing down ( nearly correct ) his Q & A's .
German Cabinet finally agrees to stump up £ 19bn for Greek bailout plan
Chancellor Angela Merkel 's Cabinet agreed today on a bill to give Greece £ 19 billion over three years as part of a wider bailout , as the German government realised that letting Greece go bankrupt could send the euro into a tailspin and hurt Germany 's own economy .
Merkel said the money would not only help Greece , which has been battered by the bond markets , but would help the ' stabilisation of the euro as a whole and , therefore , help the people of Germany ' .
The remark was a nod to the popular discontent in Europe 's biggest economy about having to pay so much to help a fellow European Union country that many Germans feel has been fast and loose with its finances for years .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle address a news conference after the Cabinet meeting which agreed to the Greek bailout package
The European Central Bank , meanwhile , suspended its rating limits on Greek debt .
Both moves were mandatory after European governments and the International Monetary Fund agreed Sunday to give £ 95 billion in loans to Greece over three years .
The loans came after Athens adopted a new round of austerity measures that provoked fresh uproar among Greek workers .
IMF officials say Greece could start receiving money from the rescue package in about a week .
Germany will contribute £ 9.5 billion for the first year of the bailout this year , followed by £ 12 billion over 2011 and 2012 .
The money will come in the form of credit extended to Greece the KfW Development Bank , which is backed by the German government .
The draft law backed by the cabinet now needs to pass both houses of parliament .
Merkel has fast - tracked it , hoping to have it approved this week .
The main opposition parties have already said they wo n't block the bill .
" This is the only way for us to return the euro to stability , " Merkel said of the Greek bailout .
" It is a sustainable program , spread out over many years . "
Merkel 's government had insisted on the latest Greek austerity package before it would move to free up aid .
Her party faces a crucial regional election Sunday in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany 's most populous state , and many German voters are angry that their taxes are being used to bail out Greece while Germany itself struggled through years of budget - tightening to stimulate its own economy .
" This is just the tip of the iceberg and I am afraid of it , " Werner Selmer told AP Television News at Berlin 's main train station .
" Is this necessary ?
Should we do this ?
I think yes , my feeling is yes , but I have a bad feeling , a very bad feeling . "
In Rome , Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini criticized Berlin for dragging its feet .
" The later you intervene , the worse it gets . "
Frattini said Monday , noting that the initial figure mentioned was £ 43 billion - 10 days later we decided on £ 95 billion . "
Greece announced more austerity measures on Sunday worth £ 25 billion through 2012 - including public service and pension pay cuts and higher taxes .
In response , about 1,000 garbage collectors and other striking municipal workers marched to the Greek parliament on Monday , chanting " trash for parliament , not the landfill ! "
But Prime Minister George Papandreou insisted the new measures are vital for Greece 's financial survival .
" This is a chance for a fresh start , " Papandreou said Monday .
" We are making changes that should have happened years ago . "
The ECB , the central bank for the 16 nations that use the euro , said Monday it was suspending the minimum credit rating requirement for all existing and new debt instruments " issued or guaranteed by the Greek government . "
The decision by the Frankfurt - based bank ensures that Greek debt can be used as collateral in ECB lending operations , despite the fact that Standard & Poor 's cut Greece 's rating to junk status last week .
" Clearly , desperate times call for desperate actions , and today 's ECB decision is one step in the right direction , " analysts with the Royal Bank of Scotland wrote in a research note .
Greece 's new austerity measures are expected to exacerbate its recession , but the massive rescue plan will include £ 9 billion for a " stabilization fund " to support Greek banks , Greece 's Deputy Finance Minister Philippos Sachinidis told state television on Monday .
In Paris , French Finance Minister Christine Lagarde defended the bailout , telling Europe - 1 radio it is " not a donation , it is not a subsidy " but a loan to push Greece to clean up its public finances .
She was presenting a budget amendment later Monday to the lower house of parliament allowing the government to release French aid funds for Greece .
Lagarde also said she will authorize France 's market regulator to closely monitor ratings agencies , which EU officials have blamed for fueling the Greek debt crisis .
Greek labor unions , upset over a new round of spending cuts , have planned another general strike for Wednesday .
" These cuts will kill our income .
Pensions in Greece are already very low , " said Dimos Koumbouris , head of a pensioners ' association , told the AP .
He feared the austerity measures , which cut back on holiday bonuses paid to public servants and pensioners , will force them to curtail their spending .
" Many retired people wait for their holiday bonuses to buy clothes and even extra food , " he said .
" How will these people get by now ? "
The Athens Stock Exchange opened up on the news of the loan agreement , before dropping back 1.24 percent to 1,846 .
Spreads on Greek bonds were down to 574 from above 600 in the morning .
Excerpted from Stuff by Randy O. Frost and Gail Steketee .
Copyright © 2010 by Randy O. Frost and Gail Steketee .
Re­printed by permission of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing .
All rights reserved .
This excerpt is a sample from DISCOVER 's special Brain issue , available only on newsstands through June 28 .
Image : iStockphoto
We could have found the apartment just by following the powerful musty odor that hit us as we stepped out of the elevator .
When we got to the door , my guide knocked .
No answer .
She knocked again , then a third time .
Finally , a small voice inside said , “ Who ’s there ? ”
“ It ’s Susan , the social worker .
We ’re here with the cleaning crew .
They ’re here to clean out your apartment . ”
“ Daniel ’s not here , ” the voice behind the door told us .
“ He went to get us breakfast . ”
“ That ’s OK .
He does n’t have to be here . ”
She opened the door a crack , and the door frame moved , almost imperceptibly .
Yet it did n’t really move .
The world seemed to shift , and I felt off balance for a moment .
The door opened a bit wider , and then I saw them : cockroaches , thousands of them , scurrying along the top of the door to get out of the way .
The door opened the rest of the way .
The apartment was dark , and it took a moment to appreciate what was inside .
No floor was visible , only a layer of dirty papers , food wrappers , and urine - stained rags .
A rottweiler bolted out of the back to see what was going on .
He jumped over a pile of dirty clothes — at least they looked like clothes .
From the edge of the door , the massive pile of junk rose precipitously to the ceiling , like a giant sea wave .
It could have been part of a landfill : papers , boxes , shopping carts , paper bags , dirty clothing , lamps — anything that could be easily collected from the street or fished out of a Dumpster .
It was one solid wall of trash 20 feet deep , all the way to the back of the apartment .
There must have been windows on the far wall , but they were darkened by the broken fans , boxes , and clothing covering them .
Inside the condo the sweet , pungent odor of insects and rotting food enveloped us .
Susan had instructed me to wear old clothes that I could throw out afterward .
I was grateful for the advice but wished I ’d also had a face mask — the heavy - duty kind .
I could feel the cockroaches surrounding me as I stepped in .
The walls were coated with their brown dung , and occasionally one dropped from the ceiling onto the piles of debris below .
I walked farther in to get a better look at the kitchen , or what I thought was the kitchen .
It was impossible to tell , since everything was covered with bags .
Food , mostly old and rotting , empty but unwashed tuna cans , and colorful coupons adorned the room .
There was a path into the kitchen , though it was atop six inches of trash on the floor .
I was afraid to touch anything .
I suddenly felt a great deal of sympathy for all the people I ’d met with contamination phobias :
This must be what it feels like , I thought .
Susan , the court - appointed guardian of Edith , who had struggled to open the door for us , had obtained a judge ’s order for a “ heavy - duty cleaning ” because she believed that Edith ’s health and safety were in danger , and no more moderate measure had succeeded in improving the horrific living conditions in the condo .
Edith was n’t responsible for these conditions .
It was all her brother Daniel ’s doing .
And Daniel did n’t see anything wrong with the place .
“ All of this stuff we can use , ” he insisted .
“ There is nothing wrong with our home . ”
What brain circuitry may be involved in the development of hoarding ?
Researchers at the University of Iowa compared brain - damaged patients who began abnormally collecting things following their injuries to brain - damaged patients who did not collect .
All of the abnormal collectors had damage in the middle of the front portion of the frontal lobes , while the noncollecting patients ’ damage was scattered throughout the brain .
The prefrontal region of the brain is responsible for goal - directed behavior , planning , organization , and decision making — all activities that represent challenges for people who hoard .
Brain scan studies provide additional information .
Sanjaya Saxena , director of the Obsessive - Compulsive Disorders Program at the University of California at San Diego , found lower metabolism ( an indication of the level of activity in that portion of the brain ) among hoarders in regions of the brain roughly corresponding to those identified in the University of Iowa study .
In particular , hoarders had lower metabolic rates in the anterior cingulate cortex , one region responsible for motivation , focused attention , error detection , and decision making .
Saxena ’s study examined people ’s brains while they were at rest , or at least not engaged in a task .
Subsequent research has examined what is happening in the brain when hoarders try to make decisions about discarding possessions .
Our colleague Dave Tolin at Hartford Hospital in Hartford , Connecticut , devised one such ingenious experiment .
Hoarding patients and a control group who did n’t hoard brought their junk mail to the lab .
Their brains were scanned while they watched a monitor showing the experimenter picking up their mail and holding it over a shredder .
The subjects were then asked to decide whether the experimenter should shred or save the item .
In contrast to what happened when their brains were at rest , hoarders had significantly more activity in areas such as the anterior cingulate cortex than control subjects did when trying to make the decision .
At this point , geneticists are betting that hoarding has at least some significant genetic cause , but exactly what is inherited is not clear .
One possibility is that hoarders inherit deficits or different ways of processing information .
Perhaps they inherit an intense perceptual sensitivity to visual details .
These visual details ( overlooked by the rest of us ) give objects special meaning and value to them .
Or perhaps they inherit a tendency for the brain to store and retrieve memories differently .
If visual cues ( i.e. , objects ) are necessary for hoarders ’ retrieval of memories , then getting rid of those cues is the same as losing their memories .
Whatever is inherited , it is likely that some kind of emotional vulnerability must accompany this tendency in order for full - blown hoarding to develop .
Most people who hoard save things that do n’t decay and are n’t particularly dirty , such as newspapers or clothes .
In our study of hoarding in the elderly , we found that less than a third of the cases lived in squalid conditions .
In younger samples , the proportion is even lower .
But some people , like Daniel , collect dirty and rotting stuff that invites insects and rodents .
Daniel arrived about 30 minutes after the cleaning crew started working .
He was 50 , with a medium build and lots of energy .
He complained about the crew ’s starting without him and insisted that it was his job to direct the cleaning .
Susan intervened .
She told Daniel that the place was unlivable and asked how it had gotten that way .
Daniel appeared offended , but he also seemed to enjoy the prospect of an argument .
He objected to her depiction of the apartment as unlivable and suggested that she did n’t understand the riches he had acquired .
He was lucid and could not be considered out of touch with reality .
Yet he seemed unable to tell us why he had collected all this stuff .
When I asked where it came from , he insisted that his sisters had pressured him into collecting cans and bottles for the refunds and old packs of cigarettes for the coupons they contained .
But very few bottles , cans , or cigarette packs were visible in the tidal wave of trash in the apartment .
Daniel spent most of the day insisting that there was nothing wrong with him , but for one short period he admitted that his collecting had become a problem .
He talked about how he had tried to stop collecting , and how his family had tried to help him stop by telling him what he could bring home and in what quantity .
Then , as quickly as his insight came , it was gone , and he was back to arguing with us about the unfairness of it all and about the incompetence of social workers .
We left at the end of the afternoon with the cleaning crew .
Within a month , the apartment was full again .
Daniel ’s behavior did not change .
He insisted that others misunderstood him and were misguided .
For those lacking insight into their hoarding , heavy - duty cleanings are seldom more than a short - term fix .
The condition of the home may change temporarily , but the collecting behavior does not .
Perhaps it would be impossible to get Daniel to stop collecting , but getting him to organize or store his hoard in a different manner might reduce the risk to Edith and the rest of his family .
In such cases , we encourage social services agencies , such as the one Susan worked for , to take a different approach .
Instead of clearing out the home , we recommend working with the hoarder to determine what needs to be done to meet and sustain basic standards of safety .
The effort requires the development of a personal and trusting relationship with ongoing contact .
Though potentially costly , it may in the long run result in public savings by reducing the number of heavy - duty cleanings .
Excerpted from Stuff by Randy O. Frost and Gail Steketee .
Copyright © 2010 by Randy O. Frost and Gail Steketee .
Re­printed by permission of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing .
All rights reserved .
This excerpt is a sample from DISCOVER 's special Brain issue , available only on newsstands through June 28 .
But then you read a story about how Toyota spent $ 25 million on federal lobbying , or how companies like Microsoft and Dell are mobilizing to preserve a tax loophole that diverts $ 15.5 billion from the federal Treasury , and it ’s hard to refute Professor Lessig ’s central premise .
The truth is that anyone who spends any ­significant time in the political world knows that corporate money , raised and leveraged by lobbyists , is perverting any notion of good policymaking , as surely as ice dancing perverts the idea of sport .
The problem with Lessig ’s indictment and others like it is n’t that they are too hard on lobbyists who try to influence the system .
It ’s that they ’re too easy on the politicians who cave to the pressure .
Those who denounce the recent Supreme Court ruling and call for radical reform of the campaign - finance system tend to present a picture of Washington as a modern Gomorrah , in which irresistible temptation lurks around every marble column .
If you vote the way some lobbyist wants you to vote on his obscure amendment , you will be rewarded with mountains of cash in your next campaign ; if you do n’t , that same money may be used to finance a barrage of negative ads against you .
How can we expect mere legislators to resist such titanic forces , knowing that a vote against powerful interests might well cost them their seats ?
If you drain all the fetid money from the system , well - meaning reformers seem to think , then politicians will have no incentive to bow down before corporations , and suddenly they will all behave like the statesmen we would prefer them to be .
Image Credit ... Illustration by Human Empire
The flaw here is that if our senators and congressmen really wanted to be ideal public servants , they would n’t need us to protect them from their corporate patrons .
Rather , they would simply do what ’s right and face the consequences .
That is , after all , what most Americans do when our work requires us to choose between our principles and our personal gain .
Most of us would sooner leave our jobs than follow orders to defraud clients or falsify records .
The guy at the deli counter probably is n’t going to sell you contaminated meat just because his boss orders him to , any more than your electrician is going to risk burning down your house by installing faulty alarms .
Most of the 535 senators and members of Congress do not face moral dilemmas quite this stark ( examples of cash changing hands in suitcases are , in fact , exceedingly rare ) , but they are forced to choose , constantly , between their constituents and their own self - preservation .
Is it really so outside the bounds of human nature to expect congressmen to serve the interests of the voters , even when their own ­re-elections are in jeopardy ?
Jamie Oliver 's Food Revolution a hit in US
Jamie Oliver 's programme Food Revolution , in which the celebrity chef tries to persuade America 's unhealthiest city to change its eating habits , has become one of the most popular shows in the US .
You are the " Car jumping fugitive " , and the police are after you .
Jump from car to car and complete each course before time runs out !
Play Now !
A Mobile Touchscreen Projectable On Any Flat Surface
This tiny projector casts images that you can click and swipe
Privacy and Control
In January Facebook Chief Executive , Mark Zuckerberg , declared the age of privacy to be over .
A month earlier , Google Chief Eric Schmidt expressed a similar sentiment .
Add Scott McNealy ’s and Larry Ellison ’s comments from a few years earlier , and you ’ve got a whole lot of tech CEOs proclaiming the death of privacy –especially when it comes to young people .
It ’s just not true .
People , including the younger generation , still care about privacy .
Yes , they ’re far more public on the Internet than their parents : writing personal details on Facebook , posting embarrassing photos on Flickr and having intimate conversations on Twitter .
But they take steps to protect their privacy and vociferously complain when they feel it violated .
They ’re not technically sophisticated about privacy and make mistakes all the time , but that ’s mostly the fault of companies and Web sites that try to manipulate them for financial gain .
To the older generation , privacy is about secrecy .
And , as the Supreme Court said , once something is no longer secret , it ’s no longer private .
But that ’s not how privacy works , and it ’s not how the younger generation thinks about it .
Privacy is about control .
When your health records are sold to a pharmaceutical company without your permission ; when a social - networking site changes your privacy settings to make what used to be visible only to your friends visible to everyone ; when the NSA eavesdrops on everyone ’s e-mail conversations –your loss of control over that information is the issue .
We may not mind sharing our personal lives and thoughts , but we want to control how , where and with whom .
A privacy failure is a control failure .
People ’s relationship with privacy is socially complicated .
Salience matters :
People are more likely to protect their privacy if they ’re thinking about it , and less likely to if they ’re thinking about something else .
Social - networking sites know this , constantly reminding people about how much fun it is to share photos and comments and conversations while downplaying the privacy risks .
Some sites go even further , deliberately hiding information about how little control–and privacy–users have over their data .
We all give up our privacy when we ’re not thinking about it .
Group behavior matters ; we ’re more likely to expose personal information when our peers are doing it .
We object more to losing privacy than we value its return once it ’s gone .
Even if we do n’t have control over our data , an illusion of control reassures us .
And we are poor judges of risk .
All sorts of academic research backs up these findings .
Here ’s the problem :
The very companies whose CEOs eulogize privacy make their money by controlling vast amounts of their users ’ information .
Whether through targeted advertising , cross-selling or simply convincing their users to spend more time on their site and sign up their friends , more information shared in more ways , more publicly means more profits .
This means these companies are motivated to continually ratchet down the privacy of their services , while at the same time pronouncing privacy erosions as inevitable and giving users the illusion of control .
You can see these forces in play with Google ‘s launch of Buzz .
Buzz is a Twitter - like chatting service , and when Google launched it in February , the defaults were set so people would follow the people they corresponded with frequently in Gmail , with the list publicly available .
Yes , users could change these options , but–and Google knew this –changing options is hard and most people accept the defaults , especially when they ’re trying out something new .
People were upset that their previously private e-mail contacts list was suddenly public .
A Federal Trade Commission commissioner even threatened penalties .
And though Google changed its defaults , resentment remained .
Facebook tried a similar control grab when it changed people ’s default privacy settings last December to make them more public .
While users could , in theory , keep their previous settings , it took an effort .
Many people just wanted to chat with their friends and clicked through the new defaults without realizing it .
Facebook has a history of this sort of thing .
In 2006 it introduced News Feeds , which changed the way people viewed information about their friends .
There was no true privacy change in that users could not see more information than before ; the change was in control–or arguably , just in the illusion of control .
Still , there was a large uproar .
And Facebook is doing it again ; last month , the company announced new privacy changes that will make it easier for it to collect location data on users and sell that data to third parties .
With all this privacy erosion , those CEOs may actually be right–but only because they ’re working to kill privacy .
On the Internet , our privacy options are limited to the options those companies give us and how easy they are to find .
We have Gmail and Facebook accounts because that ’s where we socialize these days , and it ’s hard–especially for the younger generation –to opt out .
As long as privacy is n’t salient , and as long as these companies are allowed to forcibly change social norms by limiting options , people will increasingly get used to less and less privacy .
There ’s no malice on anyone ’s part here ; it ’s just market forces in action .
If we believe privacy is a social good , something necessary for democracy , liberty and human dignity , then we ca n’t rely on market forces to maintain it .
Broad legislation protecting personal privacy by giving people control over their personal data is the only solution .
This essay originally appeared on Forbes.com .
EDITED TO ADD ( 4/13 ) : Google responds .
And another essay on the topic .
Posted on April 6 , 2010 at 7:47 AM • 64 Comments
Students at the University of Waterloo will soon have an edge on the rest of us when they grab lunch at the school ’s food court .
They ’ll know , from just a quick glance at the menu , whether the healthy looking salad will do more harm to their waistlines than the meat - covered pizza , or if the benign - sounding turkey club is in fact a lurking calorie bomb .
Unless policy - makers make a sudden move , the students will be the only ones in Canada to see a restaurant list an item ’s calorie content alongside its price tag .
It ’s all part of a new study to test whether posting nutrition information on restaurant menus helps people to make healthier food choices .
The study , funded by the Canadian Cancer Society , is the first of its kind in Canada .
“ This is potentially a high - profile policy issue , it ’s surprising that more has n’t been done , ” says the study ’s lead researcher David Hammond , an assistant professor at the University of Waterloo .
“ The reality is Canadians are eating more and more outside the home and really do n’t know anything about what they ’re eating .
. . .
It ’s difficult when you can have coffee products that either have 20 calories or up to 800 calories . ”
While no jurisdiction in Canada has moved to label menus , a half - dozen U.S. states , including California and Oregon , as well as New York City , have passed legislation requiring restaurant chains to post calorie information on their menus .
And the newly signed U.S. health - care bill contains national regulations that will require any restaurant with five or more locations to put the calorie content of their meals on menus .
With more than 60 per cent of Canadian adults and close to one - third of children overweight or obese , Hammond says it is critical to look at whether changes in our environment can help stem the obesity epidemic .
“ We need to make it easier for Canadians to make healthier choices and this is one option , ” says Hammond , noting the Canadian Cancer Society funded his work because of the growing link between obesity and cancer risk .
According to the Canadian Cancer Society , healthy diets , being active and maintaining a healthy body weight may reduce the incidence of cancer by up to 35 per cent .
Right now , many fast - food chains in Canada voluntarily provide nutrition information for their menu items either on their company websites or in a brochure at the restaurant .
Consumers have to make an effort to find out Tim Hortons ’ BLT sandwich contains 420 calories , for example , or McDonald ’s Caesar salad with crispy chicken has 670 calories .
Hammond ’s study will investigate whether posting calorie information on menu boards at fast - food outlets on the University of Waterloo campus affect food choices of students and faculty .
The study will also determine what kind of menu labelling is most effective by providing 600 adults with four different kinds of menus featuring Tim Hortons fare .
Hammond says the two - year study , for which he received $ 276,000 from the Canadian Cancer Society , will help move the policy debate forward in Canada .
“ We want to provide evidence to decision makers in Canada to help them determine whether or not this is a good thing to consider , ” Hammond says .
“ And if they do want to do it , what is the most effective approach . ”
U.S. studies have shown mixed results about whether menu labelling helps consumers make healthier choices .
Hammond says there is evidence that women , people who already pay close attention to their diet , and those who are well - educated and of a higher socioeconomic background make use of the nutritional information .
However , he adds , since the policy has potential to reach millions of people a day , even a modest impact will translate into a huge benefit at the population level .
“ There is some research showing that even if only one out of 10 people changes what they order and eat , and that change only amounts to about 100 calories a day , that is still millions of pounds in the population that wo n’t be added . ”
rethinking petroleum a little too hard …
Climate change deniers seem to hold on to a long discredited Russian hypothesis that oil comes from the mantle , not from dead living things decomposing under immense pressure .
When you run a blog which focuses on skepticism and fact checking , you can occasionally discover that even a seemingly common , everyday , undisputed bit of science can have its detractors .
About two months ago , two people who commented on my review of NatGeo ’s dramatic what - if scenario about our future if all the oil in the world were to suddenly vanish , alerted me to the fact that the abiogenic oil hypothesis was still alive .
Even after some five decades of research into the relevant geology and the chemistry of petroleum , there are those who think that oil is n’t a fossil fuel , but a byproduct of chemical interactions within the Earth ’s mantle and thus , we should n’t be worried about peak oil because there ’s always going to be a steady supply of it .
According to them , far from playing chicken with the limit of petroleum we can extract , the planet ’s innards are awash with the stuff .
We just need to keep securing the areas where the oil will pool into vast , underground reservoirs .
Unfortunately for the theory ’s supporters , the most cutting edge studies on the topic are products of the Soviet drive to secure oil supplies .
After the end of WW2 , it was thought that the USSR had paltry oil deposits and to figure out how to boost their reserves , the government decided to sponsor a scientific investigation into how petroleum actually forms in 1947 .
They had the first answer in 1951 from Nikolai A. Kudryavtsev ( pronounced as it ’s spelled , with an emphasis on the second syllable ) , a geologist who thought that oil could n’t have come from organic materials because no lab has ever been able to replicate the process of zooplankton and algae decomposing into kerogen and eventually , petroleum .
Since many deposits have been found in rocks which are n’t normally associated with active marine life , Kudryavtsev concluded that petroleum must be abiotic and come as a result of hydrocarbon formation deep within the Earth .
The political members of the committee that reviewed his work did n’t raise the issue of whether a lab could even simulate the temperatures and pressure necessary to create petroleum from scratch in the lab , or question the time such an experiment would require and it if was even feasible , so his hypothesis was accepted as valid .
Over decades , a number of other geologists worked on Kudryavtsev ’s ideas , refining them further and further , but the oil deposits being found in Russia at the time did n’t really support the abiogenic oil hypothesis .
Rather than abandon conventional methods of exploration , the state oil company simply improved conventional ideas and found the fields the old fashioned way .
At the same time , more in depth work on the chemistry of oil saw a clear link between living things and oil formation in the form of chemicals which were best explained by living marine organisms going about their day , dying , entering the carbon cycle , and eventually decomposing into a mix of organic compounds called kerogens , supporting the theory that marine shale is the origin of oil as we know it .
The temperatures for all the required reactions during the process could be found in a kitchen without much effort , but the duration of the breakdown and metamorphosis makes synthesizing oil an experiment that simply could n’t be carried out on human timescale .
To give Kudryavtsev a synthetic drop of oil would ’ve taken more time than our species has been around ( which is just about 100,000 years or so ) , and this is why there was no laboratory simulation of petroleum formation in the 1950s or the 1960s .
At the same time , geologists were still trying to explain the origin of petroleum itself .
This is in part why some scientists expressed interest in the abiogenic hypothesis all the way until the 1980s .
That ’s just how science works .
When faced with a question , experts try to present and prove their solutions , and as experiments and observations mount , incorrect ideas are cast away and the best possible fit for the data is accepted as a new gold standard which subsequent theories would need to disprove while explaining the same exact data .
The supposed dispute about the origin of oil does n’t exist anymore and it will take a lot more than quotes from the past and throwing out lists of scientists to create a new debate .
It would take a brand new theory which could account for all the biomarkers in petroleum and show even a single field which ca n’t be explained by either a subterranean fluid migration , or the commonly accepted geological process .
So far , the abiogenic hypothesis has come up short in doing so and the firm scientific consensus on the subject is that oil is a fossil fuel .
See : Glasby , G. ( 2006 ) .
Abiogenic Origin of Hydrocarbons : An Historical Overview Resource Geology , 56 ( 1 ) , 83–96 DOI : 10.1111/j.1751–3928.2006.tb00271.x , complete paper via pdf .
There once was an old man .
In his youth he was blessed with a gifted
craft .
He made beautiful furniture from the wood he found on his
daily walks through the forest .
His craft gave him immense joy and he
spent all of his free time creating gorgeous pieces with wonderful
intricate decorations .
His home was full of the fruits of his talent ,
and anyone who came to visit looked in awe at the chairs , tables ,
shelves , large bowls and even child size benches .
‘ You must make me a
chair ’ they would say .
Some even suggested he rent that workshop
which had recently become vacant in the market square .
‘ People would
come from far and wide to buy your furniture ’ they would exclaim ‘ for
they truly are the most exquisite pieces ’ .
But the then young man would brush off their sincere compliments with
a wave of his hand .
‘ Bah ’ he would say .
‘ I am no trained craftsman -
anyone could make these things if they tried ’ .
But not everyone could
do so – no matter how hard they wanted , as not everyone possessed
this wonderful gift .
Other gifts they would indeed have , but not the
gift that he had .
His cumulative knowledge of the local wood , and the
possibilities certain tools provided him with together with his
limitless imagination meant that his gifts were unique .
To earn his bread , the man worked in a coal mine .
He did not like his
work .
The physical conditions were harsh .
The darkness dampened his
mood and could on occasion quash his creativity .
The pay was poor and
his boss did not appreciate the effort that was put in every day by
his workers .
‘ But you could earn so much more money selling your furniture ’ his
friends would say when Christmas came and the man hung his head in
shame at turning up and the village celebrations empty handed because
of his empty pockets .
Every year the reply was the same : ‘ But what if
no one bought my furniture .
What if …’
Family and friends of this talented man could see his spirits become
diluted with every year that passed chipping away at the dark , hard
coal .
The difference between the man on a work day and one a free day
was like night and day .
In his home workshop he was alive .
His wood
spoke to him , every knot had a life .
With every piece he created his
talent blossomed further .
‘ Why do n’t you leave your work in the mines
and sell your furniture instead ? ’ they questioned .
‘ It is a tragic
loss that your house is full of these beautiful pieces and no one
except you gets to appreciate them . ’
‘ People need heat .
People need
coal .
If I do n’t help give them coal then , why , they may as well burn
my furniture to warm their houses ’ was his reply .
‘ But what about
their souls ?
Will your gifts not warm them as much ? ’
But every time
he would cut short the conversation with a gruff ‘ bah !’.
As the years drifted on , so did his friends .
No longer could they
stand the dark moods , the refusal of invitations so that he could
spend his free time doing the one thing that brought light in to his
world .
And so by the time the man was old and retired from the coal
mine , he was alone .
Finally he had all the time he needed to work on
his furniture .
Time that was now essential since he had to build a
large barn to accommodate all the pieces he made and hid away from
others .
One year , upon hearing of these lovingly crafted pieces , the king had
sent for him .
‘ Bah ! ’ grunted the man to the messenger ‘ if my chairs
are not fit enough for the cobbler , the baker , or even the priest ,
they are not fit for the rear of his Highness ’ .
‘ But his Highness
wants one of your chairs .
His Highness thinks that your chairs are
good enough for him ’.
‘ Bah … ’
And so as the man spent his retired years making and staring at his
furniture , bent double thanks to decades of chipping away in the dark
mines , his soul began to dissolve .
For while he had spent his life
underground , his soul had gradually been chipped away , turning from
light to darkness .
And soon the old man could no longer love even his
craft .
The one thing he had left – and which he had to continue with if he
was to eat – was gardening .
He planted the seeds with the tiniest
piece of joy that he had rationed himself and almost half smiled as
he watched them grow , but when it came to harvest time he waited and
waited , just a few days more , ‘ perhaps then they will be bigger ,
juicer , guaranteed to be ripe ’ ; until the breeze brought the first
signs of autumn .
A slight chill in the air .
A small shift from green
to orange .
It was then he was forced to harvest the fruits of his labour .
In his
youth his favorite was rocket – a green plant known as arugula or
ruccula in other lands .
He carefully snipped away at the delicate
green leaves and prepared a large plate of his garden ’s gifts .
He
almost felt a tingle of pleasure as he lifted a handful of rocket to
his mouth .
But the rocket was now too old .
It had past its best .
It
looked alive but it was bitter as hell .
For the first time in his adult life the man cried realizing that he
had wasted his life in the mines while his home was full of furniture
that was the real manifestation of his love .
With the wisdom the
years bring he could see that his ‘ sacrifice ’ was not even worth it .
The coal he mined was now burned and forgotten .
His gifts , however ,
would have lasted an eternity .
File Photo : Dave Mandel / Sherdog.com
The UFC on Monday made official a matchup that for weeks it had vehemently denied and appeared to have worked to cover up .
Hall of famer Chuck Liddell and former middleweight king Rich Franklin will square off in the UFC 115 “ Liddell vs. Franklin ” headliner on June 12 at the GM Place in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
The promotion confirmed the main event the day before tickets went on sale to UFC Fight Club members and three days prior to their being made available to the general public .
Liddell was originally expected to meet arch rival Tito Ortiz for a third time at the event , as the two former champions are coaching opposite one another on Season 11 of “ The Ultimate Fighter ” reality series ; the season premiered on March 31 .
Ortiz ’s immediate future remains unclear .
Sherdog.com reported the Liddell - Franklin matchup in March , citing multiple sources .
White later issued a public denial via Twitter and pointed towards a fight pairing Franklin with Randy Couture .
“ We are doing couture vs franklin not chuck , ” his post read .
On March 29 , the UFC held a media conference call to promote the Liddell - Ortiz rematch , even though numerous outlets had reported the fight was no longer happening .
Ortiz was not present on the call .
“ I ’ve heard the rumors , of course , but from what I understand , [ Ortiz ] signed to fight and he ’s still coming at me , ” Liddell said during the call .
“ He ’s still going to actually show up and get his beating again .
I think I earned it having to put up with him for seven weeks [ during taping of ‘ The Ultimate Fighter ’ ] .
” Liddell also addressed the Franklin report directly during the call , either unaware the change had been made or toeing the company line .
“ I hope that ’s not true , ” he said .
“ I want [ Ortiz ] bad , so this would really upset me if this does n’t happen .
” The 40 - year - old Liddell last competed in April 2009 , when he succumbed to first - round strikes from 2005 Pride Fighting Championships middleweight grand prix winner Mauricio “ Shogun ” Rua .
Urged by White to retire , Liddell instead took a spot on ABC ’s “ Dancing with the Stars , ” hinting all the while that he intended to return to the cage .
He has lost four of his last five fights but carries with him one of the sport ’s most impressive resumes , including a pair of wins over both Ortiz and Couture .
The 35 - year - old Franklin has not fought since his technical knockout loss to Vitor Belfort in September .
He holds notable victories over Brazilian legend Wanderlei Silva , the world - ranked Yushin Okami and the late Evan Tanner
The quote is from William F. West , a professor of federal administration at the Bush School of Government and Public Service at Texas A&M , commenting to the Boston Globe on Obama Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan shortly after she was nominated to be solicitor general last year .
The New York Times ' Charlie Savage explains how a Kagan nomination could shift the balance of the court on key civil liberties vs. war on terrorism issues .
But Kagan 's pro-government position extends to criminal justice issues , too .
In her current position , Kagan and her subordinates have filed amicus briefs and argued the pro-prosecution , pro-law enforcement position in every criminal justice - related case to come before the Supreme Court since Obama took office .
In cases where the constitutionality of a federal law was in question , you could argue that because of her position , Kagan was obligated to defend the law whether she agreed with it or not .
But her office could at the very least have merely remained silent on cases like Alvarez v. Smith ( a challenge to the Illinois asset forfeiture law , which is much more government - friendly than the federal law ) , or Alaska , District Attorney 's Office v. Osborne ( arguing that the states should grant post - conviction DNA testing if doing so could show factual innocence ) .
Kagan 's office also argued against expanding the rights of the accused and wrongly persecuted when a specific federal law was n't in question , such as when she argued that prosecutors who manufacture evidence that leads to the conviction of an innocent person should not be subject to lawsuits ( Pottawatomie vs. McGhee ) , and that the Constitution 's Confrontation Clause does n't protect the right to cross examine forensic experts ( Melendez - Diaz v. Massachusetts ) .
Most recently in U.S. v. Stevens , her office argued in favor of a federal law banning the sale of videos depicting animal cruelty , taking a broadly censorious position that First Amendment rights be balanced with " societal costs . "
That position was rebuked as " preposterous " in an 8 - 1 opinion authored by Chief Justice Roberts .
Which makes Kagan more pro-censorship than Roberts , Scalia , Kennedy , or Thomas .
( She also argued the pro-censorship position in Citizens United , but while no less troubling , that 's less surprising . )
It 's also not surprising to hear that Kagan and Obama " think alike . "
Obama 's rhetoric on civil liberties shifted nearly the day he took office .
When it comes to fulfilling campaign promises , Obama has been bold and fearless in pursuing policies and initiatives that expand the size and power of government ( and , consequently , his own power ) , and somewhere between compromising and submissive on promises that would limit the power of government and protect our rights and freedoms .
So Kagan may well be the perfect nominee for him .
She 's a cerebral academic who fits Washington 's definition of a centrist :
She 's likely defer to government on both civil liberties and regulatory and commerce issues .
And though libertarians allegedly share ground with Republicans on fiscal and regulatory issues and with Democrats on civil liberties issues , neither party cares enough about those particular issues to put up a fight for them .
Which is why Kagan sailed through her first confirmation hearings , and is widely predicted to sail through the hearings for her nomination to the Supreme Court .
Justice Stevens ' reputation as a stalwart defender of civil liberties was probably overstated .
Which makes it all the more disappointing that Obama 's choice to replace him will almost certainly make the Court even less sympathetic to the rights of the accused .
And taken with Obama 's decision to replace Justice Souter with Sonia Sotomayor , a former prosecutor with a " tough on crime " reputation , the candidate who touted his days as a community organizer for the powerless and dispossessed and who decried the criminal justice system 's disproportionately harmful treatment of minorities and the poor during the campaign will now almost certainly leave the Supreme Court more law enforcement - friendly and more hostile to criminal defendants than he found it .
Reviews BETTER THAN REAL ARTIFICIAL GRASS
All the information come from the emails between our sales person and customers .
We have a pleasant cooperation .
Intimate and timely service , high quality products help us win customers praise .
Excellent Nina , appreciate !
I will tall with your about the next whole year artificial grass order .
Thank you !!
Lic.
Manuel Paddilla Hi VIVIAN ,
Production Sample recd just now .
We are more than
satisfied with Quality .
100 % ok .
Yarn is better and
softer .
Overall we are satisfied with the production received
today , kindly confirm back .
Amit Jain Dear Angela
We are planning the purchase of your artificial grass
for this year .
The prices that you put me , yes they are
good for us .
We want to enlarge our catalog , please
inform me of other products that your manufacture .
Only and exclusively of your manufactured .
We
do n't want middlemen .
Hogar
Following the news that Final Fantasy IX will see a release on the Japanese PSN , Square Enix has revealed that the original Playstation classic RPG will receive a digital launch on the PS3 in North America as well , naturally .
The good word arrives alongside Square Enix announcing a release date of May 20 for the Japanese version of the relaunch .
No word has been provided as of yet for price on either versions with a release date for the NA PSN “ coming soon . ”
FFVII and FFVIII have already been given the re-release treatment and both were met with more than a solid reception .
5 Top Tips for a Professional Photography Portfolio
The creative industry can be very difficult to break into , even at the best of …
Read more
Following in the footsteps of Slacker and Facebook , Verizon is now pushing the YouTube app out to Storm users .
Reports have been flying in of the icon popping up , and if you have n't seen it yet you will after a reboot .
The app has been available for download for a while , and if you have n't checked it out you may want to give it a whirl .
It looks like its only hitting the Storm for now , but other Verizon devices are sure to follow .
Just a reminder that the pushed icon is a shortcut to download the app - so if you do n't want it you 'll have to just hide the icon and be done with it .
Thanks to everyone that sent this in !
Asus has been teasing us with a computer - in - a - keyboard called the Eee Keyboard since early last year .
The computer has yet to make it to market , but Asus did put out a short promotional video this week that shows just what you would do with a device like the Eee Keyboard .
Basically , the Eee Keyboard is a home entertainment computer .
It does n’t have a powerful processor or graphics for playing hardcore video games or transcoding video .
Instead , it features netbook - like specs that are good enough for surfing the web and performing other light weight tasks , including watching web video or streaming local video over a home network .
The Eee Keyboard connects to a TV or monitor over a wireless HDMI connection , which makes it easy to sit on a couch or bed and watch YouTube on your TV set .
The keyboard also has a built in touchscreen LCD , but it ’s not large enough to function as a primary display .
Instead , it ’s a secondary display that you can use to launch applications and load widgets such as a weather app .
Asus has said that the Eee Keyboard should be available soon … and the release of this video shows that the company is at least getting ready to start marketing the unusual device .
But there ’s still no word on retail availability .
You can check out the video after the break .
via Eee PC.it
Share this article : Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Pocket
Tumblr
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Email
Fededx posted
10/09/2011 , 02:47
I bought it really cheap , and it's a fine RPG .
Not the best , but it 's good .
An 8.5 out of 10 maybe for me :)
Message | Report I bought it really cheap , and it's a fine RPG .
Not the best , but it 's good .
An 8.5 out of 10 maybe for me :)
elmerion posted
27/03/2010 , 02:20
This game is an average JRPG with a dull story , RPG's are probably going to like it , but it really doesnt offer anything new or exciting to keep you playing
Message | Report
This game is an average JRPG with a dull story , RPG's are probably going to like it , but it really doesnt offer anything new or exciting to keep you playing
Faxanadu posted
24/03/2010 , 09:57
Never heard of this .
I am intrigued .
How much of it is like Battle of Olympus ?
Message | Report Never heard of this .
I am intrigued .
How much of it is like Battle of Olympus ?
Fededx posted
24/03/2010 , 09:03
I want this game , despite the reviews ...
It 's a Nintendo game , it should be good ...
Message | Report I want this game , despite the reviews ...
It 's a Nintendo game , it should be good ...
nordlead posted
08/02/2010 , 05:35
wow , this started off really bad in the US .
Message | Report wow , this started off really bad in the US .
The Digital Economy Bill has passed its second reading in the UK's House of Commons and will be taken to a third today .
During the reading , accuracy was thrown to the wind as Swedish Pirate Party leader Rick Falkvinge was reported as imprisoned .
Over the last year , TorrentFreak has covered the controversies surrounding the Digital Economy Bill ( DEB ) extensively .
ISPs do n’t want it , many MPs do n’t want it , the legal profession does n’t think it ’s legal and over 20,000 people have emailed their elected representatives to voice their displeasure .
Championed by Baron Mandelson after an entirely coincidental holiday meeting with Dreamworks co-founder David Geffin , the Bill has now taken another step in its rush to become law before the end of Parliament , despite all the protests and criticisms .
The Bill , which the UK Pirate Party say “ will shape the future of technological and artistic progress ” was not important to most MPs .
Through the 5 hours of debates , only around 20 MPs were present , including just one from the Liberal Democrat party – Don Foster ( Lib - Dem , Bath ) – who had pledged not to vote for the Bill .
Debate was mostly back and forth over the contentious issue of disconnections , but industry figures and unverified estimates were again quoted as fact .
Many ( including Labour MPs ) were outraged at the Government for having left it so late to try and rush through a Bill as complex and controversial as this .
It did , however , get passed at this second reading and will be taken to a third tomorrow .
The low turnout did n’t stop the invective , however , or the silly comments , lies , inaccuracies and other miscellaneous statements , all of which were picked up on Twitter ( over 16,000 tweets under the #DEB and # DEBill tags ) , and analyzed a great deal more thoroughly than by these MPs that had apparently read the Bill .
Some of the most memorable points include :
“ The creative industries have grown at twice the rate of the economy as a whole over the past 10 years , and they should do so again over the next 10 ” .
Ben Bradshaw MP
[ on Clause 43 – Orphan works ]
“ Let me provide an example of where this is already going wrong .
An image of none other than the great Lord Mandelson himself is apparently being used to market a Russian vodka , with the caption , “ When only the best is good enough ” .
If ever we needed proof that captions to pirated images can be misleading , surely that is it . ”
Jeremy Hunt MP
“ The Government could have brought this Bill before Parliament ages ago , because these issues have been in the public domain for years .
The Gowers review of intellectual property is so old it is practically out of copyright . ”
Jeremy Hunt MP
“ I can not see how the Bill takes on India or China ; I simply cannot see a single provision that does so .
They are not going to settle for 2 megabytes ; they are going to settle for 100 — and much , much more . ”
Derek Wyatt MP
“ Listen , if we want the smartest , most creative industry , we have to tackle intellectual property and copyright together .
They cannot just be shunted in as a couple of paragraphs ; they are so fundamental to the reason why people write music , sing or create whatever they do . ”
Derek Wyatt MP
And most amusingly :
“ People are not talking about co-operating and sharing their own thoughts and content , but are stealing someone else ’s content and sharing that .
There is an Armageddon , which has partially arrived in Sweden , where the Pirate Party , whose leader is in jail , won seats in the European Parliament on the basis that everybody ’s work — including MP4 ’s — should be free . ”
Michael Connarty MP . Rick Falkvinge was quick to point out that he remains a free man .
” Despite rumors to the contrary , it is still not illegal in Sweden to hold political opinions that would bring the country into the digital age , ” he told Torrent Freak .
“ Such a society would be atrocious and far out of line from all Human Rights Conventions .
One might also wonder what other facts proponents of the Digital Economy Bill have gotten entirely wrong . ”
The Bill passed despite extensive opposition from many MPs present , who had concerns over specific amendments and the breakneck pace the Bill is being forced through with virtually no debate .
The sensible suggestion that it be left for the next Government to reintroduce was derided as it is “ needed now ” , despite the fact that those industries have not only survived , put prospered without the Bill for the last 10 years .
Meanwhile , the MPs were not so much concerned with the public outcry , as the sartorial comments on Twitter .
The Bill now gets a total of two hours for Committee , Reports and its third reading later today , after which it will be ( probably ) passed .
The first two hours of debate can be watched on the BBC website and the transcripts are here .
The third reading of the DEB is scheduled for tonight and if the bill passes it will head over to the Lords where it will be signed into law .
University of Illinois , USA Daniel Simons
( © 2010 Daniel Simons )
You might have heard about my earlier demonstration in which people fail to notice a person in a gorilla suit when they are busy counting how many times a group of people pass a basketball ( see www.theinvisiblegorilla.com).
People can only experience the gorilla effect once - after they know to look for a gorilla , it is no longer unexpected .
But what would happen if we tried showing you another video just like it ?
If you know that something unexpected might happen , and you actively look for unexpected events , does that make you more likely to notice them ?
Try it for yourself .
Daniel Simons ’s presentation of “ The Monkey Business Illusion ” at the Best Illusion of the Year contest in 2010 .
He gave the presentation while wearing a gorilla suit .
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
Curt Jarant 's family denied knowing he was dead
An airport worker who helped two women lift the body of a dead relative from a taxi , before they tried to check him in for a flight , said he knew he was dead .
Gitta Jarant and Anke Anusic tried to check in the body of Curt Willi Jarant for a flight to Berlin at Liverpool John Lennon Airport on Saturday .
They said they thought the 91 - year - old , who was wearing sunglasses and was in a wheelchair , was asleep .
Andrew Millea said the man 's face fell against his , and it was " ice cold " .
" I knew straight away that the man was dead , but they reassured me that he ' always sleeps like that ' , " he said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Mr Millea said he alerted security staff at the airport and the family was led to a side room where first - aid staff confirmed the man was dead .
Mrs Jarant , 66 , and Mrs Anusic , 41 , were arrested on suspicion of failing to give notification of a death .
They have been bailed until 1 June , police said .
The pair , who are German nationals living in Oldham , have denied Mr Jarant - a former pilot - had died 24 hours earlier and that they had transported his body by taxi to the airport .
Asked why Mr Jarant , who had Alzheimer 's , was wearing sunglasses , Mrs Anusic said it was because he had an unsightly eye and they did not want fellow travellers staring at him .
" So many people had seen him in the previous 24 hours , " she said .
" We had checked his temperature and checked his wellbeing .
" The accusations are wrong .
" Willi had been eating and had no fever .
" He was warm and was n't in an emergency situation . "
A post -mortem examination is due to be carried out in the next few days , police said .
Liverpool John Lennon Airport declined to comment while the police investigation was ongoing .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Life is Short .
Wrap it in Bacon .
We use cookies to give you the best experience and analyze the site use .
By continuing your browsing , you accept their use .
Saturday , May 15th
BP has resisted entreaties from scientists that they be allowed to use sophisticated instruments at the ocean floor that would give a far more accurate picture of how much oil is really gushing from the well .
“ The answer is no to that , ” a BP spokesman , Tom Mueller , said on Saturday .
“ We ’re not going to take any extra efforts now to calculate flow there at this point .
It ’s not relevant to the response effort , and it might even detract from the response effort . ”
This is the time line of events so far :
Tuesday , April 20 News broke that an explosion occurred at 11 p.m. Monday , April 26 underwater robots have discovered at least two leaks that are dumping an estimated 1,000 barrels of oil per day in the sea .
Thursday , April 29
It is discovered that the leak is not spewing the equivalent of 1,000 barrels of oil per day , but rather 5,000 .
Saturday , May 1st SkyTruth , a small non-profit , analyzed radar and satellite imagery and estimated that the oil was leaking much faster than the original official estimates .
Saturday they revised their estimate to 25,000 barrels / day !
Saturday , May 8th , First containment dome = unsuccessful
Wednesday , May 12 , BP release video of one leak and of containment dome being placed over one of the leaks
Friday , May 14 , Professor from Purdue University estimates flow rate at 70,000 barrel per day .
Saturday , May 15 , first attempt at insertion pipe = unsuccessful
Sunday , May 16 , Second Attempt underway at insertion pipe
Here are just a few , off the top of my head reasons why knowing exactly how much oil is flowing would help :
To calculate the size of the top hat , piping , boat and heating required to put on top of the leak .
Too small and wont handle it , too much and wont be able to heat it to stop the crystals from forming .
To calculate how much dispersant they need to tell their supplier to manufacture , and calculate how much to inject at the bottom of the ocean to obtain maximum effect .
To calculate how much booming will be required and to estimate , knowing the studied underwater currents , how much oil there is and where it is likely to make land fall .
To calculate the size of the pipe , pump , and plug for this threading a needle operation they intend on doing in the next day or so to one of the leaks .
To determine how much pressure they are up against and flow if they are going to attempt the junk shot .
I am sure there will be countless others .
Further , I am sure the JASONs , some of America 's finest scientists , who have been sent to the site to try to come up with plans B , C , D , E and F will ask as one of their first questions , how much flow are we talking about here ?
Obama Sends Bomb , Mars Experts to Fix BP Oil Spill
U.S. Energy Secretary Steven
Chu signaled his lack of confidence in the industry experts trying to control BP Plc ’s leaking oil well by hand - picking a team of scientists with reputations for creative problem solving .
Members of the Chu team are credited with accomplishments including designing the first hydrogen bomb , inventing techniques for mining on Mars and finding a way to precisely position biomedical needles .
Katz ’s early work focused on astrophysics , but now he consults on a wide variety of physics puzzles , he said .
He is a member of the JASON group , a think tank dedicated to researching complex problems for the U.S. Government , including the Defense Department .
Chu chose another JASON think tank member , Richard L. Garwin , for his oil spill taskforce .
Garwin , 82 , a physicist and IBM Fellow Emeritus , is a military - technology and arms - control consultant to the U.S. government .
He helped design the first hydrogen bomb in 1951 , according to the Los Alamos National Laboratory .
Chu selected one scientist with experience operating on Mars , George Cooper , a civil engineering professor at the University of California at Berkeley .
==========================================================================
As a service to BP , here are the multiple methods which are available to measure flow .
Some are obviously inappropriate , but it seems to me that this critical piece of information which will help these scientists and your own engineers , do their job better , would be the flow rate .
Flow measurement
Mechanical flow meters
Bucket - and - stopwatch
Piston meter / Rotary piston
Variable area meter
Turbine flow meter
Woltmann meter
Single jet meter
Paddle wheel meter
Multiple jet meter
Pelton wheel
Oval gear meter
Nutating disk meter
Pressure - based meters
Venturi meter
Orifice plate
Dall tube
Pitot tube
Multi -hole pressure probe
Optical flow meters
Open channel flow measurement
Area / velocity
Dye testing
Acoustic Doppler velocimetry
Thermal mass flow meters
Vortex flowmeters
Electromagnetic , ultrasonic and coriolis flow meters
Magnetic flow meters
Ultrasonic ( Doppler , transit time ) flow meters
Coriolis flow meters
Laser Doppler flow measurement
==========================================================================
BP is using more than 500 specialists from almost 100 organizations and welcomes additional help , Jon Pack , a BP spokesman , said by phone .
This event has now been ongoing since April 20 or 25 days .
Surely the very first thing scientists and engineers need to know would have been how many leaks and how much flow from each .
The lack of willingness to measure and provide this flow data from BP , considering that those wishing to help have specifically requested flow data , appears non-cooperative .
500 experts plus the very best American scientists should not be sent on a problem solving exercise where the first problem they are expected to solve is to guess how many jelly beans in the jar .
They need real data , hard numbers , and BP should be trying to meet these requests for information and to stop appearing so evasive .
The people trying to help deserve better .
The people of the Gulf Coast deserve better .
Americans deserve better .
Intel is considering hardware - based acceleration for Google 's new WebM video file format in its Atom - based TV chips if the format gains popularity , an Intel executive said on Thursday .
Google last week announced the high - definition WebM video file format to deliver high - quality Web video to multiple devices including TV sets and handhelds .
WebM files will include video streams compressed with the open - source VP8 video codec , which was acquired by Google when it bought On2 Technologies in February .
" Just like we did with other codecs like MPEG2 , H.264 & VC1 , if VP8 establishes itself in the Smart TV space , we will add it to our [ hardware ] decoders , " said Wilfred Martis , general manager for retail consumer electronics at Intel 's Digital Home Group .
Intel is working with Google to bring Internet video to TV sets through the Google TV platform , which will blend broadcast TV and Internet content into one interface .
Google will supply the software , and the service will be available later this year in some Sony high - definition TVs and Blu-ray DVD players , for which Intel will supply the highly optimized Atom CE4100 chip .
Intel declined to comment on how the lack of hardware acceleration in the CE4100 chips will affect the Google TV project .
Google owns YouTube , which is one of the largest video sites on the Internet .
Intel 's CE4100 TV chips will be able to decode and play back WebM files using software , Martis said .
However , hardware acceleration could provide higher - quality video through faster decoding while consuming less power .
Intel has been trying to woo major TV makers and consumer electronics companies to use the Atom CE4100 chip .
The chip includes a processor core that can run at clock speeds of up to 1.2GHz and is capable of decoding two 1080 p video streams .
The chips are in production , and the company has said it has received orders for more than a million .
A number of hardware and software vendors announced support for the WebM file format , but Intel was not on that list .
Mozilla , Microsoft and Opera Software were some of the early vendors to jump on board , and chip maker Broadcom said its VideoCore IV smartphone processor would provide hardware acceleration for WebM video files .
In 1985 , only 55 % of women having premarital sex the first time used a contraceptive .
Thanks for helping to spawn a large Gawker readership 25 years later , unintentional moms !
Nowadays , Americans send a new message with their fucking : Fuck God .
Things have changed since the awesome , sexy condom - free days of 1985 .
Premarital sexing ladies now use contraception at an 84 % clip , according to a new survey .
More importantly , we 've finally settled the whole " religion " question here in the USA .
Fucking wins , god loses .
Religious teachings forbidding contraceptives are almost universally ignored in the United States , since 99 percent of women between the ages of 15 and 44 who had sex at least once have used some form of contraception .
People fucking rationally .
Suck on that , The Pope .
[ NYT . Pic via ]
Image caption
The bones had been labelled with the names of saints
Authorities in Greece have arrested a Swiss man and a Greek Orthodox deacon suspected of trafficking hundreds of bones to be sold as religious relics .
The Swiss man was detained at Thessaloniki airport when 197 bones and three skulls were found in his luggage .
He said he had received them from the deacon , who was found to be holding hundreds more bones when he was held north - east of Thessaloniki .
The bones were apparently destined for a Russian Orthodox priest in Germany .
The bones that the 43 - year - old Swiss man was carrying were sprayed with fragrance and had stickers marking them with the names of saints including St Mary Magdalene , St Andrew , St Basil and St Demetrius , police said .
They said the priest who was the intended recipient of the bones was aiming to set up a church in India .
When police arrested the 24 - year - old deacon on Monday , they found 505 bones , 15 skulls , and a collection of Byzantine crosses , coins and icons .
The head of the financial crimes section of Thessaloniki 's police department called it an " unprecedented case " , the Associated Press news agency reported .
About The Author Vitaly Friedman loves beautiful content and does n’t like to give in easily .
When he is not writing or speaking at a conference , he ’s most probably running … More about Vitaly Friedman …
The Current State of Web Design : Trends 2010
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
existing and upcoming trends and explain how Web design might evolve in the coming months and years .
We ’ll also touch on what we as Web designers should be ready for to keep abreast of new challenges and opportunities .
Please note : this article is the first in our series on the current state of web design .
To make sure you do n’t miss the second part , Web design is a fickle industry .
Just like every other form of artistic expression , Web design has undergone a continuous and surprisingly fast evolution .
Once a playground for enthusiasts , it has now become a mature rich medium with strong aesthetic and functional appeal .
In fact , we are experiencing what could be the golden era of Web design — or at least the best period thus far .
We have powerful new tools at our disposal ( CSS3 , HTML5 , font - embedding , etc. ) , a plethora of freely available resources , a strong design community and also ( if you needed any more ! ) reliable support of Web standards in the major browsers .
We ’re seeing better interaction design and more aesthetically pleasing designs .
And we ’re seeing more personal , engaging and memorable sites , too .
But what exactly is making the difference ?
What new directions is Web design heading in today ?
What new techniques , concepts and ideas are becoming important ?
In this article , we present some observations on the current state of Web design .
We describeand explain how Web design might evolve in the coming months and years .
We ’ll also touch on what we as Web designers should be ready for to keep abreast of new challenges and opportunities . : this article is the first in our series on the current state of web design .
To make sure you do n’t miss the second part , subscribe to our RSS feed and follow us on Twitter
Web design is a fickle industry .
Just like every other form of artistic expression , Web design has undergone a continuous and surprisingly fast evolution .
Once a playground for enthusiasts , it has now become a mature rich medium with strong aesthetic and functional appeal .
In fact , we are experiencing what could be the golden era of Web design — or at least the best period thus far .
We have powerful new tools at our disposal ( CSS3 , HTML5 , font - embedding , etc. ) , a plethora of freely available resources , a strong design community and also ( if you needed any more ! ) reliable support of Web standards in the major browsers .
We ’re seeing better interaction design and more aesthetically pleasing designs .
And we ’re seeing more personal , engaging and memorable sites , too .
But what exactly is making the difference ?
What new directions is Web design heading in today ?
What new techniques , concepts and ideas are becoming important ?
In this article , we present some observations on the current state of Web design .
We describe existing and upcoming trends and explain how Web design might evolve in the coming months and years .
We ’ll also touch on what we as Web designers should be ready for to keep abreast of new challenges and opportunities .
You may want to take a look at related articles :
1. Design For Delight
As designers , our job is to communicate ideas effectively .
For every particular message , we create a context in which the message would work best , guiding users to achieving their tasks , gaining their trust or convincing them of whatever we ’re communicating .
Of course , there are endless ways to create this context .
One of them is to design for visual aesthetics , surprise , joy , happiness — design for delight ; design to be memorable and remarkable .
Attractive things work better and help focus and keep the user ’s attention .
Memorable design increases excitement for products and brands , leading to increased engagement .
In fact , a strong , reliable emotional relationship between your clients and their audience could be the best thing that ever happens to your career .
Brizk design studio has an aesthetically stunning design , with subtle animations , beautiful typography and a clean layout .
When you hover over the red bird in the footer , a small Twitter box is revealed .
First - class design that is a pure delight .
Although the vast majority of brands are still silent , passive and impersonal , we ’ve observed more websites trying hard to engage our senses , whether through a strong aesthetic appeal , through witty animations in the content block or simply through a little extra attention to small design elements on the “ About ” page .
Such designs are beautiful to look at , fun to navigate but , most importantly , memorable — for the simple reason that they are different .
By adding delightful personal touches to your designs , you stand out from the crowd and give visitors something to talk about and share with friends and colleagues .
And that ’s a good start .
You can elicit delight in a variety of settings : on your maintenance mode page , on the 404 error page , in your pre-loader , and everywhere else .
The idea is to surprise visitors by giving them something pleasant to talk about .
Bounty Bev Bounty
Bev is a beverage company with a beautiful one - page design .
Apart from its subtle hover effects and animations , the website has some nice extras : if you scroll down the page manually with the mouse wheel , a small pop - up appears asking you if you need a lift .
The typography is strong and memorable , and the design is playful .
Simple , clear and personal , the website leaves a strong positive impression .
Analog.coop
Analog provides a very personal experience to visitors .
When you visit the page , it displays where you are located and tells you the members of the team who are closest to you ( in our case , Alan and Jon , who are about 500 miles away in Bristol ) .
The website has a couple of nice Easter eggs that are not visible at first glance .
You might want to play around with the header and the photos of team .
The page is just fun to explore .
Forrst Beautiful design with attractive visual elements and original navigation — a design that manages to make a good lasting impression .
Notice how the background of the upper area of the page changes when the browser window is resized ( Parallax - effect ) .
The “ log in ” - box is quite cool , too .
Surprisingly , the form is built with tables for some reason .
Billy Tamplin
On his blog , Billy Tamplin focuses on the small victories in his life .
Each post records a personal achievement , displaying a custom - designed merit badge and an explanation of the conquest .
Billy uses this metaphor throughout the website , speaking of “ super Web abilities ” ( Agile CSS , PHP - prepared , IE6 - reinforced , etc. ) and “ heroic design strengths ” ( human - friendly aim , keen creative detail , etc. ) .
He also has a personal portfolio on the website .
Notice how well the color scheme fits the theme .
The design is simple and beautiful , and the “ achievement ” twist is unusual and memorable .
MIX MIX labs , a community blog for designers and Web developers , does n’t have hidden features , appealing animations or striking hover effects .
Instead , it has a consistent , visually appealing design : can you spot where and how often colorful circles are repeated throughout the website ?
The design emphasizes the content and has a personal touch .
Simply beautiful .
Blue Sky Resumes
This website of a small team of resume writers has a couple of nice unusual extras in the design : the header contains a Flash - based cloud animation that perfectly fits the branding of the company .
The website also has subtle animations and soft hover effects .
And the “ About ” page introduces each co-worker in a quite original and memorable way .
Mailchimp MailChimp heavily incorporates the monkey metaphor in all aspects of its design .
To inform customers of recent updates , Mailchimp present an ASCII animation that tells the user something is happening in the background ; this nice detail is surprising yet unobtrusive .
The company also uses personal , friendly and perhaps occasionally geeky language when addressing user needs .
This is the part of the image that MailChimp thoughtfully preserves in its Web application .
Large version
Further Reading
52 Weeks of UX : Design for Delight
This article explains the importance of designing for delight and features some websites that try to engage the user ’s senses .
In Defense of Eye Candy Research proves that attractive things work better .
How we think can not be separated from how we feel .
The next time a boss , client or co-worker scoffs at the notion that beauty is important to interface design , point their peepers here .
Looks Matter Because We All Have Feelings Discusses the importance of emotions and aesthetics in design .
2. Keypress Navigation
As designers try to make their designs more intuitive , it is no surprise that websites are becoming more responsive .
Not only does this apply to user interfaces in modern Web applications ( which are becoming as robust as desktop applications — and often smarter ) , but with the wide adoption of JavaScript libraries , “ classic ” websites are becoming more robust and interactive , too .
One way to make websites more responsive is through “ keypress navigation , ” which has n’t been widely adopted so far .
But lately we ’ve observed more designs implementing this effectively .
The most popular setting for such navigation is on photo websites such as Flickr or FFFFound .
The general idea is to give users keyboard shortcuts that help them perform tedious tasks , such as navigating between blog posts , moving through images in a slideshow , changing the current view ( e.g. from a horizontal to vertical grid ) , liking articles and navigating between sections of a website .
Keypress navigation is common in Flash - based designs , but we are now seeing it applied to CSS - based designs , too .
Google Reader is a prime example of advanced keypress navigation , but other websites have good implementations , too .
They Make Apps A couple of months ago , They Make Apps began offering users smooth and advanced keyboard navigation as an alternative to classic scrolling .
Users could switch between both modes using a drop - down menu in the main navigation of the page .
In “ keyboard navigation mode , ” users used the arrow keys to navigate between content blocks ; the “ Return ” key triggered the detailed view and “ Escape ” returned to the main page .
For some reason , this navigation is n’t available any longer .
Image source
Mad-ar.ch Marc Anton Dahmen ’s website is Flash - based , and its navigation is quite advanced : users can jump to the contact form with “ c , ” scale images with “ - ” and “ + , ” and then navigate and sort images and scroll through text with the vertical arrow keys .
Image source
9GAG 9GAG is a social image bookmarking website .
Users can navigate to the next and previous image using “ j ” and “ k , ” respectively .
The current image can be voted up using “ l ” ( for love ) : no mouse scrolling necessary .
In this case , a shortcut to the grid view would be useful , too .
FFFFound !
One of the first social image bookmarking websites , FFFFound offers shortcuts to jump to the top of the page ( “ h ” ) , change the view of the images ( “ v ” ) , browse images ( “ k ” and “ j ” ) and skip to the next page ( “ l ” ) .
Feta
Yet another Flash - based website that lets you use the left and right arrow keys to browse items of a section , the down key to select and the up key to go back .
NY Times : Times Skimmer The New York Times ’ quick overview page has very advanced keypress navigation .
Users can use the arrows to navigate sections , zoom in using “ Shift , ” return to the top with “ t , ” refresh the current section with “ r ” and select article using “ a ” and the arrows .
Learning the keys is a bit time - consuming , but once you ’ve got them , navigating the page is much easier .
Pictory PictoryMag , a magazine dedicated to photo stories , also has “ j ” and “ k ” navigation to browse images .
CrushLovely CrushLovely , a single - page portfolio , lets you use the arrow keys to navigate sections of the page .
Thinking for a Living Thinking for a Living lets users use the left and right arrows to navigate between featured quotes .
Picnic Extraterrestre
Aside from being one of the most unusual designs we ’ve seen so far , Iván Ferreiro ’s Picnic Extraterrestre has quite advanced keypress navigation .
The design imitates Teletext and does a pretty good job .
All navigation items can be loaded using the digits shortcuts .
Now that ’s fun !
Coding Techniques and Tutorials
Note that when implementing keypress navigation in your design , make sure that the shortcuts you define do not conflict with common browser shortcuts , OS shortcuts , screen - reader shortcuts or user - defined shortcuts .
This may sound simpler than it is .
As usual , extensive testing ( with savvy and novice users ) before implementation will help you find issues with your shortcuts .
It ’s safe to assume that the arrow keys , the “ j ” and “ k ” combination and the “ Escape ” key are safe .
On the other hand , using the “ Control , ” “ Alt ” and “ Shift ” keys is not recommended .
Also , regard keypress navigation as an additional ( and therefore optional ) feature that will not be available to users who have disabled JavaScript in their browsers .
Therefore , it is highly recommended that you offer keyboard navigation as a secondary , not primary , layer of navigation .
Below , you ’ll find some helpful techniques , tutorials and references for implementing keypress navigation in your designs .
Adding Keyboard Navigation with jQuery
This screencast describes how to implement keyboard navigation to move a slider backwards and forwards .
The demo and code are available as well .
How to Create Keypress Navigation Using jQuery
This tutorial describes how to implement keypress navigation to browse sections of the website .
Advanced Keypress Navigation with jQuery
You could use your mouse to select links , but you can also use the arrow keys ( i.e. up and down ) to navigate the list .
This script is a bit advanced because of the extra functionality when the user combines the mouse hover and key presses .
Using Keyboard Shortcuts in JavaScript
In this article , you ’ll learn how to use JavaScript keyboard shortcuts , with and without the JQuery framework .
How to Build a Site With Keyboard Navigation : PSD to HTML
This article looks at how to add keyboard navigation to a website using a few simple lines of JavaScript .
First , you ’ll create a simple theme in Photoshop and then transform it into a working website that offers keyboard functions to jump pages .
Plug - Ins and Useful Resources
js-hotkeys : Cross - Browser Javascript jQuery Plug - In for Hooking Keyboard Events
The jQuery .
Hotkeys plug - in lets you easily add and remove handlers for keyboard events anywhere in your code , and it supports almost any key combination .
Binding and unbinding a hot - key combination takes one line of code .
j Query Keyboard Navigation Plug- In
The jQuery Keyboard Navigation plug - in provides the capability for page elements to be navigated and activated via the keyboard ’s arrow keys .
HotKey : Programmable Keyboard Shortcuts with Prototype JS Library HotKey provides functionality similar to that of the access key attribute but has many enhancements that allow for more granular control of keyboard - driven interfaces .
Detecting Key Strokes : Reference Table Detecting the user ’s key strokes turns out to be a specialized branch of event handling .
This page details some of the more annoying problems and includes the obligatory compatibility table .
3. Print Design Influence
While designing for delight is primarily about impressing visitors with unexpected and pleasing touches to a design , modern Web designers often go one step further and experiment with the underlying details of their work , producing more creative and unique layouts .
In fact , one does n’t have to be an expert to see the growing influence of traditional print design techniques on the Web .
They are often manifested in so - called “ art - directed ” blog posts ( or “ blogazines ” ) , whereby every blog post has a unique and carefully crafted design .
The layouts of these websites often resemble those of print magazines or posters , with striking headlines , multi-column text , highlighted quotations , indented text , supporting imagery , sidenotes and footnotes .
The designs usually adhere to grids and have strong , vivid typography .
Design Informer : Grid-Based Web Design , Simplified has a simple clean two - column layout that clearly separates text from illustrations .
Notice the capital letters in the author ’s name under the header , also visible in the quote design on the page .
The content here dictates the layout .
In most cases , art - directed designs are fueled purely by the ambition and determination of their creators .
Such designs are predominantly found on freelance websites ( being the fruit of personal projects ) and rarely found in corporate settings .
The main obstacle to wider adoption of these techniques is that the creation of such designs ( or rather their implementation with ( X ) HTML and CSS ) is time - consuming .
Art - directed layouts are quite difficult to code and maintain , and they often require inline CSS styling , or else designers would end up with dozens of un-semantic classes in their style sheets .
Also , integrating advertisements on these pages is difficult because they put constraints on the designer ’s layout .
So , at the moment , these designs are more appropriate for less frequently updated websites because of the overhead .
If you decide to experiment with art - directed design , be aware that the layout of an article should be secondary and always support the content itself , not dominate it .
The problem is that once you start designing a blog post , it ’s easy to overdesign page elements just because you can , not because the content dictates it .
In fact , the design community is having an ongoing debate on whether art - directed designs are merely “ over - Photoshopped articles , ” designed purely for the sake of design .
Good design is about effective communication , not decoration at the expense of legibility .
As Francisco Inchauste puts it , “ I think it ’s a ‘ pick two ’ sort of scenario .
The choices are : great content , great art direction and regular schedule .
If you try to hit all three , one of those will begin to fall short . ”
Bottom line :
Web designs that are heavily influenced by print design are beautiful , but only when the techniques support your article .
A Lesson on How to Be a Villain A colorful and nicely illustrated article in a unique layout .
Notice something unusual ?
The design has a table - based layout .
The design has a CSS - layout with tabular data for the actual info - graphic bits .
Sometimes that ’s necessary for art - directed designs .
Evan Dinsmore : 21 A poster design for the Web .
This blog post is simple , and it replaces tired plain text with vivid images .
But that can be a disadvantage , too : a text - based version would be more user - friendly here .
The Bold Italic : Dr. Feel Good
A very impressive magazine - like layout , with multiple columns , imagery , headlines and a sidebar .
If you had only seen this page printed out , you would n’t have recognized it as a Web design .
The page has 40 div containers .
A Way Back : Revised Font Stack
A very long , detailed and elaborate design .
In art - directed designs , including this one , large images are often used to push the boundaries of the layout .
Such images are often 800 to 1000 pixels wide , filling the width of the entire layout .
Chris Coyier : The Safari Challenge
Here is a subtler design , with big margins , multiple columns of text , footnotes and indented headings .
From an aesthetic point of view , it could be a page from a book .
Kyle Fielder : Keeping Curious
A classic .
Do you remember those old magazines that used big quotes and visuals to create text flow ?
Notice how well this headline and colophone are positioned in the question mark .
A nice , simple , original design .
Sleepover : A Critical Analysis of my Shoes A simple grid - based design with justified text , serif typography and nice shoe illustrations .
Unfortunately , justified text still does n’t look very good on the Web .
Yaron Schoen : Too Many Buttons
Sometimes art - directed blog posts require something slightly more : like a background image and bakground color , as well as a bit of CSS styling .
This examples demonstrates exactly that .
The Bold Italic : Keep Off the Grass Another remarkable example of multi-column - layouts …
The Bold Italic : Cinderella Story … and another one .
Print - design inspiration at its best .
Travis Neilson : Default Switch
A calm , simple , clean design with custom headings .
Further Reading
4. Horizontalism
Over the last year , we ’ve observed a slow transformation in the orientation of text - heavy Web designs .
Not only are designs gaining depth and realism , but navigation is changing as well .
Some designers are augmenting traditional vertical scrolling with sliding navigation ( like here ) , which usually scrolls in both a vertical and horizontal direction , or even pure horizontal scrolling .
This is called “ horizontalism . ”
Websites with horizontal scroll bars have been more difficult to navigate because the mouse was designed for vertical scrolling .
But the emergence of multi - touch devices forces us to rethink the usability concerns of such designs .
After all , whether the user browses vertically or horizontally on such a device does n’t really make a difference .
And some plug-ins ( like Scrollable and jScrollHorizontalPane ) simplify the action by enabling users to navigate horizontally by using the standard vertical scroll wheel on the mouse , thus shrinking the learning curve .
Horizontal scroll bars have been out there for a decade , but today it feels that they are gaining a new context .
The move to horizontal scroll bars is probably an attempt among some designers to provide a more distinct user experience .
Such designs are usually carefully crafted and found primarily on portfolio websites and elaborate e-commmerce websites .
Whether horizontalism will expand to more types of websites remains to be seen in the months to come .
Thinking for a Living
Not only does this article discuss the advantages and disadvantages of horizontalism with regard to readability , but it also has a nice horizontal layout itself , with multiple text columns .
While the orientation is unusual at the first sight , reading the post is quite pleasing and comfortable .
OurType A belgian type foundry with horizontal Flash - based navigation .
Content blocks slide horizontally .
Jung v. Matt
This website has a horizontal timeline for navigation .
Notice that there is no horizontal scroll bar ; visitors use the vertical scroll wheel to navigate horizontally .
Your Auxillary One of many so - called “ single - page layouts . ”
The full content of these websites is on a single page , which is navigated using either the keyboard , the mouse or a menu ( this website uses the third option ) .
Here we have a good ( and common ) combination of vertical and horizontal navigation ( showing the jQuery ScrollTo plug - in in action ) .
One Twenty Six
This portfolio has a different kind of horizontal navigation .
Apart from “ Previous ” and “ Next ” buttons , the user also gets an overview of selected content in a drop - down menu .
Once they select an option , the page scrolls horizontally .
Horizontal navigation with the mouse wheel would probably improve this design ’s usability .
Jax Vineyards
This wine store website has interesting and unique horizontal navigation , which is triggered when you browse the wine catalogue .
Both the background image and description of the wine slide horizontally .
Simple CSS and JavaScript are used .
A beautiful and impressive design .
C. L. Holloway Candice Holloway ’s portfolio has a nice take of horizontal layout .
Her artwork is placed on a “ wall ” ; horizontal navigation is used as a metaphor for strolling an art gallery .
Also interesting : scrolling is triggered when your mouse hovers over the horizontal arrows ; no clicking necessary .
Yamaha Ginza
You ’ll find that designers experiment with perspective .
Sometimes the orientation is diagonal …
Edpeixoto … and sometimes the layout just hangs in the air …
ASOS … and sometimes it ’s slanted .
Notice how none of the elements have perpendicular lines .
Further Reading
Horizontalism and Readability
Friday Focus : Slanted Web Design
A showcase of designs that tilt to one side and avoid perpendicular lines .
Horizontally Scrolling Websites : Showcase and Tutorials
j Query ScrollTo Plug - In
This plug - in lets users scroll through overflowing elements and the screen itself .
You get many different customization options and various ways to specify the direction in which to scroll .
5. Rich , Strong Typography
Typography has played a major role in Web design for years now .
Bold , strong , heavy headlines can effectively convey the purpose of an e-commerce website or portfolio , while subtler headings help structure content and improve legibility .
Obviously , the big change we ’re seeing today is richer , more versatile typography , partly made possible by the @font - face attribute and the emergence of font - embedding services such as TypeKit .
Rich typographic elements can now be selected and copied from the browser , which was n’t that easy a couple of years ago .
The future is big , bold and typographic .
Rich font families will be used not only for headlines but for body copy , bringing typographic practices from print over to the Web .
Also , designers will experiment more with rich , sophisticated serif fonts and bold , imposing slab fonts , supported by subtle imagery .
Web designers are also adding more depth to typography with the text - shadow attribute in CSS3 .
Naturally , such subtleties are closely tied to the choice of layout .
These typographic designs are often grid - based and borrow techniqes from print design , such as sidenotes and footnotes .
We ’ve further noticed that designers are extending their font stacks , adding increasingly more fall - back fonts in case a specified font is not available .
That ’s fine , as long as the aspect ratios ( or weights ) of the fonts are not too different ; some screen fonts will appear wider or taller than other fonts and hence have a larger aspect ratio , which means that some users would see your pages at a much smaller font size than others would .
You might want to read more about CSS font stacks in Russ Weakley ’s presentation .
Kilian Muster Kilian Muster uses quite an extended serif font stack for his design : font - family : Palatino , “ Palatino Linotype ” , “ Book Antiqua ” , Constantia , Times , “ Times New Roman ” , serif ; .
The posts in Kilian ’s blog also have sidenotes .
extrapolish Notice that the text on this website of a Polish Web design agency is set mostly in capitals : the navigation menu , introductory text and even contact address are in full capitals .
Yet the design is calm , clean and polished .
DNA to Darwin
This website has only serif fonts throughout its design : font - family : “ skolar - 1 ” , “ skolar - 2 ” , Georgia , Times , serif ; .
Notice that the text is split into columns ; we did n’t see this last year .
COG’AOKE Again , huge , bold slab typography that makes a strong impression and engages the audience .
TRÜF
This design agency combines a bold color choice with concise , equally bold sans - serif typography .
Pioneers
This website combines vivid imagery and playful typography .
The design looks more like a brochure or poster than a “ classic ” Web page .
Colly Simon Collison ’s subtle attention to the tiniest details make the typography literally stand out .
No bold , screaming typography here ; just legible , aesthetically pleasing design .
If you decide to experiment with art - directed design , be aware that the layout of an article should be secondary and always support the content itself , not dominate it .
The problem is that once you start designing a blog post , it ’s easy to overdesign page elements just because you can , not because the content dictates it .
In fact , the design community is having an ongoing debate on whether art - directed designs are merely “ over - Photoshopped articles , ” designed purely for the sake of design .
Good design is about effective communication , not decoration at the expense of legibility .
As Francisco Inchauste puts it , “ I think it ’s a ‘ pick two ’ sort of scenario .
The choices are : great content , great art direction and regular schedule .
If you try to hit all three , one of those will begin to fall short . ”
Bottom line :
Web designs that are heavily influenced by print design are beautiful , but only when the techniques support your article .
A Lesson on How to Be a Villain A colorful and nicely illustrated article in a unique layout .
Notice something unusual ?
The design has a table - based layout .
The design has a CSS - layout with tabular data for the actual info - graphic bits .
Sometimes that ’s necessary for art - directed designs .
Evan Dinsmore : 21 A poster design for the Web .
This blog post is simple , and it replaces tired plain text with vivid images .
But that can be a disadvantage , too : a text - based version would be more user - friendly here .
The Bold Italic : Dr. Feel Good
A very impressive magazine - like layout , with multiple columns , imagery , headlines and a sidebar .
If you had only seen this page printed out , you would n’t have recognized it as a Web design .
The page has 40 div containers .
A Way Back : Revised Font Stack
A very long , detailed and elaborate design .
In art - directed designs , including this one , large images are often used to push the boundaries of the layout .
Such images are often 800 to 1000 pixels wide , filling the width of the entire layout .
Chris Coyier : The Safari Challenge
Here is a subtler design , with big margins , multiple columns of text , footnotes and indented headings .
From an aesthetic point of view , it could be a page from a book .
Kyle Fielder : Keeping Curious
A classic .
Do you remember those old magazines that used big quotes and visuals to create text flow ?
Notice how well this headline and colophone are positioned in the question mark .
A nice , simple , original design .
Sleepover : A Critical Analysis of my Shoes A simple grid - based design with justified text , serif typography and nice shoe illustrations .
Unfortunately , justified text still does n’t look very good on the Web .
Yaron Schoen : Too Many Buttons
Sometimes art - directed blog posts require something slightly more : like a background image and bakground color , as well as a bit of CSS styling .
This examples demonstrates exactly that .
The Bold Italic : Keep Off the Grass Another remarkable example of multi-column - layouts …
The Bold Italic : Cinderella Story … and another one .
Print - design inspiration at its best .
Travis Neilson : Default Switch
A calm , simple , clean design with custom headings .
Further Reading
4. Horizontalism
Over the last year , we ’ve observed a slow transformation in the orientation of text - heavy Web designs .
Not only are designs gaining depth and realism , but navigation is changing as well .
Some designers are augmenting traditional vertical scrolling with sliding navigation ( like here ) , which usually scrolls in both a vertical and horizontal direction , or even pure horizontal scrolling .
This is called “ horizontalism . ”
Websites with horizontal scroll bars have been more difficult to navigate because the mouse was designed for vertical scrolling .
But the emergence of multi - touch devices forces us to rethink the usability concerns of such designs .
After all , whether the user browses vertically or horizontally on such a device does n’t really make a difference .
And some plug-ins ( like Scrollable and jScrollHorizontalPane ) simplify the action by enabling users to navigate horizontally by using the standard vertical scroll wheel on the mouse , thus shrinking the learning curve .
Horizontal scroll bars have been out there for a decade , but today it feels that they are gaining a new context .
The move to horizontal scroll bars is probably an attempt among some designers to provide a more distinct user experience .
Such designs are usually carefully crafted and found primarily on portfolio websites and elaborate e-commmerce websites .
Whether horizontalism will expand to more types of websites remains to be seen in the months to come .
Thinking for a Living
Not only does this article discuss the advantages and disadvantages of horizontalism with regard to readability , but it also has a nice horizontal layout itself , with multiple text columns .
While the orientation is unusual at the first sight , reading the post is quite pleasing and comfortable .
OurType A belgian type foundry with horizontal Flash - based navigation .
Content blocks slide horizontally .
Jung v. Matt
This website has a horizontal timeline for navigation .
Notice that there is no horizontal scroll bar ; visitors use the vertical scroll wheel to navigate horizontally .
Your Auxillary One of many so - called “ single - page layouts . ”
The full content of these websites is on a single page , which is navigated using either the keyboard , the mouse or a menu ( this website uses the third option ) .
Here we have a good ( and common ) combination of vertical and horizontal navigation ( showing the jQuery ScrollTo plug - in in action ) .
One Twenty Six
This portfolio has a different kind of horizontal navigation .
Apart from “ Previous ” and “ Next ” buttons , the user also gets an overview of selected content in a drop - down menu .
Once they select an option , the page scrolls horizontally .
Horizontal navigation with the mouse wheel would probably improve this design ’s usability .
Jax Vineyards
This wine store website has interesting and unique horizontal navigation , which is triggered when you browse the wine catalogue .
Both the background image and description of the wine slide horizontally .
Simple CSS and JavaScript are used .
A beautiful and impressive design .
C. L. Holloway Candice Holloway ’s portfolio has a nice take of horizontal layout .
Her artwork is placed on a “ wall ” ; horizontal navigation is used as a metaphor for strolling an art gallery .
Also interesting : scrolling is triggered when your mouse hovers over the horizontal arrows ; no clicking necessary .
Yamaha Ginza
You ’ll find that designers experiment with perspective .
Sometimes the orientation is diagonal …
Edpeixoto … and sometimes the layout just hangs in the air …
ASOS … and sometimes it ’s slanted .
Notice how none of the elements have perpendicular lines .
Further Reading
Horizontalism and Readability
Friday Focus : Slanted Web Design
A showcase of designs that tilt to one side and avoid perpendicular lines .
Horizontally Scrolling Websites : Showcase and Tutorials
j Query ScrollTo Plug - In
This plug - in lets users scroll through overflowing elements and the screen itself .
You get many different customization options and various ways to specify the direction in which to scroll .
5. Rich , Strong Typography
Typography has played a major role in Web design for years now .
Bold , strong , heavy headlines can effectively convey the purpose of an e-commerce website or portfolio , while subtler headings help structure content and improve legibility .
Obviously , the big change we ’re seeing today is richer , more versatile typography , partly made possible by the @font - face attribute and the emergence of font - embedding services such as TypeKit .
Rich typographic elements can now be selected and copied from the browser , which was n’t that easy a couple of years ago .
The future is big , bold and typographic .
Rich font families will be used not only for headlines but for body copy , bringing typographic practices from print over to the Web .
Also , designers will experiment more with rich , sophisticated serif fonts and bold , imposing slab fonts , supported by subtle imagery .
Web designers are also adding more depth to typography with the text - shadow attribute in CSS3 .
Naturally , such subtleties are closely tied to the choice of layout .
These typographic designs are often grid - based and borrow techniqes from print design , such as sidenotes and footnotes .
We ’ve further noticed that designers are extending their font stacks , adding increasingly more fall - back fonts in case a specified font is not available .
That ’s fine , as long as the aspect ratios ( or weights ) of the fonts are not too different ; some screen fonts will appear wider or taller than other fonts and hence have a larger aspect ratio , which means that some users would see your pages at a much smaller font size than others would .
You might want to read more about CSS font stacks in Russ Weakley ’s presentation .
Kilian Muster Kilian Muster uses quite an extended serif font stack for his design : font - family : Palatino , “ Palatino Linotype ” , “ Book Antiqua ” , Constantia , Times , “ Times New Roman ” , serif ; .
The posts in Kilian ’s blog also have sidenotes .
extrapolish Notice that the text on this website of a Polish Web design agency is set mostly in capitals : the navigation menu , introductory text and even contact address are in full capitals .
Yet the design is calm , clean and polished .
DNA to Darwin
This website has only serif fonts throughout its design : font - family : “ skolar - 1 ” , “ skolar - 2 ” , Georgia , Times , serif ; .
Notice that the text is split into columns ; we did n’t see this last year .
COG’AOKE Again , huge , bold slab typography that makes a strong impression and engages the audience .
TRÜF
This design agency combines a bold color choice with concise , equally bold sans - serif typography .
Pioneers
This website combines vivid imagery and playful typography .
The design looks more like a brochure or poster than a “ classic ” Web page .
Colly Simon Collison ’s subtle attention to the tiniest details make the typography literally stand out .
No bold , screaming typography here ; just legible , aesthetically pleasing design .
The Saint John ’s Bible
This website shows serif fonts at their best .
The fonts complement the theme and fit the layout perfectly .
Notice how well a beautiful visual design and classic typography can work together .
Brewhouse A nice combination of type and visuals make this page remarkable .
But it ’s not clear why the page has three different typefaces for the headings ; two would be enough .
Tick Talk
Can this get any bolder ?
Big bold typography , with capital letters spread across the whole page .
When scrolling the page , notice the nice background effect .
A very simple and strong design .
The Sew Weekly
This blog has very playful , inviting typography ( Proxima Nova for the body copy and Coquette for headlines ) , and all of it can be easily selected and copied .
This is the power of embedded fonts ( TypeKit is used here ) .
Only serif fonts are used : font - family : “ skolar - 1 ” , “ skolar - 2 ” , Georgia , Times , serif ; .
Notice the text is split into columns — again , a trend we ’ve seen only this year .
Neiman Group
The Neiman Group incorporates its brand colors into the navigation and headline of the front page .
The typography is light and classic and gives the page a certain atmosphere .
Conclusion
Modern Web design is better , richer and more user - friendly .
We ’re seeing better use of visual design for the sake of aesthetics and a pleasing user experience .
Traditional techniques from print design are increasingly being applied to the Web , be they layout techniques or rich versatile typography .
Horizontal and even diagonal orientations bring a fresh perspective to the flat 2 - D designs we ’ve seen for years ( with their text - heavy , Flash - based pages ) .
These developments are a sign of the upcoming era of Web design , in which designers can use new tools and techniques to their fullest potential .
Web designers should look forward to the exciting and promising years to come .
Stay Tuned !
This article is the first in our series on the current state of web design .
Next time , we ’ll discuss other developments , such as adaptive and interactive layouts , CSS3 adoption , beauty in chaos , subtle interactivity , context - sensitive navigation and over - designed design .
To make sure that you do n’t miss the second part , subscribe to our RSS feed and follow us on Twitter .
Is This Man a Messiah ?
U.S. Cult Thinks So Economist Raj Patel says he's not the Messiah - ' Just another bloke . '
LONDON , March 31 , 2010 -- Raj Patel has found himself in an unusual position -- having to deny he 's a god .
Patel , a 38 - year - old economist from San Francisco , has been hailed as the Messiah by a religious group called Share International .
After the New York Times first reported Patel 's strange story on February 4 , the economist has received a whirlwind of publicity .
Patel was the guest star on " The Colbert Report " on Comedy Central .
Colbert bantered with Patel about the release of his newest book , " The Value of Nothing . "
The TV appearance served as Share International 's sign that Patel is their next " Maitreya " or World Teacher , similar to Buddha , Christ , Krishna or the Messiah .
Share International is a religious group based out of London and Amsterdam , led by the Englishman Benjamin Creme .
For the past 30 - plus years , Creme has prophesied the emergence of Maitreya .
In the early ' 70s , he announced that Maitreya would leave his home in India in 1977 and move to London .
In 1977 , Patel left his home in India and moved to England where he later attended the University of Oxford and London School of Economics .
In the 1990s , Creme also prophesied that " A major American television network has requested an interview with Maitreya , and he has accepted the offer . "
Thus , Share International followers saw last week 's episode of " The Colbert Report " as prophesy come true .
And this divine happening has created a modern - day Internet firestorm .
" Just two days after the show , my inbox flooded with e-mails from people all over the world asking me if I was Maitreya , " Patel said .
" I got e-mails from people I 've never heard of . "
Followers From Near and Far
In fact , just days after his national television debut , two people from Detroit flew out to one of his book signings in San Francisco .
" They were really nice , " Patel said .
" They said , ' We 've come from Detroit to see you .
You appeared in our dreams and we 're really excited to see who you are . '
It broke my heart to have to tell them that I 'm not the Maitreya and that they 've wasted their time and money . "
Raj Patel : Economist ?
Or God ?
Patel is a writer , activist and academic focusing on world hunger and economics .
He currently works with the activist group Food First , trying to eradicate hunger in Africa and figuring out why there is continual hunger in America .
According to Share International followers , Patel 's activism fills the bill .
Followers believe Maitreya is currently here to " inspire humanity to see itself as one family , and create a civilization based on sharing , economic and social justice , and global cooperation . "
They believe the next God 's priority will be to " launch a call to action to save the millions of people who starve to death every year in a world of plenty , " and that he will solve the Israeli - Palestinian conflict , global warming and world greed as well .
Patel says at this point , he just wants the whole Maitreya craze to go away .
" There are millions of people that have similar views .
I 'm not the only one that thinks there 's something dodgy that even here in the United States , 16 million people are going hungry .
There 's something wrong with that picture .
I 'm surely not the only one , so this is just a weird coincidence . "
And his common beliefs are n't the only thing that make him fall short of Maitreya - ship .
" I 'm not 95,000 years old .
I did not make my body out of clay .
Really , I 'm not the Maitreya , " he said with exasperation .
" Usually for you to be a Messiah , you have to check every box .
Me , I 'm just another bloke . "
Getting a Hoot Over the Holy
While Patel says he can't wait for the whole affair to blow over , he says his family and friends are getting a hoot .
" My parents bought me stuff saying , ' He 's not the Messiah .
He 's a very naughty boy . ' "
While the Maitreya business has been elevated by hype and comedy , Patel says there is a sadder element to it .
" I think it 's important actually that I 'm not the Messiah , " he said .
" It 's not good that Share International is waiting to see change .
Activism will make more happen than waiting . "
Despite the high level of spirituality of the entire episode , Patel says it has n't changed his own spiritual life .
" I do n't have a religion .
Organized religion has n't really been a good thing .
I know people that have faith and I 'm not one of those people , " Patel said .
" And I do n't believe in an afterlife .
I believe we 've got one shot . "
He echoes Graham Chapman 's Brian from Monty Python 's " The Life of Brian , " proclaiming that we 're all individuals and do n't need a leader to tell us what to do .
" I 'm excited to share the idea that people do n't have to wait for the Messiah .
You can save yourself .
We can make things like hunger go away .
And that 's really cool , " he said .
The identity card costs £ 30 to order Identity cards will be scrapped under plans announced by the new Conservative and Lib Dem coalition government , new Home Secretary Theresa May has said .
Their abolition is among measures the parties have agreed to reverse what they say was " the substantial erosion " of civil liberties in recent years .
Other proposals include reforms to the DNA database , tighter regulation of CCTV and a review of libel laws .
Labour claims ID cards help tackle benefit fraud and identity theft .
The Tories and Lib Dems have both opposed ID cards from the outset , arguing they are expensive , intrusive and have done little to tackle the most serious threats to society such as terrorism and organised crime .
In a statement , the Home Office said it would announce " in due course " how the process of rescinding ID cards and the accompanying National Identity Register would move forward .
Until Parliament passes legislation banning them , ID cards remain valid and people can still apply for them .
Migrant workers from outside the EU and thousands if British citizens in the North - West of England , where the scheme was being piloted , have already been issued with cards .
Home Office officials said they would advise anyone thinking of applying to wait for further announcements .
Compulsory ID cards were introduced for foreign nationals in 2008 .
However , attempts to require certain workers in sensitive roles , such as airport workers , to have them ran into trouble .
' Freedom bill '
UK nationals have been able to apply for an ID card , on a voluntary basis , since last autumn with the application process being rolled out across the country .
The new government is also proposing to scrap all future biometric passports and the Contact Point Database as part of a new so - called " Freedom or Great Repeal Bill " .
It wants to " roll back " powers it says were taken by the state under Labour and has pledged to defend trial by jury , restore rights to non-violent protest , end the storage of internet and email records without good reason , introduce safeguards against the " misuse " of anti-terrorism legislation .
The new government also wants extra safeguards over the retention of people 's DNA by the police .
During the election campaign , the Lib Dems argued the DNA of innocent people should be removed from the national database and not be stored there in future while the Conservatives called for new safeguards to protect privacy .
Labour have strongly argued that the DNA database is an invaluable crime - fighting tool .
' Innocent people ' Home Secretary Theresa May said : " We will be scrapping ID cards but also introducing an annual cap on the number of migrants coming into the UK from outside the European union . "
She said there was a " process to be gone through " to decide the annual limit .
The coalition government was committed to introducing elected police commissioners and cutting police paperwork to " give the police more time on the streets , " she added .
On the DNA database , she said : " We are absolutely clear we need to make some changes in relation to the DNA database .
For example one of the first things we will do is to ensure that all the people who have actually been convicted of a crime and are not present on it are actually on the DNA database .
" The last government did not do that .
It focused on retaining the DNA data of people who were innocent .
Let 's actually make sure that those who have been found guilty are actually on that database . "
There is no mention in the parties ' policy document of Conservative plans - included in their manifesto - for a British Bill of Rights to supersede the Human Rights Act .
The Lib Dems support a Bill of Rights but have said overriding the Human Rights
Act would be " shameful " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
First a comment on the seasonal adjustment ... on a Not Seasonally Adjusted ( NSA ) basis , the Census Bureau reported there were 38,000 new homes sold in March .
That is up from 31,000 in March 2009 .
Some ( or all ) of the increase was due to a one time event - the tax credit that expires in April .
The Census Bureau does n't know the number of homes sold due to the tax credit , so they report the Seasonally Adjusted Annual Rate ( SAAR ) assuming this is the underlying rate of sales .
It is n't .
The April new home sales headline number will be distorted too , but the key is the actual underlying sales rate is much lower .
Note : remember the tax credit shows up in the new home sales numbers when the contract is signed ( March and April ) , and in the existing home sales numbers when the transactions are closed ( April through June ) .
The following graph shows existing home sales ( left axis ) and new home sales ( right axis ) through March .
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
The initial gap was caused by the flood of distressed sales .
This kept existing home sales elevated , and depressed new home sales since builders could n't compete with the low prices of all the foreclosed properties .
The spike in existing home sales last year was due primarily to the first time homebuyer tax credit .
Notice that there was also a bump last year in new home sales from the tax credit .
We are seeing another bump this year with the expiration of the extension of the tax credit .
The second graph shows the same information as a ratio - new home sales divided by existing home sales - through March 2010 .
The ratio increased because the tax credit impacts new home sales first .
I suspect this ratio will be at or near the all time low later this year .
Eventually this ratio will return to the historical range of new home sales being around 15 % to 20 % of existing home sales .
However it will probably take a number of years to return to a more normal market .
This looks like something a bunch of grad students might have dreamed up in a 10 - minute brainstorming session over a few beers .
For those who have read Atlas Shrugged , this should look exactly like the State Science Institute ’s report on Rearden Metal .
From the real state science folks at the Interagency Working Group on Climate Change and Health .
There are potential impacts on cancer both directly from climate change and indirectly from climate change mitigation strategies .
Climate change will result in higher ambient temperatures that may
increase the transfer of volatile and semi-volatile compounds from water and wastewater into the atmosphere , and alter the distribution of contaminants to places more distant from the sources , changing subsequent human exposures .
Climate change is also expected to increase heavy precipitation and flooding events , which may increase the chance of toxic contamination leaks from storage facilities or runoff into water from land containing toxic pollutants .
Very little is
known about how such transfers will affect people ’s exposure to these chemicals — some of which are known carcinogens — and its ultimate impact on incidence of cancer .
More research is needed to determine the likelihood of this type of contamination , the geographical areas and populations most likely to be impacted , and the health outcomes that could result .
Although the exact mechanisms of cancer in humans and animals are not completely understood for all cancers , factors in cancerdevelopment include pathogens , environmental contaminants , age , and genetics .
Given the challenges of understanding the causes of cancer , the links between climate change and cancer are a mixture of fact and supposition , and research is needed to fill in the gaps in what we know .
One possible direct impact of climate change on cancer may be through increases in exposure to toxic chemicals that are known or suspected to cause cancer following heavy rainfall and by
increased volatilization of chemicals under conditions of increased temperature .
In the case of heavy rainfall or flooding , there may be an increase in leaching of toxic chemicals and heavy metals
from storage sites and increased contamination of water with runoff containing persistent chemicals that are already in the environment .
Marine animals , including mammals , also may suffer
direct effects of cancer linked to sustained or chronic exposure to chemical contaminants in the marine environment , and thereby serve as indicators of similar risks to humans .
64 Climate impact
studies on such model cancer populations may provide added dimensions to our understanding of the human impacts .
by Jonn Elledge
It ’s five years now since Doctor Who returned to the BBC , as the latest project from Russell T Davies .
When news broke that the man bringing Doctor Who back was the bloke who wrote Queer as Folk , the tabloids were up in arms .
A man who introduced explicit gay sex to prime time TV ?
In charge of a kids show ?
It ’d be nice to say that the show ’s success in the intervening years has put an end to talk like that .
But the more bigoted part of the audience have spent the five years since in a state of constant bitching about Davies and his “ agenda ” .
Why does he insist on populating the show with gay characters ?
they demand .
Why rub his sexuality in impressionable kids faces ?
Why does he have to stick his big gay oar in ?
More liberal fanboys defensively dismiss all this as nonsense .
But on this issue , and this one alone , the liberals are wrong and the bigots are completely and utterly right .
There is an agenda at work in the new version of Doctor Who .
It introduced a overtly bisexual space adventurer and started selling action figures of him .
Its scripts are liberally peppered with references to minor characters ’ gay marriages .
It even made the idea of casual sex between John Barrowman and Russell Tovey into a punch line , for heaven ’s sake .
This , I reckon , is more than enough evidence of some form of deliberate agenda .
And it ’s brilliant .
Because the show is n’t promoting homosexuality , whatever that might mean .
It ’s normalizing it .
Doctor
Who is quietly teaching a generation of kids that there ’s nothing weird about fancying , shagging or marrying someone who happens to have the same genitals as you .
There ’s nothing shameful about it .
The universe is a big place .
Takes all sorts , does n’t it ?
I ’m not claiming that a kids show can stamp out homophobia .
( I ’m not sure anything can do that . )
But it can implant the idea from an early age that being gay is okay .
That all the best people are tolerant of diversity .
And , more to the point , that those who are n’t are almost certainly aliens who want to destroy the world .
Davies is gone now .
This weekend sees the broadcast of the first episode of the new show without his fingerprints on .
The new producer is Steven Moffat , the writer of Coupling and about as noisily heterosexual as Who menks come .
All the same , though , that agenda is n’t going anywhere .
Moffat ’s the one who wrote the joke about the Master ’s beard .
Business Individuality … Delivered
Explore the magical powers of Logo Genie and get the most elegant ideas for having an impressive Business identity in the form of compelling logo designs .
Make a difference by availing our high - end expertise .
Professionally designed logos are the BEST recognition tool for your brand , so you have to be extremely cautious while outsourcing your business logo design and ensure that the company logo designing techniques are concise and creative , but also uniquely identifies your business .
Logo Genie is more than just an ordinary design firm offering large number of design services , not only do we get the job of logo designing done , but we do it in style !
Let us board you on an endless journey of promising success
As is often the case at an African VIP function , the honored guests were a little late .
But finally , the huge Hercules cargo airplane , 90 minutes behind schedule , lumbered to a halt in a cloud of dust at the end of the dirt airstrip in Tanzania 's Serengeti National Reserve .
On board were five critically endangered Eastern Black Rhinos , being returned to their native Tanzania nearly half a century after their ancestors were evacuated to save them from poachers .
The reason for the delay ?
One of the six originally slated for Friday ’s repatriation was found to have a suspected eye infection , and was left behind in South Africa on vet ’s orders .
That did not dampen spirits among the 500 - strong crowd who gathered under a fierce sun in the middle of the Serengeti National Reserve to watch what many call " the most ambitious wildlife relocation in 50 years . ”
Brass bands and plume headdresses
To the left , beside the Tanzanian National Parks Authority Brass Band , warriors dressed in serval cat and Colobus monkey skins , with ostrich plume headdresses , performed traditional welcoming dances .
Diplomats sweated in suits , journalists jostled for interviews , and chefs struggled to keep the buffet " almost ready " for an extra two hours .
But , as Simon Mduma , director of the Tanzanian Wildlife Research Institute said , “ this is a historic day . ”
The five Eastern Black Rhinos are the first of 32 of the critically endangered species to be flown from a private game park in South Africa to this vast wildlife ecosystem in northern Tanzania .
Mr. Mduma – and many others – have said it is the largest relocation of large mammals over such a distance .
Takeoff to touch down was a little over 1,700 miles as the crow – or rhino – flies .
Capturing the rhinos
The operation began six weeks ago , when Piet Morkel , a veterinarian and rhino expert who has darted more than 1,000 of the animals worldwide , captured the first of the 32 in their South African conservancy .
Since then , they have been kept in large specially - constructed pens called bomas .
Two handlers have been with them the whole time and have familiarized them with enclosed spaces , steadily introducing them to the crates used during the flight , and slowly changing their fodder to that found in East Africa .
Early on Friday , each of the 1.2 - ton animals was ushered into their crates and loaded onto the Hercules .
Five hours later , those crates were slowly edged out of the cavernous belly of the cargo hold and onto waiting trucks to be driven to their new home .
The five rhinos will be kept in new bomas for the next three to four weeks , and then released into a 15 - square - mile enclosure ringed with electric fences .
Once they are fully acclimatized , they will be introduced fully into the wild .
“ That ’s going to take about a year , ” said Brian Harris , managing director of the Singita Grumeti Fund , a private conservation foundation bankrolled by Wall Street financier Paul Tudor - Jones , which paid the relocation ’s $ 6.8 million cost .
“ We need to keep a close eye on them as they live through a wet season , to build up resistance to the tsetse fly [ which carries sleeping sickness ] , and a dry season , so they learn how to find water . ”
But the threat that forced their ancestors from this land has not gone away , even if it has diminished .
Poaching
Poaching driven by increased demand for ivory in the Far East has again increased in Africa in the past five years .
Six black rhinos were killed for their horns in neighboring Kenya in the past 12 months , and efforts have been put in place to avoid the same thing happening to Tanzania ’s new arrivals .
“ This event is a stark reminder of what went wrong in the past , and what needs to be done to prevent that happening again in the future , ” said Tanzanian President Jakaya Kikwete .
The reason that the Eastern Black Rhino ended up in South Africa , far from their natural habitat , was because conservationists shifted seven for their own safety in 1964 , as decades of wildlife slaughter began across east and central Africa .
By 1991 , only two black rhinos remained in the Serengeti , down from more than 700 in the mid-1970s .
Numbers have edged back up to 33 – to be doubled with the current repatriation – but the snare - setting , tusk - hacking , and horn hunting still goes on today .
An elite force of 24 rangers have been specially trained to monitor the new Serengeti rhinos , which will have GPS chips inserted in their horns so conservationists can track them .
“ If someone in the local community is going to be offered thousands of dollars to go out there and get a rhino horn , of course it ’s going to be difficult to stop that , ” said Dennis Rentsch , technical adviser for Frankfurt Zoological Society , which oversaw the repatriation .
“ But also if we can find ways for people to earn a living without having to come into the park to poach game meat , then there ’s less chance they will ever come across a rhino . ”
The ultimate aim , said the Singita Grumeti Fund ’s Mr. Harris , is to rebuild the biodiversity of the Serengeti ecosystem .
“ Reintroducing the rhinos and ensuring their safety from poachers will automatically protect other species sharing the same habitat .
So more animals will feel comfortable here and more will come in , allowing natural processes to function and restore the environment . ”
Related :
by The Narrator
Everyone I know is fuming over the “ unconstitutional ” health - care bill that was “ un- democratically ” shoved down our throats .
I have to keep explaining to such people that compared to legislation passed in the 1960 ’s Obamacare is a minor triviality .
It ’s amazing ( yet sadly not unexpected ) that so many seem to gloss over the rather draconian and spirit - crushing bits of legislation commonly refereed to as “ civil rights ” .
Many seem to prefer to ignore or forget that among the “ civil rights ” accomplishments have been : legalizing abortion , promoting homosexuality , exalting feminism , attacking and attempting to destroy the family , de-constructing communities , rewriting history , and other equally civilization - crushing acts .
And these were done under the notion of “ equality ” .
And to bring about “ equality ” our society had to destroy , in theory and in fact , freedom of association .
Since the “ civil rights ” legislation went into effect , Americans have been told ( under threat of government force ) who they must live among , who they can do business with , who they can vacation with , who their children must attend school with , and in what company they can congregate .
All done to criminalize discrimination .
Yet the most fundamental freedom that can be had ( either collectively or individually ) is the right to discriminate .
Take away that right and freedom is instantly dead .
And the critical aspect of this is that prejudices and the discriminations they encourage are generally based on collective historical experience .
They are an expression of a society ’s hard fought for wisdom , enduring and solidifying down through countless ages of toil and struggle .
They are not mere attitudes , but rather moral and social guidelines that define and defend a people .
Demonize the concept ( of discrimination ) in a society and that society WILL hand over all power over every aspect of its life to exterior ( alien and hostile ) forces .
Because discrimination , at its very root , is the freedom and will of a people to say yes or no : to make an informed choice that is also reflective of a natural , collective instinct .
Without it there is neither ability nor will to differentiate between what is good or evil , true or false , beauty or ugliness , hope or despair , man or woman , black or White , up or down and so on .
Most critical of all , without the willingness and encouragement to discriminate , a people will be defenseless against attacks both physical and philosophical .
The entire premise of “ equality ” is the certain erosion of sanity .
Thus we have to discriminate or society will collapse into chaos , which , not surprisingly , it has been doing since the 1960’s .
So picking nationalized healthcare as the battlefront at this point is kind of like trying to swat the mosquito on the back of the Grizzly bear that ’s cornered you in your own home because you ’ve heard they ’re disease carriers .
As to differentiating the historical understanding of freedom from the modern concept of “ Personal freedom ” , it is actually a fairly modern concept without much real historical reality .
It does n’t exist and never has .
It can’t .
“ Personal freedom ” is anathema to a functioning society .
And this we can clearly see before us today , as “ freedom ” is the rallying cry of the far - left demagogues who seek to take control of every aspect of our lives , even as they wreck them .
The “ personal freedom ” slogans are hung next to the myriad of street cameras watching our every move .
A century of “ self - liberating ” psychology has resulted in a civilization demoralized through indoctrination of self - hate and strung out on mood - altering anti-depressants and increasingly banal whistle and bells distractions commonly known as entertainment .
It ’s such a “ free country ” we can only move about here and there with the assistance of social engineers , government mandates on minority employment and corporate job placement programs , never forming permanent and historical roots to land and family .
Thus we end up alienated , paranoid and securely locked away in our houses behind “ security systems ” and barred windows .
As our “ personal liberty ” has increased over the past half a century our society has rapidly descended into chaos .
Families are broken and torn apart .
As mom and dad trasmute into the base metal mm and step dad or two daddies or two mommies or whatever the Frankenfamily arrangement du jour is , getting their fixes on anti-depressants , the kids have taken to mutilating themselves physically ( tattoos , increasingly bizarre piercings , and “ cutting ” ) to mirror their mutilated spirits , which have been crushed by womb - to - tomb propaganda that engenders self - hate and atomization from their people and identity past and present .
The streets are riddled with trash and gangs roam at will .
Corruption in politics is a given , and the media ’s complicity in it is shrugged off with a “ that ’s just the way it is ” attitude .
In the end , this modern notion of freedom ( aka , personal liberty ) has left a bitter taste in mouths of Western people , even if they ’re not quite ready to articulate it .
As to real , historical freedom , we are born bound and obliged to a thousand infringements upon our “ personal liberty ” .
Freedom , in the historical since , was the ability to carry out the obligations of the station in life which the web of history had placed upon you ; obligations to parents , wives , children , friends , clan and so on .
Slavery and bondage , on the other hand , often “ liberated ” individuals personally from their responsibilities to their people .
It limited their obligations to physical , daily , duties that asked nothing more of them than to complete an assigned task .
Being “ the captain of your own ship ” or “ master of your own destiny ” are slogans appealing to the selfishness of those “ weighed down ” with obligations to wives , children , parents , siblings , clan , friends , community , ancestors and posterity .
And true enough , in that sense ( the true sense of the notion ) death or slavery are the surest ways to “ personal liberty ” .
Because life is obligation .
To breathe is to find limitations on your “ personal liberty ” .
Thus death ( of the nature of tribal / ethnic history and collective and personal identity ) and slavery ( to political correctness , government enforced social engineering , etc ) are similar in that both prevent you from fulfilling your obligations to your people .
But in that sense they both liberate you from those obligations as well .
Those now fretting over government mandated “ death panels ” should relax , as it represents the apex of everything America has fought for over the past 40 + years .
After all , Death is not only the surest way to “ personal freedom ” it ’s also the state most assuredly conducive to equality among all peoples .
Margot Fonteyn is alleged to have been involved in a coup attempt in Panama
By Sanchia Berg
Today programme
Dame Margot Fonteyn , one of Britain 's most famous ballerinas , was " up to her neck " in a coup plot in Central America - along with Fidel Castro , according to government files released today at the National Archives .
Margot Fonteyn thanked minister John Profumo for his ' extreme kindness '
It seemed " better than fiction " as the news reporters put it .
Britain 's leading ballerina , Dame Margot Fonteyn , had been accused of plotting to overthrow the government of Panama , in 1959 .
She 'd been arrested and held in jail overnight .
Mobbed by press in New York , on her way back to London , she delicately avoided all questions on the subject .
Poised , graceful , courteous , she gave the impression of a somewhat regal figure , accidentally caught up in some local political trouble .
In fact , as newly released government files show , Dame Margot Fonteyn was closely involved in the coup attempt .
Her husband , Roberto Arias , was a leading opposition figure in Panama and according to the British Embassy there " it has long been known that he has been conspiring against the Panamanian government " .
When Dame Margot Fonteyn spoke to the British Ambassador , after she 'd been questioned , he learned that : " She knew that her husband was gun-running , she knew that he was accompanied by rebels and at one point she used her yacht to decoy government boats and aircraft away from the direction which her husband was taking . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
He was highly critical .
" I do not regard her conduct as fitting in any British subject , let alone one who has been highly honoured by Her Majesty the Queen . "
Back in London , the Foreign Office Minister John Profumo invited Dame Margot Fonteyn to his home for a drink - with his wife Valerie .
He found her story hard to believe : " I had to pinch myself several times during her visit to be sure I was n't dreaming the comic opera story which she unfolded " .
She told him that Fidel Castro , the newly installed Cuban leader , had been behind the coup .
It was to have been a large scale operation , but had gone wrong at the last minute .
Officials considered whether they should pass this key information to the Americans - but as Profumo had amended his note to say he'd agreed the conversation was confidential - they decided against it .
They decided the best course overall was to " do nothing " and " hope the excitement dies down " .
Meanwhile , Fonteyn 's husband had found refuge in the Brazilian embassy in Panama .
Some weeks later he made his way to Rio. Dame Margot Fonteyn was thrilled .
She wrote to John Profumo saying she was planning to meet him there and added :" I do hope that you and Valerie will have time to come in and see us when we are both back -- and definitely not plotting ! "
That was the kind of tone she 'd adopted throughout .
One British diplomat wrote of the " charmingly light hearted way " she viewed the situation .
And though that approach shocked officials and ministers alike , there were apparently no lasting consequences for Dame Margot or her husband .
That same summer , in Rio , they were once again on the guest list for a ball organised by the British embassy .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Basel Action Network , an American watchdog group that has sought to curb the export of toxic electronic waste from the United States , plans to begin a new certification and auditing program on Thursday for both recyclers and companies that generate electronic refuse .
In addition to outlining safe domestic handling and disposal practices for old televisions , computers and other electronic devices , the system would effectively bar participating recyclers from exporting toxic , nonfunctional electronic waste to developing nations .
The program will compete directly with a less stringent standard recently developed by industry and the federal government that companies and recyclers say makes more economic sense .
“ The U.S. has been asleep at the switch , ” said Jim Puckett , the executive director of the Basel Action Network , which takes its name from the Basel Convention , an international agreement governing the handling and trade of hazardous waste , including discarded electronics .
More than 165 countries have ratified the convention , but the United States has not .
Much of the debate over the handling of electronic refuse arises from the metals like lead and mercury that are used to make electronic devices .
Most discarded equipment is either ported to landfills or sold into a murky global market , where it often ends up in vast and unregulated harvesting and smelting operations in poor corners of Africa and Asia .
In either case , the disposal poses significant environmental and health risks .
After his friend was ejected , Clemmens was sitting alone behind the Vangelos when he answered his mobile phone and said : " I need to do what I need to do .
I 'm going to get sick , " the prosecutor said .
← Sidebar
In 1837 Russian entrepreneur A.N.Demidov sponsored the Russian trip of an artist from France A.Durand .
Here is the first part of pictures made by the artist during his travel ( all the pictures are clickable ) .
Second , third , fourth parts of the pictures .
Tags : Russian Empire
<< Stavropol krai page was updated
Smolensk oblast page was updated >>
No comments yet .
Need to print something from your iPhone ?
Check out these printers
Printers are a reliable way of obtaining a physical copy of documents .
Even if you 're mostly using your iPhone or iPad for everyday computing , AirPrint capable printers will keep you printing with no problems .
Here are some of our favorites !
BP hopes that by lowering the 40ft high concrete and steel contraption over the leaks , nearly a mile down , it will be able to capture 200,000 gallons of oil a day which is spewing out .
The tactic has never been tried before at such a depth .
Twenty percent of the world ’s fresh water is in a single lake , Russia ’s Lake Baikal .
Its surface is smaller than Lake Superior — but it ’s a mile deep .
Frugal people sometimes feel discontentment .
There are times you might compare yourself to others and feel a twinge of envy .
Some people are fortunate and can think about themselves in a confident way and let things go that are draining them .
For other people , it takes making something happen or a change before the feeling subsides .
What do you do to pull out of discontentment ?
Here are a few suggestions .
PICK-ME-UP : Stop peeking around the next corner .
Live in the moment .
Often , a small change , such as rearranging your furniture , bringing in fresh cut flowers or de-cluttering , can make you feel a lot better .
ACCEPT YOUR WEAKNESSES : Sometimes you are your own worst enemy .
Not everyone can or should try to overcome a weakness .
You can make friends with it .
One reader , Mea from Illinois , shares : “ I ’ve accepted that things have changed in our lives ( making less money but still employed ) , and I ’ve tried to adapt to them .
I ’ve found it liberating to accept what is instead of fighting against it .
This gave me the opportunity to look for solutions instead of feeling like a victim .
I also remind myself constantly that some other people do n’t have close to what I have , so I consider myself lucky .
I can look back at my life and honestly say that whatever I considered hard or ‘ bad ’ in the past actually brought me to a place of greater happiness and self - understanding . ”
TAKE CARE OF YOURSELF : Eat balanced , get plenty of rest , exercise and get outside with the sunshine and breathe in some fresh air .
Nature is therapeutic .
Taking time for yourself to drink in simple joys will allow you to recognize abundance .
UNPLUG : Take a break and shut off your television and computer .
All the noise can make you feel worse .
National Turnoff Week is April 19 to 25 .
Try it .
Take time for yourself or connect with friends or family in person .
PRACTICE GRATITUDE : Start a gratitude journal by writing down things you are thankful for .
You can look through it anytime you need a reminder of all the good that ’s in your life .
Michelle in Tennessee starts each morning thinking of five things to be thankful for before she even gets out of bed .
“ You ’re allowing thankfulness into your heart and mind before anything else can set in for the day , ” she says .
“ They can be very minute things , such as the early morning sun , the warmth of my bed , having healthy kids , etc .
But I do this each and every morning , and it has given me a totally different outlook to my days . ”
TAKE ACTION : Use your discontentment as a catalyst for change .
Let it motivate you to take action .
Keep learning and working on ways to make improvements .
But your actions do n’t have to be a goal of achieving your desires .
It can be letting go of them , too .
You have the power to change your negative thoughts and replace them with positive thoughts .
Another reader , Donna from Louisiana , shares : “ I find that desires breed desires .
When I have some random desire and indulge it , another almost immediately pops up in its place , and if I indulge that , too , gradually I move into a psychological space where there is no end to them .
On the other hand , when I resist that random desire , it ’s easier to do it the next time , and gradually the space is one of contentment , with far fewer of those desires raising their heads to begin with . ”
photo by Muffet
So what can we do to ensure this antitrust exemption amendment passes ?
For starters , you can pick up that phone and CALL your Senator to vote in favor of the Leahy antitrust exemption amendment for private insurers .
CALL YOUR SENATORS BELOW AT ( 202 ) 224-3121 AND ASK THEM TO SUPPORT THE LEAHY ANTITRUST EXEMPTION AMENDMENT TODAY !
This is the amendment number below :
- Leahy # 3823 ( health insurance antitrust enforcement )
This is our chance to give another kick in the pants to the murder by spreadsheet industry , so please pick up that phone and CALL in support of the Leahy amendment today !
Please do n't let that amendment die on the vine .
E-mail this to your friends and family , and ask them to call their Senators in support of the Leahy anti-trust amendment today .
Instead of kvetching about Kagan , etcetera , let 's come together as a community and do this !
UPDATE : Latest update on amendment votes today from Senator Reid :
Resume consideration of S.3217 , Wall Street Reform .
The following amendments are pending to S.3217 : - Dodd -Lincoln amendment # 3739 ( Substitute ) - Collins amendment # 3979 ( leverage and risk - based capital ) - Brownback # 3789 , as modified ( auto dealer exemption )
- Snowe # 3883 ( small business regulation transparency )
- Specter # 3776 , as modified ( Aiders & Abettors )
- Leahy # 3823 ( health insurance antitrust enforcement )
- Durbin # 3989 ( interchange fee )
- Franken # 3991 ( credit rating )
- Sessions # 3822 ( bankruptcy )
- LeMieux # 3774 , as modified ( credit rating )
The Senate will recess from 1 pm - 2 pm .
The Senate has reached the following unanimous consent agreement .
The Senate will now proceed to vote in relation to the following 2 amendments : - Franken # 3991 ( credit ratings ) - LeMieux # 3774 , as modified , and as a side –by - side to the Franken # 3991 ( credit ratings )
No amendments are in order to any amendments in this agreement prior to a vote .
After the first vote , the next vote will be 10 minutes in duration .
Upon conclusion of these votes , Senator Kaufman will be recognized to speak for up to 5 minutes .
Upon the conclusion of his remarks , the Senate will recess until 2 pm .
At 2 pm , there will be a period of morning business for up to 15 minutes , in which Senators Menendez , Lautenberg , and Nelson ( FL ) will be permitted to speak on the subject of S.3305 and make a unanimous consent request on the bill .
Immediately thereafter , the Senate will resume consideration S.3217 and there will be 5 minutes for debate equally divided prior to a vote in relation to the Sessions amendment # 3832 ( bankruptcy ) .
Therefore , senators should expect a vote in relation to the Sessions amendment to begin at approximately 2:20 pm .
Votes : Now Voting on Franken amendment # 3991 : ( credit ratings )
Next Vote : LeMieux amendment # 3774 : , as modified , and as a side –by - side to the Franken # 3991 ( credit ratings )
In case you have n't figured out by now , we need to fix the Citizens United decision - and we need to switch to all - public financing .
Because the politicians are already far too adept at perverting the system to their own ends .
From Rolling Stone ( subscribers only ) :
One afternoon in late April , Karl Rove welcomed an elite group of conservative political operatives and moneymen into his home in Washington , D.C. Along with his protégé Ed Gillespie , who succeeded him as George W. Bush 's top political adviser , Rove had gathered together the heavyweights of the GOP 's fundraising network .
In attendance were the political director of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , as well as the leaders of two new megadollar campaign groups loyal to Rove : American Crossroads and the American Action Network .
Rove 's plan was straightforward : to seize control of the party from Michael Steele , whose leadership of the Republican National Committee was imploding in the wake of a fundraiser at a lesbian bondage club .
By building a war chest of unregulated campaign cash – an unprecedented $ 135 million to be raised by these three groups alone – Rove would be able to wage the midterm elections on his own terms : electing candidates loyal to the GOP 's wealthiest donors and corporate patrons .
With the media 's attention diverted by the noisy revolt being waged by the Tea Party , the man known as " Bush 's brain " was staging a stealthier but no less significant coup of the Republican Party .
" What they 've cooked up is brilliant , " says a prominent Democrat .
" Evil , but brilliant . "
Rove and Gillespie , who effectively ran the Republican Party throughout the past decade , recognized that Steele 's weakness represented an opportunity to stage a quiet comeback .
But taking control of the party , they knew , would require a new kind of political machine .
The Supreme Court , in its recent decision in Citizens United v. the Federal Election Commission , opened the floodgates for unlimited political spending by corporations and individuals .
But the court left in place strict limits on contributions to party committees – and it preserved the legal firewall that bars campaigns from coordinating directly with the outside groups now empowered to spend millions on their behalf .
That 's where Rove and Gillespie come in .
As free - agent strategists , they are in a unique position to skirt such prohibitions and coordinate all parts of the GOP – both inside and outside the official party structure – because they 're not officially in charge of any of it .
In the run-up to November , they will be the ones ensuring that the many tentacles of the court - sanctioned shadow party – from startups like American Crossroads to stalwarts like the National Rifle Association – operate in concert .
" They will be making sure that everybody is expending themselves properly , as opposed to duplicating efforts or working at cross-purposes , " says Mary Matalin , who served with Rove in the Bush White House .
" That 's something that the committees and the campaigns really do n't do – legally cannot do . "
As demonstrated by the big- money meeting at Rove 's home – first reported by the National Journal and confirmed to Rolling Stone by one of its boldface - name guests – Rove 's fundraising prowess makes him the undisputed ringleader on the " independent " side of the firewall .
At the same time , he continues to strategize with party officials , enabling him to coordinate the GOP 's national effort with individual campaigns across the country .
" Members of Congress in both chambers continue to be in touch with him , " Matalin says .
" Governors continue to be in touch with him .
Individual races continue to be in touch with him .
That 's just Karl , and that 's undeniable . "
For the man known as Turd Blossom , it 's been a treacherous , four - year climb back to the pinnacle of GOP politics .
The Rove brand was tarnished in 2006 , when Republicans lost control of both the House and Senate .
His exit from the White House the following year was dogged by scandals , from the political firing of U.S. attorneys to the outing of CIA agent Valerie Plame .
And with his longtime enemy John McCain serving as the party 's standard - bearer in 2008 , Rove could only sit by and watch as the fearsome big - money machine he built over the course of a decade – his political Death Star – was blasted out of orbit by an insurgent Obama campaign powered by hundreds of millions in small - dollar donations .
This is a tale of how the empire strikes back .
President Obama ’s most vigorous opponents have gone to great lengths to paint him as a Muslim , despite all evidence to the contrary .
At a recent event , a Tea Party organizer pushed those limits even further .
“ In the yellow cinder - block meeting room of the Munford , TN , municipal building , the Tipton County Tea Party convened on a recent evening to raise money for billboards , organize a tax day protest and encourage attendance at a state convention planned for Gatlinburg at the end of May , ” the Washington Post reported in a recent feature story .
ADVERTISEMENT
The 40 - person - large gathering was treated by organizer Vince DiCello to jokes about House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - CA ) and encouraged to raise money to help swing the November elections against Democrats .
DiCello then circulated a photograph that showed Obama with his shoes off , which WaPo reported that he deemed “ evidence that the president prays with Muslims but not Christians . ”
The crowd “ murmured in disapproval ” at the image , and one attendee yelled , “ That ’s because he is a Muslim . ”
It ’s unclear whether the president , in the picture , took his shoes off for the purpose of praying — which Muslims are required to do and Christians are not — or whether the crowd simply inferred that that ’s what he was doing .
Either way , the curious belief that Obama , an avowed life - long Christian whose Kenyan father had Muslim roots , subscribes to the Islamic faith extends well beyond a small fringe .
A recent Harris Interactive poll found that 57 percent of mainstream Republicans believe he is a Muslim .
ADVERTISEMENT
After Obama ’s well - received speech to the Islamic community last June in Cairo , conservative commentator Frank Gaffney concluded in a Washington Times column that “ there is mounting evidence that the president not only identifies with Muslims , but actually may still be one himself . ”
Prenez note que cet article publié en 2010 pourrait contenir des informations qui ne sont plus à jour .
Le syndicaliste québécois Michel Chartrand , homme engagé , défenseur des travailleurs et héros du contre - pouvoir , s'éteint à 93 ans .
Les réactions de tristesse et d'admiration se multiplient .
Le syndicaliste québécois Michel Chartrand s'est éteint , lundi soir , à Montréal , à l'âge de 93 ans .
Il souffrait du cancer .
Le grand syndicaliste a marqué plusieurs décennies de l'histoire syndicale et sociale du Québec .
Tout au long de sa vie , Michel Chartrand s'est démarqué par son engagement et son franc - parler , qui ont fait de lui un des militants les plus connus du Québec .
Durant la Deuxième Guerre mondiale , il s'est opposé à la conscription , puis il s'est engagé dans le syndicalisme et la politique .
Nationaliste , il s'est engagé dans différentes formations politiques .
Il a notamment été chef du Parti social - démocratique du Québec et a fondé le Parti socialiste du Québec .
Il a passé la majorité de sa vie active au sein de la Confédération des syndicats nationaux ( CSN ) à se battre pour les droits des travailleurs .
Michel Chartrand a formé un couple célèbre avec Simonne Monet , aussi militante marquante de l'histoire québécoise , décédée en 1993 des suites d'un cancer .
Regard sur une vie exceptionnellement riche et engagée dans Michel Chartrand :
Un homme d'opposition , une biographie complète de Marc Labelle .
Le fils de Michel Chartrand , Dominique Chartrand , explique que son père s'est éteint très paisiblement , entouré de ses enfants et petits - enfants .
Selon lui , il était plus souffrant au cours des derniers jours , mais il était auparavant très enjoué et lucide , se tenant toujours au courant de l'actualité .
Dominique Chartrand précise que les Québécois ont moins vu son père dans les médias au cours de la dernière décennie en raison d'un problème de surdité .
Derniers hommages Michel Chartrand sera exposé à la Coopérative funéraire de la Rive - Sud , à Longueuil :
Jeudi de 14 h à 17 h et de 19 h à 22 h
Vendredi de 14 h à 17 h et de 19 h à 22 h
Les funérailles de Michel Chartrand auront lieu samedi à 11 h à l'église Saint - Antoine - de- Padoue , à Longueuil .
Réactions et hommages
En fin de matinée , le premier ministre Jean Charest a présenté ses condoléances à la famille .
Il a fait une contribution très importante à l'évolution des droits des travailleurs , et , comme nous tous , j'étais fasciné par le personnage .
Jean Charest
La chef du Parti québécois , Pauline Marois , a salué le souverainiste de longue date .
« C'était un homme épris de justice sociale .
Évidemment , il choquait parfois .
Il avait le verbe haut .
Ça va nous manquer un peu dans le paysage québécois , mais il restait cependant un homme de très grande culture .
C'était un amoureux du pays du Québec » , a indiqué la chef péquiste .
Fernand Foisy , biographe et ami de Michel Chartrand , garde le souvenir d'un homme « engagé et juste ».
M. Foisy a expliqué que la santé de Michel Chartrand s'était détériorée cet hiver .
Il souffrait d'un cancer des reins qui entraînait notamment des problèmes de circulation sanguine .
D'ailleurs , selon Fernand Foisy , dans les derniers moments de sa vie , il avait de la difficulté à se déplacer .
« L'homme actif et de parole se déplaçait beaucoup moins et ne parlait presque plus » , a -t - il précisé .
M. Foisy estime que Michel Chartrand et sa femme Simone ont « payé de leur personne » leur engagement , eux qui avaient « choisi leur clan » .
Le biographe du syndicaliste affirme d'ailleurs que ce dernier est mort sans fortune personnelle .
Il précise qu'il n'avait pas de caisse de retraite , vivant seulement de ce qu'il recevait de la Régie des rentes du Québec et de sa pension de vieillesse d'Ottawa .
« S'il avait voulu se ranger du côté de ceux qui nous gouvernent , la dictature économique , il compterait parmi les milliardaires » , avance Fernand Foisy .
Pour l'ex - président de la CSN Gérald Larose , Michel Chartrand était un « géant » , un « batailleur » qui maniait « à la fois le verbe et les émotions ».
Il décrit M. Chartrand comme un novateur dans le mouvement syndical .
«
C'est lui qui a ouvert le mouvement syndical sur un ensemble de causes sociales » , dit Gérald Larose , identifiant notamment les causes des chômeurs et des locataires , ainsi que des causes plus larges comme celles de la démocratie , des politiques publiques et de certains dossiers internationaux .
M. Larose croit qu'avec le départ de Michel Chartrand , le Québec perd un prophète qui a fait un travail de pédagogie extraordinaire auprès des Québécois .
C'est quelqu'un qui a contribué , avant la Révolution tranquille et au moment de la Révolution tranquille , à nous relever la tête .
Gérald Larose
La présidente de la CSN Claudette Carbonneau se souviendra d'un homme « fougueux » , « hors norme » , « presque mythique » . « On avait intérêt à savoir de quelle humeur il était .
Ça pouvait être l'engueulade ou le baise - main , moi j'ai connu les deux » , a déclaré Mme Carbonneau .
Elle ajoute que Michel Chartrand était quel ' qu 'un d'entier , tourné vers l'action et qui pouvait se sentir à l'étroit dans une organisation comme la CSN ou le mouvement syndical où il y a des règles à suivre , des consultations et des débats .
« Je me souviens très bien l'avoir vu décider sur un coup de tête , alors qu'il était président du conseil central de Montréal , de louer le Forum , dans la foulée du conflit à La Presse .
Et quatre jours plus tard , de le remplir .
Évidemment , il n'avait pas suivi le processus , le conseil central n'avait pas les moyens de louer le Forum ... » ajoute - t - elle un sourire dans la voix .
Les réactions affluent aussi dans plusieurs régions du Québec , dont la Mauricie , le Saguenay - Lac - Saint - Jean et l'est du Québec .
Face Time : Should campus crime alerts name student perps ?
Three recent crimes reported to the George Washington University , and how the university identified their perpetrators to students and staff :
• Crime No. 1 . On Feb. 15 , former G.W. mailroom worker James Markley was arrested for making a “ non-specific threat ” to faculty and students over the telephone .
A crime alert was issued to the campus community naming the former employee , circulating his photograph and informing students to immediately inform G.W. police if they spot him on campus .
• Crime No. 2 . On Feb. 14 , a G.W. library worker received more than just a threat ; while she was assisting a man inside the library , he “ put his hands down her pants and up her shirt . ”
A crime alert was issued describing the suspect , a 35 - to 45 - year - old black male “ wearing a white sweater ” ; a few weeks later , a follow - up alert notified the campus that the man had been identified through surveillance tape as a current G.W. graduate student .
The university declined to release the suspect ’s name to the campus at large ; the unnamed student was referred to G.W. Student Judicial Services .
• Crime No. 3 . On Jan. 6 , an incident of “ sex abuse ” occurred inside on - campus freshman residence Thurston Hall .
It was reported to the university a month and a half after the incident .
The case , which remains open , did n’t inspire a crime alert — just a single line in the University Police Department log .
Wondering why crimes like No. 2 and No. 3 do n’t inspire a campus response that ’s more in line with crime No. 1 ? So do campus security experts , who are turning their focus to a very common crime that rarely inspires an all - campus alert — acquaintance sexual assault .
“ As a general rule , institutions are reluctant to put out an alert for any acquaintance sexual assault , ” says S. Daniel Carter , director of public policy for campus safety non-profit Security on Campus , Inc .
The organization , founded in 1987 by the parents of Jeanne Clery , began advocating against crime on college campuses after Clery , a freshman at Pennsylvania ’s Lehigh University , was raped and murdered in her dorm by a fellow student .
By 1990 , Security on Campus had succeeded in making the Clery Act federal law , requiring most U.S. colleges and universities to report certain crimes that occur on their campuses .
If a reported crime poses an ongoing “ threat to students and employees , ” schools are required to report those crimes quickly , through “ timely warnings ” that will “ aid in the prevention of similar occurrences . ”
Which crimes rise to the level of an ongoing threat — and what information ought to be aired in the alerts — are decisions largely left up to individual schools .
In 2006 , the Department of Education made it clear that institutions covered by the Clery Act must at least consider issuing a timely warning in cases of acquaintance rape .
At G.W. , the person making that case - by - case call is University Police Department Chief Dolores Stafford , a nationally recognized expert on the Clery Act .
Stafford will be leaving G.W. in a couple of weeks to become a consultant on campus security and Clery Act compliance , but for the past 18 years , Stafford has determined which of the dozens of crimes reported to the university each month deserve an all - campus e-mail blast .
G.W. ’s published crime reporting policy says that campus alerts are “ considered on a case - by - case basis , depending on the facts of the case and the information known by GWPD . ”
According to Stafford , the “ facts of the case ” are most difficult to determine in acquaintance rapes , where reluctant victims sometimes report the crime months after the fact and often decline to provide pertinent details — like the identity of the perpetrator — if they report the crime at all .
The majority of sexual assault reports that do reach the university are reported not to university police directly but rather to a “ designated campus security authority ” — like dorm staff , athletic coaches , and deans .
These authorities are required to notify the police department when a student reports a rape to them , but they ’re under no obligation to squeeze any specific information from the victim .
“ If we had all the details about every acquaintance rape , we ’d probably put out a warning for each of them , ” says Stafford , adding that her office has issued timely warnings in acquaintance rapes in the past .
“ The expectation of a warning is that you ’re providing individuals with some information about what occurred and how to protect themselves .
If I do n’t have that information , it may not result in a warning . ”
Still , even if campus authorities do have adequate information about an assault , a campus alert wo n’t necessarily be activated .
According to Stafford , once the university is aware of the identity of a crime ’s perpetrator , the university can take steps to “ mitigate the threat . ”
And because the perpetrators of acquaintance rapes are , by definition , known to their victims , victims who report all the details of their assaults can often preempt the need for a timely warning .
“ If we arrest them , put them through the judicial process , or bar them from campus , we ’ve taken some action to mitigate the threat , ” says Stafford .
Add up all the acquaintance rapes that are never reported to G.W. , those that are reported with too little detail , and those that reveal the identity of the perpetrator , and acquaintance rapes are not likely to inspire a G.W. campus alert .
One aspect of G.W. ’s timely warning policy [ PDF ] suggests that its response to acquaintance rapes may not be solely influenced by a lack — or surplus — of information .
The policy notes that crimes that arise from “ disagreements ” between students are n’t generally considered an ongoing threat : “ if an assault occurs between two students who have a disagreement , there may be no on - going threat to other GW community members and a Crime Alert would not be distributed . ”
But according to Carter , students who victimize other students are likely to pose a threat in the future , and issuing a timely warning can actually serve an instrumental role in mitigating these threats .
Students who are jailed can get out on bail , and those that are shuffled through the campus judicial process can still drop in on frat parties while they await a hearing .
In the meantime , it can be helpful for students to know who to trust their drinks with and who to avoid in the stacks .
Carter ’s Clery
Act recommendations lean heavily on the work of researchers David Lisak and Paul Miller , who found that a majority of “ undetected rapists ” — or rapists who have n’t been convicted of any crime — go on to rape again and again [ PDF ] .
In Lisak and Miller ’s sample , two - thirds of rapists raped more than once — on average , each was responsible for six rapes .
Over 90 percent of rapes are committed by repeat offenders , and the great majority of rapes that occur on college campus are committed by these undetected predators .
“ At these institutions , there ’s the assumption that if the victim and perpetrator are known to each other , it ’s not an ongoing threat , and that ’s absolutely not true , ” says Carter .
“ In the overwhelming number of cases , acquaintance sexual assaults are likely to indicate a threat to someone else , ” he says .
“ Odds are , if you assume there ’s not a threat , you ’re going to make a mistake the overwhelming majority of the time . ”
Despite the research , Carter says he ’s only aware of a “ handful ” of schools that have responded to acquaintance rapes on campus with alerts — and none that actually named the perpetrator .
Some institutions choose to alert students to the general possibility of acquaintance rape on campus , without singling out any particular accused rapist .
In 2008 , G.W. released a crime alert warning students and staff of the danger of acquaintance rapes on campus after eight sexual assaults were reported in the space of two weeks .
The alert did n’t name any of the alleged perpetrators of the assaults , but it did identify one common player in most of the attacks : alcohol .
The approach helps to raise awareness of rape on campus , but it also can work to shift the blame off of the perpetrators , who remain nameless .
“ I think there is a reluctance to believe that someone in their community is capable of this , to label one of their own community members — including a paying student — as a threat , ” says Carter .
“ But I would be hard - pressed to identify how a timely warning of that type could truly be effective without that information , ” he says .
Schools that do choose to publish perpetrators ’ names may be at risk of losing more than just a student ’s tuition .
Because the campus alerts are widely distributed , there ’s also the possibility that the student named in the alert will sue for defamation .
In 2007 , Johnson & Wales student Christopher Havlik sued the university for naming him in a campus crime alert .
After Havlik was accused of fracturing another student ’s skull in an on - campus fist - fight , the university sent out a campus - wide alert that directly named Havlik ( and his fraternity ) .
Johnson & Wales chose to air Havlik ’s name after determining that the incident presented an ongoing threat to students — the fight was attributed to “ fraternity - related animosities , ” and Havlik was regarded as “ the likely aggressor ” in the fight .
After being acquitted of his criminal assault charge in court , Havlik decided to make his name even more public by suing Johnson & Wales , and then appealing the decision up to federal District Court — which decided that the school was within its bounds in naming Havlik , as it had a duty under the Clery Act “ to inform the university community of a reported crime . ”
At G.W. , when a former employee makes “ non-specific threats ” over the phone , he ’s named , his photograph is released , and he ’s barred from campus ; when a current student sexually assaults a worker in the library and runs away , his case is quietly adjudicated within the campus community ; when another student suffers “ sex abuse ” inside her freshman dorm , only the closest readers of the UPD crime log are even aware that the incident occurred .
Every university faces significant challenges in persuading victims of acquaintance crimes to come forward .
When they do , campus perpetrators should be regarded as just as much of a threat — if not more of one — than the stranger who can be easily isolated from the campus community .
After all , students who solve their “ disagreements ” with violence — or who resolve a disagreement between sex partners with rape — are likely to disagree again .
Photos by Darrow Montgomery
Having loved many people who have mental illnesses , Angela has researched as much as she can about the brain and mental illness .
Cloth embroidered by a schizophrenia patient http://upload.wikimedia.org/
When someone you love becomes sick with a mental illness and refuses to get help , there are a lot of emotions that you will experience .
Some of them will come right away ; some of them will come slowly .
One of the most surprising is grief .
To someone who has not faced this , it may be hard to understand how you can grieve a living person .
The terrible thing about mental illness is that the person themselves change .
It 's often a gradual change , from healthy to ill , but they do change .
As the mental illness holds onto them , like in cases of schizophrenia , dementia , and many other mental illnesses that are gripping those we love , the person gets sicker and sicker .
Unlike other illnesses , their personality changes , they may become paranoid or even volatile .
One moment you are talking to the person you used to know ; the next , you find them screaming at you , and you do n't recognize the person before you , which can happen from day to day , or even moment to moment .
Unfortunately , as a loved one , we need to learn to cope with this new change .
We need to grieve the loss we are experiencing and begin setting new boundaries .
Setup Boundaries
Setting boundaries does not mean outright rejection .
It means that I am limiting their influence on my life , which is probably the hardest part of this kind of grief because where the boundaries should be is different for every person .
The ill person may deal with certain people better than others .
And different people deal with someone with mental illness more easily than others .
One book I strongly recommend is called Boundaries .
It teaches how to set up healthy boundaries .
It is not mean or heartless .
It is self - preservation , love for yourself , respect for yourself .
And often it is better and more healthy for the sick person as well .
One question to ask yourself when setting up boundaries does that person take advantage of you .
If they take advantage of you , you must learn to say , " no . "
Until you learn to say no , they will continue to take advantage of you .
You may feel you have a responsibility to that person ; the truth is that if they are an adult , even if they are your child , you do not have a responsibility to be at their beck and call .
In some cases saying , " no " is being more loving to that person , especially in cases of enabling .
Also , when we set up boundaries towards our loved ones , it allows us to help them better since our emotions are not high , and patience is not lost .
Are You an Enabler ?
Also , you need to be honest with yourself .
One of the hardest questions , especially as a parent , needs to ask themselves is am I enabling this person .
Many parents of mentally ill adult children feel that they need to care for that person , even though that person is capable of caring for themselves .
By setting up boundaries , you are making them take responsibility for themselves and their actions .
It also teaches them to become more independent .
Friends , siblings , etc. can also do this .
Are you allowing them to worsen than illness and preventing them from getting the help they need , which needs to be assessed very carefully since it 's easy to make excuses for your reasons for intervening or helping the person out .
Often we have good intentions with disastrous results .
Is This a Toxic Relationship
Another thing you need to ask yourself ; is this a toxic relationship ?
A toxic relationship means any relationship where you are abused mentally , verbally , or physically , which is the hardest kind of boundary because , for your protection , you need to distance yourself from the abuser .
It 's hard to distance ourselves from someone we love .
We often want to be a martyr in order to help the other person , but we cannot do that at the expense of ourselves .
Not risking our emotional well being is not a selfish tactic .
When we allow others to abuse us , we are incapable of helping those around us who do need help .
You may be allowing yourself to be abused by this person , at the expense of helping other people , such as your children , or if the person is your child , your other children .
You may find yourself focused on your ill child ; you neglect the others .
You may also neglect your marriage .
When a person is toxic in your life , you may need to decide when they are no longer allowed in your life .
Your heart will break , that 's normal , but you are not only protecting yourself but those around you .
By cutting off toxic relationships , it allows your other relationships to blossom .
Allow Yourself To Grieve
Once you have set up boundaries , allow yourself time to cry .
The one thing you need to remember is that you are losing someone .
Maybe they are physically present in your life , but mentally the person you once loved is gone .
Let yourself mourn .
Remember the good times , but know that the good times you had were not with this person .
It was a healthy version of this person .
You can hope you will have them back but be realistic .
In most cases , unless that person seeks medical help , they will never be back .
They may have moments where they are doing better than other times , but expect that things can change right back quickly .
Mental illness is a terrible set of diseases .
There is not enough known about the human brain to cure such conditions .
Although it does not take away life , it takes away the quality of life .
It can affect those around the ill person more drastically than any other type of illness .
Be honest with yourself , be realistic , set up boundaries , and let yourself grieve .
This content is accurate and true to the best of the author ’s knowledge and is not meant to substitute for formal and individualized advice from a qualified professional .
Questions & Answers
Question :
Why do you mean when you write that mentally ill people are mean to the ones closest to them and nice to the outsiders ?
Answer : I believe that as the nature of all people , we tend to be the meanest to those we love because we have the protection that they will still love us .
We tend to treat those we do not know with respect or at least kind .
Somebody who is mentally ill is the same .
When they are having a hard day , they are going to allow that frustration to come out more around those they feel safe with .
Unfortunately , a mentally ill person tends to have a harder time not sharing these emotions outwardly , and may be more aggressive , meaner than if they were able to control their emotions better .
It is for this reason why they sometimes have difficulty even with those they do not know .
Question :
How do I cope when both of my parents are mentally ill ?
I also have the bad luck of being from a country where most people are frustrated with life and abuse others that are better than them .
Answer : I wish I could give you an answer that would cure you of your frustrations .
Unfortunately , there is not a cure - all answer for this .
Coming from a biblical perspective , I believe that each person goes through trials to help them grow .
It is our choice .
We can either allow these problems to make us bitter and afraid , or we can use these problems to educate others and help ourselves grow .
Can you fix what is going on with your parents ?
No .
Can you make others in your country treat people with respect ?
Not all of them .
What you can do is be the voice of reason , educating people on the goodness of being kind .
You can choose to find joy even when it 's not obviously present .
Look for the good in life and choose joy .
Try to be a light for others , who feel they are trapped in darkness , even when you feel you too are in that darkness .
We cannot change others , but we can change ourselves .
Question :
What if you are afraid of a mentally ill person , and you can not get professionals to help ?
Answer : Unfortunately , you need to think of your safety .
If you can get the police involved , that is the first step .
Be prepared that false accusations could be brought against yourself .
If you successfully get the police involved , you can seek a restraining order .
If you live with the person , you may need to consider moving or evicting the person .
If you are married , you may want to seek a women 's shelter .
These are only small pieces of advice from a non-professional .
The best bet is to seek a therapist for yourself who can help advise you and help you heal , and possibly lawyers if you are living with them or married to them .
If they are your children , you need to show tough love , possibly change locks , etc .
Question : I am the direct support staff for a 19 - year - old male .
How can I set boundaries with him ?
Answer :
There are many factors to consider .
Without knowing the boundary issues and the nature of your relationship , it is hard to say precisely .
I do know that you need to be clear and direct .
Avoid noncommittal language such as , " I wish you would ... , " or " I do n't like when you .... "
This does not give any direction .
Instead , you need to say very firm , direct statements such as , " Do not do ... , " and " Please do .... "
If you are soft natured like me , you may find that you naturally are soft in not only how you say things , but the words you use .
You need to make sure your words are very clear .
If there is any ambiguity , then someone who has boundary issues will take advantage of that .
Question :
What is the name of the book about setting boundaries ?
Answer : Boundaries by Henry Cloud .
It is an excellent book .
There is a workbook and video series as well .
Question :
What kinds of medications are used to treat mental illness ?
Answer :
There are so many different kinds of mental illnesses with just as many different treatments .
It 's important for a doctor to be very involved in prescribing these drugs and following up , because the wrong medication can throw off the chemistry of a person 's brain , causing them to get worse , not better .
Unfortunately , although you could find answers to this question online , each person , even with the same diagnosis , needs to have a unique treatment .
Question :
Please tell me where I may buy a copy of " Boundaries " and the workbook at a discounted price ?
Answer : Unfortunately , even if I found where they have a discount on it , that may change by the time you look there , as prices online are always changing .
That being said , two of my favorite places to barter books is paperbackswap.com and bookmooch.com .
Otherwise I look on amazon.com .
Question :
Our daughter who is 33 years - old has a personality disorder and needs our support in order to get help , but she is very disrespectful .
I finally said you are on your own .
Is it alright to distance ourselves from our adult , mentally ill daughter ?
Answer : I can not give my own opinion without more details .
There are way too many factors to consider when asking if not helping someone is right .
In the case of abuse , I believe you need to protect yourself from that person .
Personally , if she is sincere about getting help , and needs you to assist her , then I would encourage you to help her if you are able to do so without harm to yourself .
Part of her disrespect could be her inability to manage her own feelings due to her personality disorder .
I wish I could give a cut and dry answer , but often situations like this are so complex , you would need to talk with a counselor in order to know what the best course of action you should take .
Question :
My daughter - in - law , who has borderline bipolar , asked my son for a divorce .
What can I do ?
Answer :
The only thing you really can do is be there for your son .
Show him that you love him and you support him during his hard time .
Encourage him to prevent himself ( and yourself ) from becoming bitter .
Help him reach acceptance .
Be civil and cordial to your daughter - in - law , and do not get in the middle .
It will not help anyone .
Question : About toxic relationship , my mom was my abuser while she had a mental illness .
After three years , I 'm finally seeing her and helping her .
She told me she has forgotten about those times .
Since I am helping her with rides , food , and clothes , is this still a toxic relationship ?
Answer : I wish I could give a definitive answer ; unfortunately , it is a complicated question .
I have found when dealing with people with mental illness , that they often do claim that they have forgotten their bad behavior .
I do not know if I believe them , but I do know it is common .
As far as is it still a toxic relationship , that depends on a lot of factors .
How does seeing her make you feel ?
How does she treat you ?
How do you feel after you spend time with her ?
Is she limiting your relationships with anyone else ?
The questions could go on and on .
These are just a few to consider .
I believe as long as you can maintain a healthy outlook on yourself , and she is not currently negatively impacting you , then she may be no longer toxic for you to be around .
Question : I am a parent of a 40 - year - old young man who refuses to accept his mental illness .
It has been nine months since his relapse , and I am ready to detach .
It 's exhausting to encourage him to seek help , work , and for me to focus on my work and needs .
Am I approaching this right ?
Answer : Honestly , every case is so complicated there really is no right answer .
You may have to continually reevaluate the circumstance and adjust .
It is not like there is one right way to do it .
I strongly recommend you find a counselor for yourself that can help you talk through this .
Many churches have counselors for free .
Look for a church that is really big , and they are more likely to have one on staff .
Many have worked at other facilities , but for whatever reason have chosen to switch to churches .
I think you need to make sure you are caring for yourself before you attempt to care for him , otherwise , you are both going to drown .
If he is refusing help , you need to be able to remove yourself from him , until he is willing to seek the help he needs .
A counselor for you will know what you can and cannot do , and also help you see what is the right way to deal with it for you .
A big part of it is putting up boundaries , but boundaries are going to look different for everyone based on temperament , personality , etc .
Question :
Do you know of any support groups for family members dealing with this ?
Answer :
If you want one that is in your area , you may wish to contact the nearest mental health hospital .
Otherwise , Facebook has a few .
One called " Family and Friend of Adult Loved Ones with Mental Illness " as well as " VOICES ( Loved Ones of addiction and Mental Illness ) "
© 2010 Angela Michelle Schultz
Jennifer H on March 19 , 2020 :
This has been the most honest site I have come across about having to put yourself first .
too many give bad advice that say lie and put up with that person .
you get the how to talk to them to keep them calm as if there is no such thing as most of us know it .
Thank you
Jennifer H on March 19 , 2020 :
I know what is is like dealing with a mentally ill parent and the other neglectful of our feelings who keeps changing .
My son who lived with them does n't seem to notice why the rest of us birth kids do n't take it .
He is mad at us because my mother tells lies to everyone about us birth kids for not letting her abuse us especially .
We love our parents even thou we have families of our own even if they do n't know it .
I feel sorry for my son who thinks he is hearing the truth from my mother .
The anger he carries is really getting deeper and he is getting angrier as time goes on .
The funny thing is our mother is the only one he talks to so he really has no knowledge about the rest of us .
I feel those who deal with this issue pains .
Jeff on November 03 , 2019 :
Very helpful in dealing with my wife !
She has been violent , abusive , in and out of jail and still refuses any help .
I had to evict her and pursue a divorce .
I feel enormous guilt , but have no choice .
Thank you for your advice .
Truth Really Is on November 03 , 2019 :
Most women nowadays are very damaged altogether since Bi Polar in women is very common now , and that is very scary for many of us single men trying to meet a woman now that is n't like that at all .
And they can be very extremely dangerous as well .
Angela Michelle Schultz ( author ) from United States on June 22 , 2018 :
A lot of this very good advice Courtretort .
Thanks for the great advice !
Courtretort on June 22 , 2018 :
My best advice , having had a mentally ill sil for years ( and it really may be PTSD due to an abortion ) is
a. see that person in family groups , or at least two people .
They tend to twist events or manipulate to get their way and or to keep the dynamic about them .
b. refuse to be the professional counsellor ; tell the person , I am not equipped to solve your issues / problems ; talk to your counselors
c. Try to keep the conversation on events vs. emotions and turn the conversation to HEALTH .
d . For celebrations , try to keep them in public spaces , i.e. , community centers , restaurants so that the person does not assign you the role of the person who will " take care of me " the rest of my life and / or invite me over on birthdays .
Suggest , too , that ALL in the group ( and talk about this " off line an why ) pick up the tab for this person .
One time in that person 's mind can become equated as a tradition that X person who means to treat once gets assigned ( in the ill person 's mind ) to do .
e. Keep all the ends an out of your personal life from the person and do not relate to them around your own angsts and illnesses
f. If this person tries to assign you a role or put an expectation on you you do n't have for your self , tell them so .
" No , that 's not my role " or " I do n't see myself that way " or if they try to do too much transference , say , " I am not your mom " or whomever .
If this is sibling who could not ( or would not ) move on from family of origin dynamics and you did a long time a go , may have to remind them that a .
you love them but b. your first loyalty is to your spouse and children if you have them .
Divorced people , too , who are also mentally ill as adults may tend to revert to family of origin dynamics with a vengeance or regress to a " safer " period of life .
Such a person will find it hard to relate to you outside that narrow view he / she had of you at an earlier time .
You may say , " That was a long time ago . "
If a parent hopes you will take a sick sibling into you home , do not .
You do not want to make another family sick reacting to a sick person .
There may be section 8 housing and benefits for said person with a social worker , and it is healthier for this " adult " to live in such an environment as it is for you .
Again , see this person always with a " buddy " / partner / witness .
Such people can really twist things and try to guilt trip you to do their bidding when it is not healthy for you .
Angela Michelle Schultz ( author ) from United States on June 18 , 2018 :
Placing boundaries is not about cutting people out of your life .
It is about learning to live in a healthy way even though they are still around .
It 's learning how to say no , and stand your ground .
Sometimes that may mean you need to say no you cannot hang out / visit / etc. , unless they treat you with respect .
That may mean to walk out of the house calmly when they are treating you poorly .
Setting boundaries is different then setting up walls .
Walls you cannot walk through .
Boundaries you can walk through under certain conditions .
Mary on June 18 , 2018 :
I tried to set boundaries with my father whose been emotionally unavailable for me my whole life , but has always expected me to be there for him .
I am mourning the loss of the deep connection we once shared .
Memories I 've seemed to suppress , but must have been there .
I feel a strong sense of guilt , but he was an alcoholic with ptsd and would make me listen to his sob stories about being molested as a child and teen when I was a teen myself .
He made up weird lies to me as an adult , like having a girlfriend " Helena Bucket " ( hell in a bucket ) because that was life ( my mom ) .
A " joke " that went on for years .
It is his sick sarcastic sense of humor .
And the more I think of it , the more I feel disgusted with my father .
But he has done many kind things for me .
As a teen , he 'd always give me and my friends rides anywhere on the weekends and after work .
He 'd give me money to go shopping even though I had no chores .
( He felt guilty because my mom had schizophrenia .
But he also has a codependent relationship with her . )
I 'm in the process of cutting them out completely .
I do n't want to , but they trigger my PTSD even more when they are around .
My dad , thinking he 's the nicest person in the world , but really just being weird .
He showed up at my house uninvited 2 months after I stopped talking to him to check if I " was alive " .
I live 2 hours away .
Yes , I ignored his calls because he would n't allow me to say no to visits .
But , if this were the truth , he could have my brother text me , or check facebook , or check with my friends , or text / call my boyfriend of 9 years that I live with .
It was a blatant manipulation tactic .
When he was here , I told him I was quitting my severely stressful job ( where I had outlasted all my coworkers ) .
He did n't attempt to understand and just told me not to quit .
I had a graduate degree , and offers within a week of quitting .
But , does he care or even acknowledge any of that ?
Nope .
We have n't spoken sense .
But it continues to tear me up inside .
Connie on May 24 , 2018 :
This is good advice as Tom said .
It 's things you know , but to take the time to sit and read it , helps you to breathe .
Funny , how you can be married to someone for years and not realize that the roller coaster ride is due to a mental illness of some kind .
Depression has been obvious , and treatable .
However , the strange emotional disconnect has played havoc on every relationship my husband has ever had .
It is now taking it 's toll on ours .
I 'm at the point where I need to decide , do I embrace the situation - now recognizing this as mental illness - or walk away .
Thank you again Angela .
Tom Hoppel on April 13 , 2018 :
Thanks for this advice .
i needed to hear it .
Angela Michelle Schultz ( author ) from United States on February 15 , 2018 :
Unfortunately boundaries are essential .
Sometimes the boundary needs to be completely cut off either temporarily or permanently .
I had a similar situation and cut off all communication for four years .
Now we are friends again but I do keep clear boundaries .
Lissa1618 on February 15 , 2018 :
I have a friend that has schizophrenia and is currently going through psychotic episodes and is hospitalized .
I have been trying to be supportive and taking her calls while she is in there to just listen .
After each conversation I feel very upset and stressed .
I know it is not her but I still can't shake it off .
She has recently started lashing out at me sending me very dark disturbing angry messages and texts .
I have blocked her and distanced myself from her for obvious safety reasons .
I am trying to start a family and this stress is taking a negative effect on trying to conceive .
I know it was the right thing to block her and like you said in your article it is like grieving a living person .
It will take time of course .
I 'm sure the worst thing to do is cut off someone who is mentally ill .
But right now I am conflicted on how and if you go back to being friends with her after she is well again .
We have been friends for 15 years .
Angela Michelle Schultz ( author ) from United States on February 02 , 2018 :
Unfortunately , you might not be able to without hurting her feelings .
It is very hard .
I am so sorry you are going through this .
Frustrated on February 02 , 2018 :
I have a friend that has become mentally unstable wo n't leave her home or have anyone to her house and her calls and annoying me to the point if driving me crazy .
How do I take care of this problem with out hurting her feelings .
Suki on October 17 , 2017 :
Thank You !
Angela Michelle Schultz ( author ) from United States on October 16 , 2017 :
The hard truth is your primary responsibility is your spouse and kids .
Your brother is secondary .
First look at how it will affect them .
If it 's going to hurt them physically , emotionally , spiritually , etc , then you need to say no .
It 's hard , because you so badly want to help , but you cannot place your brother ahead of your current family .
Unfortunately , the best plan is to help him find a homeless shelter near him , if he is severe enough a group home .
It may feel heartless , but you do need to protect your immediate family .
Give him love and support .
Suki on October 16 , 2017 :
I am not sure what to do .
My brother is mentally ill ( possibly borderline disorder , bi-polar , not sure ) .
His cycle is to find a place to live for free or minimal rent , then leave with no other plan .
He goes into crisis mode as he needs a place to live urgently .
That is when I get a call that he wants to drive across the country and live with me and my family for 1 week , 1 month , etc .
I do n't think it is a good idea as it 1 . will enable him , 2 . he is unstable 3 .
I will end up having to kick him out as he oversteps boundaries
Any advice on how I can help him ?
Peacemaker on September 22 , 2017 :
I read your article above and much of it rang true however I 'm still in a quandary as to either attempt to set boundaries or cut the other person off completely .
Every time the other person contacts me I feel stressed .
To be honest at this point I just want them to leave me alone but they wo n't .
They either strike out by saying something mean or then play the Martyr and say how hurt they are or why am I doing what I 'm doing by not communicating with them .
I 've come to the conclusion that the person has some sort of mental illness .
They have admitted they have memory problems which is very obvious but have not said specifically what their problem is .
They did say they are on two forms of medication and that they are depressed .
It 's more than mere depression as I have experienced verbal lashing out and accusations that are paranoid and fabricated in their own mind .
When trying to talk about it I get the proverbial well we 'll just have to agree to disagree .
There is no reasoning so how can I talk to this person and how can they understand boundaries ?
If I do n't say anything I 'm a terrible person and they 're going to keep coming at me striking out and then pleading .
I did speak to them and send them an email explaining exactly what their offense was and what I expected them to do and all I got was well I hope you feel better .
A vicious email was sent to our family accusing me of things which we 're not true and honestly maligned my reputation to family I have n't seen in over 30 years .
They then said do n't bring the family into it .
I have said nothing to our family .
I told this person they created the mess now they need to clean it up which they refuse to do so .
Then since they cc:d my sister in the email she politely tried to explain the actual issues which they then responded with another abusive and fantasy response to her about me .
The sad thing is I 've been trying to get my sister to give him another chance .
Her opinion of this person has been that he has issues and does n't want to have much to do with him .
So I got the proverbial I told you so from her which I deserved .
I do n't know how to say anything as I fear there will be a backlash .
I feel horrible going silent but anything I say seems to only infame this .
I think I have been an enabler trying to always be the peacemaker so to speak and try to be kind but it has taken s huge toll on me .
I am finally coming to the point where I reslize this is not healthy .
My stomach is in knots .
Any suggestions would be appreciated .
Annalisa on September 20 , 2017 :
Angela , thanks for your wisdom and your support in this site .
It is so very difficult to live with the mentally ill .
Even when my daughter takes her meds , she can be so angry and so mean .
There are mentally ill people on her father 's side and she actually looks a lot like them physically .
I try so hard to put up with her abuse and to help her , but as she is an adult , I have decided that I am going to put up some boundaries so that I do n't have to take so much of her abuse .
I feel good about my decision .
I will always be there for her to help her in every way , but I am weary and sick of her abusive comments and her awful temper which she takes out on me .
I hope I can put up certain boundaries and I hope that it will help some .
Angela Michelle Schultz ( author ) from United States on August 13 , 2017 :
I 'm so sorry you are struggling .
I often look at some of my loved ones who do suffer with their own mental illness and realize that they are suffering far more than I am .
They want to be content with life , but they can not get there .
On medication they are a little better , but getting them to a spot to be willing to take it is hard , then again , they still are n't fully who they truly are .
I have heard that diet is huge , eating clean , low inflammatory diet ( no wheat or dairy , etc ) .
I 'm sure it does n't help everyone , but it does help some .
Diana on August 09 , 2017 :
I have a mental illness -- bipolar disorder and my older daughter has depression and anxiety .
It 's very difficult to deal with someone elses mental illness when you have one of your own .
On the one hand , you understand what they are going through .
But on the other hand , you are n't always equipped to deal with it .
I am in mourning .
I feel like she died .
It 's exactly like mourning a death but no - one gets it so you suffer all alone .
I 'm beginning to have trouble coping with it .
Thanks for this article .
It 's nice to know someone else understands .
Annalisa on July 26 , 2017 :
My mentally ill family members are driving me crazy .
They are so mean and awful .
One wo n't seek help ( total denial ) and the other one is on meds but they do n't seem to work .
She tells lies to her therapist on important issues , and thinks this is OK
Angela Michelle Schultz ( author ) from United States on June 05 , 2017 :
In my circumstances , I had to cut off my emotionally volatile person completely .
Then slowly let them back into my life .
I could n't just place boundaries from where we were , I had to literally cut her off , because I could not handle the backlash when I tried placing smaller boundaries .
DarlyneM on May 24 , 2017 :
My mentally ill younger sister has been living with me for above 2 years .
I 've been through the ringer with her , between doing cocaine , having a bad abortion and being hospitalized twice in a course of a few months .
She 's getting better , getting therapy , she 's taking her meds , but she still has mood swings and out of control behavior , blaming everyone is our family for her out burst .
I 've enabled her and should of set boundaries from the start .
I feel really bad for her because no one in my family will take her in .
When she 's calm and sweet , we are the best of friends , but when she in rage it 's a living hell .
I 've financially supported her for almost the last 2 years and I do n't make that much money .
I just wanted to help her , but I feel like I 've made it so much worse .
I 'm not good with confronting people , How do set boundaries with a very emotionally volatile person ?
Tami on March 21 , 2017 :
Hi I am dealing with a mental ill ( Psychosis , PTSD , MDD , Anxiety ) Adult son who is also addicted to cannabis which triggers the Psychosis .
He has been in and out of the mental hospital and the last incident he actual was violent and hurt a family member over a delusion .
I desperately want to help him and guide him through his out patient care but he is so unpredictable and I am now a nervous wreck .
I can barley hold down my job .
I am trying to figure out how to set healthy boundaries .
he does not live with me but lives three blocks away .
So he is constantly knocking at my door and if I do n't answer he 's trying to break in .
I am afraid of him .
Some days he is loving and some days he is combative .
I grieve everyday for my son who has a beautiful girlfriend of 8 years , two beautiful little girls and he once had a great career .
I 'm at my wits end .
Angela Michelle Schultz ( author ) from United States on February 13 , 2017 :
Because in a way , you did lose them .
anonymous on February 11 , 2017 :
Thanks for the article .
Grief is surprisingly the emotion which hits you when you have a mentally ill family member .
I just realized that I have been through that grief for years and it is a natural reaction .
It is weird because you grieve for an alive person as if you lost them .
Angela Michelle Schultz ( author ) from United States on December 22 , 2016 :
I am praying for you .
Mental illness , schizophrenia apecifically , is especially hard for me to understand .
I wish I could tell you what you should do , but unfortunately there are so many things to keep into consideration .
If she 's like my loved one , your help will only anger her .
I send love distantly and keep them at arms length .
For me it hurts too much and I can not handle it .
Plus I have my kids to think about .
Anonymous on December 22 , 2016 :
I have a sister - my only sibling - who has always suffered from anxiety .
Recently , this escalated .
She had a nervous breakdown followed by a period of severe depression and manic episodes .
She sought treatment , but it has been two months and the drugs are clearly not working .
My sister complains of losing herself , of not being able to think clearly , of feeling worthless and a burden to her family .
She does not demand our help .
My mother and I do our best to be there for her because we are so worried about how this will end .
My sister is married with two children , her little family is suffering greatly through all of this .
For me personally , the biggest problem has been a feeling of guilt .
It 's as though I am not allowed to feel happy or carefree any more .
The moment I do , I feel guilty .
This Christmas I am travelling to be with my sister and close family , but the guilt is still there because I am taking one ( one ! ) day for myself before heading off .
I have already received emotional text messages from my mother , suggesting I should be there sooner .
The problem is , I have worked very hard in the lead up to Christmas , and I truly need a day 's rest .
Actually , I would like a proper holiday , but it cannot happen .
For better or worse , I must try and be there for my sister .
Yes , I am angry at the whole situation .
But more than this , I want to know what I can do to actually help .
I do not live close enough to be able to see my sister often .
I lack the funds to pay for airplane tickets on a regular basis .
Failing that , I do not know what else I can do .
The feeling of helplessness is even worse than the feeling of guilt .
The whole situation makes me want to run away , but of course I love my sister too much to desert her in her time of need .
I worry about the future , about my sister , her children , my mother and myself .
My father killed himself when I was 5 - he was diagnosed schizophrenic .
I fear that my sister has inherited the same genes .
I do n't want to lose her , and I will do anything to save her .
But what is it that I should do ?
Should I be quitting my job to be with her full time ?
I do n't feel I should give up everything I love , I do n't think me being miserable would help her .
And so this is Christmas ...
Jojo on July 13 , 2016 :
I do n't disagree with a lot of what is said here .
In fact , in many respects , I do agree .
And yet I feel as if it 's really important to not feed into the stigma of mental illness ; the truth is that living with a mental illness or treatment - resistant depression is emotional torture .
It is your own brain telling you that you do not matter , you are a horrible person , everybody hates you , life is worthless , everything feels deeply painful all of the time .
Nobody with mental illness wants to feel this way - we desperately want to feel better , and we truly want to stop hurting the people around us .
We are aware of the pain we cause to the people we love .
We already know that not enough is known about the human brain to cure such diseases ; that is the torture of being mentally ill .
We know that we are no longer the healthy person that we used to be .
These are thoughts running through our minds constantly .
So where is the hope , for us , then ?
We are already grieving ourselves , our former , healthy selves , and what it feels like to be happy .
The stigma that society places on the mentally ill is alienating and adds to the distress that we feel , and that is why I find this article very difficult to read .
I feel apprehensive to share my situation , but if I ever get well again I know that I need to make it my objective to spread awareness on mental illness .
I cannot give details on my particular situation , but I feel that it 's important for me to express that most , if not all , people with mental illness have experienced trauma of some kind .
And living with PTSD is incredibly difficult .
It took me a very long time to accept and take steps to treat my mental illness ; it 's important to remember that depression , bipolar disorder , BPD , PTSD , anxiety , panic disorders , etc. are cyclical illnesses , that can be treated , but the tragedy that this article emphasizes is that every person is different and will thus respond to treatments differently .
I for one do not have a definitive diagnosis , despite being in the privileged position of being able to afford programs that provide comprehensive diagnostic evaluation ; I definitely have major depression & anxiety , but I exhibit traits of bipolar II and BPD ( borderline personality disorder ; which for me manifests itself in attachment and abandonment issues ) as well but do not fill the criteria for a complete diagnosis for either of these diseases .
It is harder to treat people who do not have a definitive diagnosis because it is harder to figure out the right medication .
In my situation , I did not seek help for my depression until I was 23 , after I graduated from college .
I began seeing a therapist which did help , but she retired after I was seeing her for 6 months , and it is very hard to start from scratch with another therapist , especially when you 've found someone you trust .
I almost immediately began spiraling after my work with this therapist ended , and within a couple months my relationship of almost 5 years ended -- which was devastating , I wanted to end my life , I was hopeless , but I did n't want to do so without at least trying to see if I could get better .
So I sought out another therapist , which turned out to be complicated , because I needed to move back in with my parents within a month or two ( I am from the east coast but was living out west , where I went to school ) .
I was n't well enough to go to work or live independently ; I 'm lucky to have the parents I have , they somewhat forcefully got me to seek help .
I began seeing a therapist who referred me to a psychiatrist who immediately put me on medication ( lexapro ) and the medication helped significantly -- my boyfriend and I got back together shortly after , I applied to graduate school , and embarked on a solo backpacking adventure .
I was doing very well & was very happy for a year and a half .
But near the end of my first year in grad school , I stopped taking my medication , and within a few months , I was completely immersed in depression again -- I barely left my bed for an entire summer .
I started lexapro and was also put on new medication ( abilify ) that made me extremely lethargic , then tried another ( latuda ) which made me feel the same , then finally lithium , which at first seemed to help , but not significantly , because within months I harmed myself and had to go to the hospital .
It was extremely traumatizing and put an enormous strain on my relationship .
He did many of the things suggested above in response .
I knew I deserved it , I was and am very unhealthy , but it did n't make it any less hurtful .
Within months he left and has been very adamant about setting the boundaries with me described above over the course of the past 3 months since .
It 's not that I do n't understand it ; it 's just extremely difficult to deal with the shame & regret for what my mental illness has done to me and to him .
I feel truly awful for the pain I 've caused .
A couple of weeks ago I entered a well - regarded treatment program ; a live in facility with a full psychiatric team & group therapy , the diagnostic evaluation that I mentioned earlier , but it 's only meant to be a 2 week evaluation .
Most of the other patients and staff I met there were absolutely wonderful people , and all of us were trying our absolute hardest to get better .
Ultimately , it did not improve my condition ; despite being on several medications , I do not feel any better .
I have tried 6 medications in the past year and have consistently been in individual and group therapy .
I wrote out 6 pages of reasons as to why I felt the program was ineffective , so I wo n't go into detail here , but I will say that even the best psychiatrists in the country will say that mental health treatment in the US is a mess and extremely underfunded .
Yet the statistic is that 1 in 5 adults suffers from some sort of mental illness .
Seeking professional help is not as simple as it sounds , and does not work for many people , who are trying to do everything they can to survive .
I do n't believe that the majority of people want to die from depression , however I must emphasize that suicide is the fatal result from depression .
I find it hard to believe that most people who threaten suicide simply do so for attention or to manipulate people .
They are crying out for help to the people they love .
Anyway , there is much for more to say , but I will leave it there .
I wanted to post a comment partly because it helps to write this out , but I also think it 's important for people to think about how difficult it is to live with mental illness and to seek help for it .
We all want to live , but sometimes it is extremely difficult to do so .
Emotional pain is a very real and seething thing and no one truly wants to suffer or make others suffer for it .
Thank you for listening .
narol denison on March 05 , 2014 :
i will like to share my testimony to you all .
i just got married to my husband about a year ago we start having problems at home like we stop sleeping on the same bed , fighting about little things he always comes home late at night , drinking too much and sleeping with other women out side .
i have never love any man in my life except him .he is the father of my children and i do n't want to loose him because we have worked so hard together to become what we are and have today .
few month ago he now decided to live me and the kid , being a single mother can be hard sometimes and so i have nobody to turn to and i was heart broken .
i called my mom and explain every thing to her , my mother told me about Dr Jatto how he helped her solve the problem between her and my dad i was surprise about it because they have been without each other for three and a half years and it was like a miracle how they came back to each other .
i was directed to Dr Jatto and explain everything to him , so he promise me not to worry that he will cast a spell and make things come back to how we where so much in love again and that it was another female spirit that was controlling my husband .he told me that my problem will be solved within two days if i believe i said OK .
So he cast a spell for me and after two days my love came back asking me to forgive him . i
Am so happy now .
so that why i decided to share my experience with every body that have such problem contact him email .
drjattosplltemple@gmail.com
narol denison
1. GETTING YOUR EX LOVER BACK .
2. WINNING LOTTERIES .
3. CHILD BEARING .
4. BREAKING OF GENERATION COURSE .
5. GETTING OF JOB .
6. JOB PROMOTION .
7. MONEY SPELL .
8. SPIRITUAL PROTECTION .
9. HERBAL CARE .
10 . BEAUTY SPELL .
Angela Michelle Schultz ( author ) from United States on May 23 , 2013 :
You need to report him .
Angel on May 22 , 2013 :
I was molested when i was 5 or 6 , there were to men , I carried it with me all my life like it was a bad dream ,
but i knew that it is reality just did not want to admit the problem .
After 30 some years my uncle reminded me of what i thought was a bad dream he made
it reality .
There is no possible way anyone could have known unless that person was involved or someone that he knows was involved that was there at the time .
My life has taken a bad turn ever since .
I 'm misunderstood for being a nervous reck , plus it makes it worst cause i have a neurological disorder called CMT .
My uncle is a wealthy man with , set me up because what he said to me back fired on him he was expecting me to keep my mouth shut .
I 've known him all my life .
He reminded me after 30 some years later .
He said " what you have n't sucked ____ " refering to the male private part , and other things .
I was in a dark place after i heard that .
I 'm at a point where this man to protect his reputation is turning everyone against me .
Because he is afraid if that ever comes out or spreads it will be his life down the drain .
This is the man that believes from a book he read , that you need to destroy your enemies in every way financially and other .
I am the person of respect , my uncle turns people against me with money .
He formed a cult with people that are on his side .
I am afraid for my life and my family's .
Angela Michelle Schultz ( author ) from United States on April 07 , 2013 :
agreed . :)
PNforHP on March 20 , 2013 :
The need to set boundaries is not just for some people , but all .
Having survived an extremely toxic and abusive relationship with a family member , who got away with it because he is not mentally ill , it must be said , that sometimes it is NOT the person with the mental disease but the person without one that is a boundary violater .
They get away with it because they laugh off the abuse they give to the person who is mentally ill , as ' crazy ' , ' dont know what your talking about ' , ' never happened ' , etc. , only to start the process all over again , in effect lying to their face , and people who are mentally ill , just like everyone else , soon realize this , hope to keep the relationship , but heartbreakingly realize that this person is not safe to be around for any length of time , that the person they knew is not the same , but not mentally ill either .
Sometimes it is not the person who is mentally ill , but the person who is not , that is the one who needs help .
Angela Michelle Schultz ( author ) from United States on December 10 , 2012 :
I 'm sorry you had to grow up like that .
I 'm glad you are learning to change from the learned habits .
Tara7 on December 05 , 2012 :
It 's very difficult to deal with somebody who has a mental illnes ..
I grew up with a mother who is bipolar .
We were always fighting and I got always the blaim for it , cause my father always took her side ..
We , my father and me could n't show emotions , she was the only who could do that ..
She always need all the attention , ... So when you grow up like that , you do n't know better ..
You get two types of people like the really quit scared one , and the rebel fighting against it ..
At a young age the fear changed into anger , and I was always fighting outside ..
You have no idea what an impact it got on somebody who grew up like that ..
Now that I am older and I have a beautiful son , I slowly start to change , babysteps ..
I learned that you do n't always have to fight back if somebody is upsetting you , cause that was the first thing I always did , you making trouble with me , I make sure you really get scared of me , so that you never ever bother me again ..
I do meditation and slowly I get to know the real me :-)
Cause the way I grew up , was different , and thank God my father was in that point a very good example , and he still is .. Slowly things getting better for me ..
But I always used to attracte situation simalor like the way I grew up , were I got humalited al the time by my mum , crazy enough cause it made feel safe ...
Angela Michelle Schultz ( author ) from United States on November 23 , 2012 :
I wish I could , hopefully someone else will have better advice .
I can and will pray .
mistyfier on November 22 , 2012 :
My mother - in - law is very obviously mentally ill .
I have no doubt that she is in need of professional help .
She is verbally abusive , demanding , degrading , and unappreciative to everyone that is close to her .
She seems to be an expert at fooling the rest whether they be doctors or strangers .
My husband said it all started when her father died .
she went into what they call a " coma " because , for an entire year she did n't speak or show emotion at all .
Being a child of an achoholic and an ex-wife of a full blown addict of opiates and narchotics I have done alot of research on the subjects .
So from personal experience and research I van say that without a doubt she is an alchoholic as well as addicted to pain medicine and OTC allergy medicine .
she snaps .
She lives .
She pays you off to not say anything .
My poor husband and his father have been accepting ( enabeling ) this behavior for years .
I have brought attention to the fact that this is not OK .
something has to be done .
I have set my boundaries but this situation needs an intervention .
Any one out there know where i should start
Angela Michelle Schultz ( author ) from United States on August 09 , 2012 :
I do have family members who have a mental illness .
There are actually multiple people in my life who have mental illness .
Denise Handlon from North Carolina on August 08 , 2012 :
Angela - this is one of the most ' right on ' articles I have read concerning knowing and caring for the mentally ill .
Your advice is sound and accurate , and I must add , makes me curious if you have a family member who is M.I .
Your advice comes from a place of experience .
I applaud your acknowledgement of the grief that comes up .
When people do not recognize grief it shows up in other ways : frustration , anger , resentment and physical illness .
How honorable that you give voice to the loss of the potential of another human being .
What one must also remember is that we are all teachers for each other ; even those who have mental illness .
Setting and keeping boundaries is not an easy task , but a necessary one .
Not only is it healthy , but it is the compassionate thing to do .
Rated up / I/ U and A
Angela Michelle Schultz ( author ) from United States on April 10 , 2012 :
Sue , the truth of the matter is , you can not do it alone .
You need to try to get him help .
You also need to place some boundaries up for your brother .
It 's very hard , but you need to protect yourself .
People who have mental illness who refuse to get help , end up hurting those they love .
One of the hardest things to do is to show tough love , but you may come to a point where you have to say , " I love you , but you need to get help .
If you wo n't help yourself , then I can no longer help you . "
At this point , I do n't know where his illness is , but at some point it will get to that point , unless he 's willing to get the help he needs .
It will be the hardest thing you ever have to do , but tough love is sometimes needed .
sue on April 08 , 2012 :
Angela , thank you for your writings on mental illness .
I am doing my best to care for my ederly parents and takes every bit of my energy to do so .
Now , my brother has developed sometime type of mental illness .
He believes people are following him etc .
So , I have him living with me , I try to help him , I feel it is out of my control .
I know my parents see it to , everyone is kind of unsure how to handle what is before us .
I am so scared my husband is going to eventually stop supporting me who tried to help everyone .
Shame on his if he does .
But , I need to know the best way to get my brother help ?
Angela Michelle Schultz ( author ) from United States on December 06 , 2011 :
I really wish I did .
Boundaries is one , it teaches you about putting up boundaries , but as for just comfort , I do n't know of one .
It is kind of weird , because it is like they can flip a switch from mentally ill to normal depending who they are around , so it feels like they are purposely targeting you .
It 's frustrating .
I wish I was more help , but all I know is what I have shared .
Angela Michelle Schultz ( author ) from United States on December 06 , 2011 :
I really wish I did .
Boundaries is one , it teaches you about putting up boundaries , but as for just comfort , I do n't know of one .
It is kind of weird , because it is like they can flip a switch from mentally ill to normal depending who they are around , so it feels like they are purposely targeting you .
It 's frustrating .
I wish I was more help , but all I know is what I have shared .
SLM on December 06 , 2011 :
My Mother has been mentally ill most or all of her life .
She was abused by a family friend when she was 4 .
She has been diagnosed with many different disorders and frankly I am not sure which if any are the correct one .
She is approaching 80 and physically in better health than I .
She has a very limited income and relies on me for her transportation etc .
She is very demanding and manipulative .
She is like a 2 year old that wants ice cream she wo n’t give up .
She does not act this way with other people .
I often wonder how it she is cognizant enough to pick and choose .
Any suggestions on reading material ?
Angela Michelle Schultz ( author ) from United States on October 17 , 2011 :
I think it is so hard , especially as parents , not to enable , because you feel you are meant to care for them through good and bad .
So you feel like you are doing good by " helping " them , but then you realize you are not helping them being better versions of themselves , but helping them maintaining their bad choices .
grieving mom on October 13 , 2011 :
my husband and I have a son with mental illness .
he is also a drug addict .
IT is a very toxic and mentally and emotional abusive to us .
We try to try to help him but he does not follow through .
Putting him on the street has been tough .
He constantly harrasses us .
We need to grieve but .... we have also been enablers .... thinking we can save him .
Angela Michelle Schultz ( author ) from United States on January 14 , 2011 :
Anon , that 's a very good question .
And I do n't have an answer for you .
anon on January 13 , 2011 :
What about when you are married to the person ?
This article does n't help with that ...
Angela Michelle Schultz ( author ) from United States on October 11 , 2010 :
I 'm so sorry for your loss Asp52 .
It truly is mourning .
I " lost " someone to mental illness many years ago .
I think the hardest part of it is there is this constant hope that someday they are going to be normal again .
That someday you will have them back .
Whereas death , you can move on eventually , I think with mental illness you do n't fully allow yourself to completely move on .
Andrew Stewart from England on October 11 , 2010 :
Great hub Angela - my wife has recently been diagnosed type 2 bi-polar and she has called time on our marriage .
Of course i will always be there for her but i agree it is like mourning the loss of a living person .
I think mourning sums it up completely .
Thanks for your article
Angela Michelle Schultz ( author ) from United States on September 14 , 2010 :
I 've never heard of that , I 'll have to netflix it .
I 'll let you know what I think . :)
Rich on September 14 , 2010 :
Check out the film , " Strive For Happiness . "
Angela Michelle Schultz ( author ) from United States on March 28 , 2010 :
Your welcome !
And I hope you do .
I 'm so random , I write about everything !
I 'm obsessed with learning !
mygreatestlove from Georgia on March 28 , 2010 :
Thank you for coming by !
I appreciate your comment .
Nice reads !!!
I look forward to reading more of you !
God Bless !!!
Angela Michelle Schultz ( author ) from United States on March 14 , 2010 :
Lovelypaper , I know how you feel .
I love the mentally ill people in my life deeply as well .
Renee S from Virginia on March 14 , 2010 :
My best friend from High School is mentally ill and a completely different person than she was in school .
I miss who she was but love her no less .
It 's difficult .
Thanks for writing about such an important topic .
Angela Michelle Schultz ( author ) from United States on March 11 , 2010 :
Unfortunately , these are things you need to constantly remind yourself of .
It 's hard to set up healthy boundaries , but we need to ... it 's hard .
Smokes Angel from Broke Alabama on March 11 , 2010 :
Angela this is awesome .
You are an incredible writer and I am glad I read this
Marriage is more beneficial for men than for women -- at least for those who want a long life .
Previous studies have shown that men with younger wives live longer .
While it had long been assumed that women with younger husbands also live longer , in a new study Sven Drefahl from the Max Planck Institute for Demographic Research ( MPIDR ) in Rostock , Germany , has shown that this is not the case .
Instead , the greater the age difference from the husband , the lower the wife 's life expectancy .
This is the case irrespective of whether the woman is younger or older than her spouse .
Related to life expectancy choosing a wife is easy for men -- the younger the better .
The mortality risk of a husband who is seven to nine years older than his wife is reduced by eleven percent compared to couples where both partners are the same age .
Conversely , a man dies earlier when he is younger than his spouse .
For years , researchers have thought that this data holds true for both sexes .
They assumed an effect called " health selection " was in play ; those who select younger partners are able to do so because they are healthier and thus already have a higher life expectancy .
It was also thought that a younger spouse has a positive psychological and social effect on an older partner and can be a better caretaker in old age , thereby helping to extend the partner 's life .
" These theories now have to be reconsidered , " says Drefahl .
" It appears that the reasons for mortality differences due to the age gap of the spouses remain unclear . "
Using data from almost two million Danish couples , Drefahl was able to eliminate the statistical shortcomings of earlier research , and showed that the best choice for a woman is to marry a man of exactly the same age ; an older husband shortens her life , and a younger one even more so .
According to Drefahl 's study , published May 12 in the journal Demography , women marrying a partner seven to nine years younger increase their mortality risk by 20 percent .
Hence , " health selection " can't be true for women ; healthy women apparently do n't go chasing after younger men .
While many studies on mate selection show that women mostly prefer men the same age , most of them end up with an older husband .
In the United States , on average a groom is 2.3 years older than his bride .
" It 's not that women could n't find younger partners ; the majority just do n't want to , " says Sven Drefahl .
It is also doubtful that older wives benefit psychologically and socially from a younger husband .
This effect only seems to work for men .
" On average , men have fewer and lesser quality social contacts than those of women , " says Drefahl .
Thus , unlike the benefits of a younger wife , a younger husband would n't help extend the life of his older wife by taking care of her , going for a walk with her and enjoying late life together .
She already has friends for that .
The older man , however , does n't .
This means that women do n't benefit by having a younger partner , but why does he shorten their lives ?
" One of the few possible explanations is that couples with younger husbands violate social norms and thus suffer from social sanctions , " says Drefahl .
Since marrying a younger husband deviates from what is regarded as normal , these couples could be regarded as outsiders and receive less social support .
This could result in a less joyful and more stressful life , reduced health , and finally , increased mortality .
While the new MPIDR study shows that marriage disadvantages most women when they are not the same age as their husband , it is not true that marriage in general is unfavourable .
Being married raises the life expectancy of both men and women above those that are unmarried .
Women are also generally better off than men ; worldwide their life expectancy exceeds that of men by a few years .
Dr. Matt Pitt over at Sherdog.com believes there is ample research to suggest steroids fundamentally alter the playing field by dramatically improving every facet of relevant athleticism in competition athletes .
To wit :
It showed two dramatic findings : first , steroids work .
Unquestionably and dramatically .
Aside from the astronomic international medal count of a tiny nation with little genetic diversity and a third world economy , the data shows quantifiable individual performance improvements .
With steroids , 100 - meter sprint times were cut almost three quarters of a second -- the difference between a world champion and a runner whose career ends in college .
Athletes on steroids put the shot an additional two to five meters ( World Record : 23.12 m ) , hurled the javelin eight to 15 meters farther ( WR:72.2 m ) and added as much as 20 meters to their discus throws ( WR:74.1 m ) .
Those data are unambiguous :
In " strength " sports , anabolic hormones are indispensable .
To the degree combat sports are strength dependent -- and the beating Matt Hughes subjected Royce Gracie to at UFC 60 makes that argument forcefully -- the advantages of using steroids are abundantly clear .
If that reality is clear to the doctors and scientists who study performance , it is all the more clear to the fighters whose lives , careers and livelihoods depend on gaining that performance advantage .
...
These are not isolated cases of over - amped muscle junkies taking bizarre steroid doses and compounding their danger with alcohol and drug abuse -- these are physician - controlled doses in carefully managed athletes .
The conceit among fighters that steroids can be used without consequences to speed the healing of an injury or add lean mass is just that : a fanciful notion unenlightened by the evidence of 40 years .
Even for someone not familiar with the GDR ’s anabolic hormone data , for someone coming up in smokers and no -name gyms , the benefits of steroids are clear .
Anyone can look at the weekend ’s baseball box scores , or the latest Hall of Famer 's heartfelt confessional , and see the evidence .
The case is n't nearly as open and shut as Dr. Pitt sugests .
While no one disputes there are long - term negative health consequences that come with abuse , Jay Hoffman , a professor of health and exercise science at The College of New Jersey in Ewing , in an interview with Scientific American a ) disagrees with Dr. Pitt 's assertion about what athletic benefit steroids offer and b ) also disputes that steroids cannot be taken safely by athletes .
First things first :
Why did n’t [ Alex ] Rodriguez ’s batting average improve during the years he took steroids ?
There ’s limited research indicating that he could actually enhance his batting average with steroids .
A batting average is more indicative of performance ability such as hand - eye coordination .
However , research with frogs has shown that anabolic steroids can enhance androgen receptors on nerve endings , so there ’s some potential for increased reactions .
Hitting in baseball is all about reaction time , whether it ’s a curveball or a fastball .
The key benefit with anabolic steroids is that they can help you be consistent over an entire baseball season .
That ’s the reason you ’re seeing those higher statistics for Rodriguez from 2001 to 2003 .
If you take a look at good power hitters in April and May ( early in the baseball season that runs from April to September , excluding the playoffs ) , their numbers are going to be pretty good .
But these guys are n’t able to maintain that in August and September .
Take the New York Mets :
If that team was on anabolic steroids the way they were in 2000 , they probably would have made the playoffs the past two years instead of running out of gas late in the season .
It makes a big difference when having that little extra .
Now a guy like A - Rod – he trains really hard .
With the steroids , he is maximizing his potential .
Would he be a great player without them ?
Without a doubt .
Would he be as consistent ?
The answer to that is probably no .
Then this :
How long do the side effects of steroids last ?
All of those side effects are reversible within four weeks of cessation , though women tend to stay masculinized after using steroids .
And every athlete who has considered juicing ( taking steroids ) knows that .
Athletes generally go on a steroid - taking cycle for six to eight weeks , and then they come off for about two months before going back on .
And when they ’re off , side effects revert back to normal .
The athletes who run into major health issues are body builders or wrestlers who get paid based on their external appearance .
They can develop what ’s known as muscle dysmorphia , which is basically reverse anorexia .
Like a person who considers himself or herself fat all the time , body builders and wrestlers look in the mirror and see themselves as being small .
Those are the athletes who never come off the cycle .
Are there other health risks from taking steroids ?
Steroids could be lethal to someone with an underlying mental or cardiovascular disease .
Anabolic steroids are like any other medication .
If you have hypertension and your doctor prescribes you a certain medication , such as an ACE inhibitor , there may be contraindications for using that particular medication if you have , say , kidney disease .
If an athlete is suffering from a mental illness like depression or bipolar disorder – which many steroid - taking high school athletes who commit suicide allegedly suffer from – anabolic steroids are the wrong performance - enhancing drug to use .
But when given in a clinical setting , steroids are relatively safe .
How are steroids used in a clinical setting ?
By themselves , steroids are a very effective clinical tool for treating muscle - wasting diseases such as cancer , AIDS , and chronic obstructive pulmonary disorders .
Sports scientists around the world study changes in athletes ’ testosterone and cortisol levels .
Cortisol is a catabolic steroid produced by the adrenal glands above the kidneys and it breaks down lean tissue in the absence of carbohydrates needed for energy .
It ’s also released in times of stress .
Through high - intensity training over the course of a baseball season , testosterone levels go down and cortisol levels go up .
The athlete becomes testosterone - depleted , or hypogonadal , and fatigue sets in .
That phenomenon is known as " overtraining syndrome . "
One way to treat this is to restore testosterone levels using an exogenous ( external ) source .
We do that with men over 50 who have a normal decline in testosterone , though not with the super - pharmacological doses that many athletes use .
There ’s a lot of talk amongst team physicians about whether it should be permissible to use exogenous testosterone to bring an athlete back up to normal levels .
But the issue is not being approached right now , because of the witch hunt that ’s going on .
There ’s such a kneejerk reaction in the sports media about steroids and these things get sensationalized .
There ’s such a lack of understanding about what steroids do .
I think we need to look at this more scientifically .
Hoffman eventually suggests ( in team sports anyway ) that steroid use should be lifted out of the hands of " gym rats " and into those of team physicians who are better able to monitor health effects over time and give proper medical advice .
Why bring this up ?
The notion that a mere handful of fighters in professional MMA use steroids is downright laughable .
Here 's a small anecdote that helps illustrate my point .
Aside from testing standards in athletic commissions being " a joke " , I had shoulder surgery last May .
The surgeon who repaired my torn labrum happened to be a massive MMA fan and one - time physician for the Washington Redskins .
This is a doctor with direct experience working with elite athletes .
I 'll leave the specific details about our conversations private , but suffice it say I asked him whether any notable fighters were , in his medical opinion , taking some form of steroids .
He admitted he could only work from conjecture , but the number and status of names he believed are using some form of steroids were shocking to even a world - weary misanthrope like me .
I bring this up to make one final point : either we 're going to properly test for steroids or we 're not .
And if we 're not ( by the way , we 're not ) , then lifting steroid use out of the shadows of underground pharmacists and into the light of medical supervision is the only acceptable course of action .
If steroids can be taken safely , why are we doing it dangerously ?
Gizmodo has received a letter from Apple 's senior vice president and general counsel Bruce Sewell formally requesting the return of " a device that belongs to Apple . "
Gizmodo's Jason Chen published the letter ( shown below ) with a response to Apple that insisted " we did n't know [ the prototype iPhone ] was stolen " at the time that Gizmodo chose to shell out a reported $ 5,000 to obtain it from the person who claimed to have found it .
It is beyond dubious that Gizmodo would have paid that much money for a device if it did not reasonably think that it was anything other than a real prototype that belonged to Apple .
Further , the fact that it was remotely wiped provided compelling evidence that it was in fact stolen .
However , in addition to the legal issues involved with buying stolen merchandise ( which are in effect regardless of whether the buyer knows the goods are stolen or not ) , Gizmodo also faces legal consequences under California 's Uniform Trade Secrets Act .
Section 3425.1 defines " misappropriation of trade secrets " as a civil code violation , with wording that makes it pretty clear that buying a stolen prototype , determining it is authentic and includes valuable information in the form of trade secrets , and then publishing the information to earn money and notoriety for doing so is something that will expose you to legal liability .
The code section defines these phrases :
( a ) â Improper meansâ includes theft , bribery , misrepresentation , breach or inducement of a breach of a duty to maintain secrecy , or espionage through electronic or other means .
Reverse engineering or independent derivation alone shall not be considered improper means .
( b ) â Misappropriationâ  means : (1 ) Acquisition of a secret of another by a person who knows or has reason to know that the secret was acquired by improper means ; or ( 2 ) Disclosure or use of a secret of another without express or implied consent by a person who : ( A ) Used improper means to acquire knowledge of the secret ; or ( B ) At the time of disclosure or use , knew or had reason to know that his or her knowledge of the secret was : ( i ) Derived from or through a person who had utilized improper means to acquire it ; ( ii ) Acquired under circumstances giving rise to a duty to maintain its secrecy or limit its use ; or ( iii ) Derived from or through a person who owed a duty to the person seeking relief to maintain its secrecy or limit its use ; or ( C ) Before a material change of his or her position , knew or had reason to know that it was a secret and that knowledge of it had been acquired by accident or mistake .
( c ) â Personâ means a natural person , corporation , business trust , estate , trust , partnership , limited liability company , association , joint venture , government , governmental subdivision or agency , or any other legal or commercial entity .
( d ) â Trade secretâ means information , including a formula , pattern , compilation , program , device , method , technique , or process , that : (1 ) Derives independent economic value , actual or potential , from not being generally known to the public or to other persons who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use ; and ( 2 ) Is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy .
The remedies outlined for " misappropriation of trade secrets " which " used improper means [ including theft ] to acquire knowledge of the secret " are described as follows :
Â§ 3426.3 ( a) A complainant may recover damages for the actual loss caused by misappropriation .
A complainant also may recover for the unjust enrichment caused by misappropriation that is not taken into account in computing damages for actual loss .
( b) If neither damages nor unjust enrichment caused by misappropriation are provable , the court may order payment of a reasonable royalty for no longer than the period of time the use could have been prohibited .
( c) If willful and malicious misappropriation exists , the court may award exemplary damages in an amount not exceeding twice any award made under subdivision ( a ) or ( b ) .
A following section indicates Apple has three years to file suit against Gizmodo and or Gawker Media .
The Kentucky Wildcats did n't win the NCAA tournament , but they are champions at the turnstiles this season thanks to Ashley Judd , Drake and the rest of the Big Blue Nation .
According to the NCAA , the school led the nation once again in attendance .
For 14 of the last 15 seasons and the fifth straight year , Kentucky led the nation in home attendance average at 24,111 fans per game .
Syracuse was second at 22,152 .
One of those two schools has led the nation in each of the past 34 seasons .
Kentucky ’s total home attendance of 433,989 was the best for a school since 1993 .
For all - game attendance – including home , road and neutral - site games – Kentucky was tops as 724,145 fans watched the Wildcats over 38 games .
Ten teams played in front more than a half million fans this season .
We 've just pushed out a maintenance release for the 2009.10 appliance batch featuring :
With the new Ubuntu 10.04 LTS release ( Lucid Lynx ) coming out in a couple of weeks this is the last TurnKey release batch based on the Ubuntu 8.04 series .
Note that Ubuntu 8.04 is a Long Term Support release which will continue to be supported by Canonical with security updates for another 3 years ( until April 2013 ) .
Unfortunately , unlike Canonical we do n't have the resources to support multiple versions of Ubuntu simultaneously .
So with this maintenance release we bid 8.04 a fond farewell .
We 're cleaning house and sweeping all the bugs and outstanding issues out of the way before we begin rebuilding the appliance library from the ground up on top of a brand new distribution .
Fixing all the bugs from the previous release before rebuilding on a new distribution is n't just neat and tidy , it 's good engineering !
Bugfixed and out of beta
We 've fixed all the major issues reported by the community and are proud to remove the beta label from nearly all the appliances in the library .
Many thanks to everyone who provided feedback and helped us track down bugs .
Most of the issues were minor , but a couple ( cough Zimbra cough ) were nasty !
Security updates
Pre-installed all security updates that have come out since our last release batch .
Existing installations have already been auto - updated , so you do n't need to do anything .
We now install security updates on first boot Previously appliances were configured to install security updates daily but we 've realized that is n't good enough !
We need to install security updates on first boot to prevent a window of vulnerability from opening between the time a fresh appliance is deployed and until the cron job that installs the security updates runs .
On the other hand , installing security updates can take a few minutes and is n't critical in all usage scenarios ( e.g. , a local development VM ) so when the appliance first boots the user is given a time - limited option to skip installation of the security updates .
Subscription to Amazon EC2 AMIs now easy and free
Unified subscription ( the easy part ) : we 've created a single unified subscription that includes global access to all TurnKey appliance AMIs in all regions .
Previously you had to subscribe to each appliance separately which was unnecessarily complicated .
Free ( as in beer ) : we 've decided to let users try out TurnKey on EC2 for free while we solicit more feedback from the community on pricing here .
In the future a reasonable mark - up on usage fees could be a great way to support development and allow users to each share a small part of the burden in keeping the project sustainable .
But the devil is in the details , so we want your feedback on that !
New and improved Amazon EC2 AMIs
The latest batch of Amazon EC2 images now features :
Support for the us - west - 1 region : meaning TurnKey images are now available in all EC2 regions under a new bucket naming scheme : turnkeylinux - us - east - 1 turnkeylinux - us - west - 1 turnkeylinux - eu- west -
1
: meaning TurnKey images are now available in all EC2 regions under a new bucket naming scheme : Support for automating EC2 instance setup : via a new user - data scripts mechanism ( blog post ) .
: via a new user - data scripts mechanism ( blog post ) .
EBS auto - mounting support : replaces the old buggy ebsmount init script in previous images ( blog post ) .
One more thing ...
In the next few weeks we 'll be launching a private beta of the TurnKey Hub , a web service we 're building to make it super simple for users to deploy and manage TurnKey appliances in the cloud .
If you 're interested in receiving an invitation , register here .
With economic optimism back over the U - 3 data , which was " surprisingly " not impacted by mid-winter snow ( but as Art Cashin says , a horrible number would have been seen as a buying catalyst due to the " non-recurring " nature of snow in February ) , many seem to have missed that real unemployment , or the BLS ' U - 6 series actually climbed by 0.3 % , to 16.8 % from 16.5 % in January .
Additionally , the Non-Seasonally Adjusted U - 6 number was barely changed , and was flat at 17.9 % , just a hair away from January 's record 18 % .
Also , just as relevantly , a comparable data series tracked by Gallup indicated the February " underemployment " came in at 19.8 % , virtually unchanged from January 's 19.9 % reading .
Some more from Gallup :
These results are based on February interviews with more than 19,000 adults in the U.S. workforce , aged 18 and older .
Gallup classifies respondents as " employed " if they are employed full time or are employed part time but do not want to work full time .
Gallup classifies respondents as " underemployed " if they are employed part time but want to work full time or are unemployed .
Unemployed respondents are not employed , looking for work , and available for work .
February 's 19.8 % underemployed estimate includes 10.6 % who are unemployed and 9.2 % who are working part time but wanting full - time employment ( neither estimate is seasonally adjusted , and both are based on adults 18 and older ) .
Both figures are similar to January 's estimates .
Finally , some insight into that great commodity we can't seem to get enough of - hope .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Intensive mental training has a measurable effect on visual perception , according to a new study from the Center for Mind and Brain at the University of California , Davis .
People undergoing intensive training in meditation became better at making fine visual distinctions and sustaining attention during a 30 - minute test .
A paper describing the results will be published in an upcoming issue of the journal Psychological Science and was posted on the journal website May 11 .
It is the first paper to be published from a major scientific study of meditation training , the Shamatha Project .
" These results show for the first time that improved perception , often claimed to be a benefit of meditation practice , underlies improvements in sustained attention , " said project leader Clifford Saron , associate research scientist at the UC Davis Center for Mind and Brain .
Saron has been interested in meditation since the 1970s .
In the 1990s , under the auspices of the Dalai Lama 's private office and of the Boulder , Colo . - based Mind and Life Institute , he organized a field study of adept practitioners .
During that project he was inspired by meeting exiled Tibetan monks and yogis in the Indian foothills of the Himalayas , who had achieved remarkable emotional calm , focus and joyfulness in their lives , sometimes despite great hardship and suffering .
Saron and his colleagues wanted to know :
Can these states be achieved only by individuals with an unusually serene disposition ?
Or can they be achieved by most people through intensive training ?
The Shamatha Project is an attempt to answer those questions .
It is the first long - term , detailed , control - group study of the measurable effects of meditative training on physiology , mental functioning and emotional state , Saron said .
In the project , 30 participants attended a three - month meditation retreat at the Shambhala Mountain Center in Red Feather Lakes , Colo .
They received ongoing instruction in meditation techniques from Buddhist scholar B. Alan Wallace of the Santa Barbara Institute for Consciousness Studies , while attending group sessions twice a day and engaging in individual practice for about six hours a day .
Wallace had worked with Saron on the field study in India and brought the idea for the Shamatha project to Saron and his UC Davis colleagues in 2003 .
At the beginning , end , and in the middle of the course , participants were tested on attention and cognition , psychological and emotional measures , and physical and physiological changes .
A control group of 30 people matched for age , sex , education , ethnicity and meditation experience was assessed at the same time and in the same place , but did not otherwise attend meditation training at that time .
The control group did undergo identical training later .
The visual attention experiments were led by UC Davis graduate student Katherine MacLean .
Based on tests long used to assess vigilance in radar operators and other professions requiring long durations of uninterrupted attention , participants had to watch lines appearing on a screen and click a mouse when they saw lines that were shorter than others .
By midway through the retreat , meditators had become better at making fine visual distinctions .
They were able to identify a smaller difference between " long " and " short " lines , and were better able to sustain attention during the half - hour test .
Those findings are consistent with Buddhist claims that meditation cultivates " attentional vividness . "
People who continued practicing meditation after the retreat still showed improvements in perception when they were retested about five months later .
Meditation training may free up mental resources so that attentional focus can be sustained more easily for extended periods of time , Saron said .
Meditators may also be more aware of normally subtle changes in experience that others miss , and have better emotional regulation .
The Shamatha Project shows that women and men of diverse age , ethnicity , education , and meditation experience can achieve measurable changes in their mental state and capabilities if they can commit to intensive training , Saron said .
While few individuals have three months to commit to such training , other studies have shown improvements in aspects of health and well - being with a less demanding regime .
The minimum level of training required to produce the perceptual improvements seen in the Shamatha study remains to be determined , Saron said .
While the Shamatha Project is the largest and most comprehensive attempt yet to study changes brought about by mental training , its results cannot capture the full , first - person subjective experience of meditation , Saron said .
" We 're not trying to bottle someone 's experience , " he said .
The project may , however , give insights into the nature of the mind and the relation between psychological and physiological traits using data from both first - and third - person perspectives .
Explore further Study suggests Buddhist deity meditation temporarily augments visuospatial abilities
We cover stuff we 're not supposed to be covering at all .
MUSLIM WOMEN
Put enough of them together and they religion Posted by admin
Rating :
1
2
3
4
5 ( 9 votes ) Views : 84130
Rating :
1
2
3
4
5 ( 9 votes ) Views : 84130
MUSLIM WOMEN
Put enough of them together and they form egg crate .
Tags : religion , motivators , women
A lot of you have been asking about this Duct vs .
Duck thing we ’ve got going ... here is an explanation from Jim and Tim , the Duct / k Tape Guys :
Dear Duct Tape Users :
Is it Duct or Duck ?
We dont want you to be confused , so we will explain .
The first name for Duct Tape was DUCK .
During World War II the U.S. Military needed a waterproof tape to keep the moisture out of ammunition cases .
So , they enlisted the Johnson and Johnson Permacel Division to manufacture the tape .
Because it was waterproof , everyone referred to it as duck tape ( like water off a ducks back ) .
Military personnel discovered that the tape was good for lots more than keeping out water .
They used it for Jeep repair , fixing stuff on their guns , strapping equipment to their clothing ... the list is endless .
After the War , the housing industry was booming and someone discovered that the tape was great for joining the heating and air conditioning duct work .
So , the color was changed from army green to the silvery color we are familiar with today and people started to refer to it as duct tape *.
Therefore , either name is appropriate .
Today , Duck® brand Tape is manufactured by ShurTech .
After thoroughly familiarizing ourselves with the hundreds of duct tapes on the market , we have found Duck® brand Tape to be the most consistent in quality .
And , we are delighted with the large array of colors that they manufacture ( including camo tape and new “ X - Treme Tape ” which comes in hot day - glo colors ) .
Jim and I do lots of appearances promoting Duck® brand Tape and do so without reservation .
Therefore , we go by both The Duct Tape Guys , and The Duck Tape Guys .
And , we use the words Duck and Duct interchangeably throughout our web site .
So , whether you call it Duct Tape or Duck Tape ... you are still using the  Ultimate Power Tool in our estimation .
--- Jim and Tim , the Duck / Duct Tape Guys
Click here to learn about just how much duct tape Duck® brand company sells !
It s absolutely AMAZING !
Note :
To be legally called  Duct Tape  the tape must meet or exceed certain heat requirements .
Some Duck® brand
Tapes do meet this classification and will tell you so on their label .
What 's Been Said
You guys were sooo much fun last night !!
Like I always say , MDR is more than just a band , you guys are a SHOW !!!
We have seen you many times and you never disappoint !! ​
My husband and I enjoyed your performance , so much fun !!!
Never seen a band interact with the crowd like that .
Thanks for a great time !!! ​
What a fun show !
You were all very entertaining ! ​
You guys did a great job !!!!
Great musicians !
Very entertaining and the crowd enjoyed it !
Thank you for a great evening and way to start the weekend !!!! ​
I was visiting my friends who live in Crystal Lake on Saturday and saw your show !
Loved it !
You guys rock ! ​
Caught you guys in Carpentersville at Burgerfest .
Most .
Eclectic .
Set. Ever .
So much fun .
Hope to see you again soon ! ​
You guys were just so fun and interactive with the crowd .
Getting the kids involved also it was just the best ! ​
So 3 years ago I took my mom to see you guys in Gurnee .
Let 's just say she was very picky at who she saw for music .
When we left Gurnee she said you guys were great .
She was 75 years old .
That was the first I ever heard her say something positive about a band !
See you tonight at Bannermans !
Thanks for an incredible show tonight .
We 're truly fans of you , not only because of your great talent , but also because of your great hearts .
Thanks for being so kind to our kids ... you made their days !
​
Great show yesterday !
We really enjoyed the diversity in music and crowd participation ! ​
Jim Burroway
After laying low for a while amid news reports that Ugandan leaders may quietly drop the draconian Anti-Homosexuality BIll , it appears that Holocaust revisionist Scott Lively has decided become a pitchman for the bill ’s passage , albeit in a slightly altered form .
Grove City College professor Warren Throckmorton discovered via an email sent to supporters that Scott Lively has decided to “ get off defense and counter - attack the false witnesses with hard facts about Uganda . ”
Toward that aim , Lively yesterday posted a letter on his web site dated March , 2010 , addressed to Edward Ssekandi , the speaker of Uganda ’s Parliament .
In that letter , Lively urges the prompt passage of the Anti-Homosexuality Bill with some minor modifications .
Lively suggests that the death penalty be dropped from the Anti-Homosexuality Bill , but as Dr. Throckmorton notes , Lively ’s position “ sound (s ) pragmatic rather than principled . ”
Lively writes :
First and foremost , the inclusion of capital punishment for what you have classed as “ aggravated homosexuality ” is , in my view , a disproportionately harsh penalty .
You may not be aware that capital punishment has been banned in numerous countries , even for the most extreme cases of aggravated murder .
This is held as such an important policy that these nations will often refuse to extradite criminals to their home countries ( including the United States ) if there is any possibility that they will be subject to capital punishment there .
Advocating the “ death penalty ” for “ mere ” sexual crimes evokes such a severe negative reaction in most Western nations that all other aspects of the law , and the rationale for drafting it is ignored , and very “ gay ” movement we seek to oppose is strengthened by public sympathy they would not otherwise enjoy .
Conversely , if the “ death penalty ” provision were removed , it would take the wind out of the sails of their current campaign against the bill .
With so much of the international opposition rooted in the idea that this is a “ Kill the Gays ” law , the removal of this provision would represent enough of a concession on your part that a great many of the people who are now siding with the homosexual movement out of sympathy would consider the matter resolved .
The “ gay ” activists and their political allies will , of course , continue to attack the bill , but from a much weaker position .
Lively also argues that the provision requiring individuals to report gay people to police should be dropped as well .
“ it is too vague , ” he writes , “ and because it targets people who may live as homosexuals in their private lives , but who do not seek to recruit others or legitimize their lifestyle in the larger society . ”
He argues instead that they should enact a “ provision along the lines of child abuse reporting requirements in the U.S. ” , but with the cut - off age for reporting being extended to the age of twenty - five , which is well into adulthood :
I believe you could easily adapt this model to your purposes by imposing this same reporting requirement on anyone with knowledge of homosexuals who involve themselves with anyone under a certain age .
If , for example , you encompassed all youths under the age of twenty - five within this shield of protection , you would stop virtually all “ gay ” recruitment in your country , since normal young men and women are usually firmly set in their heterosexual identity by their mid-twenties .
Lively also argues that the bill should encourage “ rehabilitation , ” which , given the already draconian lifetime imprisonment penalties under current Ugandan law for homosexuality , would amount to coercing LGBT people into unproven and harmful conversion therapies .
Individual leaders at Exodus International , North America ’s largest ex-gay organization whose board member , Don Schmierer , spoke the March 5 - 7 , 2010 conference in Kampala alongside Scott Lively prior to the introduction of the Anti-Homosexuality Bill , have come out against forced therapy schemes , although to date we are still unable to find an official Exodus International position statement on its web site .
Officials with The National Association for the Research and Therapy of Homosexuality ( NARTH ) , the so - called “ secular ” arm of the ex-gay movement , have also come out against coerced therapy schemes , although at this time I also cannot find a position to that effect on NARTH ’s web site either .
Because Lively refers to both organizations as “ experts ” in ex-gay matters , I believe , once again , that it is essential for Exodus and NARTH to place such statements on their web sites , since this is most certainly not the first time this issue has arisen .
Lively ’s letter to Speaker Ssekandi does not appear to have reached the speaker directly , and the only reply that Lively posts on his web site comes from MP Charles Tuhaise , who received a copy of Lively ’s letter via Ugandan pentecostal pastor Martin Ssempa .
Tuhaise says that dropping the death penalty may be considered , but rejects Lively ’s other suggestions , labelling them as part of the same failed strategy which allowed pornography to “ [ break ] barriers in Western society and became insidious . ”
Tuhaise continues , “ It ’s like the proverbial ‘ Camel and herdsman story ’ .
Today it is a foot in the hut , tomorrow it is a leg in the hut , next day its the head in the hut ; before long , the herdsman is tossed out of the hut . ”
Tuhaise says , “ Ultimately , I see no way out in taking a stand and paying the price , ” and comments Luively for having “ stood up to homosexual intimidation for so long as a lone voice . ”
BUREAUCRATS are always an easy target .
But sometimes , they really are their own worst enemies .
Take the " Sustainability Declaration " for instance .
This is the form that all homeowners are now supposed to fill out when they sell their property .
The State Government introduced this new piece of red tape at the beginning of the year with the confident declaration that it would " inform buyers about the sustainability features of a property and increase community awareness of the value of such feature " .
That sounds reasonable enough , especially in these greenhouse gas - conscious days .
But , as is often the case when a good idea gets processed through a bureaucracy , the actual delivery of this sensible thought has been completely woeful .
The first public airing of the proposal was back in mid-2008 when the Government released a discussion paper called " Improving Sustainable Housing in Queensland " .
Sustainability declarations , it suggested , " would assist Queenslanders to make their homes more sustainable " but was n't specific on how the filling out of a form would actually make this happen .
But it did note that " research shows that the majority of people believe that homes with more sustainability features are worth more " .
So far so good , but right about here , the bureaucrats get into gear , first by offering the view that this good idea should be compulsory .
" It is envisaged that failure to have a sustainability declaration in place at time of sale or lease will be subject to infringement notice . "
So now a good idea is being made an enforceable law .
And then there was the proposed form itself , 36 questions ranging from whether your eastern and western windows were shaded from the summer sun ( by verandas or at least 600 mm eaves or window awnings ) to whether or not there was " safe egress in an emergency " .
Presumably , would - be buyers could have asked about such things if they were interested .
Now they would have to be told , under pain of a fine .
The discussion paper went out for three months of public consultation and by late 2008 , the Government had its feedback – 284 individuals and organisations replied , including " detailed written submissions from 51 industry and key stakeholders groups , such as building , planning designed manufacturing and conservation groups " .
And what did they think ?
" Almost all the proposed measures received a high level of community support of 59 - 95 per cent , except a voluntary sustainability document . "
Right , so now the Government has floated the concept of a sustainability document and no one seems to much like it , so what does it do ?
It presses on with the idea and turns the declaration form into a 56 - point questionnaire , which it voted into law in November last year .
At the same time however , it would seem the Government was starting to realise that not everyone would be enamoured of this new piece of compulsory paperwork .
Their arguments in its favour began getting weaker , to say the least .
Here 's Infrastructure Minister Stirling Hinchcliffe 's manful effort at positive spin : " Just as many people look at fuel economy and ongoing running costs when buying a car , sustainability features should be an important consideration for prospective homeowners " .
Good point , except people do n't usually sleep in their cars and no one ever bought a car because of " location , location , location " .
The bureaucrats produced a sustainability declaration fact sheet that was a model of weasel - worded diffidence .
" The declaration also promotes possible ongoing financial and environmental benefits that could be achieved with specific features .
It is anticipated that the declaration will help promote the sustainability of a home and become a key marketing tool for real estate agents and private sellers . "
All of which sounds like some committee 's wish - fulfilment rather than a rigorously thought - through reason for imposing new paperwork on property sellers ,
No one seemed terribly convinced it was all for our own good .
By December last year Hinchliffe had announced a three - month moratorium before on - the - spot fines for failing to fill in the forms came into effect .
And by February complaints about the new paperwork had reached such a level the Government was forced to review their form and cut out 22 questions in an effort at simplification .
Among them was the one to estimate the number of kilowatt hours the house was generating through windpower .
And now , just to complicate things , the Federal Government says it wants to introduce its own version of a sustainability declaration , something called an " environmental performance disclosure " .
In words that should chill us all , it advises that " the policy measure is currently being developed " .
" Extensive consultation will be undertaken during mid-2010 , which will look at what information will be required from homes , how homes should be assessed and rated and how the measure should be regulated . "
The Government is planning to phase in its new measures by May next year .
That should be something to look forward to .
Robert MacDonald is The Courier - Mail 's Viewpoint editor .
Originally published as Red tape on home energy use
Washington ( CNN ) --
Full - body imaging machines that see through clothes have significantly improved security in airports where they are deployed , and have revealed more than 60 " artfully concealed " illegal or prohibited items in the past year , the Transportation Security Administration says .
To date , no explosives have been detected by the machines , but their ability to spot even small concealed objects demonstrates their effectiveness as a security tool , officials said .
" It is absolutely a tremendous improvement of what we can detect at the checkpoints , " TSA Acting Administrator Gale Rossides said this week .
" It is an excellent piece of technology that will significantly improve our detection capabilities . "
As evidence of the machines ' capabilities , the security agency released five photos of drugs or suspected drugs that airport screeners found after scans revealed anomalies on the ghost - like images of people 's bodies .
The agency said metal detectors would not have revealed the items .
Screeners using the technology also found a knife hidden in the small of a person 's back at the Richmond , Virginia , airport , a concealed razor blade on a passenger in Phoenix , Arizona , and other concealed items such as large bottles of lotion , which are prohibited as carry - on items .
In addition , the machines have revealed numerous prohibited items that passengers evidently inadvertently left in pockets .
Those items are confiscated but are not counted in the tally , a TSA spokesman said .
U.S. to implement new airport security measures
The agency field - tested the full - body imagers for more than a year before announcing last month the deployment of machines to 11 airports nationwide .
Today , 46 machines are in place in 23 airports , and the agency is stepping up deployments and plans to have about 1,000 set up by the end of 2011 .
Interest in the machines has heightened since the Christmas Day incident in which a man allegedly attempted to detonate an explosive concealed in his underwear .
In an appearance before Congress last month , Rossides declined to say whether the machines could have detected the underwear bomb .
But to illustrate the machines ' effectiveness , Rossides showed a packet of white powder smaller than a tea bag , saying it was identical to a concealed bag detected by an imager .
" The amazing thing is that our officers , as they get more and more familiar with this technology , are actually finding very , very small things that are being secreted on the body , " she said .
But some passengers say the machine 's capabilities are presenting new Fourth Amendment questions about the government 's searches , saying the machines -- in detecting very small objects -- are subjecting passengers to scrutiny beyond what is needed to safeguard the plane .
" I can't imaging an explosive that is powerful enough in that [ tea - bag size ] quantity to endanger an aircraft , " said John Perry Barlow , a former Grateful Dead lyricist who once took the TSA to court after a search of his checked luggage revealed a small amount of drugs .
" Every time technology makes another leap forward , we have to reclaim the Fourth Amendment , and often we have to reclaim the entire Bill of Rights , because technology gives us powers that were not envisioned by the Founding Fathers , " Barlow said .
The security agency said that it searches only for prohibited items -- not illegal items such as drugs .
When it finds illegal items during a search , it refers the item to local law enforcement officers , it says .
" What we 're trying to resolve is the anomaly that we 're seeing on the body , " said Rossides .
" If it 's drugs , then we call in local law enforcement and they handle it from there . "
Barlow predicted that the body scanner will lead to another court case to clarify the extent it can be used to search the body .
" Eventually they 're going to bust somebody for something that was clearly and obviously not a threat to the aircraft , and any reasonable person would have known that [ while looking at the ] body scan .
And at that point somebody is going to make it an issue , " he said .
Rossides said the body imagers are especially useful because they can expose contraband on parts of the body that are n't fully explored in pat - downs , such as the groin .
" I think what was so telling about the Christmas Day attack was that it exploited our cultural norms , that we do n't frequently pat down persons in that part of the body .
This technology will give us the image of the entire body , " she said .
But Rossides said the imagers are not a " silver bullet " because " those who intend to do harm are constantly adapting . "
" We still have to have multiple layers of security , " she said .
For all his reservations about scanners , Barlow said he does not hesitate going through one .
" I 've got nothing to hide , " he said .
" I go through the scanner .
If anybody wants to see me naked , they 're welcome to the sight . "
April 11 , 2010  --
Enjoyed that smooth landing ?
Well , your pilot may have had a little help .
This week , Southwest Airlines , which flies more passengers worldwide than any other carrier , began satellite - assisted runway approaches , part of an ongoing effort to upgrade the nation 's skyways in a project known as NextGen .
The switchover from ground - to satellite - based landings is costing Southwest $ 175 million , but it expects to recoup its investment , plus make money , by spending less on fuel .
Using Global Positioning System satellites for navigation , rather than ground - based radio signals , pilots will be making more precise approaches to runways and spending less time waiting for clearances at the nation 's increasingly congested airports .
The Federal Aviation Administration , NASA , Homeland Security and other agencies have been working for several years to upgrade the national airspace , rolling out programs and technologies in phases over the past few years .
Pilot projects in Alaska , Louisville , Ky. , Philadelphia and over the Gulf of Mexico have enabled air traffic controllers to keep tabs on planes via GPS satellites , rather than radars , which degrade over distance , cannot penetrate mountains and are n't available over open ocean .
New Technology Helps Airline Make More Direct Approach to Landing Strip
Southwest 's implementation of what is called Required Navigation Performance , or RNP routes , allows specially equipped aircraft to make a more direct approach to a landing strip rather than the " staircase - style " descent in practice today , Paul Takemoto , a spokesman for the FAA , told Discovery News .
" If you 're using ground - based navigation aids , your descent will look like a staircase .
You have to request clearance each time you step down to a lower altitude and each time you have to throttle back your engines .
That wastes fuel , " Takemoto said .
The satellite - assisted landings will let pilots descend in a much straighter line , without having to throttle back , saving fuel , cutting noise and reducing environmental impacts .
Takemoto said the FAA is " working feverishly " to lay out new approach and landing routes for RNP - equipped aircraft .
Delta , United , Alaska Airlines Also Phasing in Similar Systems
Delta , United and Alaska airlines also have been phasing in various aspects of the NextGen system , which should be fully in place by 2020 .
NextGen work has been under way since the late 1990s , following a significant increase in passenger air travel after the industry 's deregulation in the 1970s , said Steve Howell , head of public policy with the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics , a Virginia - based trade organization .
" The biggest contribution that Southwest 's program makes is that it provides a testbed , " Howell said .
" It gives you some significant feedback on how it 's being implemented and where your successes and your challenges are . "
" We think it 's the future , " Southwest spokeswoman Marilee McInnis told Discovery News .
" We think RNP will be the cornerstone of NextGen and we want to take advantage of all the benefits that it can provide . "
The system will not replace traditional radar - based navigation , which will be available in case of satellite outages or other issues , nor will it replace piloted landings .
" Our pilots will still be landing the planes .
The only thing that 's changing is the way ( s ) he 's receiving the information , " McInnis added .
Delicately but deliberately , NASA is closing down the Constellation program that was to replace the space shuttle and return astronauts to the moon .
President Obama wants to cancel NASA ’s moon plans and shut down the program in October .
But Congress has not agreed and says Constellation cannot be legally scrapped without its OK .
That leaves NASA caught in a tug of war .
So engineers are building pieces of Constellation while at the same time NASA is turning off parts of the program that it never officially started with contracts .
The agency has pulled the plug on bidding to run ground operations for the program at Kennedy Space Center and decided not to award contracts for alternative designs of the Altair lander , which astronauts were to ride to the moon ’s surface .
It advised contractors that “ there will be no further evaluation of their proposals nor will there be an award ” to develop the first phase of the Ares V cargo lifter .
The Ares V , a giant rocket bigger than the Apollo era ’s Saturn V , was going to launch Altair and all the extra fuel and gear astronauts would need to go back to the moon for long stays .
“ In light of recent events and the uncertainty of future Ares V requirements for fiscal year 2011 and beyond , it is in NASA ’s best interest to cancel the current solicitation , ” Byron W. Butler , a NASA procurement officer , wrote to interested contractors March 11 .
The recent events Butler referred to include Obama ’s proposal to have the space agency rely on private rocket companies to ferry astronauts and cargo to the International Space Station on fixed - price contracts .
Money now planned for Constellation would be spent on research and development of new technologies to one day take humans to the moon , nearby asteroids or Mars .
But as NASA slows down in some areas of Constellation , it is pressing ahead in others .
It is conducting studies for more test flights at Kennedy Space Center of the behind - schedule and over - budget Ares I rocket that was supposed to take astronauts into orbit , where they would rendezvous with the cargo of the Ares V .
NASA also recently decided to give $ 34.5 million in stimulus funds to build part of the Ares I rocket .
In an internal memo obtained by the Orlando Sentinel , NASA officials said the agency could justify the award for the Ares I Upper Stage Production Contract because “ a portion of the work has relevance to future exploration needs . ”
Congress is not pleased .
Nearly 30 members wrote a letter to NASA Administrator Charles F. Bolden Jr. in February complaining about rumors of shutdown activities and pointing out that the Ares I rocket contracts required buying parts in advance and that any attempt to disrupt those purchases “ can be viewed , with strong legitimacy , as a termination of the program . ”
More recently , 16 members of Congress called on federal auditors at the Government Accountability Office to rule on whether NASA is on the right side of the law .
“ To what extent can planned contracts be canceled , suspended , or slowed and the agency still be considered to have not terminated the program ? ” the lawmakers asked in a March 12 letter .
They asked the GAO for a quick decision -- in 60 days -- because they are worried that NASA ’s efforts might terminate the program before Congress can save it .
“ NASA is ignoring the will of Congress by taking steps to terminate the Constellation program .
This effort sends the clear message that there are no loopholes , exclusions , or other routes the agency can use to kill the program , ” Sen. George LeMieux ( R - Fla . ) said in a statement .
NASA said it was abiding by the law .
“ NASA is fully complying with the provisions of the FY 2010 Consolidated Appropriations Act , ” spokesman Mike Cabbage said in a statement .
“ However , ” he added , quoting a recent letter to Congress from Bolden , “ in general , the program will ‘ refrain from initiating new work not currently under contract and also from expanding the scope of any work that currently is under contract . ’ ”
rblock@orlandosentinel.com
mmatthews@orlandosentinel.com
NEW YORK — Without fanfare , the United Nations this week elected Iran to its Commission on the Status of Women , handing a four - year seat on the influential human rights body to a theocratic state in which stoning is enshrined in law and lashings are required for women judged " immodest . "
Just days after Iran abandoned a high - profile bid for a seat on the U.N. Human Rights Council , it began a covert campaign to claim a seat on the Commission on the Status of Women , which is " dedicated exclusively to gender equality and advancement of women , " according to its website .
Buried 2,000 words deep in a U.N. press release distributed Wednesday on the filling of " vacancies in subsidiary bodies , " was the stark announcement : Iran , along with representatives from 10 other nations , was " elected by acclamation , " meaning that no open vote was requested or required by any member states — including the United States .
FOXNews.com learned of the press release only after being alerted to it by Anne Bayefsky director of the Touro Institute on Human Rights and the Holocaust .
The U.S. currently holds one of the 45 seats on the body , a position set to expire in 2012 .
The U.S. Mission to the U.N. did not return requests for comment on whether it actively opposed elevating Iran to the women 's commission .
Iran 's election comes just a week after one of its senior clerics declared that women who wear revealing clothing are to blame for earthquakes , a statement that created an international uproar — but little affected their bid to become an international arbiter of women 's rights .
" Many women who do not dress modestly ... lead young men astray , corrupt their chastity and spread adultery in society , which ( consequently ) increases earthquakes , " said the respected cleric , Hojatoleslam Kazem Sedighi .
As word of Iran 's intention to join the women 's commission came out , a group of Iranian activists circulated a petition to the U.N. asking that member states oppose its election .
" Iran 's discriminatory laws demonstrate that the Islamic Republic does not believe in gender equality , " reads the letter , signed by 214 activists and endorsed by over a dozen human rights bodies .
The letter draws a dark picture of the status of women in Iran : " women lack the ability to choose their husbands , have no independent right to education after marriage , no right to divorce , no right to child custody , have no protection from violent treatment in public spaces , are restricted by quotas for women 's admission at universities , and are arrested , beaten , and imprisoned for peacefully seeking change of such laws . "
The Commission on the Status of Women is supposed to conduct review of nations that violate women 's rights , issue reports detailing their failings , and monitor their success in improving women 's equality .
Yet critics of Iran 's human rights record say the country has taken " every conceivable step " to deter women 's equality .
" In the past year , it has arrested and jailed mothers of peaceful civil rights protesters , " wrote three prominent democracy and human rights activists in an op - ed published online Tuesday by Foreign Policy Magazine .
" It has charged women who were seeking equality in the social sphere — as wives , daughters and mothers — with threatening national security , subjecting many to hours of harrowing interrogation .
Its prison guards have beaten , tortured , sexually assaulted and raped female and male civil rights protesters . "
Click here for more on Iran 's human rights record .
Iran 's elevation to the commission comes as a black eye just days after the U.S. helped lead a successful effort to keep Iran off the Human Rights Council , which is already dominated by nations that are judged by human rights advocates as chronic violators of essential freedoms .
The current membership of the women 's commission is little different .
Though it touts itself as " the principal global policy - making body " on women 's rights , the makeup of the commission is mostly determined by geography and its membership is a hodge - podge of some human rights advocates ( including the U.S. , Japan , and Germany ) and other nations with stark histories of rights violations .
The number of seats on the commission is based on the number of countries in a region , no matter how small their populations or how scant their respect for rights .
The commission is currently made up of 13 members from Africa , 11 from Asia , nine from Latin America and the Caribbean , eight from Western Europe and North America , and four from Eastern Europe .
During this round of " elections , " which were not competitive and in which no real votes were cast , two seats opened up for the Asian bloc for the 2011 - 2015 period .
Only two nations put forward candidates to fill empty spots — Iran and Thailand .
As at most such commissions in the U.N. , backroom deals determined who would gain new seats at the women 's rights body .
The activists ' letter sent to the U.N. Tuesday argued that it would be better if the Asian countries proffered only one candidate , instead of elevating Iran to the commission .
" We , a group of gender - equality activists , believe that for the sake of women 's rights globally , an empty seat for the Asia group on ( the commission ) is much preferable to Iran 's membership .
We are writing to alert you to the highly negative ramifications of Iran ’s membership in this international body . "
A spokeswoman for the U.N. 's Department of Economic and Social Affairs , which oversees the commission , did not return phone calls or e-mails seeking comment .
When its term begins in 2011 , Iran will be joined by 10 other countries : Belgium , the Democratic Republic of the Congo , Estonia , Georgia , Jamaica , Iran , Liberia , the Netherlands , Spain , Thailand and Zimbabwe .
Get The Guidance You Need If You ’ve Suffered From Legal Malpractice
The mystery of the religious decorations that lie underneath the high street of a medieval market town may never be solved if insect infestation cannot be halted
Mysterious carvings inside a hidden cavern linked to the Knights Templar are in danger of disappearing before their riddle is solved .
Having survived more than 700 years , the religious decorations in the ancient cave at Royston , Hertfordshire , are under attack from an infestation of worms eating the chalk walls behind them .
The beehive - shaped chamber was hewn out of a 180 ft - thick seam of chalk and extends 30ft beneath the centre of the market town , underneath a betting shop .
It was uncovered by chance during building work in 1742 and the depictions of biblical scenes and portraits of Christian martyrs inside it have puzzled historians ever since .
" Some scholars believe many of the carvings depict characters revered by the Knights Templar – warrior monks who protected pilgrims on their journeys to the Holy Land in the 12th and 13th centuries , " James Robinson , the custodian of the cave , told Cornerstone magazine this month .
The shape of the cave is believed to be modelled on the Church of the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem and its strange carvings include depictions of Christian martyrs worshipped by the templars , such as St Katherine .
The knights had a special reverence for this saint as it was on 25 November , St Katherine 's Day , that they won a victory over the Saracen leader , Saladin , in 1177 .
Other engravings on the walls of the cavern show St Christopher and St George .
Other images in the cave , such as the Sheela Na Gig fertility symbol , suggest that its origins may stretch further back to the days when Royston was a staging point on the the Icknield Way – a track that was ancient when the Romans arrived in Britain .
The site is regarded as one of Britain 's least - known medieval treasures , remaining obscure because it is one of the few British locations with a templar connection that does not appear in Dan Brown 's thriller The Da Vinci Code .
" It is hugely important that we find ways of halting the threat to this extraordinary ancient structure , " said Philip Venning , secretary of the Society for Protection of Ancient Buildings .
" Having survived for so long , it would be tragic if these fragile carvings were lost to future generations . "
The porous nature of the chalk walls makes them prone to damp and flooding , while old sewage leaks have leeched into the walls and softened the chalk .
This provides nourishment for the worms which feed on decayed matter and then excrete the chalk .
Over the past five years some of the detail has been destroyed , leaving a honeycomb appearance on parts of the wall .
" People are astounded that such a fascinating and mysterious site can exist in such an ordinary setting as the high street of a small town , " says Robinson .
" Beneath the modern facade of Ladbrokes betting shop and the main road lies a unique document of this country 's history . "
The only other example of a similar cave is at Sloup , in the Czech Republic .
Tobacco companies are well aware of the addictive and dangerous nature of their products .
I know , I used to work at one and we 'd send free ciggies out to influential decision makers , writes David Donovan .
The government turning the screws on the cigarette companies with increased taxes and plain packaging takes me back to the three years in the mid-1990s in which I worked for a cigarette company in Brisbane .
I began in early 1994 as a graduate .
Ordinarily , perhaps I may have been reluctant to work for a tobacco company , but Australia was then suffering from the effects of Keating ’s recession we had to have , and so I was happy just to find work .
And also , I was already a part - time smoker anyway , so I did n’t really have any philosophical objections .
At least , I did n’t to begin with .
On day one , walking in to the company ’s office / warehouse complex , the first thing I noticed inside was the atmosphere .
This was in the days before smoking became banned in the workplace , restaurants , bars and just about every other public place you care to mention .
Back then , it was open slather and this cigarette company was n’t for wasting the opportunity .
On seemingly every flat surface was an ashtray , and above each of these ashtrays was a little hexagonal yellow sign that said : PLEASE FEEL FREE TO SMOKE .
The staff seemed to have taken this entreaty to heart , too , because almost all of them had a cigarette in the mouths or smouldering in one of the ashtrays dotted around their workstations .
To say that a rank miasma pervaded the place would be an egregious understatement .
On my first pay day , I was stunned when I was asked what sort of cigarettes I would like .
You see , not only did the tobacco company encourage its staff to smoke , but it also gave them an allocation of “ free ” cigarettes every month to assist them in their corporate duty .
Every month , I would receive 500 cigarettes — increased to 600 when I was promoted to marketing analyst — for my own personal use ( about three cartons ) .
Unfortunately , staff were not allowed to sell these cigarettes and , indeed , anyone caught trying to sell them was liable to be summarily dismissed .
You had to either smoke them yourself or give them away .
Five hundred cigarettes is a lot to give away .
I would find my friends pleading with me not to give them cigarettes as they , like me , were trying to give up .
Some of them began calling me the “ cancer-man ” .
Thanks for signing up
We look forward to seeing you bright and early with your need - to - know talking points and tidbits for the day ahead .
Get Crikey FREE to your inbox every weekday morning with the Crikey Worm .
Please enter your email address Sign up
The cigarette company ’s generosity did n’t end with its staff .
They also had a “ gratis ” list , or list of people to whom they would merrily deliver free cigarettes each month .
The people on this list comprised the “ A ” list of Queensland decision makers and influence peddlers , everyone from politicians , mayors , judges , QCs , leading public servants , actors and other significant or influential people across the state .
At the time , as a lowly accounts assistant , I thought the company did this because they were just being nice .
Who knows , maybe this is how the recipients of this patronage pass it off ?
However , now it seems obvious that the goal was , first , to keep these powerful figures hooked on nicotine and , secondly , grateful towards the tobacco industry such that they would consider long and hard before making any decisions that might negatively impact upon these concerns .
It would be interesting to know if the gratis list still exists .
What we do know is that cigarette companies are some of the most significant donors to political parties on the conservative side of politics .
This makes Tony Abbott ’s decision to support Kevin Rudd ’s plain packaging legislation brave and praiseworthy .
Before people leap to the tobacco industry ’s defence and complain about the government damaging copyright by enforcing plain packaging restrictions , which have been shown to have an effect , especially on people attempting to quit smoking , they should be aware that cigarette companies are well aware of the addictive and dangerous nature of their products .
More than that , they are quite willing to use whatever means are at their disposal to keep people either addicted to their product or dependent upon their largesse .
When Wired.com called for an open alternative to Facebook last Friday , lamenting the company 's untrammeled desire to control your online identity and reconfigure the world 's privacy norms , reader response was overwhelming , with hundreds of comments and ironically , thousands of " Like " votes on Facebook .
Now , a group of four New York University students – who were working on just what we called for – have harnessed that dissatisfaction in the form of more than $ 115,000 in crowdsourced funding for their distributed , social networking system called Diaspora .
That 's the equivalent of a significant angel round of funding in the internet startup world , and their fundraising on the Kickstarter crowdsourced funding site has another 19 days to go .
It 's also an impressive for a project proposal from four students who say they are n't going to start coding until they graduate from college this summer .
And a testament to how strongly that a growing number of people want an alternative to a centralized and dominant social networking site .
The students took their inspiration from a speech in February by the outspoken Software Freedom Law Center founder and Columbia University law professor Eben Moglen .
In that speech to New York 's Internet Society , Moglen accused Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg of having " done more harm to the human race than anybody else his age " and described Facebook as a " terrarium for what it feels like to live in a panopticon built out of web parts . "
Diaspora is n't the only effort to break open the " terrarium . "
For instance , there 's OneSocialWeb , a distributed social networking service that 's under development by four Vodafone employees .
It 's got working code and currently lets users share messages and make connections .
The basic protocol is open , using the instant messaging protocol XMPP – the same as Google 's innovative but lightly used Wave collaboration and messaging system .
Power users can install their own server , while others can use a version hosted on someone else's .
That 's much like the open - source WordPress publishing system , which anyone can install on an owned or rented server – or choose to use WordPress.org 's online service .
Currently , users can create profiles , " follow " and " friend " other users , " like " their updates , and share videos and photos .
Laurent Eschenauer , one of the OneSocialWeb developers , says his project and Diaspora share the goal of providing a " free , open and decentralized alternative to the social networking silos that are Facebook and Twitter . "
He says he hopes that Diaspora looks to work cooperatively with his project , rather than " reinventing the wheel . "
OneSocialWeb already allows accounts hosted on different servers to send messages and photos in real time , and the group plans to have a version 1.0 available this summer ( early beta versions can be downloaded to your own server now ) .
A hosted version that less - technically inclined users can use should be available by end of summer .
The recent news also reinvigorated developer Michael Chisari , who decided to reopen his open source social networking project called Appleseed , which already has working code that allows users on different sites to " friend " each other and interoperate .
Chisari describes the project as " seeing the user as an online citizen , as opposed to a consumer to be targeted " , which he says is in " stark contrast to current social networking websites , who rely heavily on ad placement and data mining of their users . "
Both OneSocialWeb and Appleseed share the same problem : getting enough users to make users want to sign up – the so - called network effect where a network gets exponentially more useful as it gets bigger .
( Think of the fax machine as an example – two fax machines in the world are n't very useful , but your fax machine becomes much more useful when there are 1,000 of them , and even more valuable when there are 10 million . )
Diaspora is taking a different tack , according to Moglen , who has taken the students on as clients and is informally advising them .
Users do n't have to choose to stop using Facebook or Twitter and will be able use the Diaspora client to use those all those services in one place – much like Friendfeed currently does .
But when Diaspora knows that the person you are trying to communicate with also has Diaspora , it will use peer - to - peer , encrypted methods to send that message .
And as more and more people start using the free software , they 'll slowly find themselves weaned from for - profit services , according to Moglen .
" This is the crucial way out of the walled garden , " Moglen said .
" It gives a smooth transition to federated network services . "
Moglen says he's not picking a favorite in the race to unseat Facebook with open source and free software .
But he says the money raised by Diaspora is also a significant moment for the free software movement .
" The funding is not through the capital market and not through the venture capital system , but through civil society , " said Moglen .
" This is a signal to Facebook , and I am sure Facebook is getting it . "
See Also :
IDC is the latest research firm to provide validation that the server market has begun to recover from multiple quarterly losses in 2009 , although like rival analysts firm Gartner reported , IDC found that the recovery is lopsided :
The x86 server business is booming while the non-x86 business is busting .
Sales of x86 servers are taking off like a shot , RISC is shriveling up , and prices are still dropping as IT buyers snap up less - expensive servers .
According to IDC ’s Worldwide Quarterly Server Tracker for the first quarter of 2010 , server unit shipments in the first quarter of 2010 rose 23.3 percent over Q1 2009 , while revenues increased just 4.7 percent , an indication that there is still price pressure on servers .
This represents the highest quarterly growth rate in five years , according to IDC .
The quarter was pretty much carried by x86 server revenue , which grew 33.6 percent while shipments increased 25.6 percent to 1.8 million servers .
Non-x86 systems , meanwhile , shrank by 25.9 percent year - over - year .
The growth is also lopsided in terms of what types of servers are selling .
Volume systems — those under $ 25,000 — were the only ones with year - over - year revenue growth .
They were up 31.9 percent .
Midrange enterprise systems revenue between $ 25,000 and $ 250,000 declined 19.0 percent and high - end systems — costing more than $ 250,000 — declined 28.9 percent .
This is the sixth consecutive quarter that both the midrange and high - end server segments of the server market have experienced a year - over - year revenue decline .
As a result , the server market is basically being pulled along by low - end x86 systems while everything else is still in decline .
But that ’s par for the course coming out of an economic downturn , according to Jean Bozman , research vice president with IDC .
“ People are adding capacity in smaller increments , ” she told InternetNews.com .
“ It used to be people would roll in $ 100,000 , $ 200,000 , $ 500,000 servers .
Now you can add it in these smaller increments .
Because of virtualization , you can provision workloads on that new hardware .
So they are just adding capacity in bite - sized chunks . ”
That may change going forward , however , she added .
“ If you look a little further out , these mid-range servers will start to move because [ enterprises ] need greater scalability , ” she said .
The Unix market was also hit with a lot of change all at once .
Sun went through nine months of uncertainty before it was finally acquired by Oracle ( NASDAQ : ORCL ) .
Still , its revenues fell 31.9 percent year over year .
( Since the deal closed , Oracle CEO Larry Ellison has been fairly clear with his intentions around Sun ’s server business :
He intends to focus on the high end of the market and leave the low - cost server business to the other guys .
Meanwhile , IBM ( NYSE : IBM ) came out with the powerful new POWER7 processor but did n’t make it widely available , and HP ( NYSE : HPQ ) made a shift to the new Itanium 9300 processor in its Integrity and Superdome servers .
These expensive servers all have longer planning and buying cycles than a $ 5,000 server , with customers more willing to hold off if something new is coming , or if there is uncertainty .
IDC expects
Unix systems and more expensive systems in general to pick up later this year , though .
“ We do expect a certain amount of platform migration to take place , but the smoke has n’t cleared yet , ” Bozman said .
HP , IBM , Dell Dominate
The list of top five vendors remains dominated by HP , followed by IBM and then Dell ( NASDAQ : DELL ) , with Fujitsu and Sun now tied in fourth place .
( Gartner had earlier put Fujitsu ahead of Sun. )
Bozman said the kicker for Fujitsu was that its x86 server business has really started to grow , something the company has been pushing both in the U.S. and in its native Japan for a while .
Demand for Microsoft Windows Server products grew 28.3 year over year on a unit basis , while Linux demand was up 36.5 percent .
Linux servers now represent 18.4 percent of all server revenue , up 4.3 points over the same quarter last year .
Unix server revenue declined 29 percent from a year earlier .
The blade server market continues to make its own gains , up 20.8 percent on a unit basis year over year .
Overall , blade servers account for 13.6 percent of quarterly server market revenue and will hit 20 percent in a few years , Bozman added .
( Updated to reflect revised numbers provided by IDC . )
Andy Patrizio is a senior editor at InternetNews.com , the news service of Internet.com , the network for technology professionals .
Follow ServerWatch on Twitter
If you are in the market for an MBA , it makes sense that you do your research and try and pick a program that suits you best .
The MBA programs , however , tend to be pretty sought after and you might not get into your number one choice if you do n't meet and exceed the requirements .
Even if your background in business administration is stellar , if you do n't give the schools exactly what they want in an application , they wo n't accept you .
As with any other program , the best online MBA programs are flooded with the most desirable applicants .
In this article we will go over the ways to make you one of the most desired applicants and give you the best opportunities at getting into the school that you desire .
Like with any application , your post graduate MBA application will be putting all your skills and merits on a piece of paper to try and sell yourself to the school .
Undergrad transcripts , admission essays , GMAT scores and resumes are all very important pieces of your graduate school application process .
You put so much effort into making yourself look appealing to potential schools but letters of recommendation are other people 's opinions about you are and why they think is accepted .
Students are often accepted to schools almost entirely on their letters of recommendation so make sure that the person to write your letter is a staple in your community and that you give them plenty of notice to write the thing .
A letter from somebody who is a respected member of community and actually knows your character is best as they will know what to write , it will have grounds and will probably all be true .
If you are applying to get into an MBA program at one of the world 's most prestigious schools , the competition will be fierce and you can assume that the other applicants are at least as qualified as you , if not more .
This is a great example of how a letter of recommendation can get you in to almost any school .
Most of the top level educators in the country will require you to have two letters of recommendation so try and make them from professionals who actually like you and have spent enough time with you to get to know your character .
If they do n't know you very well , the letter will come off as planned and scripted .
If the person writing the letter of recommendation is n't held in high regards , the person reading the letter wo n't have any idea who they are or what they do and it wo n't be much of a recommendation at all .
Obviously , with so much competition in the MBA applications process , it is incredibly important to stand out .
Doing this on paper is rather difficult so you will get your chance to make a lasting impression during the interview stage .
Try not to answer all their questions with clichÃ©s .
Always think what everybody else would answer and then try and put a spin on that .
You should also be very confident in your abilities and try to sell yourself and your skill set .
You will want to make sure that the panel interviewing you sees how determined you are to get into their school and just how much it would mean to you .
Try to point out your strengths and show the panel what you have to offer the school and how you can make it better .
There are MBA programs with much smaller competition making it much easier to get into .
These programs tend not to have the same level of prestige or reputations but ultimately it is you that decides on just how well you are educated .
Big - name universities tend to pull more crowds , but there are also many more barriers to entry at these institutions .
You may not be able to afford going to these schools but there are plenty of bursaries and other financial aid available for business students .
Make sure that you choose an accredited institution and try to follow some of its faculty and students to see just what type of people work and go to school there .
Hopefully , once you have picked your perfect school , you can add a couple other schools that might be easier to get into .
Do n't , however , lose focus on your number one priority .
With any luck and a lot of hard work you will get into the online MBA program of your choice and go on to lead a successful career in business .
Who knows , you may be the one teaching the new breed of students coming through the doors of the very school you got your degree from .
Full Sail Brewing Wins Gold at the 2010 World Beer Cup for Session Black Lager
Chicago , Illinois – The Full Sail crew is beaming with pride over the fourth gold medal the newest member of the Full Sail family claimed .
The recently released Session Black received a gold medal in the American - style dark lager category at the Brewers Association ( BA ) World Beer Cup® 2010 , the world ’s largest - ever commercial beer competition .
The prestigious event is a global beer competition that evaluates beers from around the world and recognizes the most outstanding beers being produced in the world today .
“ After winning the gold medal at the Great American Beer Festival® , it is such a treat to go two for two and also win gold at the World Beer Cup® .
I am thrilled that the judges recognized the balance and complexity in Session Black .
With both Session and Session Black our brewers at Full Sail show that we can make beers that are easy to drink , but never at the expense of character , ” said Full Sail ’s Executive Brewmaster , Jamie Emmerson .
Session Black Lager , with its sophisticated grey label , is short , dark and totally drinkable .
The initial tastes are a subtle balance of caramel and chocolate malt flavors with precise hopping to provide an elegant citrus background to the delicate finish of dark cocoa .
Gold , silver and bronze medals in the competition ’s 90 beer - style categories were awarded April 10 , 2010 during the World Beer Cup Gala Awards Dinner at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel & Towers in Chicago , Ill. , U.S.A .
World Beer Cup 2010 winners were selected by an international panel of 179 beer judges from 27 countries .
An impressive field of 3,401 entries from 642 breweries in 44 countries made up the competition .
More than 3,800 breweries in 100 countries were invited to compete .
Since its recent launch in July 2009 , Session Black has been awarded four gold medals and was named “ One of America ’s Best Beers ” by Men ’s Journal Magazine .
About Full Sail Brewing Company
The independent and employee - owned Full Sail Brewery is perched on a bluff in Hood River , Oregon , overlooking the most epic wind and kite surfing spot in the world .
At this very moment 47 specialists in the liquid refreshment arts are crafting barley and hops into your next beer .
Among the company ’s most popular brews are Full Sail Amber , IPA , Pale , LTD , Session and Session Black Premium lager .
Founded in 1987 , the Full Sail crew has been fermenting godlike nectar for 22 years .
Committed to brewing great beer and sustainable practices their award winning brews are now available in nineteen states .
The Full Sail Tasting Room and Pub is open seven days a week .
Swing by for a pint , grab a bite , tour the brewery , or just soak up the view .
www.fullsailbrewing.com
The World Beer Cup has been held every other year since 1996 and is presented by the Brewers Association .
Based in Boulder , Colorado , USA , the Brewers Association ( BA ) is the not - for - profit trade and education association dedicated to small and independent American brewers , their craft beers and the community of brewing enthusiasts .
Visit www.BrewersAssociation.org to learn more .
The association ’s activities include events and publishing : www.CraftBeer.com, World Beer Cup® ; Great American Beer Festival℠ ; Craft Brewers Conference and BrewExpo America® ; National Homebrewers Conference ; National Homebrew Competition ; SAVOR : An American Craft Beer and Food Experience ; American Craft Beer Week ; Zymurgy magazine ; The New Brewer magazine ; and books on beer and brewing .
The Brewers Association has an additional membership division of 20,000 + homebrewers : American Homebrewers Association .
Consumers are invited to learn more about the dynamic world of craft beer at www.CraftBeer.com.
This is a shot of the explosion from a different view .
Large budget deficits represent a burden on the future , and debt accumulation eventually poses great problems .
Economists writing for the public can either highlight such truths , neglect the issue , or try to allay worries or excuse or justify large budget deficits ( as anti-recession policy , for example ) .
Economists affiliated or aligned with one of the parties may be suspected of changing their positions on budget deficits to serve their favored party or win favor with its constituency .
This paper investigates selected economists , to see whether their tune changes when the party holding the White House changes .
Six economists are found to change their tune — Paul Krugman in a significant way , Alan Blinder in a moderate way , and Martin Feldstein , Murray Weidenbaum , Paul Samuelson , and Robert Solow in a minor way — while eleven are found to be fairly consistent .
Allo !
Welcome to our The Labyrinth movie website !
The Labyrinth is a 1986 Jim Henson movie starring David Bowie as Jareth , the Goblin King .
The story centers around Sarah , a young girl who accidentally gives her little brother to the goblins .
Sarah must go on a quest through the treacherous labyrinth , through dangers untold and hardships unnumbered , to fight her way to the castle beyond the Goblin City .
Along the way she ’ll have to face the Bog of Eternal Stench , and all kinds of traps , beasts , and goblin tricks .
But we think that there is more to the movie than Bowie , oversize codpieces , and rockin’ mullets .
The Labyrinth has a host of wonderful and unique characters , a rich coming - of - age subtext , and hundreds of amazing Jim Henson puppets .
It is also endlessly quotable , with a rich and unique visual style .
Click around for a while , and find out why The Labyrinth is our favorite movie .
I may be getting a little over - ambitious with the comic artwork this week .
Today 's comic took most of a day to draw .
It was worth it though !
Enjoy ze strip and I will see you on Monday .
It appears it is n’t just Toyota and Lexus getting all the bad press .
Mazda too has come under fire following the announcement that it will recall more than 90,000 compact cars , mostly in Japan and China .
The recall affects customers of the Mazda3 compact sedan and hatchback , currently the company ’s most popular model , and includes those vehicles that were produced from January 2006 to March 2009 .
The issue is in regards to an oil hose being placed too close to a radiator shroud panel , which because of friction when travelling on bumpy roads can cause the hose to leak .
" The company has received two cases of complaints due to the problem , both in China , " a company spokesman revealed to the AFP .
" No accident because of it has been reported . "
Mazda is yet to confirm if the recall on its Mazda3 will lead to other markets , including the U.S. Stay tuned for an update .
[ AFP ]
Recently a journalist asked me why we do n’t yet have quantum computers .
Since I get that question , in some form , at least 300 times per day , I thought it might be worthwhile to collect my thoughts about it in one place .
The essay below does n’t say anything that I and others in the field have n’t said many times before , so hardcore Shtetl - Optimized fans should probably skip it .
( Do n’t worry , I ’ll let y’all know when I have something new to say and am reckless enough to say it . )
When people ask me why we do n’t yet have quantum computers , my first response is to imagine someone asking Charles Babbage in the 1820s : “ so , when are we going to get these scalable classical computers ? by 1830 ? or maybe 1840 ? ”
In that case , we know that it took more than a century for the technology to catch up with the theory ( and in particular , for the transistor to be invented ) .
More generally , we have lots of precedents for a technology being imaginable decades or even centuries before it became technologically feasible — heavier - than - air flight is another example .
So there ’s nothing weird or anomalous about our current situation .
The central technological obstacle to building a scalable quantum computer is well - known , and is decoherence , or unwanted interaction between the computer and its external environment .
When information about a quantum state leaks into the outside world — by any means whatsoever , intended or not — the state loses its “ quantumness ” and reverts to being classical .
So to do a quantum computation , it ’s necessary to keep the qubits ( atomic nuclei , photons , or whatever else they are ) almost fanatically isolated from their environment .
But at the same time , you also need to manipulate the qubits , move them around , etc. , in such a way as to carry out the computation .
Those twin requirements are the reasons why the most famous ‘ success ’ of practical quantum computing to date was factoring 15 into 3×5 .
Indeed , the problem of decoherence is so severe that you might even conjecture that building a quantum computer is impossible in principle .
However , by now people have thought pretty hard about that possibility , and have failed to find any fundamental obstacle to quantum computing .
Indeed , the starting assumption that quantum computing “ must be impossible ” has n’t led to a research program with any real successes .
On the positive side , by contrast , in the 1990s computer scientists and physicists developed the beautiful theory of quantum fault - tolerance , which shows that , as long as you can get the decoherence rate below a certain finite threshold ( which current estimates put at somewhere around a 10 - 3 probability of failure per qubit per gate time ) , you can fix the errors caused by decoherence faster than you introduce new ones , and thereby perform an arbitrarily long quantum computation .
( I like to think of this fault - tolerance threshold as analogous to the critical mass for an atomic bomb ! )
So , today there are large research efforts in two directions : on the experimental side , to push down the decoherence rate , and on the theoretical side , to find error - correction schemes that can cope with higher decoherence rates .
Hopefully those efforts will “ meet in the middle ” someday , and then we ’ll have quantum computers !
However , long before we see general - purpose quantum computers , I predict that we ’ll see a proliferation of special - purpose quantum simulators — basically , quantum computers that are tailored to some specific physics , chemistry , or optimization problem .
Indeed , arguably we already have that today , in that we have plenty of many - particle entangled quantum systems ( such as high temperature superconductors and quark - gluon plasmas ) that we do n’t know how to simulate efficiently on a classical computer .
You could think of all these systems as “ quantum computers ” that compute their own time evolution !
From this perspective , the challenge is “ merely ” to get a programmable quantum computer , one that can solve a problem of our choosing ( like factoring a huge composite number ) .
But I can easily imagine gradual steps in that direction from what we already have over the next couple of decades .
Finally , maybe it ’s worth mentioning that there have already been some significant spinoffs of quantum computing in classical computer science ( see here for a beautiful survey of them ) .
Also , as “ ordinary ” transistors get closer and closer to the atomic scale , I predict that ideas from quantum information science will be increasingly relevant , if only to suppress the quantum effects that the chip designers do n’t want !
Next month marks the 50th anniversary of the birth - control pill in the U.S.
The dawn of dependable contraception not only ended the post - war baby boom , it also ignited the sexual revolution and helped millions of women to enter the work force .
Nowadays , women can choose from a bevy of birth - control options , including pills , patches and rings that allow them to have as few periods as they like , even none .
Implants and intrauterine devices ( IUDs ) can prevent pregnancy for years at a time and eliminate the need to refill and ...
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A Pakistani national has been convicted over his role in the deadly 2008 Mumbai ( Bombay ) attacks by an Indian court .
Mohammad Ajmal Amir Qasab , 22 , the sole surviving gunman , was found guilty on charges including murder , waging war on India and possessing explosives .
The attacks left 174 people - including nine gunmen - dead , and soured ties between India and Pakistan .
India 's home minister said the verdict was a message to Pakistan that it should not " export terrorism to India " .
AT THE SCENE Prachi Pinglay
BBC News , Mumbai
As the judge read out his verdict , Mohammad Ajmal Amir Qasab kept his head down .
He did not say anything during the entire proceedings .
The courtroom was bristling with journalists .
More than 100 reporters were present in the high - security facility , craning their necks to see how Qasab was reacting .
When the first indication came that Qasab was going to be found guilty , there was a gasp .
There was an even bigger reaction when the judge acquitted the two Indians also charged alongside Qasab .
As he continued reading , people became restless and the judge had to exhort the room to keep calm .
More comes tomorrow when the judge hears arguments about sentencing .
Gunman deadpan amid frenzy India blames Pakistan - based militants Lashkar - e - Taiba for the attacks .
After initial denials , Pakistan acknowledged that the attacks had been partially planned on its territory and that Qasab was one of its citizens .
Two Indian men - Fahim Ansari and Sabahuddin Ahmed - who were accused of helping the gunmen plan the attacks , were acquitted by the presiding judge at the court in Mumbai .
The judge will begin hearing arguments about sentencing on Tuesday .
The prosecution is seeking the death penalty for Qasab .
Qasab 's 271 - day trial was conducted amid tight security in a purpose - built court on the jail premises in Mumbai where he was being held .
Closed - circuit TV evidence showed Kasab and an accomplice opening fire on passengers at one of Mumbai 's busiest train stations , an assault that left dozens of people dead .
MOHAMMAD AJMAL AMIR QASAB Pakistani citizen from Punjab province Reports say he received little education , and spent his youth alternating between labouring and petty crime India says he was trained for Mumbai operation by Lashkar - e - Taiba group in a remote camp Captured on camera at the Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus , a slight figure in combat trousers and a sweatshirt , clutching an assault rifle Prosecutors said he had confessed but his lawyers then said his statement had been coerced , and it was retracted
Deadlock over attack ' masterminds ' Profile of Ajmal Amir Qasab
Over the past 14 months , the trial witnessed a number of twists and turns .
Qasab originally denied the charges against him but last July , in a dramatic outburst in court , he admitted his role and asked to be hanged .
He later retracted this plea , saying he had been tortured by police into making it , and the trial continued .
In November , the main lawyer representing Qasab - who was arrested on the first day of the attacks - was removed from the case after the judge said he was delaying proceedings .
Late last year , Pakistan charged seven people in connection with the attacks , including the suspected mastermind Zaki-ur - Rehman Lakhvi , who is alleged to head Lashkar - e - Taiba .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Captain Pyke | May 25 , 2010 - 10:38 pm
Just the mere shape of these speakers makes us want a pair .
Hand crafted by Danish Audio Company NAME REDACTED , the NAME REDACTED series of loudspeaker is part audiophile grade transducer and modern Danish furniture .
To us , it looks like a giant flippin ' delta shield that WE MUST HAVE for our living room .
Of course , there 's a catch ( is n't there always ) .
Available in both black and walnut finishes , a set of Rithms will set you back about five grand .
According to the reviews we 've seen , the speakers are worth their price tag for sound reproduction & aesthetics .
Check out more pics and some of NAME REDACTED 's marketing speak below .
We recently received an email from the manufacturer of these no -longer - mentioned loudspeakers requesting that we remove our post concerning their products .
As stated in the email , they feel that their branding / styling does n't necessarily align with that of Star Trek and Trek Fans .
What they possibly do n't realize is that Trek Fans , as a whole , spend more many on Star Trek and Star Trek related merchandising than any other group in all of fandom .
Take for instance the Christie 's " 40 years of Star Trek " auction in 2006 .
Trek Fans spent more than $ 7.1 million in less than two days on Trek memorabilia .
We 're not calling the company out or trying to somehow defame them in anyway .
We just want everyone to understand that Trek Fans are a viable market demographic that should n't be overlooked .
COLUMBUS , Ohio --
The Columbus Blue Jackets could be looking for a new head coach after the season , and the Columbus Dispatch placed Paul MacLean ’s name on a list of potential candidates .
MacLean , an assistant under Red Wings coach Mike Babcock the past seven seasons , including two in Anaheim , thinks the time is right for him to become a head coach .
“ I think I ’m ready to do that , but there ’s only 30 of those opportunities in the league , ’’ MacLean said .
“ There ’s a lot of people that are just like me that believe they ’re qualified as well .
It ’s nice to be considered , and I look forward to that opportunity if it presents itself . ’’
MacLean has extensive head coaching experience at the minor league level , with Kansas City and Peoria of the now - defunct International Hockey League and Quad Cities of the United Hockey League .
“ I ’ve been on interviews ( for NHL jobs ) , but it has n’t happened , ’’ MacLean said .
“ You just got to be patient . ’’
The Blue Jackets will decide shortly whether to promote interim head coach Claude Noel or search for a new permanent head coach .
Mr. Bethune was taken into custody by the crew , who held him for a month as the whaling ship returned to Japan .
When the boat arrived in Tokyo on March 12 , he was taken into custody by the Japanese Coast Guard .
The Ady Gil was being used by the Sea Shepherd groupto interfere with Japanese whaling ships during their annual hunt in the Antarctic , south of Australia and New Zealand .
The bow of the Ady Gil was sheared off in the collision , and Mr. Bethune and his crew were rescued by the Bob Barker , another Sea Shepherd boat .
Each ship blamed the other for the incident .
The assault and obstruction of business charges carry prison terms up to 15 years , and a trespassing conviction can result in a three - year prison sentence , The Associated Press reported from Tokyo .
Japanese media reports have suggested that Tokyo intends to use Mr. Bethune ’s case as a warning to Sea Shepherd to end its confrontations with Japan ’s whaling fleet .
The group has tried to disrupt the Antarctic hunts by blocking Japanese ships , using ropes to clog their propellers and throwing bottles of rancid butter onto their decks to make them slippery .
Hirotaka Akamatsu , the Japanese fisheries minister , told reporters when Mr. Bethune was arrested that his actions were “ outrageously illegal behavior . ”
Over the past few years , but especially during the past several months , there has been an extraordinary revival of interest in Thomas Jefferson ’s idea of state nullification of unconstitutional federal laws .
According to Jefferson , if the federal government were to monopolize constitutional interpretation , it would of course interpret the Constitution in its own favor and consistently uncover previously unknown reservoirs of additional federal power .
Only a fool would consent to such a system , thought Jefferson , and the peoples of the states were not fools .
Needless to say , nullification is nowhere to be found on the three - by - five card on which our betters have written out the range of allowable opinion , so it has been greeted with the usual hysteria from predictable quarters .
The latest , and to my mind most laughable , example comes from Sean Wilentz , a history professor at Princeton , writing in The New Republic .
The subtitle of Professor Wilentz ’s article “ The Essence of Anarchy ” is “ America ’s long , sordid affair with nullification . ”
What Professor Wilentz omits in his alleged history of that “ long , sordid affair ” could fill an entire book , and indeed just weeks ago I announced the impending release of my own book on precisely this subject .
( Nullification will cover the origins and theory of nullification , its forgotten nineteenth - century history , modern applications of the idea , and much else . )
For now I ’ll note the New England states that appealed to nullification ( or interposition ) against President Jefferson ’s embargo , against what they considered the unconstitutional calling up of the New England militia during the war of 1812 , against the use of military conscription , and against a law providing for the enlistment of minors .
Pretty “ sordid , ” huh ?
In addition to other examples , we might also refer to the legislature of Wisconsin , which as late as 1859 was quoting from Jefferson ’s Kentucky Resolutions of 1798 in opposition to unconstitutional aspects of the Fugitive Slave Act of 1850 .
Sordid , I tell you .
Here ’s the text of a handbill that circulated in Milwaukee in the 1850s :
All the People of this State , who are opposed to being made SLAVES or SLAVE - CATCHERS , and to having the Free Soil of Wisconsin made the hunting - ground for Human Kidnappers , and all who are willing to unite in a STATE LEAGUE , to defend our State Sovereignty , our State Courts , and our State and National Constitutions , against the flagrant usurpations of U.S. Judges , Commissioners , and Marshals , and their Attorneys ; and to maintain inviolate those great Constitutional Safeguards of Freedom — the WRIT OF HABEAS CORPUS and the RIGHT OF TRIAL BY JURY — as old and sacred as Constitutional Liberty itself ; and all who are willing to sustain the cause of those who are prosecuted , and to be prosecuted in Wisconsin , by the agents and executors of the Kidnapping Act of 1850 , for the alleged crime of rescuing a human being from the hands of kidnappers , and restoring him to himself and to Freedom , are invited to meet at YOUNGS ’ HALL , IN THIS CITY , THURSDAY , APRIL 13TH , at 11 o’clock A.M. , to counsel together , and take such action as the exigencies of the times , and the cause of imperiled Liberty demand .
What ’s that ?
A “ state league ” to defend “ state sovereignty ” on behalf of human freedom against the “ flagrant usurpations ” of the federal government ?
How sordid !
Nullification : How to ... Thomas E. Woods Best Price : $ 2.00 Buy New $ 8.34 ( as of 05:25 EST - Details )
Do you suppose Professor Wilentz teaches that at Princeton ?
Does he even know about it ?
What Professor Wilentz also omits , and perhaps does n’t know , is that abolitionists who opposed the Fugitive Slave Act of 1850 expressly endorsed nullification and even referred to John C. Calhoun by name in support of their ideas .
A shame Professor Wilentz was n’t around to tell them that only a “ racist ” would refer to the wicked Calhoun , and that mature adults should never be allowed simply to consider his ideas on their merits .
We Who Dared to Say No ... Best Price : $ 2.50 Buy New $ 14.75 ( as of 08:10 EST - Details )
Wilentz spends some of his time giving us a 60 - year - old interpretation of the Virginia and Kentucky Resolutions of 1798 , where nullification and interposition were first expressly advanced , as if no scholarship had appeared since then .
He tells us that Jefferson was “ in a panic ” when he drafted the Kentucky Resolutions .
In other words , Jefferson was n’t really in his right mind , so we can excuse him for dreaming up crazy constitutional ideas that irritate Princeton professors .
Whether he realizes it or not , Wilentz is here repeating the thesis of Adrienne Koch and Harry Ammon , from their 1948 William and Mary Quarterly article “ The Virginia and Kentucky Resolutions : An Episode in Jefferson ’s and Madison ’s Defense of Civil Liberties . ”
Koch and Ammon suggest that nullification was really just an ad hoc response to an emergency situation rather than an enduring constitutional doctrine in its own right .
Unfortunately for Wilentz , the subject has been explored a teensy bit further in the six decades since then .
As Kevin Gutzman shows in his book Virginia ’s American Revolution : From Dominion to Republic , 1776 — 1840 , Jefferson did not invent nullification in a moment of haste .
The germ of nullification is directly traceable to the Virginia ratifying convention of 1788 ( and indeed even into the colonial period ) .
There , supporters of the Constitution insisted that the federal government would possess only the powers “ expressly delegated ” to it , and that Virginia would be “ exonerated ” should the federal government ever reach for a power beyond those delegated .
Edmund Randolph and George Nicholas assured Virginians of these principles in so many words .
Both men served on the five - man committee that was to draft Virginia ’s ratification instrument .
Randolph went on to serve as U.S. attorney general , and Nicholas as attorney general of Kentucky .
Throughout the 1790s , Virginians kept returning to the assurances they had been given in 1788 .
To give just one example : appalled by Alexander Hamilton ’s financial program , and particularly the federal assumption of state debts , Patrick Henry introduced a resolution , passed by the Virginia legislature , that cited Hamilton ’s program as an example of precisely what Virginians had been assured could not happen — the exercise by the federal government of a power it had not been delegated .
Henry reminded his fellow Virginians that they had been sold the Constitution on the grounds that the federal government would have only those powers expressly delegated to it , and that the state government would be a sentinel watching over federal officials and remaining on guard against federal encroachments .
Is that really so far from what Jefferson would later say ?
Virginiau2019s America ... Kevin R. C. Gutzman Best Price : $ 29.04 Buy New $ 39.32 ( as of 09:57 EST - Details )
By the time Jefferson drafted the Kentucky Resolutions of 1798 , therefore , he was merely developing these longstanding principles .
He certainly was not spinning out an ad hoc response .
Much less was he acting merely “ in a panic . ”
My favorite part of the whole piece comes when Wilentz offers us this aside : “ Madison also wrote of nullification that u2018 [ n] o man ’s creed was more opposed to such an inversion of the Repubn .
order of things ’ than Thomas Jefferson ’s . ”
Folks ,
Wilentz may not know it — and the automatons posting the fawning comments at the New Republic ’s site obviously do n’t know it — but that remark alone proves he has no idea what he is talking about .
First of all , Madison ’s statement about Jefferson is clearly false , as any competent historian knows .
Jefferson included the very word “ nullification ” in his draft of the Kentucky Resolutions of 1798 !
How can Wilentz , a Princeton historian , not know this ?
Who Killed the Constit ...
Thomas E. Woods , Kevin ... Best Price : $ 1.96 Buy New $ 9.00 ( as of 12:05 EST - Details )
But here ’s the real kicker .
Wilentz neglects to mention that the elder Madison , in his zeal to separate nullification from Jefferson ’s legacy , tried denying that Jefferson had included the dreaded word in his draft of the Kentucky Resolutions .
Madison had seen the draft himself , so he either knew this statement was false or was suffering from the effects of advanced age .
When a copy of the original Kentucky Resolutions in Jefferson ’s own handwriting turned up , complete with the word “ nullification , ” Madison was forced to retreat .
You see what this means ?
Nearly 180 years later , Sean Wilentz is still trying to defend a claim that Madison himself withdrew .
Whether that speaks poorly of Wilentz ’s honesty or his competence is something only he himself can know .
As for Madison ’s claim at an advanced age that the Virginia Resolutions had never contemplated nullification , and Wilentz ’s related claim that nullification supporters wickedly and perversely misinterpreted Madison , my book addresses this point directly .
For now we might note that ( 1 ) the other state legislatures understood Madison at the time as saying precisely what Madison ( and Wilentz ) later tried to deny he was saying ; ( 2 ) Madison did not correct this alleged misunderstanding when he had the chance to in the Report of 1800 or at any other time during those years ; and ( 3 ) the text of the Virginia Resolutions clearly indicates that each state was “ duty bound ” to maintain its constitutional liberties within its “ respective ” territory , and hence Madison did indeed contemplate action by a single state as supporters and opponents alike took him to be saying at the time .
Faced with a bipartisan , cross-ideological push for the decentralization of political power , all Sean Wilentz can think to do is — you ’ll never guess !
— revive the specter of 1950s resistance to civil rights .
Few today would defend the indignities to which American blacks were subject at that time , though it seems safe to assume that the grievances of civil - rights activists would have been greatly alleviated from the start had the constitutional remedy of enforcing the Fifteenth Amendment been actively and consistently applied .
But I wonder if , just as Wilentz expects us for that reason to repudiate the principle of decentralized power , we can expect him to denounce his own beloved federal government — after all , did n’t Woodrow Wilson ’s decision to enter World War I lead to the deaths of 116,000 Americans for no good reason ?
Were n’t Japanese individuals rounded into detention camps in the 1940s ?
( Incidentally , I wonder how “ sordid ” it would have been had California and Washington state interposed to prevent the internment of these poor souls . )
The Politically Incorr ... Thomas E. Woods Jr. Best Price : $ 1.51 Buy New $ 8.71 ( as of 06:15 EST - Details )
And really , even Wilentz ’s acute hypochondria would presumably stop short of declaring that the fourteen states allowing medical marijuana in defiance of the federal government ’s prohibition must be a bunch of “ racists ” who secretly aim to oppress people .
California is even considering legalizing marijuana across the board — a clear act of nullification .
What , pray tell , does this have to do with race ?
May it be possible that people who advocate decentralized power might actually favor — wait for it — decentralized power ?
Or do we automatically assume that their stated principles conceal a sinister conspiracy to oppress , even though centralized power is what made possible the unprecedented oppressions and atrocities of the twentieth century ?
To be sure , Wilentz grudgingly concedes that nullification supporters are “ not currently concerned with racial supremacy ” ( not currently concerned , you understand — you never know what people who do n’t subscribe to The New Republic may think of next ) .
But then why smear them by writing an entire article on the subject that never soberly considers the relevant questions on their merits , and instead associates the idea exclusively with racial oppression ?
Hitler despised states ’ rights ; does that make him a model of enlightenment and toleration ?
Meltdown : A Free - Marke ...
Thomas E. Woods Best Price : $ 0.25 Buy New $ 20.00 ( as of 02:20 EST - Details )
Wilentz is not entirely wrong , of course .
Dangers exist at all levels of government .
Libertarians understand that better than anyone .
The question that supporters of the states against the federal government are asking today is this : right now , where are the greater threats to our liberties liable to come from , Utah or D.C. ?
I cannot come up with an adequate word to describe someone who , having observed the enormities of twenty - first - century Washington no matter which party is in control , is more concerned about the potential for abuse of power in Boise or Santa Fe .
I suppose I do n’t need to tell readers what we are all supposed to do now that Professor Wilentz has handed down his ex cathedra pronouncement , but I ’ll tell you anyway .
We ’re supposed to abandon all non-approved opinions forthwith ; promise in the future to run everything by Sean Wilentz first , lest we incorrigible haters fall back into our wicked ways ; and show proper remorse for having disturbed our left - neocon overlords at The New Republic .
Here they are trying to drum up another round of war propaganda ( which has nothing to do with hatred , you understand ) , and we have the gall to distract them with Thomas Jefferson !
33 Questions About Ame ... Thomas E. Woods Best Price : $ 2.91 Buy New $ 9.99 ( as of 07:05 EST - Details )
Oh , and Sean : nobody buys the “ racism ” smears anymore .
No one in his right mind believes , with Keith Olbermann , that people who drive pickup trucks are likely to have sinister intentions , or that “ arrogant ” as an adjective to describe Barack Obama is a “ racist code word . ”
That game is over .
The non -zombie population , which is growing all the time , just tunes it out .
At this point , “ racist ” now encompasses , at the very least , the Tea Party , the GOP , constitutionalists , libertarians , anarchists , anyone who has ever said a kind word about the South ( since what reason other than “ racism ” could anyone have for doing that ? ) , anyone who opposes Obama , and anyone who opposes health mandates .
That pretty much leaves , as a working definition for “ racist , ” someone who does n’t subscribe to The New Republic .
All these groups I ’ve just mentioned probably amount to more than half the country .
If the American population is so full of “ hatred ” and “ racism ” that every other person is liable to be a Klansman , I wonder if Professor Wilentz can explain to us why he favors open immigration .
Does n’t he instead have a moral obligation to warn potential immigrants to stay away from such a cauldron of “ hatred ” ?
Supporters of nullification today , says Wilentz , “ take refuge in a psychodrama of u2018liberty ’ versus u2018tyranny . ' ”
He then says that the constitutional doctrine they promote would allow “ racial segregation and inequality up to the point of enslavement . ”
So people who are concerned about a government that makes up the rules as it goes along are engaged in “ psychodrama , ” but people who think the repeal of the Thirteenth Amendment is likely enough to be worth mentioning are the very model of reason .
Sean Wilentz is supposed to be a great Princeton professor .
He is a reliable court historian of the regime ( which by some definitions may indeed make him a great Princeton professor ) .
He thinks he can parry opponents of the central government by means of distortions , omissions , outright falsehoods , hysteria , and name - calling .
This is the best the Establishment can do against nullification ?
Professor Wilentz ’s poor students should demand their money back .
The Best of Tom Woods
The Palestinian Authority on Friday pointed a finger at Israel following clashes which broke out on the Temple Mount in Jerusalem and left 60 Palestinians and about 20 police officers injured .
Eight policemen were evacuated to hospitals in the capital .
Five protestors were detained for questioning .
According to a special statement released by the office of Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas , " Today 's events were aimed at damaging the chances of resuming the peace process and Israel is crossing all the red lines – after the Arab League 's monitoring committee recommended that the negotiations between the sides be resumed . "
Israeli Accusation Aharonovitch : Hamas ignited Temple Mount riots Efrat Weiss
Three arrested for stone throwing following clashes which left 60 Palestinians , 20 officers hurt .
Internal security minister points finger at Palestinian group , Islamic Movement .
Palestinians : Boy badly injured by rubber bullet Aharonovitch : Hamas ignited Temple Mount riots
The statement also said that Abbas , who was being updated on the events in Jerusalem , had called on the American administration to " stop the adventure which may ignite a religious war in the region " and demanded that the international community " take responsibility and stop the Israeli recklessness , which may have serious implications on the entire region and on peace and security in the entire world . "
Syria said Friday it " condemns the Israeli aggression " at the Temple Mount which showed the Jewish state rejected efforts to relaunch the peace process .
" The desecration of Arab and Islamic sanctities comes as the Arab League accepted the launch of indirect negotiations ... which is further evidence of the seriousness of Israel 's quest for peace , " said a foreign ministry statement .
" It 's also proof that the Israeli policy rejects the peace process and seeks to liquidate the Palestinian cause . "
Police face stone throwers ( Photo : Reuters )
The clashes began as Arab worshippers began hurling stones at the Western Wall plaza and police forces stationed at the Mugrabi Gate in Jerusalem 's Old City .
The police forces removed the stone throwers and stormed the Temple Mount compound , using stun grenades .
Dozens of youths fled into the al - Aqsa Mosque following the clashes .
According to the police , the forces did not enter the mosque .
Additional clashes took place during protests in the West Bank .
Some 50 people hurled stones at the security forces near the village of Dir Nizam , northwest of Ramallah .
Nearby , in Nabi Saleh , Palestinians reported that a youth was badly injured in the head by a rubber bullet .
The boy was hurt over the eye and rushed unconscious to the hospital in the Palestinian town of Salfit .
NewsAlert
Sign up for our NewsAlert service and have the latest news in astronomy and space e-mailed direct to your desktop .
Enter your e-mail address :
Privacy note : your e-mail address will not be used for any other purpose .
Atlas rocket delivers Air Force spaceplane to orbit
BY STEPHEN CLARK
SPACEFLIGHT NOW
Posted : April 22 , 2010
Just down the road from where the shuttle Atlantis is being prepped for flight , the U.S. Air Force launched its own unmanned reusable spaceplane to orbit aboard an Atlas 5 rocket Thursday evening on a round - trip shakedown mission .
The Atlas 5 rocket lifted off at 7:52 p.m. EDT as the sun set at Cape Canaveral .
See our photo gallery from pad cameras .
Credit : Stephen Clark / Spaceflight Now
The military space shuttle does not carry a crew , but it relies on a laundry list of new technologies that Air Force officials hope will revolutionize how the Pentagon executes its space programs .
" Fundamentally , this is an updated version of the space shuttle , " said Gary Payton , the U.S. Air Force 's top civilian leader for military space programs .
" The Air Force has a suite of military missions in space .
This new vehicle could potentially help us do those missions better . "
Built by Boeing Phantom Works , the 29 - foot - long , 11,000 - pound X - 37B spacecraft sports a modest cargo bay , a powerful maneuvering engine , a deployable solar array , and stubby wings to guide the ship back to Earth after its mission .
" Our top priority is demonstrating the vehicle itself , " Payton said .
" This has an autonomous flight control system , a new generation of silica tile , a wealth of other new technologies that are one generation beyond the shuttle . "
Although officials are openly discussing the X - 37B platform itself , the Air Force is mum on exactly what payloads the unmanned ship carries inside its cargo hold , which is about the size of a pickup truck bed .
" The actual on - orbit activities we do classify , " Payton said earlier this week in a conference call with reporters .
" We 're doing that in this case for the actual experimental payloads that are on - orbit with the X - 37 . "
It will land on a runway originally built for the space shuttle at Vandenberg Air Force Base , Calif .
Officially named the Orbital Test Vehicle , the prototype spaceplane is about one - quarter the size of a space shuttle orbiter .
" The Orbital Test Vehicle combines the best of aircraft and spacecraft to enable flexible and responsive missions , " said Paul Rusnock , Boeing vice president of experimental systems and program director for the X - 37B .
" This first flight will demonstrate the readiness of the X - 37B to begin serving the Air Force as it continues to investigate ways to make space access more routine , affordable and responsive . "
The Atlas 5 rocket featured a 5.4 - meter payload fairing and no solid rocket boosters .
Credit : Stephen Clark / Spaceflight Now
Besides saying the mission will demonstrate the craft 's high - tech capabilities , the Air Force is not releasing any information on what experiments or objectives are planned while the X - 37B is in orbit .
The mission entered a news blackout less than 20 minutes after the 196 - foot - tall Atlas 5 rocket blasted off at 7:52 p.m. EDT ( 2352 GMT ) from Cape Canaveral , Fla .
The Atlas 5 rocket launched in the 501 configuration with a 5.4 - meter payload fairing , no solid rocket boosters and a single - engine Centaur upper stage .
Thursday 's launch was the first flight of that version of the Atlas 5 , and it was the first time the rocket 's larger payload shroud has flown since 2006 .
" This vehicle is light enough to launch without the solid rocket motors even with the larger fairing , making this a rather unique configuration , " said Lt. Col.
Erik Bowman , commander of the 45th Launch Support Squadron at Cape Canaveral .
After flying vertically away from the launch pad at Complex 41 , the Atlas 5's Russian - made main engine steered the rocket east from the Space Coast and into a clear blue sky awash with breathtaking sunset colors .
Less than four minutes into the flight , the Atlas 5 rocket was already at the edge of space , high enough to jettison the 17 - foot diameter nose cone cocooning the miniature space shuttle .
The Atlas first stage pulled away from the Centaur upper stage four - and - a - half minutes after liftoff , and the hydrogen - fueled RL10 engine ignited on time about 10 seconds later .
After firing for nearly 13 minutes , the Centaur shut down on schedule .
The upper stage cut loose of the spaceplane about 20 minutes after liftoff .
United Launch Alliance and Air Force officials say the launch was successful .
The Air Force is not releasing the ship 's planned orbit , but officials say it is designed to operate at altitudes between 110 and 500 nautical miles , or 126 to 575 statute miles .
The Atlas 5 soars into the sky at dusk .
See our photo gallery from the press site .
Credit : Ben Cooper / Spaceflight Now
The X - 37B 's on - board engine is capable of significant maneuvers after the craft arrives in orbit .
Once in space , the spaceplane was supposed to open its clamshell - like payload bay doors and unfurl its solar panel .
During several weeks or months in orbit , the X - 37B will be a testbed for secret new technologies .
Future flights of the reusable spaceship could approach U.S. or foreign satellites , recover old spacecraft , or test out surveillance and repair techniques .
The speculation leads some to voice concerns over the militarization of space .
During a teleconference with reporters Tuesday , Payton said none of those activities are part of the X - 37B 's first flight .
The craft launching Thursday does not carry a robot arm like the shuttle , and there are no rendezvous objectives planned for the mission , according to Payton .
Officials hope this test flight will lead to more responsive space systems , including reusable vehicles like the X - 37B .
" If we 're successful with this first launch , I would love to see us proliferate the X - 37 idea and marry it up with Operationally Responsive Space , " Payton said in a March interview .
" We could have an X - 37 sitting at Vandenberg or at the Cape , and on comparitively short notice , depending on warfighter requirements , we could put a specific payload into the payload bay , launch it up on an Atlas or Delta , and then have it stay in orbit , do the job for the combatant commander , and come back home .
And then the next flight , we could have a different payload inside , maybe even for a different combatant commander . "
The X - 37B spacecraft is encapsulated inside the Atlas 5 payload fairing .
Credit : U.S. Air Force
The Air Force does not plan to release any updates during the miniature shuttle 's flight , but a cadre of dedicated satellite observers on the ground could track the spaceplane 's orbit .
The trackers may also see any objects deployed by the spacecraft .
New heat shield technologies , advanced guidance and navigation , a solar power generation system , and new flight control systems are at the top of the list of public goals for the test flight .
" The primary objectives of the X - 37 are to [ prove ] a new batch of vehicle technologies for America 's future , plus readying and demonstrating the concept of operations for reusable experimental payloads , " Payton said .
The X - 37B will return to Earth only after it completes its top secret experiments in orbit .
The mission will be controlled by the Air Force 's 3rd Space Experimentation Squadron at Schriever Air Force Base , Colo .
The length of the mission has not been determined , according to Payton .
The craft can stay in orbit for up to 270 days .
At the end of the flight , the craft 's main engine will fire to drop the ship from orbit .
The spaceplane will re-enter the atmosphere on a computer - controlled autopilot and make a high - speed landing at nearly 300 mph .
" Our re-entry activity is slightly different than the shuttle because the real - time human control wo n't be there every single instance of de-orbit preps and de-orbit burn and entry , " Payton said .
" It will be relying on its own autopilot , its own gyroscopes , its own GPS receivers , eventually its own altimeter .
It will be on its own all the way through entry and landing .
And that 's dramatically different than the way shuttle does it . "
The X - 37B spaceplane sits on a runway at Vandenberg Air Force Base .
Credit : U.S. Air Force
A second spaceplane is under construction for launch some time next year .
The Air Force will not set a specific launch date until the first X - 37B safely returns .
" The most important demonstration is on the ground , " Payton said .
" Once we get the bird back , we 'll see what it really takes to turn this bird around and get it ready to go fly again , to learn how to do payload changeout on the ground , to learn how much it really costs to do this turnaround on the ground with these new technologies on the X - 37 itself . "
The Air Force hopes turnaround times and operations expenses prove faster and less costly than traditional space platforms .
" There is much to learn in the first few flights on the technologies used on this vehicle , how quickly it can be readied for a re-flight , and on the operational utility , " said David Hamilton , director of the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office .
" We have started discussions with Air Force Space Command ( officials ) to plan for the possibility for transition to an operational capability , but the system first must prove its utility and cost effectiveness during the test program . "
In development for more than a decade , the X - 37B craft builds on earlier design and testing by NASA and the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency .
The Air Force took over the program in 2006 .
The program 's future , including the potential for operational sorties , hinges on the outcome of test flights in 2010 and 2011 .
" That all depends on the success of these first two birds , " Payton said .
" Can we keep the [ operations and maintenance ] costs low ?
Can we turn them around between flights easily ? "
Although technology is a massive part of our lives , the big problem with trying to show it on screen is that it 's relatively dull to look at .
Well , that is until it gets the full Hollywood makeover , where technology moves from the dull to the ridiculous and completely outside the bounds of reality .
We 've just updated this list with a few of our new favourite mistakes , but here 's everything that Hollywood thinks that computers can do .
12 . Backups do n't exist
With everything stored on computers , Hollywood 's new plot device is that all records ( financial , personal , criminal and so on ) , can be accessed via the internet and deleted with a worm that infects the internet .
Even if this were possible for such a programme to delete specific bits of information , it rather conveniently ignores one major thing : backups .
In Live Free or Die Hard ( only the second worst Die Hard film ) , the bad guy tries to delete all financial records in the US , largely forgetting that they 're extremely well protected and , in any case , financial companies are pretty hot on keeping backups , as they really do n't like losing money .
11 . Bad guys attack computers in the most convoluted ways
Why go for an easy plan , when you can have a hideously overblown method of attacking the good guys ' computers ?
Increasingly , as Hollywood pays more and more attention to tech as part of the plot , the bad guys are coming up with horrendously complicated plans that are massively prone to failure .
Take , the latest Bond film , Skyfall , for example .
Javier Bardem , as Silva , has this plan : get captured and put in a cell , so that his laptop can be plugged into MI6's network , where an automatic virus can infect its security system and release him .
That 's quite a lot of assumptions that Silva has to make for that plan to come off .
10 .
When systems go wrong , stuff starts to explode
When a computer crashes in real life it's often quite annoying , but spectacularly dull to watch .
In films , when a computer goes wrong , it 's very exciting and stuff starts to explode .
The way computers go wrong depend on the film or TV show .
In Star Trek , Kirk need only ask an alien computer to " Explain .
The .
Human emotion .
Known .
As ..... Love " , for it to go into a bizarre loop where its logical systems can't computer and it explodes .
In Star Wars Episode I : The Phantom Menace ( one of the worst films ever made ) , the destruction of the main ship causes the droid army to lose its control signal and fail - one of them even has his head fall off .
Quite why you 'd ever build this feature into your army of destruction is beyond us .
Thankfully this does n't happen in real life - imagine your keyboard exploding just because Windows had crashed again .
^ The United Federation of Planets was inundated with health and safety complaints , after building their control panels out of explosives
9 . Guessing a password is easy
In all films when the protagonist gets to a vital computer that 's protected by a password , guessing the password is always easy .
Given three chances to make the correct choice , the following steps are taken : 1 ) they type one wrong password , 2 ) they think hard and type another wrong password , 3 ) they look round the room they 're in , have a flashback to an earlier point in the show or film , find some inspiration and type in the correct password .
Just see the bit in Watchmen when they correctly guess Ozymandias ' password by finding a book on his desk .
It 's almost as if in Hollywood people are required to enter passwords that are both easy to guess and have some kind of obvious personal connection to the person .
And by no means ever should the password contain upper - and lower - case characters or numbers to make them harder to break .
8 . Online chats always display each character as its typed
If anyone in a film or TV show uses instant messaging , each character of a message is displayed as its typed .
Not only that , but the typing is always faster than fluent touch - typists can manage and no mistakes are ever made - not once is the backspace key pressed in the entire conversation .
No IM system in popular use does this because it makes it harder to edit a response , people can see your response as you edit it , and if you accidentally type something into the chat window , such as a password for your email account , you 've got time to delete it before the other person sees it .
7. Deleted files are removed from the screen
You know the point in the film .
The good guys have just got access to a computer and are looking at the secret files when suddenly the bad guy hacks into the computer and starts deleting files .
Not only are they gone from the hard disk , but they disappear from the application that they 're open in .
Our heroes look confused and start wildly typing away in an effort to stop the process .
However , not once do they think to turn the computer off and remove the hard disk or unplug it from the internet to stop the hacker from having any access to it .
In Hollywood there 's no such thing as an undelete utility so the files are apparently gone forever .
It 's enough to make you cry .
6. Viruses always do something visual
In real life if you get infected with a virus ( fake AV scams the exception to the rule ) , you wo n't notice anything bar the occasional fault and sometimes system resources being consumed .
The reason for this is that the hacker is after money by taking over your computer , so announcing their presence would be stupid .
It would be like a bank robber tunnelling into the vault only to run up to the banking floor during the lunchtime rush , waving and shouting at everyone about what they 're doing .
The things viruses do in films is always stupid .
They can display a skull and crossbones for no conceivable reason , or they may display a message saying something like " deleting files " .
In all cases , they leave the computer user looking confused before bashing their keyboard , trying to circumvent what the hacker 's doing .
^ Who needs security software , when viruses are so helpful ?
5. Computers have to be controlled by keyboard
Despite the fact that when computers are used in the real world , the keyboard is only used for the occasional shortcut or for actual typing , film and TV characters will only use the keyboard .
At stupid speeds .
Yep , that 's right , they put down the mouse and turn to the keyboard , wildly bashing at keys while windows pop up , move around and images are zoomed and enhanced .
A few more key presses later and the character will probably mutter something like , " I 'm opening a port now " or " I just need to bypass the encryption algorithm on the mainframe " or other completely meaningless and stupid phrases .
Oh , and they always have the most annoying , clicky mechanical keyboards of the type that would drive their co-workers completely mad .
4 . The good guys always use Macs
Macs are cool , good guys are cools , ergo good guys use Macs .
You 'll never see a bad guy pull out his gun , shoot a bus -load of nuns and then pull out his Mac Book Pro and send a message .
In particular , good - guy hackers will use a Mac , which seems unlikely as hackers are more likely to have a Linux computer and , failing that , the operating system that they 're most likely to attack : Windows .
3 . You can zoom and enhance any footage
This has long been the staple of the lazy writer ( particularly those working for CSI ) : a security camera or photo is put on a screen , someone asks for zone G4 to be zoomed and enhanced , then as if by magic stunning detail appears from nowhere and the criminal is identified .
For this system to work it either requires every camera and CCTV system to use Gigapixel resolutions , or such incredible computing technology that Hollywood could throw away all of its expensive HD cameras and shoot everything using £ 50 camcorders .
Bladerunner 's the film that started the craze , but the Red Dwarf parody brilliantly pilliorises it .
Video of Red Dwarf - CSI spoof
2. Screens must light up people 's faces
For some reason , Hollywood believes that when someone uses a monitor , it must without fail project its image over their face .
The power required for a monitor to do this would be immense - well , let 's face it , you 'd actually have to have a projector inside .
Can you imagine what this would do to your eyes if your monitor worked like this ?
You 'd definitely be blind .
Then there 's the question of privacy .
Sitting there with what you 're viewing plastered all over your face would give the game away to the point where even Internet Explorer 's InPrivate browsing would be entirely pointless .
1. Left long enough , a computer becomes intelligent
From V'ger in Star Trek the motion picture to Skynet in the Terminator films , Hollywood has this fascination that left turned on for long enough a computer will become sentient .
Usually this coincides with it becoming evil and devising a dastardly plan for wiping out humanity .
Quite why is beyond us - what would a computer do by itself anyway , aside from sitting in room by itself whirring away ?
This is complete nonsense .
Any computer left on permanently would suffer at least a few , if not all , of the following problems : mechanical failure ( hard disk / SSD , fans , power supply and so on ) , software crash ( operating system falling big time or some other bit of software just failing to work ) and overheating due to dust being sucked into the case .
The only thing that leaving a computer on will do is get you a massive electricity bill .
When Matthew Schiefer , a neural engineer at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland , Ohio , first managed to stimulate the leg of an unconscious volunteer by wrapping an electrode around a nerve bundle , he knew he was on to something .
Now , four years later , Schiefer has created a new kind of nerve- activating electrical interface that could allow people with paralyzed limbs to activate their legs with the push of a button .
Due to the coronavirus pandemic , Q+A has a reduced audience capacity .
Stay up - to - date with Q+A by registering your details below .
We ’ll let you know when audience seats become available where you live and keep you up to date with what ’s coming up on the show .
In the meantime , you can take part in Q+A each week by submitting a video question here .
Register to be part of the live studio audience
Fill out the form below if you 'd like to be part of the Q+A audience and you 've never registered before .
Please make sure you provide the following information as shown on your Current Photo ID .
You will be required to bring current photo ID to the program .
Your information will be confidential .
The questions below are to assist us in selecting a diverse and balanced audience .
We will contact you when we have availabilities .
Have you registered for the audience before ?
If you have already registered for Q+A , please do not register again .
We will contact you if we have availability .
We hope to see you soon .
With hundreds of thousands of downloads on BitTorrent just four days after its official release , Avatar is on its way to adding another title to its already impressive track record .
With a download rate that surpasses all previous Blu-ray titles , the film is on its way to becoming the most pirated Blu-ray film to date .
In 2007 Ice Age 2 was the first Blu-ray film to appear on BitTorrent .
At the time , the number of people who owned a Blu-ray player was still very low , and the 22 GB download was mostly seen as a curiosity .
Now , fast forward three years and Blu-ray has become mainstream .
Not only have sales skyrocketed , but also the number of unauthorized downloads on BitTorrent and other file - sharing networks .
Last week ’s store release of Avatar ’s Blu-ray version has been a breakthrough for the format .
In stores it sold millions of copies in just a few days , beating the previous records set by The Dark Knight in 2008 .
On BitTorrent we see a similar scenario .
With more than 200,000 downloads in the first four days , Avatar has squashed all competition .
The download figures are still quite low compared to those of ‘ regular ’ pirated DVDs – this could be in part due to the larger file size ( ~ 10GB ) and the fact that Blu-ray market penetration is nowhere near DVD levels yet .
Another interesting observation is that a relatively high percentage of downloads in the first few days came from the UK and Australia .
One of the reasons for this could be that these countries had a later release date which means that the pirated Blu-ray was available to them before the retail version hit the local stores .
Again , it seems that a lack of availability is one of the major forces driving BitTorrent users to download films .
Availability aside , DRM issues have reportedly prevented people from playing the disc in their Blu-ray player , so this could also have boosted download numbers a little .
Avatar has been an enormous success .
Piracy was rampant but it has not hindered a film that has broken nearly all sales records in motion picture history .
That must be somewhat reassuring for the film industry .
Feature Photo : author , Winter Sonata Photo : KBS
Wherever you are in the world , TV soap operas and serials exert a strange power over their viewers .
These four that have provoked a stir among fans , many of them in nations other than where they were produced .
Winter Sonata
Almost Shakespearean in its complexity , Winter Sonata follows the blossoming , or rather re-blossoming , relationship of former childhood sweethearts Joon - Sang ( Bae Yong - Joon ) and Yu - Jin ( Choi Ji-Woo ) .
Joon - Sang , who starts off as an introverted music student struggling to cope with the fact he was born out of wedlock , is involved in a car accident and suffers amnesia , erasing his memory of Yu- Jin .
He then moves with his mother to America where he grows up under a different name , while everyone back in South Korea , Yu - Jin included , is told he is dead
Things pick up ten years later when , as a successful architect , he returns to Korea .
As fate should have it , he turns out to be working for the same firm as Yu - Jin , who is by now engaged to someone else .
However , the viewer knows they are meant to be together , and slowly they realise it too .
The series was a hit in its home country of South Korea , but it became a runaway success when it reached the shores of Japan .
Aired in the early 2000s , Winter Sonata marked the beginning of the popularisation of Korean drama in Japan .
It sparked a proliferation of posters , books , CDs , DVDs across Asia , and perhaps less understandably an explosion in the popularity of winter fashion items , including the long woollen scarf sported by Joon - Sang throughout most of the series .
Photo : Star India
More than anything else , the series markedly improved the historically difficult relations between Korea and Japan , prompting an unprecedented interest in Korean language and culture and a surge in the number of Japanese heading to South Korea for their holidays , where they toured various Winter Sonata filming locations and held out the hope of meeting the stars .
Because a Mother - in - Law Was Also Once a Daughter - in - Law
Indian soaps have dominated television channels across the Asian subcontinent .
Following the fall of the Taliban , who mounted a campaign in the ’90s to smash up Kabul ’s TV sets , these TV shows have also drawn large audiences in Afghanistan .
One in particular , Because a Mother - in - Law Was Also Once a Daughter - in - Law ( Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi ) , which ended its run as the longest running serial on Indian television in 2008 , became hugely popular with Afghan audiences when it was picked up by Tolo TV , Afghanistan ’s first commercial broadcaster .
The show focuses on Tulsi , played for most ( though not all ) of the series by Indian TV actress Smriti Zubin Irani , who falls in love with and marries rich kid Mihir Virani .
The Virani family are mainly disapproving of the match and the soap follows the couple as Tulsi tries to win over her new family .
Islamic clerics in Afghanistan demanded the show be banned on moral grounds and because of the prominence of Hindu ritual and imagery , much of which is already censored on Afghan TV .
This move prompted angry viewers to take to the streets in the show ’s defence .
Snail House
Chinese TV series Snail House , also translated as the somewhat less catchy “ Dwelling Narrowness , ” garnered a sympathetic audience among China ’s urban middle class , but its popularity really came to light after a government official labelled it as “ vulgar ” and accused its writers of “ hyping porn jokes , corrupt officials and sex to woo viewers ” .
Broadcast in 2009 ,
The show was a success mainly for its realistic depiction of two young sisters struggling with housing price inflation in what appears to be Shanghai .
With house price inflation a major worry for Chinese urbanite – house prices rose 11.7 % in the last year – it is unsurprising the show hit a nerve .
But viewers also lauded the show for its depiction of government corruption ; one of the characters is forced to become the mistress of a corrupt official .
It was this that drew condemnation from the higher powers , including the angry outburst by Li Jingsheng , who rejoices in the title of Director General of the Department of Teleplay Administration under the State Administration of Radio , Film and Television .
Subsequently only 33 of the show ’s 35 episodes made it to the small screen and angry viewers mounted an online campaign against Li in an attempt to discredit him .
Noor
Turkish drama Noor , or Gümüs in Turkish , was popular at home in 2005 , but once dubbed into Arabic it won fans across the Arab world and has allegedly been behind a string of divorces by angry husbands and unsatisfied wives .
Set against the backdrop of Istanbul , the show charts what is initially a loveless arranged marriage between curly - haired heartthrob Muhannad ( Mehmet in Turkish ) , played by actor Kivanç Tatlitug , and poor - girl Noor , played by Songül Öden .
The marriage is rocky mainly because Muhannad struggles to deal with the fact that his true love was killed in the first episode in a tragic , albeit wholly avoidable , traffic accident .
But with each episode , he and Noor grow to love each other , and eventually have a child together .
The show appeared to strike a chord with couples across the Middle East , including in the Gulf where Dubai - based reported that the very onscreen chemistry that eventually brings Noor and Muhannad together has been behind several real - life marital splits .
Looking at Houstons ’s best performing housing segments , Townhomes are among the fastest growing housing segments in the city .
New construction townhomes and townhouses in the “ Under $ 250 K ” and “ Under $ 500 K ” categories are spurring this growth .
The appeal of owning a townhome stems from its smaller footprint , minimal maintenance , and affordability ( vs. single - family homes ) .
Growing demand sparked townhome development within Houston ’s hottest neighborhoods , including EaDo , Rice Military , Montrose , Midtown , Camp Logan , and the Houston Heights area .
There is a wide variety of Houston townhomes for sale , with prices depending on location , home size , and age of the home .
See all Houston townhomes by :
A coalition of NGOs who say they are fighting against the influence of the US Chamber of Commerce has called for the arrest of Don Blankenship , the CEO responsible for the West Virginia mine where 29 workers lost their lives last week .
In a press release on Monday , StopTheChamber.com said Blankenship was “ as criminally culpable as any mass murderer ” for the disaster at the Upper Big Branch mine in Montcoal , West Virginia , because he had systematically worked to avoid safety regulations .
ADVERTISEMENT
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ This was not an accident , but rather the result of deliberate and intentional decisions and actions of Don Blankenship , a director of the United States Chamber of Commerce , ” said Kevin Zeese , a founder of the liberal - oriented Velvet Revolution , which runs the StopTheChamber.com site .
“ Blankenship , with the lobbying arm of the Chamber to back him up , has thumbed his nose at the Mine Safety and Health Administration , ignoring or appealing every violation , including the scores that resulted in coal mine evacuations and the hundreds of other serious violations , ” Zeese said in a statement .
Zeese added , “ As the Washington Post pointed out in a Saturday editorial , these 29 deaths would not have occurred absent this intentional conduct of Blankenship .
He is just as criminally culpable as any mass murderer .
Ã¢â‚¬Â
On Friday , the New York Times reported that the mining industry has been able to skirt around an enhanced safety law from 2006 by filing multiple appeals against safety violation citations .
“ Armed with tougher federal mining laws passed in 2006 , federal investigators had new powers to crack down on mines with persistent violations , ” the Times reported .
“ But mining companies have been able to fend off this tougher regulatory approach by challenging more of the citations filed against them . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Among the groups supporting the StopTheChamber campaign include Democrats.com , Progressive Democrats of America , AfterDowningStreet , ePluribusMedia , BuzzFlash , the Center for Media and Democracy and the Yes Men .
On Saturday , the Washington Post used that fact as the basis for an editorial that asserted the mine disaster “ could have been averted . ”
Mr. Blankenship has been able to get around the tougher regulations implemented by the 2006 MINER Act by aggressively challenging safety violation citations .
Unresolved challenges were part of the reason the Upper Big Branch mine was removed from the “ potential pattern of violation ” list in 2007 .
Had this not happened , the Mine Safety and Health Administration would have had the power to shut down the mine until the problems were fixed .
ADVERTISEMENT
As Brad Johnson pointed out at ThinkProgress , Blankenship had a record of complaining about mining safety regulations .
Mining regulations are “ very difficult to comply with , ” Blankenship said in a 2009 interview .
There Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢s so many of the laws that are , if you will , nonsensical from an engineering or a coal mining viewpoint .
A lot of the politicians , they get emotional , as does the public , about the most recent accident , and itÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s easy to get laws on the books that are not truly helping the health or safety of coal miners . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
StopTheChamber.com was launched in the fall of 2009 as a reaction to what many progressive activists saw as an increasingly negative role being played by the US Chamber of Commerce in US politics .
In its inaugural statement , the group said it was forming “ to stop the US Chamber of Commerce from undermining health care , environmental protection , elections and big business regulation .
The coalition is asking the Department of Justice to conduct a criminal investigation into illegal conduct by the Chamber and is demanding that Chamber CEO Tom Donahue be fired . ”
The group ’s efforts have not gone unnoticed .
In December , following StopTheChamber taking out a “ warrant ” on Chamber CEO Donahue for $ 200,000 , conservative radio host Rush Limbaugh accused Velvet Revolution ’s Zeese of an attempt “ to dismantle the capitalist system and to criminalize those who are predominant in the free market , to criminalize their behavior . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
In its press release Monday , the group also called on all congressmembers to stop having contact with the Chamber of Commerce .
“ The Chamber and its directors have now been directly implicated in the homicide of 29 workers , ” the group said .
“ There can be no more business as usual . ”
This video of a speech by Don Blankenship was snipped by Think Progress .
HE ARRIVED in Houston with $ 500 in his pocket .
A man he met on the Greyhound bus gave him a room until he found his feet .
Zaher El - Ali , a Jordanian immigrant , worked hard and built up a small business renovating and selling cars and houses .
He is now a proud American citizen .
But , ridiculous though it sounds , his truck is in trouble with the law .
Six years ago , he sold a Chevy Silverado to a man who agreed to pay for it in instalments .
Before the truck was paid off , the buyer was arrested for drunken driving .
It was his third such arrest , so he was sent to prison and the police seized the truck .
Mr Ali applied to get it back .
He pointed out that he still held title to the vehicle , and that since the buyer had stopped making payments on it , he was entitled to reclaim it .
But the government refused .
In most states the police can seize property they suspect has been used to commit a crime .
Under “ civil asset forfeiture ” laws , they typically do not have to prove “ beyond a reasonable doubt ” that a crime was committed , or even charge anyone with an offence .
What is more , the money raised by auctioning seized houses , boats and cars is often used to boost the budgets of the police department that did the seizing .
That can mean fancier patrol cars , badass hardware or simply keeping the budget plump in lean times .
In one survey 40 % of police executives agreed that funds from civil - asset forfeiture were “ necessary as a budget supplement ” .
This conflict of interest has predictable consequences .
It spurs the police to pay more attention to cases that are likely to involve seizable assets ( such as drug busts ) and less attention to other ones .
A report from the Institute for Justice , a pressure group , calls it “ Policing for Profit ” .
An owner can usually challenge a seizure by arguing that he did not know his property was being used for criminal purposes .
But in 38 out of 50 states , the burden of proof is on him to prove his innocence .
In February Texas demanded to know from Mr Ali whether he had asked the buyer about his previous arrests for drunk driving — as if that were a car dealer 's responsibility .
It also demanded a sheaf of irrelevant documents , such as Mr Ali 's bank and tax records for the past two years .
Mr Ali's lawyer , Scott Bullock , argues that this is “ clearly designed to intimidate ” Mr Ali into giving up .
Instead , he is suing to have the Texas civil asset forfeiture law struck down .
Civil and criminal asset forfeiture laws are often confused .
Criminal forfeiture involves proven criminals .
A convicted bank robber may lose his getaway car ; a money - launderer may lose the house he bought with his illicit profits .
Civil forfeiture is different .
No conviction is necessary .
If the government suspects that property has been used in the commission of a crime , it files an action against the property itself .
This leads to odd case names , such as State of Texas v One 2004 Chevrolet Silverado ( Mr Ali 's case ) and United States v $ 10,500 .
Even in states where local rules make civil asset forfeiture hard , police can get around that problem by calling in the feds .
After a joint operation by state and federal authorities , the proceeds are split .
This is called “ equitable sharing ” .
Police respond to these incentives exactly as you would expect them to .
Where state law makes it tricky for them to seize property and hang on to it , they seize significantly more via “ equitable sharing ” , according to Marian Williams and Jeff Holcomb of Appalachian State University and Tomislav Kovandzic of the University of Texas , Dallas .
Total federal seizures have exploded from $ 400 m in 2001 to $ 1.3 billion in 2008 .
State data are patchier , but the trend appears to be sharply upward .
Police and prosecutors deny that the system is widely abused .
Scott Burns of the National District Attorneys Association says that elected sheriffs would be punished at the polls if they went around seizing property without good cause .
But the safeguards are slender .
For instance , police can find a wad of cash in a car , claim that the owner was planning to buy drugs with it , and then seize it .
The evidence may be simply that a dog smelled drugs ; yet one test found that a third of banknotes have traces of cocaine on them .
The poor are disproportionately at risk , since people without credit cards are more likely to carry cash .
And since the sum seized is often less than the legal costs of trying to get it back , many people never try .
By and large , the police do a dangerous job honourably .
But they are human , so giving them a financial incentive to seize people 's property is dotty .
Why should the money not be put in the general pot of public funds ?
And seizing a citizen 's assets without proving him guilty of anything is nakedly unjust .
To protect and serve
Relations between police and civilians in high - crime areas are already touchy .
When they fear being shot at , officers tend to burst into suspects ' homes with overwhelming force : there has been a 1,500 % increase in paramilitary police raids between the early 1980s and the beginning of this decade , reckons Peter Kraska of Eastern Kentucky University .
Bystanders are often handcuffed at gunpoint , as happened to one of Lexington 's blameless friends a few weeks ago in Washington , DC .
Innocents are occasionally killed , as happened to a seven - year - old girl in Detroit on May 16th .
Paramilitary police raids make sense if a suspect is known to be armed and dangerous , but are often used simply to execute search warrants for drugs .
Public confidence in the police is higher in America than in many other countries , but among the groups who come into most frequent contact with them , such as black Americans , it is low .
If the police want more co-operation from the civilians they serve , they need to keep their guns holstered more of the time , and their hands out of other people 's pockets .
Economist.com/blogs/lexington
SYDNEY ( Hollywood Reporter ) - The Jim Henson Company is to partner with Australian production outfit Omnilab Media to make “ Power of the Dark Crystal , ” a sequel to Henson ’s 1982 fantasy hit “ The Dark Crystal , ” the companies confirmed Wednesday .
“ Daybreakers ” directors Peter and Michael Spierig will helm the film , which is to be made in stereoscopic 3D with a mix of live action and Henson puppetry , and is being billed as one of the most ambitious projects ever to be made in Australia .
“ Power of the Dark Crystal ” will be produced by the Australia - based production arm of Omnilab Media , Ambience Entertainment , while Omnilab - owned special effects house Illoura will work on the CGI elements of the film .
Set hundreds of years after the events of the first movie , when the world has once again fallen into darkness , “ Power of the Dark Crystal ” follows the adventures of a mysterious girl made of fire who , together with a Gelfling outcast , steals a shard of the legendary crystal in an attempt to reignite the dying sun that exists at the center of the planet .
The screenplay was written by Craig Pearce based on an original script by Annette Duffy and David Odell .
Fantasy artist Brian Froud will reprise his role as conceptual designer of the film .
Since cancer left Roger Ebert without the means to speak , he 's been talking through a computer with a generic intonation .
Today on Oprah , Ebert revealed his new voice by CereProc , resourcefully programmed from Ebert 's TV appearances and DVD commentaries .
Advertisement
Later in the show ( not captured here ) , Ebert walked us through his Oscar picks .
For the most part , the digital voice was still fairly robotic .
No one is going to be mistaking this early computer rendition for the original — not yet .
But there were moments — simple syllables and phonemes — that were unmistakably his own , being rendered in real time .
As you can see , it was enough to bring tears to his wife 's eyes .
Advertisement
What a world we live in .
[ Oprah ]
Someone was asking how they could help with Metacity .
Here are some thoughts .
Why it ’s important .
Metacity is ( for now ) the official window manager of the GNOME desktop .
Even though Metacity supports compositing , one of its strengths is that it can also run in a non-composited mode : plenty of people run Metacity who ca n’t or do n’t want to run a compositing window manager .
Then there are the people who use Metacity in compositing mode because they prefer it that way , often because Metacity ’s maturity gives it the edge over other window managers .
Even after Mutter becomes the official window manager , Metacity will remain important : the core of Metacity is the core of Mutter .
Things you should read .
What needs doing .
Metacity is a mature system , coming up to its ninth birthday , so there is n’t much new development to deal with .
Day - to - day work falls into one of these categories :
Triaging new bugs .
A bug is either a report of breakage or a request for an enhancement .
Bugzilla will show you a summary of current bugs .
There are a lot of them .
For reports of breakage , writing patches .
This is really important .
If you ’re looking for something to work on , try searching for the “ gnome - love ” keyword in Bugzilla .
This is used to mark bugs which are particularly suited to being fixed by newcomers to the project .
There are currently six of them .
For enhancement requests , deciding whether they should go in or not .
Usually the answer is “ not ” ( see Havoc ’s policy document ) .
This kind of bug has traditionally been discussed in a “ bug of the day ” feature here on the blog , but this took more time to write than it took to fix bugs , and so it ’s been quiet recently .
For enhancement requests which should go in , writing patches .
Reviewing those patches and deciding whether they should be committed .
Making releases .
New developments .
But if it ’s new development you want , you might be interested in helping out with :
Mutter .
This is the forthcoming window manager and desktop system for GNOME 3 .
It uses Metacity as its core .
Cowbell .
This is an attempt to reform the recondite window border theme system into CSS , which is much simpler to understand .
This is stalled for the moment for lack of time and direction .
Photo © Chris Dixon , cc - by - nc-nd .
Sinatra 1.0 Released : Major Milestone for Ruby ’s Best Webapp DSL
By Peter Cooper
In November 2007 , we casually mentioned a new Ruby webapp library called Sinatra .
It took a year to capture the imagination of the Ruby community as a whole and we eventually covered it in more depth but today we 're proud to ( exclusively ) announce that Sinatra has today reached its landmark 1.0 release !
Impromptu release party in the official # sinatra channel on irc.freenode.net , anyone ? :-)
Sinatra is well known in the Ruby community for providing developers with a simple way to put together Web apps big and small .
The canonical ultra-simple example :
require ' rubygems ' require ' sinatra ' get ' / hi ' do " Hello World ! "
end
Sinatra 's lead developers — Ryan Tomayko , Simon Rozet , and Blake Mizerany — have done a great job , along with about 50 other contributors , to produce a slick and powerful Web application DSL for Rubyists .
Their ideas have even inspired similar frameworks in other languages ( such as Sammy in JavaScript ) .
Satish Talim put together a great piece , 20 + Rubyists are using Sinatra -
Do you ? , last year that got a good feel for how Sinatra 's being used for Web apps both big and small by a collection of Rubyists .
What 's New ?
As an avid user of Sinatra 0.9 , I asked Blake Mizerany what the biggest changes were going to 1.0 :
I think the biggest changes are what we cleaned up .
Tilt is a great new under - the - hood addition .
Sinatra has matured ; we 're done messing around .
It 's super solid .
The extension API has matured to something really killer .
Extensions are ridiculously simple to create now - you can easily install helper methods , DSL methods , and install new routes on apps , and the user need only require ' sinatra / your - extension ' - that 's it .
Unsurprisingly , the official changelog also provides useful information to existing Sinatra developers .
A more significant longer - term change for Sinatra over the past year has been in how it integrates with Rack .
In Sinatra Rack And Middleware , Ben Schwarz looks at how Sinatra interacts with Rack and how you can use Rack 's middleware and multi-application features with Sinatra .
A key aspect of this is the ability to produce " modular " Sinatra applications by subclassing Sinatra : : Base to separate discrete applications or application portions :
require ' rubygems ' require ' sinatra / base ' class MyApp < Sinatra :: Base get '/ ' do " Hello world ! " end end
And then , in a Rackup file :
require ' my_app ' run MyApp
Installing and Trying Sinatra
If you 're not yet using Sinatra and want to give it a quick try , you can install it with RubyGems :
gem install sinatra
Put the following basic example into a file , say example.rb :
require ' rubygems ' require ' sinatra ' get ' / hi ' do " Hello World ! "
end
Then run the Ruby file in the usual way , and a request to http://localhost:4567/hi should get you a " Hello World ! " response .
Learn More Online and on IRC
The examples shown above are as basic as Sinatra gets , but it goes a lot deeper than that ( such as embedding Sinatra apps inside Rails apps ) and the Sinatra Web site has some great code examples of where you can go next .
There 's also solid documentation available and if you want to take a look at lots of existing Sinatra projects to get a feel for the patterns and techniques involved , there 's a great list of Sinatra apps and extensions too .
About Us
Barkan & Barkan Co. , L.P.A. has represented thousands of clients since its inception in 1957 and has over the past seven years , through its collection division , established itself as a leader in the area of debt recovery .
The collections team at Barkan & Barkan has worked with clients across all 88 Ohio counties and many of our State Agencies and Departments .
The State of Ohio by virtue of our appointment by Attorney General Dave Yost as Special Counsel for collections is our primary client .
It is our belief that reaching out to debtors to assist them in taking responsibility for as well as paying their legal debts is a better route than to threaten Court action .
The expertise of our asset managers , under the supervision of our experienced Attorneys clarify our client 's legal rights to payment .
This is done through pre-suit collection letters issued by our law firm to communicate the critical point a delinquent account has reached .
All incoming telephone and fax contacts generated by our correspondences are managed within our firm under the direction of Attorneys , not by a third party .
We have found that we better serve the interest of our client when we negotiate acceptable payment arrangements taking into consideration the debtors ’ circumstances , rather than immediately initiating litigation .
However , when necessary , we will be prepared to litigate to protect our client ’s interests .
The combination of our highly skilled professionals , investment in cutting edge technology , affiliation with trade associations , in addition to servicing our client ’s individual needs has been the key to our success in the highly competitive field of debt recovery .
CLIENTS
The following is a partial list of creditors rights clients .
Scientists have created a never - before seen type of exoticmatter that is thought to have been present at the earliest stages of theuniverse , right after the Big Bang .
The new matter is a particularly weird form of antimatter , which is like a mirror - image of regular matter .
Every normal particle isthought to have an antimatter partner , and if the two come into contact , theyannihilate .
The recent feat of matter - tinkering was accomplished bysmashing charged gold atoms at each other at super - high speeds in a particleaccelerator called the Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider at the U.S. Department of Energy ?s ( DOE ) Brookhaven National Laboratory in Upton , N.Y .
Among the many particles that resulted from this crash werebizarre objects called anti-hypertritons .
Not only are these things antimatter , but they 're also what 's called strange matter .
Where normal atomic nuclei aremade of protons and neutrons ( which are made of " up " quarks and " down " quarks ) , strange nuclei also have so - called Lambda particlesthat contain another flavor of quark called " strange " as well .
TheseLambda particles orbit around the protons and neutrons .
If all that is a little much to straighten out , just thinkof anti-hypertritons as several kinds of weird .
Though they normally do n't exist on Earth , these particlesmay be hiding in the universe in very hot , dense places like the centers ofsome stars , and most likely were around when the universe was extremely youngand energetic , and all the matter was packed into a very small , swelteringspace .
" This is the first time they ?ve ever been created in a laboratoryor a situation where they can be studied , " said researcher Carl Gagliardiof Texas A&M University .
" We don ? t have anti-nuclei sitting around ona shelf that we can use to put anti-strangeness into .
Only a few anti-nucleihave been observed so far . "
These particles were n't around for too long , though ?
infact , they did n't last long enough to collide with normal matter andannihilate .
Instead they just decayed after a fraction of a billionth of asecond .
" That sounds like a really short time , but in fact onthe nuclear clock it 's actually a long time , " Gagliardi told SPACE.com .
"
In that fraction of a billionth of a second that Lambda particle has alreadygone around the nucleus as many times as the Earth has gone around the sun sincethe solar system was created . "
This weekend 's attempted Times Square bombing reminded us of the dangers of " the workhorse of urban terrorism " — the car bomb .
Mike Davis gave TomDispatch this history of the first modern car bomb , mere miles from Times Square .
— Ed .
Advertisement
Buda 's Wagon ( 1920 )
" You have shown no pity to us !
We will do likewise .
We will dynamite you !
— Anarchist warning ( 1919 )
Advertisement
On a warm September day in 1920 , a few months after the arrest of his comrades Sacco and Vanzetti , a vengeful Italian anarchist named Mario Buda parked his horse - drawn wagon near the corner of Wall and Broad Streets , directly across from J. P. Morgan Company .
He nonchalantly climbed down and disappeared , unnoticed , into the lunchtime crowd .
A few blocks away , a startled postal worker found strange leaflets warning : " Free the Political Prisoners or it will be Sure Death for All of You ! "
They were signed : " American Anarchist Fighters . "
The bells of nearby Trinity Church began to toll at noon .
When they stopped , the wagon — packed with dynamite and iron slugs — exploded in a fireball of shrapnel .
" The horse and wagon were blown to bits , " writes Paul Avrich , the celebrated historian of American anarchism who uncovered the true story .
" Glass showered down from office windows , and awnings twelve stories above the street burst into flames .
People fled in terror as a great cloud of dust enveloped the area .
In Morgan 's offices , Thomas Joyce of the securities department fell dead on his desk amid a rubble of plaster and walls .
Outside scores of bodies littered the streets . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Buda was undoubtedly disappointed when he learned that J.P. Morgan himself was not among the 40 dead and more than 200 wounded — the great robber baron was away in Scotland at his hunting lodge .
Nonetheless , a poor immigrant with some stolen dynamite , a pile of scrap metal , and an old horse had managed to bring unprecedented terror to the inner sanctum of American capitalism .
His Wall Street bomb was the culmination of a half - century of anarchist fantasies about avenging angels made of dynamite ; but it was also an invention , like Charles Babbage 's Difference Engine , far ahead of the imagination of its time .
Only after the barbarism of strategic bombing had become commonplace , and when air forces routinely pursued insurgents into the labyrinths of poor cities , would the truly radical potential of Buda 's " infernal machine " be fully realized .
Advertisement
Buda 's wagon was , in essence , the prototype car bomb : the first use of an inconspicuous vehicle , anonymous in almost any urban setting , to transport large quantities of high explosive into precise range of a high - value target .
It was not replicated , as far as I have been able to determine , until January 12 , 1947 when the Stern Gang drove a truckload of explosives into a British police station in Haifa , Palestine , killing 4 and injuring 140 .
The Stern Gang ( a pro-fascist splinter group led by Avraham Stern that broke away from the right - wing Zionist paramilitary Irgun ) would soon use truck and car bombs to kill Palestinians as well : a creative atrocity immediately reciprocated by British deserters fighting on the side of Palestinian nationalists .
Vehicle bombs thereafter were used sporadically — producing notable massacres in Saigon ( 1952 ) , Algiers ( 1962 ) , and Palermo ( 1963 ) — but the gates of hell were only truly opened in 1972 , when the Provisional Irish Republican Army ( IRA ) accidentally , so the legend goes , improvised the first ammonium nitrate - fuel oil ( ANFO ) car bomb .
These new - generation bombs , requiring only ordinary industrial ingredients and synthetic fertilizer , were cheap to fabricate and astonishingly powerful : they elevated urban terrorism from the artisanal to the industrial level , and made possible sustained blitzes against entire city centers as well as the complete destruction of ferro - concrete skyscrapers and residential blocks .
Advertisement
The car bomb , in other words , suddenly became a semi-strategic weapon that , under certain circumstances , was comparable to airpower in its ability to knock out critical urban nodes and headquarters as well as terrorize the populations of entire cities .
Indeed , the suicide truck bombs that devastated the U.S. embassy and Marine barracks in Beirut in 1983 prevailed — at least in a geopolitical sense — over the combined firepower of the fighter - bombers and battleships of the U.S. Sixth Fleet and forced the Reagan administration to retreat from Lebanon .
Advertisement
Hezbollah 's ruthless and brilliant use of car bombs in Lebanon in the 1980s to counter the advanced military technology of the United States , France , and Israel soon emboldened a dozen other groups to bring their insurgencies and jihads home to the metropolis .
Some of the new - generation car bombers were graduates of terrorism schools set up by the CIA and Pakistani intelligence ( the ISI ) , with Saudi financing , in the mid-1980s to train mujahedin to terrorize the Russians then occupying Kabul .
Between 1992 and 1998 , 16 major vehicle bomb attacks in 13 different cities killed 1,050 people and wounded nearly 12,000 .
More importantly from a geopolitical standpoint , the IRA and Gama 'a al - Islamiyya inflicted billions of dollars of damage on the two leading control - centers of the world economy — the City of London ( 1992 , 1993 , and 1996 ) and lower Manhattan ( 1993 ) — and forced a reorganization of the global reinsurance industry .
Advertisement
In the new millennium , 85 years after that first massacre on Wall Street , car bombs have become almost as generically global as iPods and HIV - AIDS , cratering the streets of cities from Bogota to Bali .
Suicide truck bombs , once the distinctive signature of Hezbollah , have been franchised to Sri Lanka , Chechnya / Russia , Turkey , Egypt , Kuwait , and Indonesia .
On any graph of urban terrorism , the curve representing car bombs is rising steeply , almost exponentially .
U.S. - occupied Iraq , of course , is a relentless inferno with more than 9,000 casualties — mainly civilian — attributed to vehicle bombs in the two - year period between July 2003 and June 2005 .
Since then , the frequency of car - bomb attacks has dramatically increased : 140 per month in the fall of 2005 , 13 in Baghdad on New Year 's Day 2006 alone .
If roadside bombs or IEDs are the most effective device against American armored vehicles , car bombs are the weapon of choice for slaughtering Shiite civilians in front of mosques and markets and instigating an apocalyptic sectarian war .
Under siege from weapons indistinguishable from ordinary traffic , the apparatuses of administration and finance are retreating inside " rings of steel " and " green zones , " but the larger challenge of the car bomb seems intractable .
Stolen nukes , Sarin gas , and anthrax may be the " sum of our fears , " but the car bomb is the quotidian workhorse of urban terrorism .
Before considering its genealogy , however , it may be helpful to summarize those characteristics that make Buda 's wagon such a formidable and undoubtedly permanent source of urban insecurity .
Advertisement
First , vehicle bombs are stealth weapons of surprising power and destructive efficiency .
Trucks , vans , or even SUVs can easily transport the equivalent of several conventional 1,000 - pound bombs to the doorstep of a prime target .
Advertisement
Moreover , their destructive power is still evolving , thanks to the constant tinkering of ingenious bomb - makers .
We have yet to face the full horror of semi- trailer - sized explosions with a lethal blast range of 200 yards or of dirty bombs sheathed in enough nuclear waste to render mid-Manhattan radioactive for generations .
Second , they are extraordinarily cheap : 40 or 50 people can be massacred with a stolen car and maybe $ 400 of fertilizer and bootlegged electronics .
Ramzi Yousef , the mastermind of the 1993 attack on the World Trade Center , bragged that his most expensive outlay was in long - distance phone calls .
The explosive itself ( one half ton of urea ) cost $ 3,615 plus the $ 59 per day rental for a ten - foot - long Ryder van .
In contrast , the cruise missiles that have become the classic American riposte to overseas terrorist attacks cost $ 1.1 million each .
Advertisement
Third , car bombings are operationally simple to organize .
Although some still refuse to believe that Timothy McVeigh and Terry Nichols did n't have secret assistance from a government or dark entity , two men in the proverbial phone booth — a security - guard and a farmer — successfully planned and executed the horrendous Oklahoma City bombing with instructional books and information acquired from the gun -show circuit .
Fourth , like even the ' smartest ' of aerial bombs , car bombs are inherently indiscriminate : " Collateral damage " is virtually inevitable .
If the logic of an attack is to slaughter innocents and sow panic in the widest circle , to operate a " strategy of tension , " or just demoralize a society , car bombs are ideal .
But they are equally effective at destroying the moral credibility of a cause and alienating its mass base of support , as both the IRA and the ETA in Spain have independently discovered .
The car bomb is an inherently fascist weapon .
Advertisement
Fifth , car bombs are highly anonymous and leave minimal forensic evidence .
Buda quietly went home to Italy , leaving William Burns , J. Edgar Hoover , and the Bureau of Investigation ( later , to be renamed the FBI ) to make fools of themselves as they chased one false lead after another for a decade .
Most of Buda 's descendants have also escaped identification and arrest .
Anonymity , in addition , greatly recommends car bombs to those who like to disguise their handiwork , including the CIA , the Israeli Mossad , the Syrian GSD , the Iranian Pasdaran , and the Pakistani ISI — all of whom have caused unspeakable carnage with such devices .
Advertisement
This article was a preliminary sketch , edited by Michael Sorkin , that became the book Buda 's Wagon : A Brief History of the Car Bomb .
Both Part One and Part Two can be read on TomDispatch.com — an online journal that provides " a deeper understanding of our post - 9/11 world and a clear sense of how our imperial globe actually works . "
Advertisement
Mike Davis is the author of The Moster At Our Door : The Global Threat Of Avian Flu ( The New Press ) and Planet of Slums ( Verso ) .
He lives in San Diego
Photo Credit : taringa.net , Mario Tama / Getty Images , Wathiq Khuzaie / Getty Images , Courtney Kealy / Getty Images , BelfastTelegraph.com
The firestorm over Facebook 's rapidly shrinking privacy protections shows no sign of abating , but you would n't know it by listening to Facebook .
According to them , the vast majority of users are totally sanguine with the social network 's increasingly generous data sharing policies - it 's just us cranks in the press who are bitching and moaning .
Ethan Beard , director of Facebook 's developer network , had this to say in an interview with Computerworld 's Sharon Gaudin :
" I think the response from users that we 've seen from the products we launched at [ Facebook 's F8 developer conference late last month ] has been quite positive .
People are actively opting - in to engage with the social Web .
The response from users speaks very , very loudly that they love what we 're doing .
I think there 's a lot of other talk that 's not coming from users necessarily .
There 's been a lot of interest from the media , from organizations and officials .
But to be honest , the user response has been overwhelmingly positive . "
Beard stopped short of accusing the media of inventing this controversy , but you know it 's what he was implying .
Meanwhile , the ever bubbly Robert Scoble thinks the privacy controversy is much ado about nothing .
" I have always set my Facebook to the most public setting possible .
Whoa ?!?
Here 's the deal : I wish Facebook had NO PRIVACY AT ALL !
That 's called the open web .
I wish Google could index every word I write on Facebook .
Hint , it can't .
The thing I hate about Facebook is that people who want to see my profile can't .
Even now only 5,000 of you can look at my Facebook profile .
That 's lame .
I want to live my life in public .
Why ?
Because that way none of you can exploit me more than any other . "
Remember , this is a guy who wrote a book called " Naked Conversations " and promoted it by posing nude for publicity photos .
Trust me , you do n't want to see Robert Scoble naked ( unless your name is Mrs. Robert Scoble -- and even then I 'm betting probably not ) .
He 's the last human on the planet I 'd ever consult about privacy issues .
Frankly you 'd get better advice from a stripper .
The fact is , Facebook has steadily - and quite deliberately - carved away at the privacy protections its service was originally founded upon .
It has essentially created a bait - and - switch scam : promising one thing but delivering something entirely different .
IBM researcher Matt McKeon created an amazing graphic that shows in dramatic fashion just how much control Facebook has gradually assumed over its users ' information every year since 2005 .
The blue bits in the following screenshot represent how much of your information Facebook shared ( and with whom ) back in 2005 .
Back then , if someone was n't a member of your network ( typically the place you lived or went to school ) they could n't see your profile or access much information about you at all .
Here 's the current state of Facebook information sharing today .
Feeling blue yet ?
In other words , if you joined Facebook in 2005 , most of the stuff you thought you were sharing only with your closest college buddies is now being shared amongst the entire InterWebs .
Let me put it another way .
Say you have a very rich , very generous friend .
This friend owns many apartment buildings .
One day he offers you the use of one of his buildings , free of charge , and encourages you to invite your friends to join you .
It 's not exactly the Hugh Hefner Suite at the Palms , but hey , it 's a free apartment .
There 's only one condition :
He reserves the right to enter the unit as needed .
He promises to not do it very often and give plenty of notice .
If you do n't like it , of course , you 're free to move elsewhere .
The next year , the owner adds a new condition .
Not only can he enter the apartment , he can also bring a few friends .
Again , he wo n't do it very often , and if you do n't like it you 're free to leave whenever you like .
The year after that , the owner reserves the right to enter the apartment on a regular basis and throw a huge party for all his friends .
You and your friends are also invited , of course .
Do n't like it ?
Well , you know how to find the door .
The next year the owner tells you he 's planning to throw parties pretty much all the time .
And he 's told his friends they should feel free to go through all your stuff .
You 'll be able to keep some of your stuff private by locking it in a closet , but the closet is small and hidden in a crawlspace , so you may have trouble finding it .
But he assures you he 's only doing this because deep down inside he knows you really want him to let a bunch of strangers paw through your stuff , even if you 've never said anything remotely like that .
Also , he gets paid every time someone finds something of yours they like .
Is it time to move yet ?
Yes , Facebook is free .
Yes , it offers many unique and useful services , as well as a lot of useless dreck .
Yes , it needs to generate revenue for these free services .
But what Facebook is offering now is n't what most of us signed up for .
This is n't the original agreement .
It 's mutated , and not in a survival - of - the - fittest way -- more like a ‘ slime mold that 's threatening to eat the earth ' kind of way .
The future does not bode well .
Also :
You want to live your life in public , Bob , you go right ahead .
But please , spare us the pictures .
Author Dan Tynan blah blah Facebook blah blah Twitter blah blah blah temporary restraining order blah blah thrown out for lack of evidence .
Follow his other shenanigans on Twitter ( @tynan_on_tech ) or his award - winning geek humor site , eSarcasm .
Sign up for ITworld 's Daily newsletter
Follow ITworld on Twitter @ITworld
This story , " How Facebook Pulled a Privacy Bait and Switch " was originally published by ITworld .
11 min read
Formatting code often depends on many different things .
Each programming language has its own syntax , and some languages rely on formatting like indentation more than others .
In some cases , the programmer is following style guidelines given by an employer so that code can follow the company - wide style .
So , how should Vim know how you want your code to be formatted ?
The short answer is that it should n’t !
But by being flexible , Vim can let you set up exactly how you want your formatting done .
However , the fact is that even though formatting differs , most styles of formatting follow the same basic rules .
This means that in reality , you only have to change the things that differ .
In most cases , the changes can be handled by changing a range of settings in Vim .
Among these , there are a few especially worth mentioning :
Formatoptions :
This setting holds formatting - specific settings ( see : help ‘ fo ’ )
: This setting holds formatting - specific settings ( see ) Comments :
What are comments and how they should be formatted ( see : help ‘ co ’ )
: What are comments and how they should be formatted ( see ) ( no ) expandtab : Convert tabs to spaces ( see :help ‘ expandtab ’ )
: Convert tabs to spaces ( see ) Softtabstop :
How many spaces a single tab is converted to ( see : help ‘ sts ’ )
: How many spaces a single tab is converted to ( see ) Tabstop :
How many spaces a tab looks like ( see : help ‘ ts ’ )
With these options , you can set nearly every aspect of how Vim will indent your code , and whether it should use spaces or tabs for indentation .
But this is not enough because you still have to tell Vim if it should actually try to do the indentation for you , or if you want to do it manually .
It you want Vim to do the indentation for you , you have the choice between four different ways for Vim to do it .
In the following sections , we will look at the options you can set to interact with the way Vim indents code .
Autoindent
Autoindent is the simplest way of getting Vim to indent your code .
It simply stays at the same indentation level as the previous line .
So , if the current line is indented with four spaces , then the new line you add by pressing Enter will automatically be indented with four spaces too .
It is then up to you as to how and when the indentation level needs to change again .
This type of indentation is particularly good for languages where the indentation stays the same for several lines in a row .
You get autoindent by using : set , autoindent , or : set ai .
Smartindent
Smartindent is the next step when you want a smarter indent than autoindent .
It still gives you the indentation from the previous line , but you do n’t have to change the indentation level yourself .
Smartindent recognizes the most common structures from the C programming language and uses this as a marker for when to add / remove the indentation levels .
As many languages are loosely based on the same syntax as C , this will work for those languages as well .
You get smart indent by using any of the following commands :
: set smartindent
: set si
Cindent
Cindent is often called clever indent or configurable indent because it is more configurable than the previous two indentation methods .
You have access to three different setup options :
cinkeys
This option contains a comma-separated list of keys that Vim should use to change the indentation level .
An example could be : : set cinkeys = ” 0{ , 0},0 # , : ” , which means that it should reindent whenever it hits a { , a } or a # as the first character on the line , or if you use : as the last character on the line ( as used in switch constructs in many languages ) .
The default value for cinkeys is “ 0{ , 0} , 0 ) , : , 0 # , ! ^F , o , O , and e ” .
See : help cinkeys for more information on what else you can set in this option .
cinoptions
This option contains all the special options you can set specifically for cindent .
A large range of options can be set in this comma-separated list .
An example could be : set cinoptions = ” > 2, {3,}3 ″ , which means that we want Vim to add two extra spaces to the normal indent length , and we want to place { and } three spaces as compared to the previous line .
So , if we have a normal indent to be four spaces , then the previous example could result in the code looking like this ( dot marks represent a space ) : if ( a == b ) …{ …… print “ hello ” ; …} The default value for cinoptions is this quite long string : “ > s, e0,n0 , f0 , {0,}0 , ^0 , :s , =s, l0 , b0 , gs , hs , ps , ts , is , +s , c3 , C0,/0 , ( 2s,us, U0 ,w0 , W0, m0 , j0,) 20,*30 ” .
See : help ‘ cinoptions ’ for more information on all the options .
cinwords
This option contains all the special keywords that will make Vim add indentation on the next line .
An example could be : : set cinwords = ” if , else , do , while , for , switch ” , which is also the default value for this option .
See : help ‘ cinwords ’ for more information .
Indentexpr
Indentexpr is the most flexible indent option to use , but also the most complex .
When used , indentexpr evaluates an expression to compute the indent of a line .
Hence , you have to write an expression that Vim can evaluate .
You can activate this option by simply setting it to a specific expression such as :
: set indentexpr=MyIndenter ( )
Here , MyIndenter ( ) is a function that computes the indentation for the lines it is executed on .
A very simple example could be a function that emulates the autoindent option :
function ! MyIndenter ( )
" Find previous line and get its indentation
let prev_lineno = s:prevnonblank ( v:lnum )
let ind = indent ( prev_lineno )
return ind
endfunction
Adding just a bit more functionality than this , the complexity increases quite fast .
Vim comes with a lot of different indent expressions for many programming languages .
These can serve as inspiration if you want to write your own indent expression .
You can find them in the indent folder in your VIMHOME .
You can read more about how to use indentexpr in : help ‘ indentexpr ’ and : help ‘ indent - expression ’ .
Fast code - block formatting
After you have configured your code formatting , you might want to update your code to follow these settings .
To do so , you simply have to tell Vim that it should reindent every single line in the file from the first line to the last .
This can be done with the following Vim command :
1G=G
If we split it up , it simply says :
1G : Go to the first line of the file ( alternatively you can use gg )
= : Equalize lines ; in other words , indent according to formatting configuration
G : Go to the last line in the file ( tells Vim where to end indenting )
You could easily map this command to a key in order to make it easily accessible :
: nmap 1G=G
:imap 1G=Ga
The last a is to get back into the insert mode as this was where we originally were .
So , now you can just press the F11 key in order to reindent the entire buffer correctly .
Note that if you have a programmatic error , for example , missing a semicolon at the end of a line in a C program , the file will not be correctly indented from that point on in the buffer .
This can sometimes be useful to identify where a scope is not closed correctly ( for example , a { not closed with a } ) .
Sometimes , you might just want to format smaller blocks of code .
In those cases , you typically have two options — use the natural scope blocks in the code , or select a block of code in the visual mode and indent it .
The last one is simple .
Go into the visual mode with , for example , Shift+v and then press = to reindent the lines .
When it comes to using code blocks on the other hand , there are several different ways to do it .
In Vim , there are multiple ways to select a block of code .
So in order to combine a command that indents a code block , we need to look at the different types and the commands to select them :
i{ Inner block , which means everything between { and } excluding the brackets .
This can also be selected with i} and iB .
a{ A block , which means all the code between { and } including the brackets .
This can also be selected with a} and aB. i(
Inner parenthesis , meaning everything between ( and ) excluding the parentheses .
Can also be selected with i ) and ib .
a( A parentheses , meaning everything between ( and ) including the parenthesis .
Can also be selected with a ) and ab.
i Inner > block , meaning everything between excluding the brackets .
Can also be selected with i>. a A > block , meaning everything between including the brackets .
Can also be selected with a >. i[ Inner [ ] block , meaning everything between [ and ] excluding the square brackets .
Can also be selected with i ] . a[ A [ ] block , meaning everything between [ and ] , including the square brackets .
This can also be selected with a ] .
So , we have defined what Vim sees a block of code as ; now , we simply have to tell it what to do with the block .
In our case , we want to reindent the code .
We already know that = can do this .
So , an example of a code block reindentation could look like this :
=i{
Let ’s execute the code block reindentation in the following code ( | being the place where the cursor is ) :
if ( a == b )
{
print | " a equals b " ;
}
This would produce the following code ( with default C format settings ) :
if ( a == b )
{
print | " a equals b " ;
}
If , on the other hand , we choose to use a { as the block we are working on , then the resulting code would look like this :
if ( a == b )
{
print " a equals b " ;
}
As you can see in the last piece of code , the =a{ command corrects the indentation of both the brackets and the print line .
In some cases where you work in a code block with multiple levels of code blocks , you might want to reindent the current block and maybe the surrounding one .
No worries , Vim has a fast way to do this .
If , for instance , you want to reindent the current code block and besides that want to reindent the block that surrounds it , you simply have to execute the following command while the cursor is placed in the innermost block :
= 2i {
This simply tells
Vim that you will equalize / reindent two levels of inner blocks counting from the “ active ” block and out .
You can replace the number 2 with any number of levels of code blocks you want to reindent .
Of course , you can also swap the inner block command with any of the other block commands , and that way select exactly what you want to reindent .
So , this is really all it takes to get your code to indent according to the setup you have .
Auto format pasted code
The trend among programmers tells us that we tend to reuse parts of our code , or so - called patterns .
This could mean that you have to do a lot of copying and pasting of code .
Most users of Vim have experienced what is often referred to as the stair effect when pasting code into a file .
This effect occurs when Vim tries to indent the code as it inserts it .
This often results in each new line to be indented to another level , and you ending up with a stair :
code line 1
code line 2
codeline 3
code line 4
...
The normal workaround for this is to go into the paste - mode in Vim , which is done by using :
: set paste
After pasting your code , you can now go back to your normal insert mode again :
: set nopaste
But what if there was another workaround ?
What if Vim could automatically indent the pasted code such that it is indented according to the rest of the code in the file ?
Vim can do that for you with a simple paste command .
p=` ]
This command simply combines the normal paste command ( p ) with a command that indents the previously inserted lines ( =` ] ) .
It actually relies on the fact that when you paste with p ( lowercase ) , the cursor stays on the first character of the pasted text .
This is combined with ` ] , which takes you to the last character of the latest inserted text and gives you a motion across the pasted text from the first line to the last .
So , all you have to do now is map this command to a key and then use this key whenever you paste a piece of code into your file .
Using external formatting tools
Even though experienced Vim users often say that Vim can do everything , this is of course not the truth — but is close .
For those things that Vim ca n’t do , it is smart enough to be able to use external tools .
In the following sections , we will take a look at some of the most used external tools that can be used for formatting your code , and how to use them .
Ruminants — those that graze on grass and fibrous plant , partially digest them , and then re-chew the cud —rely on a host of naturally occurring bacteria to aid in the digestion of their meal .
One group of microbes that helps this process is known as the hyper - ammonia - producing bacteria ( HABs ) .
These HABs produce ammonia , though , which reduces the animal 's ability to turn amino acids into fresh , tasty muscle tissue .
To make up for these lost amino acids , cattle growers add expensive yet inefficient high - protein additives to the animal 's feed stock .
According to Agricultural Research Service ( ARS ) — the scientific research agency of the USDA — scientist Michael Flythe , this problem can be addressed by adding a key ingredient from the brewer 's toolkit : hops .
His work shows that hops can reduce the HAB populations , which makes sense , as hops were originally added to beer to limit bacterial growth .
The experiments added either dried hops flowers or hops extract into either a culture of pure HABs , or a mixture of bacteria collected from a living cow 's rumen ( its first of four stomachs ) .
Both types of hops inhibited the growth of HABs and reduced the amount of ammonia they produced .
While the work may not immediately result in tastier beef , hopefully it can represent the first step in allowing me to get a steak in the US as good as the steaks I have had in Alberta , Canada .
We went with the USDA 's announcement of the results here because , with a name like ARS , how could we not ?
Clothes can be magical ; the use of style and color is a magic long known to our species .
For instance , to ward off evil , you can wear a fringed item .
To insulate your energies , wear black silk .
Green attracts exciting , sometimes mischievous energies .
White will bring you feelings of sanctity , good for self - esteem .
Bright yellow breeds confidence .
Long skirts lend dignity and mental power .
Minis give sexual power , of course , but lack solemnity .
A long cloak lends archetypal energy perfect for spells ; fake fur is good for shamanistic pursuits .
Power - dress every day - it can make all the difference !
Carnage Blender : the free multiplayer strategy RPG
Fight hundreds of battles a day and use the experience to mold your Minions
Buy or rent powerful weapons and armor
Customize your items with Names of Power
Master economic activities such as forging
Learn combat skills like Bloodlust and Vampiric Aura
Study offensive and defensive spells like Haste and Decay
Join a clan to team up and gain extra bonuses
Login / Register
Email address : Password : Remember this address and password ?
Submit
The critics rave !
I spent months searching for a multiplayer game I could actually play for more than 2 days without puking from boredom , and this is the only one that passed the test .
-- dark gift , via email I think the true measure of something on the internet is simply how many things it 's better than .
For Carnage Blender , that 's a lot !
Over the years , fun and original sites have been culled from the flock faster than you can say " dot com . " [ Independent ] sites like Carnage Blender are pretty much the only ones worth visiting any more .
-- Artius , on Slashdot
More information
fought in the past 24 hours !
Sign up manually , or Login here : Newcomers are welcome to browse the information on the help wiki and discussion boards or just register and get started with the tutorial !
Alleged Times Square bomber Faisal Shahzad is seen in a photo from Orkut.com .
Shahzad , a naturalized U.S. citizen born in Pakistan , will appear in Federal Court on May 4 , 2010 in New York after he was arrested while attempting to flee to Dubai .
UPI / Orkut.com | License Photo
NEW YORK , May 4 ( UPI ) --
A man in federal custody admitted he tried to set off a car bomb in New York and received bomb - making training in Pakistan , a criminal complaint indicated .
Faisal Shahzad , a naturalized U.S. citizen from Pakistan , was charged with attempting to use weapons of mass destruction and other related crimes as the investigation into Saturday 's failed car bombing expanded to Asia , where Pakistani authorities arrested several people linked to the suspect , The New York Times reported .
Advertisement
During an afternoon news conference , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said Shahzad was cooperating and " has provided useful information to authorities . "
Federal agents and police detectives arrested Shahzad at John F. Kennedy International Airport on board a plane bound for Dubai in the United Arab Emirates .
Pakistani officials identified one detainee as Tauhid Ahmed , saying he had been in contact with Shahzad via e-mail , the Times said .
Officials said another man , Muhammad Rehan , was arrested in Karachi at a mosque known for its ties to the militant group Jaish - e - Muhammad .
The 10 - page criminal complaint indicated Shahzad admitted to investigators he tried to detonate the car bomb in New York 's bustling theater district and told them he recently received bomb - making training in Waziristan province in Pakistan .
The five counts contained in the complaint include claims that Shahzad drove from his home in Connecticut to New York , attempted to use a weapon of mass destruction and " attempted to kill and maim persons within the United States , " along with other explosives - related charges .
The document laid out Shahzad 's movements in the days leading up to the failed attack , describing how he arranged to buy the Nissan Pathfinder he eventually packed with fire crackers , propane tanks , gasoline containers , alarm clocks and non-explosive fertilizer , and how he received four calls from Pakistan hours before he bought the car in late April .
Shahzad was scheduled to appear in court Tuesday , but CNN reported it was n't clear when the suspect would be in court .
U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder announced Shahzad 's arrest Tuesday , saying he drove the 1993 Pathfinder into the heart of Times Square .
Shahzad 's intent " was to kill as many innocent tourists and theater - goers as possible , " Holder said during a news conference , adding that the attempt served as " stark reminder that there are those who wish to do us harm because of our way of life . "
Some people " are coming to New York and they 're trying to hurt us , " New York Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly said , noting he 's aware of 11 terrorist plots in the Big Apple since the terrorist attacks on Sept. 11 , 2001 .
The arrest means " we can breathe easier but we always have to be vigilant .
In eyes of terrorists , New York is America and they always want to come ... to kill us . "
Earlier President Barack Obama told the Business Council : " Justice will be done and we will continue to do everything in our power to protect the American people .
This incident is another sobering reminder of the times in which we live .
Around the world and here at home there are those who would attack our citizens and who would slaughter innocent men , women and children in pursuit of their murderous agenda . "
Scaling them up could power the planet ( Image : Sunset / Rex Features )
A fleet of sailing ships could harvest energy from the wind blowing over the vast tracts of ocean too far from the shore for wind turbines , a scheme unveiled last month claims .
The ships would turn wind power into hydrogen , which would be stored on board , to be unloaded later and used to generate electricity .
The idea comes from Max Platzer and Nesrin Sarigul - Klijn at the University of California , Davis .
“ Our proposal makes ocean wind energy available for exploitation – a huge energy reservoir because the oceans cover 70 per cent of the globe , ” Platzer says .
It “ offers the opportunity to make a decisive contribution to the solution of the energy and climate crisis ” .
Advertisement
Generators in tow
The ships would tow hydropower generators consisting of two wing - like underwater blades that would be made to oscillate by the force of the water as they plough through it .
This motion would turn a crankshaft connected to a generator .
The electricity this produces could then be used to split seawater into hydrogen and oxygen .
Sailing ships can reach speeds of up to 25 knots ( 46 kilometres per hour ) .
A ship with 400 square metres of sail , operating in a strong , force 7 wind of 15 metres per second , could generate up to 100 kilowatts of electrical power , Platzer and Sarigul - Klijn calculate .
They also say it should be possible to build larger ships capable of generating up to 1 megawatt .
With enough ships , the energy needs for the entire planet could be met this way , Platzer says .
“ Obviously , this is a roundabout way of generating electricity instead of converting wind or water flow energy directly into electricity using stationary windmills or hydroturbines , ” Platzer says .
This will clearly lead to some losses , but he calculates that the electricity can be converted into hydrogen and back again with about 30 per cent efficiency .
Concentrated energy
Extracting energy from flow of water rather than directly from air has advantages , as the power density is much higher .
Platzer says the water flow through the underwater generator has a power density of 36 kilowatts per square metre – far more than the 1.2 kilowatts per square metre typical of air blowing through a rotating wind turbine .
The more concentrated energy means that the equipment needed to harvest it can be smaller .
Stephen Salter , an engineer at the University of Edinburgh , UK , who in the 1970s invented the “ nodding duck ” wave power device , says the idea looks sound .
Platzer and Sarigul - Klijn presented their paper at an American Society of Mechanical Engineers energy sustainability conference in Phoenix , Arizona , on 19 May .
I often receive emails about creating a record of humanity and technology that would help restart civilization .
We have often worked on projects that may be a part of what we call The Manual For Civilization .
It is an interesting thought exercise to ask yourself what information you might want if you had to truly start over .
A recent example is email that came in which was inspired by an essay that James Lovelock published in Science in 1998 called A Book For All Seasons ( excerpt ) :
We have confidence in our science - based civilization and think it has tenure .
In so doing , I think we fail to distinguish between the life - span of civilizations and that of our species .
In fact , civilizations are ephemeral compared with species .
Humans have lasted at least a million years , but there have been 30 civilizations in the past 5000 years .
Humans are tough and will survive ; civilizations are fragile .
It seems clear to me that we are not evolving in intelligence , not becoming true Homo sapiens .
Indeed there is little evidence that our individual intelligence has improved through the 5000 years of recorded history .
Over the years these proposals have been in different forms ; create a book , set of books , stone tablets , micro-etched metal disk , or a constantly updated wiki .
I really like the idea of creating such a record , in fact the Rosetta Disk project was our first effort in this direction .
These Doomsday Manuals are a positive step in the direction of making a softer landing for a possible collapse , and the people creating them ( like ourselves ) are certainly out to help people .
It took millennia for the world to regain the technology and levels of societal organization attained by the Romans , so maybe a book like this would help that .
However it also seems that these efforts tap a romantic notion that we would all love to find something like this book from a past or otherwise alien civilization .
My worry is that it also feeds off a ( likely incorrect ) feeling that somehow collapse might be a fun challenge to live through , and that everyone kind of wants to be the monk in A Canticle For Leibowitz or Mel Gibson in Road Warrior .
My bet is that the reality of watching your civilization ( and population ) collapse is likely one of the worst things anyone could experience .
I am also not so sure the problem is just knowing how to remake a technology .
For instance after the fall of the great Egyptian , Mayan , and Roman empires we had evidence and examples of their engineering achievements all around us .
But aqueducts or senate buildings are worthless without a society around them to maintain , contextualize and protect them .
It is also worth pointing out that there are likely well over a billion people on earth who currently do n’t interact with formal economies or technological society at all .
They will be very well adapted to a post collapse world , you should find some and make friends .
They will likely be far more helpful than a manual on restarting the internet , because they know how to gut a deer .
In any case I thought I would create this blog post which I will try and keep updated as these proposals and efforts come to me ( and hopefully come to fruition ) .
I will also list some of the resources that I usually refer to when I get these inquiries .
Please note these resources are extremely biased toward the English language , the United States and Western culture .
Also note that one of the first things that comes up when creating any compendium style work is the issue of copyright .
It might sound ridiculous that you might worry about copyright in a doomsday manual , but if you want to publish it and get it into peoples hands before the apocalypse , you are going to have to deal with it in some way .
Please feel free to use the comments field to make suggestions and pointers and I will integrate them here as well .
Projects that are attempts in this direction :
Content that has been discussed to be used for these projects :
Alice , a young scientist working in a biological laboratory , likes her work , and her supervisor values her conscientiousness and perfectionism .
But when her colleagues take a coffee or lunch break she usually sits quietly on the periphery of the group , fingering her hair and blinking rapidly if someone asks her a question .
Alice dreads the occasions during the year when it is her turn to tell the staff about the experiments she is working on and what she has learned .
She usually does n't sleep well on the nights before these performances , and her mouth becomes dry and her palms sweaty when she stands up to give her report .
During the period between the two World Wars , when Sigmund Freud 's ideas were dominant , most psychiatrists and psychologists would have attributed Alice 's behaviour and moods to her childhood experiences .
Perhaps Alice 's mother had been hypercritical and she felt guilty over her anger towards the mother who had punished her occasional disobedience severely .
I had accepted such experiential accounts as an obvious truth when I was a graduate student at Yale University from 1950 to 1954 .
But I began to question my inflexible commitment to the sole influence of early experience in 1962 , when Howard Moss and I were reflecting on the evidence we had gathered on a group of normal adults , born in the 1930s , who were members of a longitudinal study conducted at the Fels Research Institute in Ohio .
About 15 per cent of these adults , who had been timid , fearful , and shy during their first three years , resembled Alice : they told me that they were shy , often felt unsure , avoided risky activities , and were reluctant to take on difficult challenges .
When Howard and I wrote the book Birth to Maturity summarising the project , we suggested that these children inherited a constitutional disposition .
This was our way of saying that their temperament was relevant – where temperament refers to a set of biological properties affecting brain chemistry that are usually , but not always , due to the presence of specific genes .
A second attack on my premise that only experience mattered occurred almost 20 years later , when Richard Kearsley , Philip Zelazo , and I were examining evidence we had gathered on the effects of day care on Chinese - American and Caucasian infants who either attended a day care centre we managed , or were raised only at home from age three to 29 months .
We were surprised by the fact that the Chinese - American infants , whether attending our centre or raised only at home , were more quiet , timid , and shy than the Caucasian - American infants .
This observation also suggested that the two groups began life with distinctive temperaments .
Finally , the writings of Alexander Thomas and Stella Chess , two psychiatrists who angered their psychoanalytic colleagues in the Sixties by suggesting children began life with distinctive temperaments , provoked brooding on this idea and the desire to study infant temperaments in my laboratory .
Humans are capable of possessing a very large number of temperamental biases , but my colleagues and I have been studying only two members of this extensive set .
One temperament biases children to experience uncertainty , fear , or anxiety when faced with unfamiliar or unexpected events ; the other bias protects children from these emotions .
We have been following a large group of Caucasian children born healthy to intact , middle - class families in the Boston metropolitan area in 1989 or 1990 , from four months of age until 2007 - 08 , when they were 18 years , and have arrived at several conclusions .
First , about 20 per cent of these infants were unusually responsive to events that were unexpected or unfamiliar .
When colourful toys they had never seen before were moved slowly in front of their faces , the four - month - olds begin to thrash their limbs , arch their backs , and cry , as if this experience was too arousing for their brains .
These infants , whom we call high - reactive , tended to be shy when they met unfamiliar people and afraid when they entered unfamiliar rooms or encountered unfamiliar objects during their second year of life .
Most were shy when interacting with unfamiliar adults or children at four - and - a- half years of age , and , at seven , many required a night light while sleeping , were afraid to spend the night at a friend 's home , and were generally quiet in the school setting .
As adolescents , many told us they worried excessively about the future and were anxious over events that most adolescents regarded as unrealistic .
For example , they did n't like talking to strangers and felt anxious when they had to go to a party where they knew few people .
Some were reluctant to take the subway from their suburban home to central Boston , or worried when they heard the sound of an ambulance .
One high - reactive adolescent said that she did n't like spring because the weather was unpredictable .
The central source of their tension was not knowing what might happen in the next hour , day , or week .
As a result , about two - thirds of these adolescents plan most days and prepare for potentially threatening contingencies .
Their friends see them as hypervigilant , careful , cautious , and reflective .
We have examined aspects of their biology and , to our pleasant surprise , found that their physiology is in theoretical accord with their behaviour .
The critical structure , called the amygdala , is tucked inside the brain at the level of the ears .
The amygdala is the personal antennae , for it detects changes in the outside world and inside the body and reacts to all new or unexpected events , or to anticipations of such experiences , by sending impulses to the heart , skin , circulatory vessels , and muscles , leading to a rise in heart rate , increased blood pressure , motor tension , altered breathing , and sweating of the palms .
High reactives seem to possess a chemistry of the amygdala that renders it more excitable than it is with most children .
Carl Schwartz , a psychiatrist working at Massachusetts General Hospital , observed these youths at age 18 in a magnetic scanner and found the high reactives had a thicker cortex than others in a small section of the frontal lobe on the right side ( called the medial prefrontal cortex ) that communicates with the amygdala .
Second , their amygdala remained active for a longer time to unfamiliar pictures , such as a person 's head on an animal 's body – suggesting that this structure resisted regulation .
However , many high - reactive adolescents were no longer especially shy or timid .
The consequences of their temperamental bias were now primarily on the inside , and reflected in private worries not always apparent to parents or friends .
Jung 's twin concepts of persona ( the surface behaviour shown to others ) and anima ( one 's private feeling tone ) help us understand this phenomenon .
It is easier for individuals to change their persona than to alter their anima – which contains patterns of private worries and feelings .
The majority of our high - reactives have not seen a psychiatrist and probably will not develop any psychiatric disorder .
However , about 20 per cent have been unable to cope with their temperament and have been diagnosed with social anxiety disorder , depression , or both .
Only one of our original group of 90 high - reactive infants committed suicide .
The parents of these children may wonder whether this temperamental bias is a serious disadvantage in contemporary society , but fortunately many occupations require individuals with this temperament .
These adults like to work alone in settings in which they have control of most moments of the day .
Therefore , vocations like computer programmer , writer , scientist , or historian appeal to them , and they make important contributions to society .
The biography of the poet T S Eliot and the memoir of the biologist Rita Levi-Montalcini , who both won Nobel prizes , suggest they had Alice 's temperament .
I remember telling under - graduates that , if we had asked Eliot or Levi-Montalcini a few days after they had won the prize whether they would have wanted their parents to take them to a child psychiatrist to cure their excessive anxiety , both would probably have said " no " , because they would recognise that their temperamental preference for solitary work made it possible for them to be creative .
The most important conclusion is that the power of an infant 's temperament rests with its ability to limit what a child might become , rather than determining a particular personality .
Although only 20 per cent of our high - reactives were unusually shy , introverted 18 - year - olds , over 90 per cent were not consistently exuberant , worry - free youths who loved risks , crowds , and new sensations .
Knowledge of a person 's temperament allows one to predict with confidence what they will not become , but is less able to predict the persona they will develop .
Predicting the exact location where a rock will land after rolling down a mountain provides an analogy .
Knowledge of the location , size , and shape of the rock , analogous to a temperament , permits an observer to eliminate many places where it will not rest , but it is impossible to know its final location because one cannot know the gullies and obstacles it will strike on its way down .
These events are analogous to the diverse experiences each person encounters as they grow to maturity .
A RESTAURANT in a northwest suburb of Adelaide that refused a blind man entry because it thought his guide dog was " gay " was ordered by the Equal Opportunity Tribunal to pay him $ 1500 .
The ( Adelaide ) Sunday Mail said Ian Jolly , 57 , was barred from dining at the Thai Spice restaurant in May 2009 after a staff member mistook his guide dog Nudge for a " gay dog , " a tribunal heard this week .
A statement given by restaurant owners Hong Hoa Thi To and Anh Hoang Le said one of the restaurant 's waiters said that Mr Jolly 's partner Ms Chris Lawrence stated " she wanted to bring a gay dog into the restaurant . "
Mr Jolly and Ms Lawrence were refused entry to the restaurant - which displays a " guide dogs welcome " sign - even after providing staff with a guide dogs fact card .
At an Equal Opportunity Tribunal conciliation hearing on Friday , the restaurant agreed to provide Mr Jolly with a written apology and attend an Equal Opportunity education course , in addition to paying him $ 1500 .
" The staff genuinely believed that Nudge was an ordinary pet dog which had been desexed to become a gay dog , " a statement from the hearing said .
Mr Jolly said while he was happy with the result , the embarrassing incident had dampened his enthusiasm for eating out at restaurants .
" It gives you some comfort that Equal Opportunity is there , " he said .
" But I always have that fear now , when I go out .
" I just want to be like everybody else and be able to go out for dinner , to be left alone and just enjoy a meal . "
Thai Spice refused to speak to the Sunday Mail when contacted for comment .
Read more at The Sunday Mail
Originally published as Gay dogs not welcome , diner told
Coupon can be used multiple times
Promo code has been activated
Have a different promo code ?
Only one code may be used per order
“ If the result of the referendum is independence , there is going to be war — complete war , ” predicts Mudawi Ibrahim Adam , one of Sudan ’s most outspoken human rights advocates .
He cautions that America ’s willingness to turn a blind eye to election - rigging here increases the risk that Mr. Bashir will feel that he can get away with war .
“ They ’re very naïve in Washington , ” Mr. Mudawi said .
“ They do n’t understand what is going on . ”
On the other hand , a senior Sudanese government official , Ghazi Salahuddin , told me unequivocally in Khartoum , the nation ’s capital , that Sudan will honor the referendum results .
And it ’s certainly plausible that north and south will muddle through and avoid war , for both sides are exhausted by years of fighting .
Here in Juba , the South Sudan capital , I met Winnie Wol , 26 , who fled the civil war in 1994 after a militia from the north attacked her village to kill , loot , rape and burn .
Her father and many relatives were killed , but she escaped and made her way to Kenya — and eventually resettled as a refugee in California .
She now lives in Olathe , Kan. , and she had returned for the first time to Sudan to visit a mother and sisters she had last seen when she was a little girl .
Ms. Wol , every bit the well - dressed American , let me tag along for her journey back to her village of Nyamlell , 400 miles northwest of Juba .
The trip ended by a thatch - roof hut that belonged to her mother , who did n’t know she was coming — so no one was home .
Ms. Wol was crushed .
Then there was a scream and a woman came running .
It was Ms. Wol ’s mother , somehow recognizing her , and they flew into each other ’s arms .
To me , it felt like a peace dividend .
Yet that peace is fragile , and Ms. Wol knows that the northern forces may come back to pillage again .
“ I do n’t want war , ” she said , “ but I do n’t think they will allow us to separate . ”
My own hunch is that the north has n’t entirely decided what to do , and that strong international pressure can reduce the risk of another savage war .
If President Obama is ever going to find his voice on Sudan , it had better be soon .
PFT OT on Yahoo Sports : Which NFL team is most impacted by early season injuries ?
It ’s hard to be overly excited about the success of my predictions considering there was very little difference between pundit choices .
Everyone picked the Capitals , Penguins , Sharks , and Hawks to advance .
Even the Montreal newspapers were picking the Capitals to walk away with the series .
I checked both the Gazette ( Montreal ’s English newspaper ) and La Presse ( one of the city ’s French papers ) and only one writer had the guts to pick the Canadiens – Ronald King .
I do n’t know anything about him ; maybe he has a history of mental illness .
Well , I guess he ’s smarter than all of us because thanks to Boston and Montreal he went 7 - 1 with his predictions .
The series that had some difference of opinion ( Devils - Flyers , Sabres - Bruins , Canucks - Kings , Wings - Coyotes ) were still predominantly favouring the higher seed ( except in the Wings series , but most people still picked them despite being the lower seed ) .
There were only a few deviations from the norm here and there .
For the most part everyone ’s predictions looked very similar and the standings below reflect this .
No one did terribly and no one was perfect ( from what I could find ) .
That being said , my predictions put me in a tie for second place .
PLAYOFFS !
And for the record , I did n’t just search out the various predictions that would make me look good !
In fact , I actively searched out someone who picked the Canadiens .
This list is a pretty wide sampling of hockey writers from various media .
Here ’s how everyone fared in the first round , including myself .
Name Affiliation Record Wrong Picks Ronald King La Presse 7 - 1 Devils Matt Horner Five Minutes For Fighting 6 - 2 Caps , Sabres Paul Hunter / Kevin McGran Toronto Star 6 - 2 Caps , Sabres Pierre LeBrun ESPN / CBC 5 - 3 Caps , Devils , Sabres Barry Melrose ESPN / Mullet 5 - 3 Caps , Devils , Sabres Matthew Barnaby ESPN 5 - 3 Caps , Devils , Sabres John Buccigross ESPN 5 - 3 Caps , Sabres , Kings Scott Burnside ESPN 5 - 3 Caps , Sabres , Kings Bob McKenzie TSN 5 - 3 Caps , Sabres , Kings Eklund Hockeybuzz.com
5 - 3 Caps , Sabres , Coyotes Puck Daddy Yahoo 5 - 3 Caps , Devils , Sabres Adam Proteau The Hockey News 5 - 3 Caps , Sabres , Kings Michael Farber Sports Illustrated 5 - 3 Caps , Sabres , Kings Chris Stevenson Toronto Sun 5 - 3 Caps , Devils , Coyotes Ken Warren Montreal Gazette 5 - 3 Caps , Devils , Sabres David Shoalts / Eric Duhatschek Globe and Mail 4 - 4 Caps , Devils , Sabres , Coyotes
The first round is over and there are no doubt plenty of pundits weighing in on the second round , giving expert analysis on who is likely to advance and why ( I will be one of these fools later today ) .
But can you really trust these people ?
How did their predictions fare in the first round ?
I think every time someone gives their predictions they should be forced to show their all - time record , or at the very least their record that season .
So in honour of full disclosure I ’m showing how my predictions fared in the first round .
To make myself feel smart I ’m comparing them to so - called hockey experts .
Beijing residents woke up Saturday to find the Chinese capital blanketed in yellow dust as a sandstorm caused by a severe drought in the north swept into the city .
The storm , which earlier buffeted parts of northeastern China , brought strong winds and cut visibility in the capital .
Authorities issued a rare level five pollution warning , signalling hazardous conditions , and urged residents to stay indoors .
Sandstorms frequently hit the arid north of China in the spring when temperatures start to rise , stirring up clouds of dust that can travel across China , to South Korea and Japan and even as far as the United States .
Scientists blame a combination of deforestation and prolonged drought in northern China for the phenomenon .
Saturday 's storm was expected to last until Monday , the meteorological agency said .
" I was amazed to see the ground had turned yellow overnight , " Beijing salesman Li Ming told the official Xinhua news agency .
" It reminds me of the dirt road of my rural hometown . "
Another resident said the storm was worse than those in recent years .
" Severe sandstorms like this happened very often in the 1980s and 1990s , " Beijing retiree Song Xiurong told Xinhua .
" It has n't been that serious in the recent two or three years , as far as I remember . "
A sandstorm four years ago dumped at least 300,000 tonnes of sand on the capital .
China has 2.6 million square kilometres of desert , an area nearly 2.5 times the country 's total farmland , according to government statistics .
- AFP
← Sidebar
The following photos of Vladimir oblast were captured by Ilya Varlamov with the help of little unmanned helicopter ( the photos are clickable ) .
Tags : bird 's eye views · Vladimir oblast
<< Perm krai page was updated
Penza oblast page was updated >>
Mega -Dose Vitamin Therapy in the ICU
by Jeffrey Dach MD
Decades ago , when Linus Pauling and Abram Hoffer first proposed mega - dose vitamin therapy as a serious treatment , mainstream medicine , aided by the press , promptly discredited this as quackery .
To this day , the media faithfully bombards us with the message that vitamins and minerals are useless , harmful or even killing us . ( 1-6 ) When one considers the lowly vitamin pill as an economic rival to drugs , and the dependence of the media on drug company advertising , the motivation to discredit mega - dose vitamins becomes all too obvious .
Seemingly oblivious to this negative message , physicians quietly go about their business using megadose vitamin therapy in the intensive care unit with considerable success .
Recent reports of this have been appearing in medical journals , finally vindicating Linus Pauling and Abram Hoffer as yes , of course , they were right all along .
( 7-9 ) Left above image : US Military Project Hope Intensive Care Unit courtesy of wikimedia commons .
Septic Shock – a Preterminal Event
Forty years ago , during my training days working in the intensive care unit , the onset of septic shock was a grave sign , and usually a preterminal event .
In spite of the best treatment with high powered antibiotics and high dose hydrocortisone , these severely ill patients invariably succumbed .
Survival was so rare , it was declared a miracle .
While treatments have improved since the old days , septic shock still carries a fifty percent mortality rate .
IV Selenium For Septic Shock in the ICU
In 1999 , Dr Angstwurm showed that many critically ill patients have low selenium levels .
Selenium is the key component of glutathione peroxidase , the key selenoprotein anti-oxidant .
In 2007 , Dr Angstwurm recruited 249 septic shock patients from eleven intensive care units in Germany , and gave them IV selenium over a 14 day protocol .
Results showed mortality reduced to 39 % for the selenium treated group , compared to a fifty percent mortality , otherwise .
An impressive result , considering the high mortality rate and futility of most other treatments .
( 10 - 11 ) In 2008 , Dr Carlos studied septic shock patients and found that selenium levels could be used to predict clinical course .
Those with the highest selenium levels had the best outcome , and the lowest selenium levels had the worst .
( 12 )
A Basket of Mega - Dose Vitamins
If one antioxidant , selenium was beneficial in the ICU setting , then perhaps a basket of antioxidants would be even more so .
In 2008 , Dr Giladi of Vanderbilt tested this hypothesis with a shopping cart of antioxidants .
Intravenous Vitamin C , E and Selenium was given over a 7 day protocol to 2,200 ICU trauma patients , and compared to placebo .
Dr Giladi reported a 28 % mortality reduction for the mega - dose vitamin group .
( 13 ) A second report on the same patient study group Febuary 2010 showed that the mega - dose vitamin group also benefited from a 53 % reduction in abdominal wall infections , and 38 % reduction in respiratory failure . ( 14 )
Reducing Infection Rates , and Time on Ventilators
In 2006 , Dr Berger reported that a trace mineral infusion with zinc , copper and selenium reduced by half the infection rates for burn patients in the ICU .
These infections were nosocomial pneumonia and ventilator associated pneumonia .
( 15 ) In 2009 , Dr Alison Avenell from Edinburgh Scotland reported a 10 - 15 % reduction in infection with pneumonia and clostridia difficile enterocolitis in ICU patients treated with a 5 day protocol of IV selenium .
( 16 ) In November 2009 , Dr El - Attar reported that trace mineral infusions with selenium , zinc and managanese given to patients with chronic lung disease resulted in reducing by half the time on mechanical ventilation .
( 17 )
Animal Model of Inflammatory Hepatic Vasculitis
A 2000 report from China evaluated the effect of selenium and vitamin E on an animal model of experimental hepatic vasculitis .
They found the two agents , Selenium and Vitamin E dramatically reduced hepatic inflammation in the experimental animals down from 100 % to 20 % . ( 18 )
Why Do We Need Selenium ?
To understand the importance of selenium , consider the toxic fumes produced by your automobile .
You might be surprised to know that your body makes the same foul stuff , similar to your car ’s toxic exhaust .
Instead of an exhaust pipe to get rid of the fumes , our bodies have the the selenoprotein anti-oxidant system .
The main selenoprotein is glutathione peroxidase which works together with other antioxidants , such as Vitamin C and E , to remove the oxidative by - products of cellular energy production .
Severe illness leads to depletion of selenoproteins and build up of oxidative by products which may overwhelm the body ’s defenses leading to catastrophic outcomes .
Replenishing selenium and other anti-oxidants in this setting makes sense , and is in fact extremely beneficial .
Left above image : Auto Exhaust Courtesy of wikimedia commons .
Mega -Dose Vitamins Outside the ICU
Dr Lamm reported mega - dose vitamins useful in prevention of cancer recurrence .
Published in the 1994 Journal of Urology , Dr Lamm gave megadose vitamins A , B6 , C , E and Zinc 65 to patients with biopsy proven bladder cancer .
The patients were followed , and cancer recurrence was reduced in half for patients on the mega - dose vitamin therapy . ( 19 )
Intravenous Vitamin C For Septic Shock
Update 2016 : IV Vitamin C Curative for Septic Shock ( 20 - 25 ) publication by Paul Marik in Chest 2016 : Marik , Paul E. , et al .
“ Hydrocortisone , Vitamin C and Thiamine for the Treatment of Severe Sepsis and Septic Shock : A Retrospective Before - After Study . ” CHEST Journal ( 2016 ) .
Hydrocortisone Vitamin C and Thiamine for Sepsis Marik Paul E CHEST 2016
Click Here for : Selenium , Part One and Selenium , Part Two
Articles with Related Interest :
Vitamin C Linus Pauling and Heart Disease Prevention
Jeffrey Dach MD
7450 Griffin Road Suite 190
Davie , Florida 33314
954-792-4663
http://www.drdach.com/
http://www.naturalmedicine101.com/
http://www.truemedmd.com/
http://www.bioidenticalhormones101.com/
References
Media results for Vitamins Do n’t Work
1 ) http://well.blogs.nytimes.com/2008/11/20/news-keeps-getting-worse-for-vitamins/
New York Times - November 20 , 2008 ,
News Keeps Getting Worse for Vitamins By TARA PARKER - POPE
The best efforts of the scientific community to prove the health benefits of vitamins keep falling short .
2 ) http://cbs5.com/health/vitamins.study.damaging.2.679134.html
CBS News - Mar 17 , 2008 Doctor : Vitamins Don’t Work , Could Be Harmful ( CBS 5 )
A store shelf full of vitamins .
CBS Multivitamins do n’t work and may actually be harmful .
That ’s the opinion of a Harvard doctor and it ’s causing quite a controversy .
3 ) deleted
4 ) http://articles.latimes.com/2008/dec/21/science/sci-vitamins21
LA Times – Vitamins are n’t a cure - all , In fact , taking them does nothing to fight cancer , studies find .
December 21 , 2008 by Karen Kaplan –
They were some of the most promising medicines of the 1990s — wonder pills that appeared to fight cancer , heart disease , stroke and other ailments .
5 ) http://www.dailytelegraph.com.au/lifestyle/vitamins-could-be-killing-you/story-e6frf00i-1111113075043
Daily Telegraph – Vitamins could be killing you , By Tamara McLean From : The Daily Telegraph March 01 , 2007
6 ) http://www.throng.co.nz/inside-new-zealand/inside-new-zealand-series-premiere-are-vitamins-killing-you
Inside New Zealand : Are Vitamins Killing You ?
Many New Zealanders believe the way to good health and longer life is through the daily use of vitamin supplements .
But not everyone agrees .
Professor Rod Jackson of Auckland University says the scientific evidence is clear – people who pop vitamin pills die younger .
“ The best evidence is a review of over 60 randomised trials of almost a quarter of a million people worldwide – and the evidence is that those who take vitamins have an increased risk of death compared to those who don’t , ” Professor Jackson explains .
But despite our beliefs the latest research says that two vitamins – A and E – are potentially harmful when taken to excess .
Furthermore there are some concerns about vitamin C as well .
The concern is that many New Zealanders may be upping doses without being aware , mixing multi-vitamins , with fish oils and other assorted vitamin supplements .
But how could it be that vitamins might be doing us harm ?
Selenium in Critlcally Ill patients
7 ) Review articles – Selenium in critically ill patients by S Strachan , D Wyncoll The Intensive Care Society 2009 Volume 10 , Number 1 , January 2009 JICS Selenium in critically ill patients by S Strachan D Wyncoll Intensive Care Society 2009
Selenium levels fall during periods of oxidative stress as occurs in critically ill patients with conditions such as severe sepsis , burns , and following trauma .
Data from individual studies and meta- analyses suggests that selenium is an important adjuvant therapy in certain critically ill patients and supplementation of selenium may offer a mortality benefit .
Nutritional Substrates as Therapy in the ICU
8 ) deleted
Metanalysis of 11 articles – Antioxidants , selenium Reduce Mortality – Dr Berger
9 ) http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15605227
Intensive Care Med. 2005 Mar;31(3):327-37 .
Epub 2004 Dec 17 .
Antioxidant nutrients : a systematic review of trace elements and vitamins in the critically ill patient .
by Heyland DK , Dhaliwal R , Suchner U , Berger MM. Department of Medicine , Queen ’s University , Kingston , ONT , Canada .
Critical illness is associated with the generation of oxygen free radicals and low endogenous antioxidant capacity leading to a condition of oxidative stress .
We investigated whether supplementing critically ill patients with antioxidants , trace elements , and vitamins improves their survival .
METHODS : We searched four bibliographic databases from 1980 to 2003 and included studies that were randomized , reported clinically important endpoints in critically ill patients , and compared various trace elements and vitamins to placebo .
RESULTS : Eleven articles met the inclusion criteria .
When the results of all the trials were aggregated , overall antioxidants were associated with a significant reduction in mortality
CONCLUSIONS : Trace elements and vitamins that support antioxidant function , particularly high - dose parenteral selenium either alone or in combination with other antioxidants , are safe and may be associated with a reduction in mortality in critically ill patients .
Angstrum Germany - selenium for septic shock in the ICU
10 ) http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17095947
Angstwurm , Matthias WA , et al .
“ Selenium in Intensive Care ( SIC ) : results of a prospective randomized , placebo - controlled , multiple - center study in patients with severe systemic inflammatory response syndrome , sepsis , and septic shock . ”
Critical care medicine 35.1 ( 2007 ) : 118-126 .
Selenium in Intensive Care severe sepsis septic shock Angstwurm Matthias Critical care medicine 2007
OBJECTIVE : Sepsis is associated with an increase in reactive oxygen species and low endogenous antioxidative capacity .
We postulated that high - dose supplementation of sodium - selenite would improve the outcome of patients with severe sepsis and septic shock .
DESIGN : Prospective randomized , placebo - controlled , multiple - center trial .
SETTING : Eleven intensive care units in Germany .
PATIENTS : Patients were 249 patients with severe systemic inflammatory response syndrome , sepsis , and septic shock and an Acute Physiology and Chronic Health Evaluation ( APACHE ) III score > 70 .
INTERVENTIONS : Patients received 1000 microg of sodium - selenite as a 30 - min bolus injection , followed by 14 daily continuous infusions of 1000 microg intravenously , or placebo .
MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS :
The primary end point was 28 - day mortality ; secondary end points were survival time and clinical course of APACHE III and logistic organ dysfunction system scores .
In addition , selenium levels in serum , whole blood , and urine as well as serum glutathione - peroxidase - 3 activity were measured .
From 249 patients included , 11 patients had to be excluded .
The intention - to - treat analysis of the remaining 238 patients revealed a mortality rate of 50.0 % in the placebo group and 39.7 % in the selenium - treated group ( p = .109 ; odds ratio , 0.66 ; confidence interval , 0.39 - 1.1 ) .
A further 49 patients had to be excluded before the final analysis because of severe violations of the study protocol .
In the remaining 92 patients of the study group , the 28 - day mortality rate was significantly reduced to 42.4 % compared with 56.7 % in 97 patients of the placebo group ( p = .049 , odds ratio , 0.56 ; confidence interval , 0.32-1.00 ) .
In predefined subgroup analyses , the mortality rate was significantly reduced in patients with septic shock with disseminated intravascular coagulation ( n = 82 , p = .018 ) as well as in the most critically ill patients with an APACHE III score > or = 102 ( > 75 % quartile , n = 54 , p = .040 ) or in patients with more than three organ dysfunctions ( n = 83 , p = .039 ) .
Whole blood selenium concentrations and glutathione peroxidase - 3 activity were within the upper normal range during selenium treatment , whereas they remained significantly low in the placebo group .
There were no side effects observed due to high - dose sodium - selenite treatment .
CONCLUSIONS :
The adjuvant treatment of patients with high - dose sodium -
selenite reduces mortality rate in patients with severe sepsis or septic shock .
11 ) http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10507602
Crit Care Med. 1999 Sep ;27(9 ) :1807 - 13 .
Selenium replacement in patients with severe systemic inflammatory response syndrome improves clinical outcome .
Angstwurm MW , Schottdorf J , Schopohl J , Gaertner R. Intensive Care Unit , Klinikum Innenstadt , University of Munich , Department of Internal Medicine , Germany .
To determine the effect of selenium replacement on morbidity and mortality in patients with systemic inflammatory response syndrome ( SIRS ) .
DESIGN : Controlled , randomized prospective open - label pilot study comparing patients with and without selenium replacement .
SETTING : Intensive care unit of a university hospital for internal medicine .
PATIENTS : Forty - two patients with SIRS caused by infection and a minimal Acute Physiology and Chronic Health Evaluation ( APACHE ) II score of 15 points on the day of admission were included .
The selenium replacement group of patients ( Se+ ; n = 21 ) received sodium selenite for 9 days ( 535 microg [ 6.77 micromol ] for 3 days , 285 microg [ 3.61 micromol ] for 3 days , and 155 microg [ 1.96 micromol ] for 3 days ) and thereafter , 35 microg ( 0.44 micromol ) per day iv .
The control group ( Se- , n = 21 ) received 35 microg of sodium selenite throughout the total treatment period .
INTERVENTIONS : Morbidity and clinical outcome was monitored by scoring using the APACHE III score , occurrence of acute renal failure , need and length of mechanical ventilation , and hospital mortality .
Blood samples on days 0 , 3 , 7 , and 14 were analyzed for serum selenium concentration and glutathione peroxidase ( GSH - Px ) activity .
MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS :
The median APACHE II score at admission , age , gender , underlying diseases , serum selenium levels , and GSH - Px activities at admission were identical in both groups .
In Se+ patients , serum selenium levels and GSH - Px activity normalized within 3 days , whereas in controls , both variables remained significantly low ( p < .0001 ) .
The APACHE III score decreased significantly in both groups but was significantly lower in the Se+ group ( day 3 , p > .05 ; day 7 , p = .018 ; and day 14 , p = .045 Se+ compared with Se- ) .
Hemodialysis with continuous veno-venous hemodialysis because of acute renal failure was necessary in nine Se- compared with three Se+ patients ( p = .035 ) .
Overall mortality in the Se- group was 52 % vs. 33.5 % in the Se+ group ( p = .13 ) .
CONCLUSIONS : Selenium replacement in patients with SIRS seems to improve clinical outcome and to reduce the incidence of acute renal failure requiring hemodialysis .
Selenium Level in Septic Patients Correlates with Clinical course
12 ) http://www.advancesinsepsis.com/pdfs/4407.pdf
Selenium in Early Sepsis : A Marker for Change ? by W Graham Carlos , MD , Curtis Ramsey MS , and Joseph Fraiz , MD St Vincent Hospital and Health Systems , Indianapolis , IN , USA
Adv Sepsis 2008 ;6( 3):99 –102 .
Previous studies of patients with severe oxidative stress have demonstrated decreases in GPX activity .
We examined the role of assessing serial
Se concentrations in 30 septic patients upon admission to the intensive care unit and found statistically significant correlations between trends in Se concentrations and clinical course .
Giladi – Vanderbilt - Selenium pluc C and E in the ICU
vitamin C , E , selenium
13 ) http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18596309
http://pen.sagepub.com/cgi/content/abstract/32/4/384
Impact of High - Dose Antioxidants on Outcomes in Acutely Injured Patients
JPEN J Parenter Enteral Nutr. 2008 Jul - Aug;32( 4) :384- 8. Bryan R. Collier , Aviram Giladi , Lesly A. Dossett , Lindsay Dyer , Sloan B. Fleming , Bryan A. Cotton , Vanderbilt University Medical Center , Nashville , Tennessee .
Background :
The profound oxidative stress that occurs following injury results in significant depletion of many endogenous antioxidants ( vitamin C , E , selenium ) .
Increasing evidence suggests antioxidant supplementation reduces infectious complications and organ dysfunction following injury and hemorrhagic shock .
The purpose of this study was to evaluate the impact of high - dose antioxidant administration on the mortality rate of acutely injured patients .
Methods :
In October 2005 , we implemented a 7 - day high - dose antioxidant protocol for acutely injured patients admitted to our trauma center .
A retrospective cohort study , evaluating all patients admitted to the trauma service between October 2005 and September 2006 following protocol implementation ( AO+ ) , was performed .
The comparison cohort ( AO– ) was made up of those patients admitted in the year prior to protocol implementation .
Results : A total of 4,294 patients met criteria ( AO+ , N = 2,272 ; AO– , N = 2022 ) .
Hospital ( 4 vs 3 days , P < .001 ) and ICU ( 3 vs 2 days , P = .001 ) median length of stays were significantly shorter in the AO+ group .
Mortality was significantly lower in the AO+ group ( 6.1 % vs 8.5 % , P = .001 ) , translating into a 28 % relative risk reduction for mortality in patients exposed to high - dose antioxidants .
After adjusting for age , gender , and probability of survival , AO exposure was associated with even lower mortality ( OR 0.32 , 95 % CI 0.22-0.46 ) .
Patients with an expected survival < 50 % benefited most ( OR 0.24 , 95 % CI 0.15 -0.37 ) .
Conclusions : A high - dose antioxidant protocol resulted in a 28 % relative risk reduction in mortality and a significant reduction in both hospital and ICU length of stay .
This protocol represents an inexpensive intervention to reduce mortality / morbidity in the trauma patient .
Giladi Anna Arbor - Post Injury
– Se , C , E in ICU – less ventilator dependence , less infection in Trauma Patients
( 14 ) http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20149369
Injury .
2010 Feb 9 . [ Epub ahead of print ]
High - dose antioxidant administration is associated with a reduction in post - injury complications in critically ill trauma patients .
by Giladi AM , Dossett LA , Fleming SB , Abumrad NN , Cotton BA .
Department of Surgery , University of Michigan , Ann Arbor , MI , United States .
Abstract
We recently demonstrated a high - dose antioxidant ( AO ) protocol was associated with reduction in mortality .
The purpose of this study was to evaluate the impact of AO on organ dysfunction and infectious complications following injury .
PATIENTS AND METHODS : High - dose AO protocol : ascorbic acid 1000 mg q 8h , alpha - tocopherol 1000 IU q 8h , and selenium 200 mcg qd for 7 - day course .
Retrospective cohort study evaluating all patients admitted after protocol implementation ( AO+ ) , October 1 , 2005 to September 30 , 2006 .
Comparison cohort ( AO - ) : all patients admitted in the year prior to implementation , October 1 , 2004 to September 30 , 2005 .
RESULTS : 2272 patients included in the AO + group , 2022 patients in the AO - group .
Demographics and injury severity were similar .
Abdominal compartment syndrome ( ACS ) ( 2.9 % vs. 0.7 % , < 0.001 ) , surgical site infections ( 2.7 % vs. 1.3 % , p=0.002 ) , pulmonary failure ( 27.6 % vs. 17.4 % , p<0.001 ) , and ventilator - dependent respiratory failure ( 10.8 % vs. 7.1 % , p<0.001 ) were significantly less in the AO+ group .
Multivariate regression showed 53 % odds reduction in abdominal wall complications and 38 % odds reduction in respiratory failure in the AO+ group .
CONCLUSIONS : Implementation of a high - dose AO protocol was associated with a reduction in respiratory failure and ventilator - dependence .
In addition , AO were associated with a marked decrease in abdominal wall complications , including ACS and surgical site infections .
Co
Trace Mineral Supplementation in Severe Burn patients in ICU reduces pneumonia in HALF
15 ) http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1794452
Crit Care .
2006 ; 10 ( 6 ) : R153 .
Reduction of nosocomial pneumonia after major burns by trace element supplementation : aggregation of two randomised trials
Mette M Berger , 1 Philippe Eggimann , 1 Daren K Heyland , 2 René L Chioléro, 1 Jean - Pierre Revelly , 1 Andrew Day , 2 Wassim Raffoul,3 and Alan Shenkin4
Intervention consisted of intravenous trace element supplements ( copper 2.5 to 3.1 mg/ day , selenium 315 to 380 μg/day , and zinc 26.2 to 31.4 mg / day ) for 8 to 21 days versus placebo .
A significant reduction in number of infections was observed in the supplemented patients , which decreased from 3.5 ± 1.2 to 2.0 ± 1.0 episodes per patient in placebo group ( p < 0.001 ) .
This was related to a reduction of nosocomial pneumonia , which occurred in 16 ( 80 % ) patients versus seven ( 33 % ) patients , respectively ( p < 0.001 ) , and of ventilator - associated pneumonia from 13 to six episodes , respectively ( p = 0.023 ) .
SIGNET – 10 - 15 % decrease in infection rates reported with selenium supplemented parenteral nutrition if given for at least 5 days
( 16 ) http://www.bapen.org.uk/res_press_signet_results.html
Issued : 15 October 2009 RESULTS OF ‘SIGNET ’ TRIAL REVEALED EXCLUSIVELY AT BAPEN CONFERENCE 2009 by Dr Alison Avenell , Health Services Research Unit , University of Aberdeen AB25 2ZD 2 Professor P J Andrews , Dept of Anaesthesia , Critical Care and Pain Medicine , University of Edinburgh , Western General Hospital , Edinburgh Scotland .
The SIGNET Trial – a randomised controlled trial of glutamine and / or selenium supplemented parenteral nutrition in critical illness .
10 - 15 % decrease in infection rates reported with selenium supplemented parenteral nutrition if given for at least 5 days
Dr Avenell reported a significant reduction in infection rates , such as pneumonia and c. difficile , with selenium supplemented parenteral nutrition ( PN ) in critically ill patients as long as the PN was administered for at least 5 days .
10 centres in Scotland recruited adult patients who had been in critical care for 48 hours and required PN for at least half of their nutritional requirements .
In the selenium arm , no clear benefit on mortality was observed but significant reduction in infection rates was observed as described above .
Selenium Level and Time on Ventilator in COPD patients
( 17 ) http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19761535
Respirology .
2009 Nov;14(8) :1180 - 7. Epub 2009 Sep 16 .
Serum trace element levels in COPD patient : the relation between trace element supplementation and period of mechanical ventilation in a randomized controlled trial .
El - Attar M , Said M , El - Assal G , Sabry NA , Omar E , Ashour L .
Chest Department , Faculty of Medicine , Ain Shams University , Cairo , Egypt .
The aim of the present study is to investigate the effect trace elements ( Se , Mn and Zn ) intravenously administered on the period the COPD patients spend on mechanical ventilation .
METHODS : In a randomized double - blinded controlled trial a set of 120 subjects ( 40 normal volunteers and 80 COPD ) were recruited .
Serum concentration levels of Se , Mn and Zn were determined for all enrolled subjects with Inductively Coupled Plasma spectroscopy .
COPD patients received intravenous supplementation of the above trace elements and the period the patients spent on mechanical ventilation was determined .
RESULTS : There was a significant reduction ( P = 0.013 ) in the period the patients with COPD spent on the mechanical ventilation when received intravenous supplementation ( 9.4 +/- 7.3 days ) compared with the COPD patients who received placebo ( 17.8 +/- 7.6 days ) .
CONCLUSIONS : Trace element ( Se , Mn and Zn ) status is altered in critically ill patients with COPD .
The supplementation achieved a reduction in the period those patients spent on the mechanical ventilation .
( 18 ) Selenium and Vit E down regulates inflammatory response in animal model of experimental vasculitis .
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11866925
Zhonghua Bing Li Xue Za Zhi. 2000 Aug;29(4):279-83 .
[ Study on the modulation of the inflammatory response in mouse hepatic vasculitis with sodium selenite and vitamin E antioxidants ] [ Article in Chinese ] by Xu M , Hou J , Wu Y , Ling Y. Institute of Basic Medical Sciences , Peking Union Medical College and Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences , Beijing 100005 , China .
OBJECTIVE :
To identify the regulatory effect of sodium selenite and vitamin E on complement - neutrophil - reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) - activation feedback mechanism - mediated inflammatory response .
METHODS : The modulation of inflammatory response through the complement - neutrophil - ROS - activation feedback cycle with sodium selenite and alpha - tocopherol was verified both in vitro tests by chemiluminescense technique and complement fixation to detect ROS production and complement activation as well as in vivo mouse hepatic vasculitis models to test for the regulation of the inflammatory response .
RESULTS : Convincing results were observed as the incidence of hepatic vasculitis dropped from 100 % in the control group down to 20 % in the seleno - antioxidant vitamin E treated group , indicating down regulation of the inflammatory response .
CONCLUSIONS : Elucidation of the mechanism of complement mediated inflammatory response is a promising area for new therapeutic developments in the modulation of inflammatory response .
This study suggests that selenium , vitamin E and other antioxidants may be the useful therapeutic agents in those disorders in which upregulation of inflammatory response has been implicated , e.g. ischemia , reperfusion injury , severe sepsis , rheumatoid arthritis and hepatitis .
_________________
Megadose Vitamins Reduce Bladder Cancer Recurrence
19 ) http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/8254816
J Urol . 1994 Jan;151( 1):21 - 6 .
Megadose vitamins in bladder cancer : a double - blind clinical trial .
Lamm DL , Riggs DR , Shriver JS , vanGilder PF , Rach JF , DeHaven JI .
Department of Urology , West Virginia University School of Medicine , Morgantown .
Epidemiological and laboratory studies suggest that vitamin supplements may be helpful in the prevention of some cancers but clinical trials to date have failed to demonstrate protection with naturally occurring vitamins .
Without substantiation of the highly touted benefits of vitamins , few physicians who care for cancer patients have recommended their use .
A total of 65 patients with biopsy confirmed transitional cell carcinoma of the bladder enrolled in a randomized comparison of intravesical bacillus Calmette - Guerin ( BCG ) with or without percutaneous administration was also randomized by closed envelope to therapy with multiple vitamins in the recommended daily allowance ( RDA ) versus RDA multivitamins plus 40,000 units vitamin A , 100 mg. vitamin B6 , 2,000 mg. vitamin C , 400 units vitamin E and 90 mg. zinc .
The addition of percutaneous BCG did not significantly lessen tumor recurrence but recurrence after 10 months was markedly reduced in patients receiving megadose vitamins .
The 5 - year estimates of tumor recurrence are 91 % in the RDA arm and 41 % in the megadose arm ( p = 0.0014 , Mantel - Cox ) .
Overall recurrence was 24 of 30 patients ( 80 % ) in the RDA arm and 14 of 35 ( 40 % ) in the high dose arm ( p = 0.0011 , 2 - tailed Fisher ’s exact test ) .
Megadose vitamins A , B6 , C and E plus zinc decrease bladder tumor recurrence in patients receiving BCG immunotherapy .
Further research will be required to identify which ingredient (s ) provide this protection .
IV Vitamin C for sepsis
20 ) Marik , Paul E. , et al .
“ Hydrocortisone , Vitamin C and Thiamine for the Treatment of Severe Sepsis and Septic Shock : A Retrospective Before - After Study . ” CHEST Journal ( 2016 ) .
Hydrocortisone Vitamin C and Thiamine for Sepsis Marik Paul E CHEST 2016
21 ) Vitamin C and sepsis :
The genie is now out of the bottle
Posted by : Thomas E. Levy , MD , JD in Vitamin C Benefits May 22 , 2017
naturalhealth365
22 ) Doctor used vitamin C to save almost 150 patients from certain death of sepsis .
Posted by : Dena Schmidt , staff writer in Vitamin C Benefits April 12 , 2017
23 ) Doctor Turns Up Possible Treatment For Deadly Sepsis
March 23 , 201712:01 AM
ET Heard on Morning Edition
24 ) Has sepsis met its match ?
New treatment may save millions around the world EVMS Magazine Eastern Virginia Medical School
25 ) Sepsis treatment protocol
Vitamin C : 1.5 g IV q 6 hourly for 4 days
Hydrocortisone : 50mg IV push q 6 hourly for 6 days
Thiamine : 200mg IV q 12 hourly for 4 days
_________________
Selenium and Cancer
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20424130
Cancer Prev Res ( Phila Pa ) .
2010 Apr 27 .
[ Epub ahead of print ]
A Large Prospective Study of SEP15 Genetic Variation , Interaction with Plasma Selenium Levels , and Prostate Cancer Risk and Survival .
Penney KL , Schumacher FR , Li H , Kraft P , Morris JS , Kurth T , Mucci LA , Hunter DJ , Kantoff PW , Stampfer MJ , Ma J .
The role of selenium in prostate cancer ( PCa ) risk remains controversial , but many epidemiologic studies suggest an inverse association with more aggressive disease .
A recently discovered selenoprotein , SEP15 , which is highly expressed in the prostate , may play a role either independently or by modifying the effects of selenium .
We genotyped four common single - nucleotide polymorphisms capturing common variation ( frequency > 5 % ; R( 2 ) > 0.8 ) within SEP15 , as well as rs5859 in the 3 ′ untranslated region , previously reported to reduce the efficiency of selenium incorporation into SEP15 .
We examined the association of these single - nucleotide polymorphisms with PCa risk and PCa - specific mortality , as well as their interactions with plasma selenium levels , in the Physicians ’ Health Study .
In this nested case - control study ( 1,286 cases and 1,267 controls ) , SEP15 polymorphisms were not significantly associated with PCa risk .
However , among the cases , three variants were significantly associated with PCa - specific mortality [ rs479341 hazard ratio ( HR ) , 1.94 ; 95 % confidence interval ( 95 % CI ) , 1.15 -3.25 ; rs1407131 HR , 2.85 ; 95 % CI , 1.45-5.59 ; rs561104 HR , 1.54 ; 95 % CI , 1.12 - 2.11 ] with a recessive model .
Additionally , rs561104 significantly modified the association of plasma selenium with PCa survival ( P( interaction ) = 0.02 ) ; an inverse relationship of high levels of selenium with PCa mortality was apparent only among those without the increased risk genotype .
This study provides evidence that SEP15 genetic variation may influence PCa mortality .
Additionally , the association of selenium with PCa mortality was modified by a variant , suggesting the possibility that some men with PCa may benefit more from selenium than others , depending on their genotype .
Cancer Prev Res ; 3 ( 5 ) ; 604-10 . ( c)2010 AACR .
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20413070
J Trace Elem Med Biol .
2010 Apr;24(2) :119-23 . Epub 2009 Oct 23 .
Supplementation of selenium reduces chemical hepatocarcinogenesis in male Sprague - Dawley rats .
Alwahaibi N , Mohamed J , Alhamadani A. Department of Biomedical Sciences , Faculty of Allied Health Sciences , Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia ( UKM ) , Julan Raja Muda Abdul Aziz , 50300 Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
The results showed that the number and sizes of hepatic nodules in pre- and post - selenium treatment groups significantly decreased ( P< 0.05 ) compared with the positive control .
Microscopic analysis of pre- and post - selenium groups showed that the majority of nodules were hyperplastic with preserved liver architecture , whereas the positive control was full of neoplastic nodules with a completely disrupted liver architecture .
Hence , pre- and post - selenium treatments can reduce the extent of liver cancer on chemically induced hepatocarcinogenesis in rats .
ACAM Rebuttal Supporting Vitamins
http://acam.typepad.com/blog/2009/09/selling-the-vitamins-dont-work-myth-whats-the-real-story.html
September 02 , 2009 Selling the “ Vitamins Don’t Work ” Myth : What ’s the Real Story ?
by John Pittman , MD
In recent years , newspapers have been trumpeting the news that vitamins C , D and E — as well as multi-vitamins preparations — do not prevent heart attack , stroke or cancer .
These reports have led to a great deal of confusion and disillusionment among health - conscious consumers , many of whom already take supplements and are genuinely interested in practical ways to bolster their health and well - being .
But is it really true that vitamin supplements are a waste of money and possibly even harmful for you ?
What are we to make of recent media pronouncements that most people are popping these pills without deriving any benefit whatsoever ?
http://www.biomedcentral.com/content/pdf/cc5109.pdf
Seleno - enzymes and seleno - compounds : the two faces of selenium by Xavier Forceville
http://ccforum.com/content/10/6/180
BioMed Central
Selenium protects cells and inhibits many inflammatory cell mechanisms through antioxidant seleno - enzymes .
Immunity improvement is illustrated by the study of Berger and colleagues , with reduction of nosocomial pneumonia in burnt patients under multitrace -
element supplementation .
As seleno - compounds ( especially sodium selenite ) are pro-oxidant , however , administration above 800 μg / day may be dangerous in septic shock .
Paradoxically ,
direct reversible pro-oxidative effects of seleno - compounds may also be beneficial for reduction of inflammation ( genomic action , apoptosis ) , and may even be bactericidal or virucidal .
These facts need to be further examined , as well as the possible dramatic drop
of plasma selenoprotein P in septic shock and its role in endothelium protection .
Link to this article : http://wp.me/P3gFbV-zL
Jeffrey Dach MD
7450 Griffin Road Suite 190
Davie , Florida 33314
954-792-4663
http://www.jeffreydach.com/
http://www.drdach.com/
http://www.naturalmedicine101.com/
http://www.truemedmd.com/
http://www.bioidenticalhormones101.com/
Disclaimer click here : http://www.drdach.com/wst_page20.html
The reader is advised to discuss the comments on these pages with his / her personal physicians and to only act upon the advice of his / her personal physician .
Also note that concerning an answer which appears as an electronically posted question , I am NOT creating a physician — patient relationship .
Although identities will remain confidential as much as possible , as I can not control the media , I can not take responsibility for any breaches of confidentiality that may occur .
Copyright ( c ) 2014 Jeffrey Dach MD All Rights Reserved
This article may be reproduced on the internet without permission , provided there is a link to this page and proper credit is given .
FAIR USE NOTICE :
This site contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner .
We are making such material available in our efforts to advance understanding of issues of significance .
We believe this constitutes a ‘ fair use ’ of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the US Copyright Law .
In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C.
Section 107 , the material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes .
Last updated on by
It 's the biggest day of the year for US advertising with companies spending between $ 2.5 m and $ 2.8 m to ensure their product is seen by the widest possible audience , but this year 's Super Bowl Sunday threatens to be overshadowed by controversy over one of the 30 - second slots .
The advert in question ?
A commercial on behalf of the evangelical Christian organisation Focus on the Family , featuring the University of Florida 's star ­quarterback Tim Tebow and his mother Pam , which is expected to focus on her decision to ignore medical advice to have an abortion .
The almost $ 3 m advert , which Focus on the Family says was paid for by donations , contravenes a network policy regarding the type of ads shown during the Super Bowl .
Several online petitions have called on CBS to pull the ad and 2,288 people joined a Facebook group pointing out the hypocrisy by saying : " Tell CBS Reject The Focus On The Family Ad Or Accept The UCC's ! " UCC refers to the United Church of Christ .
" Super Bowl ads are traditionally about making people laugh and , while there 's no doubting the sincerity of Tebow 's beliefs , I think people will find this jarring , " says Clay Travis , an author and journalist who has written extensively about Tebow .
Rejected ads
" It 's such a flashpoint subject and I 'm surprised that CBS would go there after the fuss that was caused by Janet Jackson 's nipple .
It 's not even a matter of whether you 're pro-life or pro-choice , I think most people would find an advert dealing with abortion to be out of place during the Super Bowl , " Travis adds .
Nor is it just a case of the ad appearing to be a bad fit with the Super Bowl 's dancing lizards , singing frogs and magic fridges .
Networks have previously made a point of rejecting advocacy adverts for Super Bowl slots – last year NBC rejected an anti-abortion advertisement on behalf of Catholicvote.org which used images of President Obama alongside the caption " Life . Imagine The Potential " , in addition to one about marriage equality .
Nor were these groups alone – MoveOn.org and Peta are among those to have seen their commercials turned down while in 2004 CBS rejected an ad on behalf of the United Church of Christ targeting gay parishioners with the tagline : " Jesus Didn't Turn People Away .
Neither Do We . "
At the time , CBS claimed it had a policy of refusing advertising that " touches on and / or takes a position on one side of a current controversial issue of public importance " .
In contrast its response to the proposed Focus on Family commercial has been altogether more vague , stressing that " [ CBS 's ] standards and practices continue to adhere to a policy that insures that all ads on all sides of an issue are appropriate for air " .
Officially the network has only approved the scripts and could still pull the advertisement before 7 February , but the general belief is that it is unlikely to do so .
So why this advertisement and why now ?
Focus on the Family takes a notoriously hardline stance on issues such as abortion and gay marriage .
Its founder , James Dobson , has long been a polarising figure who infamously claimed that " homosexuals want to destroy the institution of marriage " ; and the group 's political wing , Focus on the Family Action , ran into trouble last year when it ran an ad on its website calling on members to pray for " a rain of biblical proportions " during Barack Obama 's acceptance speech .
A year , however , is a long time in politics and while an anti-abortion advertisement would have been unlikely two weeks after Obama 's inauguration , many social conservatives feel that with emotions running high over healthcare reforms and the economy , public feeling is swinging back towards them .
More important than that , though , is the man who will star in the commercial , the 22 - year - old Tebow , who two years ago became the first sophomore player ever to win the prestigious Heisman Trophy , and is arguably more famous as a college quarterback than many NFL players , with eight Sports Illustrated covers and an ESPN documentary to his name .
On a mission
The home - schooled son of missionaries who wears black make - up referencing biblical passages during games , Tebow has repeatedly talked about his " mission " , noting that football enables him to spread " God 's word " and making it clear that his talent at the sport ( he is expected to be one of the highest picks in this year 's NFL draft ) is secondary to his religious beliefs .
" The key to understanding why they 've agreed to this advertisement definitely lies with Tebow , " says Travis .
" Without him I do n't think that CBS would have agreed the ad , he 's the most famous religious figure under 40 in this country ; but it 's still an interesting decision to run the ad because once you 've done so you can't go back .
It opens the way for Super Bowl ads to become what they 've never been – political . "
And even within CBS not everyone is happy about that .
In an impassioned piece which ran last week on the CBS sports website , columnist Gregg Doyel wrote about his unhappiness with the network , while admitting that the advert itself may make him cry .
" I 'm not complaining about the ad because it 's anti-abortion and I 'm not , " Doyel wrote .
" I 'm complaining about the ad because it 's pro-politics and I 'm not .
Not on Super Sunday …
It 's not a day to discuss abortion .
For it , against it , I do n't care what you are … [ this ] is simply not the day to have that discussion . "
On 7 February CBS will find out whether the rest of America agrees .
A Northern California sex offender with a history of parole violations cut off his ankle monitor and went on a two - day crime spree in which he tried to rob or kidnap several women and teenage girls at knifepoint in the San Diego area , authorities said .
Leonard Scroggins , 32 , was arrested at a park in National City on Wednesday after police spotted a minivan with a license plate number matching that provided by a purse - snatching victim .
He remained jailed without bail on Friday after being booked for robbery , assault with a deadly weapon , evading a peace officer and attempted kidnapping .
The district attorney 's office said it expected to charge him Monday .
Scroggins , who was released from state prison in March , removed a GPS bracelet strapped to his ankle and left Napa County on Monday , parole officials said .
The tampering automatically alerted parole officials and a warrant for his arrest was issued .
Scroggins is believed to have demanded money from a 17 - year - old girl in Chula Vista at about 9 p.m .
Tuesday but she ran off , said Chula Vista police Capt .
Gary Wedge .
Scroggins also is suspected of trying to pull a woman into a car less than an hour later , Wedge said .
The woman struggled and was stabbed in the arm before she broke free and ran , he said .
Scroggins also is suspected of stealing a purse in National City Wednesday afternoon and later putting a knife to the throat of a 13 - year - old girl and trying to drag her into his car .
State Corrections records show that Scroggins has a history of parole violations .
He was paroled in 1999 after serving time for violating a state law prohibiting aiding or abetting rape or penetration with a foreign object but went back to prison that same year , and again in 2001 and 2002 for parole violations .
In 2004 he was imprisoned for making a terrorist threat .
He was released in January but was back in custody the next month for parole violations , before finally being released March 6 .
After his release , Scroggins had registered as a transient sex offender , said Napa County sheriff 's Capt .
Tracey Stuart .
Monday , authorities received an allegation that Scroggins had fondled a 14 - year - old relative during a family gathering May 13 , and investigating deputies then determined that his location monitor was no longer working , Stuart said .
Chaos often breeds life , when order breeds habit .
~ Henry Adams
How often do discussions on the prospects of a stateless society produce the response that , without government , there would be " anarchy in the streets " ?
To many people , the streets are symbolic of society , and with good reason : they are the most visible networks through which we interact with one another .
They are much like the major arteries ( we even use that word to describe streets ) , veins , and capillaries that transport blood throughout our bodies .
Each can be thought of as the carrier of both food and waste to and from individual cells .
The thought that city streets — upon which we depend for daily functioning — could ever become disorderly , leads most people to accept a governmental policing function of such avenues without much question .
We imagine that without speed limits , traffic lights at busy intersections , and all of the varied warnings plastered on tens of thousands of signs that encumber streets in our cities , driving would become a turbulent and destructive undertaking .
For a number of years now , a number of cities in Europe have been experimenting with the removal of all traffic signs — including traffic lights , stop signs , speed limit directives — and with surprising results .
Various towns in the Netherlands , Germany , Belgium , Sweden , New Zealand — even the UK ! — have joined in the experiment .
Contrary to the expectations of those who might expect multi-car pileups throughout the cities , traffic accidents have been dramatically reduced ( in one town , dropping from about eight per year to fewer than two ) .
Part of the reason for the increased safety relates to the fact that , without the worry of offending traffic sign mandates , or watching for police speed - traps , or checking the rear - view mirror for police motorcycles , drivers have more time to pay attention to other cars and pedestrians .
In Restraint of Trade : ... Butler Shaffer , Butler ... Check Amazon for Pricing .
The architect of this experiment , the late Hans Monderman , attributed its success to the fact that " it is dangerous , which is exactly what we want . "
" Unsafe is safe " was the title of a conference held on this practice .
Monderman added that this effort " shifts the emphasis away from the Government taking the risk , to the driver being responsible for his or her own risk . "
Equally significant , drivers now focus more of their attention on other motorists — taking visual cues from one another , informally negotiating for space , turning into an intersection , etc. — instead of mechanistically responding to signs and electronic machines .
Monderman stated : " When you do n’t know exactly who has right of way , you tend to seek eye contact with other road users .
You automatically reduce your speed , you have contact with other people and you take greater care . "
He added : " The many rules strip us of the most important thing : the ability to be considerate .
We ’re losing our capacity for socially responsible behavior . "
In words so applicable to the rest of our politically - structured lives , he declared : " The greater the number of prescriptions , the more people ’s sense of personal responsibility dwindles . "
Monderman expressed the matter more succinctly in saying : " When you treat people like idiots , they ’ll behave like idiots . "
Formal rules divide us from one another ; the more rules that are imposed upon our conduct , the greater the distances among us .
Of course , this is the logic upon which the state always acts : to insinuate itself into our relationships with others , substituting its coercively - enforced edicts for our interpersonal bargaining .
We become conditioned to look upon strangers as threats , and to regard political intervention as our only means of looking after our own interests .
Boundaries of Order : P... Butler D. Shaffer Best Price : $ 8.25 Buy New $ 989.90 ( as of 11:14 EST - Details )
One sees this mindset of social impotence expressed throughout our lives .
I am fond of asking my students why they do not negotiate with retailers for groceries , clothing , and other consumer items .
They look at me as though I had suggested they attend movies in the nude .
" You ca n’t do that , " they instinctively respond .
I then offer examples of persons I have known who make a habit of such bargaining , managing to save themselves hundreds or more dollars each year .
Incredulity still prevails .
On one occasion , a student raised his hand to inform the class that he had been an assistant manager of a major retail store in Los Angeles , adding " we did this all the time . "
How easily we give up on our own social skills , and at what costs .
These experiments with traffic - sign abandonment remind us how much we rely upon informal methods of negotiating with other drivers , and the socially - harmonious benefits of our doing so .
My own freeway driving experiences provide an example : if another driver signals to move into my lane , or I signal to move into his , more than a simple lane - change takes place .
From that point on , there is nothing this other motorist can do — short of intentionally crashing into my car — that will cause me to feel anger toward him .
He ’s " my guy , " and I will feel a sense of neighborliness to him that will generate feelings of protectiveness toward him .
" Neighborliness " is a good word to use here : how many of us could honk our horn or make angry hand - gestures at another driver we recognized to be someone that we know ?
Calculated Chaos : Inst ... Butler D. Shaffer , But ... Best Price : $ 6.73 Buy New $ 41.95 ( as of 05:30 EST - Details )
This is one of the unintended consequences of taking the state out of the business of directing our traffic : we regain our sense of society with others ; strangers lose their abstractness , and become more like neighbors to us .
If you doubt the pragmatic and social benefits of these experiments , try recalling those occasions in which a traffic light goes out at a major intersection .
Motorists immediately — and without any external direction — begin a " round - robin " system of taking turns proceeding through the intersection .
One of my seminar students related her experience in this connection .
She was parked at the curb , waiting to pick up her mother .
She noted that traffic was flowing quite smoothly , and without any significant delays .
Then a police officer showed up to direct the traffic , with gridlock quickly ensuing .
A number of years ago , someone wrote an op - ed piece in the Los Angeles newspaper , reporting on a major Beverly Hills intersection where some six lanes of traffic converge .
There were no traffic lights governing the situation , with motorists relying on the informal methods of negotiating with one another .
The writer — who lives in the area — commented upon the resulting orderliness , going so far as to check police records to confirm just how free of accidents this intersection was .
How counter - intuitive so much of this is to those who have become conditioned to think that the state is the creator of order in our lives .
In much the same way that people are discovering how widespread gun ownership reduces violent crime in society , putting power back into the hands of individuals is the most effective way of fostering both the responsible and harmonious relationships we have so childishly expected to arise from our dependence upon , and obedience to , external authorities .
What if the idea of living without coercively imposed rules was to spread from the streets into all phases of our lives ?
What if we abandoned our habits of looking to others to civilize us and bring us to order , and understood that obedience to others makes us irresponsible ?
As government people - pushers continue their efforts to micro-manage the details of our lives — what foods and drugs we may ingest ; how we are to raise and educate our children ; the kinds of cars we may drive and light bulbs we may use ; the health - care we are to receive ; our optimal weight levels ; how we are to provide for our retirement ; ad nauseam — might we summon the courage to end our neurotic fixations on " security ? "
Might the quality of our lives be greatly enhanced by the transformation in thinking implicit in these traffic experiments ?
Might they offer flashes of insight into how the individual liberty to assess our own risks and freely act upon the choices we make provide the necessary basis for a life that is both materially and spiritually meaningful ?
As our institutionalized subservience and dependency continues to destroy us , can we learn that what we and our neighbors have in common is our need to negotiate with and to support one another as autonomous and changing people in a changing and uncertain world ?
( Those interested in reading more about this experiment , can google " european cities remove traffic signs , " and find links to many articles on the subject . )
The Best of Butler Shaffer
Reviewing Mega Man 10 is something of a pointless task .
While 2008 ’s Mega Man 9 returned to the series ’ roots in an unprecedented fashion , the 10th title in the main line of games is , quite frankly , more of the same .
It ’s 8 - bit platforming goodness right down to the occasional sprite flicker and while nostalgia might have you downloading this title without a second thought , you might want to reconsider .
The fact is that the Mega Man formula has begun to show its age .
It ’s been around for over two decades , and as well designed the 10th iteration may be , a few hours of playing it will make you remember why the series died in the first place .
It ’s the same thing that we ’ve always had .
A thin layer of story that ’s entirely in service to the Eight Robot Masters , Dr. Wily , and their respective stages .
For those who did n’t play Mega Man 9 , gameplay is modeled after Mega Man 2 , meaning the Blue Bomber has no power slide or charge shot .
If you want to enjoy those gameplay elements , you can play through the game as Proto Man , who is included in the main game this time around as opposed to an add-on .
Bass is slated to make an appearance when the first batch of DLC comes around on April 5th , and his powerups include an arm cannon that can fire in 7 directions , his power dash that allows for longer jumps , and his companion , Treble .
It plays just like the old school titles in every way that matters , but Capcom has managed to include a few enhancements that make the game more enjoyable .
First and foremost is the new ‘ Easy Mode , ’ which is a bit of a misnomer .
Granted , it ’s a cakewalk when compared to ‘ Normal Mode , ’ but it ’s not like all of the challenge has been removed .
Another feature is the ability to switch your weapons using the shoulder buttons –something that is , to say the least , invaluable .
In addition to being so much more efficient than pausing to change weapons , it allows for new strategies involving rapid weapon - swapping .
The weapons do exactly what you ’d expect them to and sometimes more .
In addition to each weapon being the Achilles Heel of a certain Robot Master , some allow you to climb walls and perform other unique maneuvers .
But none are so overpowered that you ’ll be able to breeze through stages .
In the end , it ’s just as much about timing and reflexes as it was twenty years ago , although things like the Item Shop will provide invaluable assistance .
Mega Man 10 introduces Challenge Mode , a series of tests that will help you hone your skills and earn you Trophies / Achievements .
They range from perplexedly simple to infuriatingly difficult and the dialogue box that pops up telling you your objective each time you begin will grow increasingly annoying as you retry the harder Challenges .
Stages are deviously designed around the principles of trial & error .
Memorization is the only way to beat each stage and the order in which you tackle the stages makes a huge difference .
The levels are a blast to play and the feeling of accomplishment when you flawlessly complete a ‘ disappearing box ’ platforming segment is quite invigorating .
However , there ’s only so many times that an enemy can hit you while in mid-air and send you tumbling to your doom before it starts to wear thin .
Fortunately , mid -level checkpoints cut down on the repetition .
Graphically , the game sticks to the 8 - bit style , though it ’s somewhat disappointing that it ’s in 3:4 aspect ratio .
The soundtrack is full of compositions that ’ll get your adrenaline pumping and all of the classic sound effects and enemies make triumphant returns .
Mega Man 10 is not to be taken lightly .
It separates the men from the boys and it will test your skills and patience like nothing else in today ’s gaming landscape .
For Elder - Geeks , it ’s a welcome trip down memory lane with a few modifications to make it more accessible and less aggravating , but expect just as many ‘ cheap ’ deaths as before .
Just like its predecessors , it ’s the kind of game you ’ll love one minute and hate the next .
You ’ll probably play it , rage quit , and come back to it later , but there ’s some kind of charm to that .
Or maybe we ’re all just masochists .
Do you employ unpaid student interns — college students who work in exchange for on - the - job training ?
If so , President Obama 's Labor Department says that you 're an exploiter .
The government says an internship is OK only if it meets six criteria , among them that the employer must get " no immediate advantage " from the intern 's activities .
In fact , the employer 's work " may be impeded . "
Impeded ?
No immediate advantage ?
I 'm in trouble , then .
I have an intern at Fox Business News , and I 'm getting immediate advantages from her work all the time .
I 've had interns my whole career and gotten lots of immediate advantage from them .
Occasionally , I 've been impeded — but the better interns did the research that made my work possible .
I 'd asked my TV bosses to pay for research help , but they said , " You think we 're made of money ? "
So I asked colleges if students wanted internships .
Many did , and from then on I got much of my best help from unpaid college students .
Did I exploit them ?
Obama 's Labor Department says it 's hired 250 new investigators to catch exploiters like me .
I tried to get the department to answer my questions on tonight 's FBN show , but it declined .
So I invited Village Voice writer Anya Kamenetz , who wrote a column titled " Take This Internship and Shove It " in The New York Times .
" We have minimum wage laws in this country for a very good reason , " she replied .
" We had them to avoid exploitation like child labor .
But what 's wrong with a free internship if a student learns something about the career he wants to pursue ?
I was a little stunned by Kamenetz 's answer : " Employers could say we cannot afford to pay anybody , so why should we be forced to pay the guy who cleans the floors ? "
Because they would n't get people to clean floors if they did n't pay .
But I guess I should n't expect a New York writer to understand markets .
" Interns are people that come in and work for below minimum wage , " she said .
" They pull the bottom out of the labor market , and it 's less fair for everybody . "
So it should be banned ?
" There are a lot of ways to fill in the need for interns and the need for college students to get experience .
One way is for colleges to pay stipends . "
But they wo n't .
" They will if the law is enforced .
Another way is for companies to hire students that are eligible for federal work - study . "
Oh , I see .
The taxpayers should pay for my interns .
" Nobody is saying that these interns should go away , " Kamenetz added .
" What they 're saying is a company should put money in their budgets to pay people the minimum wage to work for them , and that is just the basic issue of fairness .
If you start working for free , where 's it going to end ? "
Give me a break .
It would end when the interns have the skills to earn market salaries .
Minimum - wage law and union rules already killed off apprentice jobs on construction sites .
Contractors say :
If I must pay high union wages , I 'll hire experienced workers .
I 'd lose money if I hired a kid and helped him learn on the job .
My interns often told me that working — unpaid — at WCBS or ABC was the best learning experience of their lives : " I learned more from you than at college , and I did n't have to pay tuition ! "
It was good for them and good for me .
Kamenetz said , " Studies show that when companies pay their interns , they design the internships better . "
Please .
A few years ago , my old employer , ABC , started paying our interns .
That was good for well - connected students who got internships , but bad for those who were turned down .
ABC cut the number of interns by more than half .
There 's no free lunch .
What 's happened to the rights of contract and free association ?
If student and employer come to an agreement , both expect to benefit or it would n't happen .
The student is no indentured servant .
If the employer " exploits " the student , the student can quit .
The contract ought to be nobody 's business but theirs .
Butt out , federal bullies .
Grown - ups can take care of ourselves .
John Stossel is host of Stossel on the Fox Business Network .
He 's the author of Give Me a Break and of Myth , Lies , and Downright Stupidity .
To find out more about John Stossel , visit his site at johnstossel.com .
COPYRIGHT 2010 BY JFS PRODUCTIONS , INC .
DISTRIBUTED BY CREATORS.COM
The population of the TARDIS rises from two to three this week when Amy 's fiancé Rory arrives on board .
Still reeling from Amy 's pass at him , The Doctor decides to pick up the - one - with - the - big - nose and take a trip to 16th century Venice - " an early wedding present " , as he brands it .
This particular gift comes with an added bonus , however : vampires !
Read on for our ten teasers about ' The Vampires Of Venice ' :
1. Rory is halfway through his stag do when The Doctor arrives to collect him .
And it 's quite an entrance .
2 . On entering the TARDIS , Rory does n't really say what The Doctor wants him to .
3. The First Doctor makes an appearance .
4 . The ' vampires ' like Amy .
Who can blame them ?
She 's delicious !
5 . " Where are you from ?
Did you **** ******* the *****? "
6 . Ever wanted to see The Doctor get electrocuted ?
Luck 's in .
7 . " Some tiny .
Some were as big as the sky . "
8 . What 's 10,000 in number and waiting in the water ?
9 . Amy enjoys a massive snog with either Rory or The Doctor .
Right in front of the other .
10 . " All I can **** is ... *******. "
What do you make of our teasers ?
Add your comments to this entry below !
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Percolators are additional filtration chambers located inside a bong or water pipe , usually inside the main chamber or within the tube on the way to the mouthpiece .
Here at Everyonedoesit , we carry an enormous range of percolator bongs from all the leading manufacturers such as Grav Labs and many more .
Use code PERC10 for 10 % off all Percolator Bongs
Most Popular Percolator Bongs for Sale :
The more percolators in your bong , the more filtration your smoke will have to go through - resulting in a smoother , cleaner taste with every hit .
You 'll find that percolators are a feature of glass bongs in particular , as glass is such a versatile material that can be easily moulded and blown to create a variety of different types of percolators .
And the more percolators in your bong , the more filtration your smoke will have to go through , which means an even cleaner , cooler draw .
Since glass does n't produce any taste of its own , it 's also one of the best materials for using to make a bong as it wo n't taint the taste of your smoke .
This , coupled with a great percolator filtration system results in the smoothest taste possible with every hit .
Working Principle of Percolator Bongs
Although there are many different styles of percolator , the basic principle is the same with each style : smoke and water are forced through the percolator by the negative pressure from the user inhaling on the bong .
Firstly , this accelerates heat transfer – that is , the hot smoke is rapidly cooled by the bubbling , aerated water .
Secondly , this action breaks up the smoke into finer particles , increasing the surface area .
Again , this cools the smoke as well as filtering out some of the harmful carcinogens and particulates from the hit .
The result is a spectacular bubbling action and a smooth , cool hit every time .
Buy from Your Favorite Brand at EveryoneDoesIt
Here at Everyonedoesit , we carry an enormous range of percolator bongs from all the leading manufacturers such as Grav Labs and many more .
With dome percs , tree percolators , honeycomb percs , showerhead diffusers , and dozens of other dazzling designs , our choice of percolator bongs is second to none .
Always consider everyonedoesit.com for Percolator Bongs online Free Shipping on all orders over $ 50 .
Tensions between North and South Korea escalated further on Friday , as the North confiscated five South Korean - owned hotels in a jointly operated mountain resort area .
Pyongyang officials also warned that the two nations are on the brink of war after a South Korean ship mysteriously sank last month .
The seizure of the hotels represents a highly symbolic statement against pursuing peace , as the hotels were located in North Korea 's Mount Kumgang .
The resort area had been established so families separated by the 1950 - 53 war could visit one another .
China ’s Xinhua news agency called the tours a “ longstanding but fragile symbol of peace on the Korean Peninsula . ”
Officials in the communist nation accused South Korean President Lee Myung - bak of seeking out “ confrontation ” with it and added that cross border tours would be permanently stopped .
South Korea had suspended activity at the resort after a tourist was allegedly shot by North Korean soldiers in 2008 , reports The New York Times .
North Korean officials said their government was now taking control of the resorts as compensation for the resultant loss of revenues .
“ This only shows that North Korea is not an entity with which one can do normal commercial deals and business , ” said the South Korean government in a statement quoted in The New York Times .
“ We make it clear that the North Korea should be held responsible for worsening South - North Korean relations . ”
It seems unlikely that tours will resume anytime soon without high - level diplomatic talks , reports The Korea Times .
North Korean officials said they would expel any South Koreans who are working in the facilities , but they remain undecided whether the government will take control of the facilities or if they will be given to private tourism agencies to operate .
The decision to confiscate the resort properties is heavily linked to recent tensions between the two nations .
The South has accused North Korea of involvement in sinking the Cheonan on March 26 near their maritime boundary , with the South 's defense minister suggesting that a torpedo likely sunk the naval warship .
The North has denied any involvement in the incident that killed 39 South Korean sailors .
This week , President Lee criticized the North 's annual April 15 fireworks display to mark birthday of the late Kim Il - sung .
According to the Associated Press , North Korea allegedly spent $ 5.4 million on fireworks on birthday celebration for the current leader 's father .
Given the food shortages in the North , Mr. Lee said the money would have been better spent trying to provide food for the nation ’s citizens .
Tit - for - tat , the North then called Lee a “ traitor ” for criticizing the elaborate firework display .
In addition to tensions over the sunken warship and Lee 's remarks , relations were further strained April 21 when the South apprehended two North Korean agents who had reportedly entered the country to assassinate Hwang Jang - yop , a prominent North Korean who defected to the South 13 years ago .
“ The situation has reached such extreme phase that it is at the crossroads of a war or peace , much less thinking of the resumption of the tour , ” said a North Korean state agency in a report by Agence France - Presse .
However , in his clearest remarks yet that the South will not unilaterally resume its war with the North , President Lee on Friday said " we 'll try to cooperate with the international community in taking necessary measures when the results are out , " according to Yonhap news agency .
Related stories :
This is a tar -bal archive of the arXiv : he - th ( High Enegry Physics : Theory ) citation datbase from www.arxiv.org, created specifically for the KDD Cup 2003 challenge held in conjunction with the 9th Annal ACM SIGKDD ( Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining ) .
See http://www.cs.cornell.edu/projects/kddcup/index.html
[ Haskell - cafe ] ANNOUNCE : Packages for computer vision , robotics , and FRP plus demo video of haskell - controlled robot
I 'm pleased to announce the first public release , and a new version ( still in " alpha " stage ) of the following packages on hackage : - cv-combinators < http://hackage.haskell.org/package/cv-combinators>:
Functional Combinators for Computer Vision ( currently mostly a high level functional wrapper for HOpenCV ) - Includes , among others , high - level code to get images from a webcam , detect faces , and show results in a window .
- HOpenCV < http://hackage.haskell.org/package/HOpenCV>:
Low - level bindings for the OpenCV computer vision library ( for now , quite minimal but includes among others haar detection that can be used for face detection ) - allocated - processor < http://hackage.haskell.org/package/allocated-processor>:
Functional combinators for monadic actions that require allocation and de-allocation , and ( building on that ) a basic FRP framework that includes a generalized operator for expressing strictly causal systems - RMP < http://hackage.haskell.org/package/RMP>:
Binding to code that controls a Segway RMP .
Both RMP and cv-combinators include demo programs ( under / src ) .
Reading the code is highly recommended for people who are interested in using the packages .
The demo program in the RMP package was used to control the robot in the following video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZblWWxeLsY&feature=player_embedded
More information can be found at : http://www.ee.bgu.ac.il/~noamle/
< http://www.ee.bgu.ac.il/%7Enoamle/>
Enjoy , Noam Lewis
-------------- next part
--------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed ...
URL : http://www.haskell.org/pipermail/haskell-cafe/attachments/20100525/22c41369/attachment.html
Simply put : we need money to pay the bills .
If you use EULAlyzer , and are happy with it , we 'd love if you would consider donating
Making EULAs
Easy Discover if the software you 're about to install displays pop-up ads , transmits personally identifiable information , uses unique identifiers to track you , or much much more .
EULAlyzer can analyze license agreements in seconds , and provide a detailed listing of potentially interesting words and phrases .
The Benefits Discover potentially hidden behavior about the software you 're going to install
Pick up on things you missed when reading license agreements
Keep a saved database of the license agreements & documents you view
Instant results - super - fast analysis in just a second
And with additional features like the EULA Research Center , which optionally allows users to anonymously submit license agreements they scan to help us to further improve the program , everyone can be a part of the effort to make something that used to be so tedious , so easy .
Know What You 're Getting Into
When installing software , never just click past the license agreement .
When joining a new site , do n't just write off the privacy policy as too long and verbose to read .
Pop it into EULAlyzer , and EULAlyze it !
* Note : This program does not provide legal advice .
It can only highlight information that you may want to consider before making your own decision whether to agree to a license agreement or not .
You should always consult a lawyer ( or other authorized individual ) for advice on legal issues .
Discover if the software you 're about to install displays pop-up ads , transmits personally identifiable information , uses unique identifiers to track you , or much much more .
EULAlyzer can analyze license agreements in seconds , and provide a detailed listing of potentially interesting words and phrases .
And with additional features like the EULA Research Center , which optionally allows users to anonymously submit license agreements they scan to help us to further improve the program , everyone can be a part of the effort to make something that used to be so tedious , so easy .
When installing software , never just click past the license agreement .
When joining a new site , do n't just write off the privacy policy as too long and verbose to read .
Pop it into EULAlyzer , and EULAlyze it !* Note :
This program does not provide legal advice .
It can only highlight information that you may want to consider before making your own decision whether to agree to a license agreement or not .
You should always consult a lawyer ( or other authorized individual ) for advice on legal issues .
License agreements - a pain ?
End user license agreements ( EULAs ) are the bane of most computer users .
No one wants to read through pages and pages of boring text before installing a program .
And many programs put their license agreements in small windows that require lots of scrolling .
So many people either skim them or skip reading them altogether .
But it can be dangerous not to read license agreements .
License agreements can provide information about the intentions of software , and other bundled components .
Have you ever installed a program , only to have your desktop taken over by advertising ?
It was likely noted in the license agreement that you simply clicked past .
Programs that track users , display annoying advertising , and do all kinds of other potentially unwanted things often bury that information in their license agreements - and rarely show it anywhere else .
If you are n't reading the license agreements , you have no idea what you could be agreeing to .
More talks from 10th All Hands Meeting of the UC San Diego Temporal Dynamics of Learning Center .
More talks from 27th Annual Usha Mahajani Symposium on Molecular Medicine .
More talks from Stem Cell Meeting on the Mesa 2015 .
More talks from UC San Diego Division of Regenerative Medicine 1st Annual Symposium .
More talks from Convergence 2014 .
More talks from Stem Cell Meeting on the Mesa 2014 .
More talks from Stem Cell Meeting on the Mesa 2013 .
More talks from the Industry / Academia Translational Oncology Symposium 2013 .
More talks from Stem Cell Meeting on the Mesa 2012 .
More lectures and symposia from the Industry / Academia Translational Oncology Symposium 2012 .
Conversations at the Glenn Symposium on Aging
A Look Inside the Research at the Salk Institute for Biological Studies
More lectures and panels from Stem Cell Meeting on the Mesa 2011 .
More conversations , lectures and symposia from Cogsci 2011 .
More sessions and one - on - one interviews on the One Mind for Research Forum page .
Funding for filming was provided by the Dana Foundation , a One Mind for Research partner organization .
More videos on the Music , Science and Medicine page .
Information
Filename : Trinity .JPG
Size : 1640x2322
Uploaded : 2010-04-02
Tags
trinity
Popular tags on the site
falco family rx7 wallpaper ka_series_l ryushin_14 cheerleader krystal soepkip bonton yuko bier 1999 giger rippenspreizer avril emma forza spain comic megaten 1nsane dilbert manga glastonbury smashing dubai ryushin_09 sprites rwpeuro2006 cat invasion cia renee ryushin_15 himos ebooks hr_giger fxc jessica death_note donnamodelo.com shevington magic stephy chubby mariage paintball ranma
Removal
The picture is uploaded by a user of this site .
The site has no responsibility for it .
If this image is illegal , please send an e-mail to abuse ( and put ILLEGAL + URL in the subject ) .
We will not remove any pictures that are just immoral or in any way legal to host under Swedish law .
Sugary junk food is the second greatest source of pleasure known to mankind .
The rush of sugar and calories is nearly unbeatable .
So how to go it one better ?
Batter it and and put it in a deep fryer .
These are Short Order 's wicked favorites
Though granola bars are often thought of as a healthy snack , most
are made with chocolate and processed peanut butter or some other ingredient to
make the oats taste good .
The bad news is that granola bars usually are n't healthy
and are more like glorified candy bars .
The good news is they taste even better
when they are battered and fried .
8. Devil Dogs
The
cream - filled devil food 's cake becomes heaven on a plate when battered and
fried .
7. Oreos
The
snack that launched the trans fat debate was destined to appear on this list .
There
are a million ways to eat an Oreo , but battered and deep fried , they can be a perfect mix of texture , sweet and fat .
6. Lucky Charms
Marketing
gurus have tricked us all into believing that sugar - filled cereals are part of
a balanced breakfast .
Lucky Charms really only fulfill this role if you add fruit , whole grain toast that tastes like cardboard and some freshly
squeezed orange juice .
But what fun is balance ?
Instead , why not just cut out the good
stuff and fry the bad .
This can be a
balanced part of your late night cravings .
The marshmallow charms melt so they
no longer resemble the fun shapes , but look more like artificial color blobs .
It tastes even
better than it looks !
​
4. Milk Duds
Fried
Milk Duds are like bite - size fried candy bars and we all know that you
ca n't go wrong with fried candy bars .
The caramel filling of the milk duds melts
when fried , but becomes more
2. Double Fried Donut
Donuts
are already fried and delicious .
The only thing that could possibly make them
even moreso is to batter the donuts and fry them again .
Double the fat
means double the pleasure .
1 .
Candy Bars
Frying
candy bars became a worldwide phenomenon when someone with a fryer , some batter
and a lot of time on their hands pioneered the favorite fair food .
After biting
through the sweet battered coating and reaching the candy bar , you will find the chocolate coating and all the fillings of the candy bar are infused
with extra grease and extra goodness .
Fried soda gets an honorable mention .
How do you fry a liquid .
Mix soda with batter .
The result is soda flavored
batter , which can be sprinkled with powdered sugar or coated in chocolate
syrup .
Some fried junk food is only good in theory , like bubblegum .
It was worth a try , but bubblegum did not make the top 10 list of fried foods .
Batter does not mix well with bubblegum
because you end up chewing on a bready substance that honestly just does n't
taste very good .
Another disadvantage of fried bubblegum is that it melts when
fried , so the liquid substance is not something you can actually chew .
Although
we put in a valiant effort trying to come up with a new trend , you probably
wo n't be seeing fried bubblegum at a county fair anytime soon .
Posted : 03:04 PM ET
Championship Pac-Man
A productivity blog figured out that we wasted ( some would say , enjoyed ) over 4.8 million hours of time on Friday playing the Pac - Man game on Google .
The game was the search site 's featured logo over the weekend to commemorate the 30th anniversary of the popular arcade game .
The logo was actually playable and would continue for 256 levels of chomping .
The RescueTime blog did the math to figure out how much extra time people spent on Google on Friday , and how much did that time cost .
Typically , users spend an average of 11 seconds per each Google page view .
RescueTime found the average user spent 36 second more on Pac - Man Friday .
With 504.7 million unique visitors on May 23 , that totals up to an additional 4,819,352 hours spent on Google .
Armed with that number , the blog then wanted to figure out how much productivity was lost .
Assuming the average Google user has a salary of $ 25 per hour , the total bill comes to $ 120,483,800 .
The game would start if the user hit the " Insert Coin " button or if the site sat idle on the Google home page for about 10 seconds .
Google left it up on their homepage throughout the weekend , but gave it a permanent home to be enjoyed whenever you like .
Posted by : Larry Frum for CNN.com
Filed under : Games  Gaming  Google  pop culture  video games
It has been demonstrated that shouting at a disk drive will cause it to stop .
But what about the constant nagging they get in noisy data centers or busy towers ?
That may be a bigger problem .
A study published in 2005 Performance Impact of External Vibration on Consumer - grade and Enterprise - class Disk Drives by Thomas Ruwart and Yingping Lu found that
. . . that CS disk drives are more sensitive to the vibration from physically coupled adjacent disk drives .
. . .
[ G ] reater care needs to be taken in enclosure design , particularly for the 3.5 - inch form factor disk drives due to their higher - energy seek operations when compared to seek operations on a 2.5 - inch form factor disk drive .
The mechanical engineers who design system and drive enclosures know that vibration is a serious problem .
The problem is that most civilians do n't understand the problem and are not willing to pay to solve it .
Hitachi GST , a major drive manufacturer , put it nicely in a pdf on their Rotational Vibration Safeguard feature :
One of the greatest hindrances to hard disk performance is vibration .
Like a needle on a record , the disk drive 's head must try to follow narrow data tracks in order to read ( or write ) information .
Physical disturbances can throw the head off - track and cause a delay while the actuator repositions it .
. . .
In modern , balanced hard drives , linear back - and - forth vibration barely affects the operation of the drive head .
However , circular movements -- rotational vibration -- can cause serious disruption .
. . .
The drop in performance can be significant .
Current disk drives use accelerometers to compensate for shock and linear and rotational vibration .
Accelerometer info is n't available to us so it 's difficult to quantify the vibration 's impact .
But data centers are noisy places quivering with the vibration of fans , air conditioners , disk drives and 60 cycle hum .
A limited study
In a paper presented at the USENIX SustainIT ' 10 conference Julian Turner reported on limited tests of a prototype anti-vibration rack .
The AVR - 1000 is made of engineered carbon fiber composite designed to dissipate vibration across a wide frequency range .
His observations included these :
Performance improvements for random reads ranged from 56 % to 246 % while improvements for random writes ranged from 34 % to 88 % for a defined set of industry benchmarks .
Streaming sequential reads and writes had a much smaller performance improvement .
. . .
Evidently the combination of random head movements and vibration has a substantial effect on disk read performance .
For the enterprise and Internet - scale data centers the implications are substantial :
Energy savings .
Anti-vibration racks have the potential to save significant power - not only by improving disk performance - but reducing run times .
Anti-vibration racks have the potential to save significant power - not only by improving disk performance - but reducing run times .
SSD value .
Flash SSDs have fast random read access .
But disks can improve their performance by 50 % through vibration damping , that changes value proposition for SSDs .
Flash SSDs have fast random read access .
But disks can improve their performance by 50 % through vibration damping , that changes value proposition for SSDs .
Array sizing .
Enterprise arrays are over - configured to improve performance .
If disks were suddenly 50 % faster that could be reduced or , alternatively , the utilization could be increased .
The Storage Bits take
The research is limited , but everything we know about disks and vibration today suggests this is real .
Assuming further research finds similar results we could see an explosion of products using engineered materials to improve disk performance .
This is already the norm in chip fabs , where nanometer precision requires extensive vibration damping .
Disk feature sizes are even smaller , so why not ?
For home users of multi- drive towers it may be that stiff carbon fiber disk mounts could improve performance .
It may not be economic , but it sure would look cool .
Comments welcome , of course .
File Photo : Sherdog.com
File Photo
Gamburyan wants Aldo 's belt .
Fresh off flattening former champion Mike Thomas Brown at WEC 48 Manny Gamburyan wants a shot at featherweight titleholder Jose Aldo “ Right now I ’m not thinking about anything else .
My eye is right on him , ” Gamburyan said recently on the Sherdog Radio Network ’s Savage Dog Show .
“ That ’s the only guy I really want to fight right now .
It does n’t make sense to fight anybody else .
Even if they offered me Nate Diaz , that would n’t make sense to me .
The next fight should be Jose Aldo .
” Gamburyan , Sherdog ’s No. 2 - ranked featherweight behind Aldo , is expected to get the next crack at the Brazilian .
He knows it will be a battle .
Aldo is 17 - 1 overall and 7 - 0 in the WEC .
“ I ’m going to have a good game plan , ” Gamburyan said .
“ I ’ll talk to my coaches and train hard and train a smart way .
It ’s going to be a big , huge puzzle .
That ’s for sure .
He ’s a phenom .
He ’s a great fighter , a great athlete .
” If the match is made , Aldo will be a significant favorite .
Of course , Brown was also a big favorite going into his April 24 matchup with Gamburyan , who did n’t appreciate the odds .
“ To be honest with you , I was pretty mad and pretty upset that I was a big - time underdog , ” Gamburyan said .
“ I do n’t know why people were giving ( Brown ) too much credit .
I understand that he was a former WEC champion .
Mike Brown is tough as hell , but I do n’t know , that was kind of sad ( that Brown was ) a five - to - one favorite . ” Gamburyan ’s friends had a different view on the betting line .
They loved it .
They bet big on their boy and cashed in when Gamburyan connected with a right hook counter and finished Brown on the floor .
Later , Brown told Sherdog ’s Greg Savage it was the hardest he had ever been hit .
The upset win would have sent most fighters into celebration mode .
Gamburyan went to the locker room , sat down and watched Aldo ’s main event title defense against Urijah Faber from beginning to end .
Aldo dominated all five rounds , crippling Faber with leg kicks and easily evading the former 145 - pound king ’s attacks .
It was the only time Aldo has gone the distance in the WEC .
In many ways , though , the 25 minutes of punishment he dealt to Faber was even more impressive than prior performances .
Gamburyan took notice .
Now he ’s ready to take his shot .
“ I know myself , ” he said .
“ If anybody fights Jose Aldo , you ca n’t be scared of him .
I look at it this way : Whoever fights Anderson Silva , if you go look at the tape , everybody is scared of him .
They ’re not going in there 120 miles per hour , 120 percent ( confident ) that they ’re going to win the fight .
Like I said , I ’m not taking anything away from Mike Brown .
He ’s a great fighter , a great champion , but when I signed that contract to fight Mike Brown , I was like , ‘ I ’m going to beat Mike Brown . ’
I don’tthat he ’s Mike Brown .
That ’s the way that I look at it .
” Gamburyan said he was n’t scared of Brown and he wo n’t be scared of Aldo either .
“ That ’s going to be a big thing , ” Gamburyan said .
“ I wo n’t be scared , I promise you .
When I walk into the cage , I ’m going to look in his eyes and I ’m going to say , ‘ I ’m going to take the belt from you . ’ ”
A woman doused with petrol by her partner set herself alight when she lit a cigarette , police said .
The woman 's partner is alleged to have deliberately thrown fuel over her during a domestic dispute at the couple 's home in a suburb south of Brisbane yesterday .
The woman suffered superficial burns to her left arm and was taken to Logan Hospital .
Her partner , a 40 - year - old man , has been charged with intending to maim or disfigure and is due to appear in Beenleigh Magistrates Court today .
Naturkatastrophe im Golf von Mexiko : Ölpest nur zeitweise gestoppt
Erstmals seit der Explosion der BP - Ölplattform gibt es Hoffnung .
Aber noch sprudelt das Öl im Golf von Mexiko weiter .
Fünf Wochen nach der Explosion der BP - Ölplattform " Deepwater Horizon " kommen erste Erfolgsmeldungen - sowohl aus dem Golf von Mexiko als auch aus Washington D.C.
In 1.500 Meter Tiefe unter der Meeresoberfläche sah es bei dem Versuch " Top Kill " am Donnerstagvormittag so aus , als könnte das Stopfen des Bohrlochs dieses Mal tatsächlich gelingen .
Beinahe gleichzeitig kündigte das Weiße Haus in Washington drei Dinge an : ein sechsmonatiges Moratorium für neue Offshore - Bohrungen , ein Versuch , das Energie - und Klimagesetz zu beschleunigen , und eine Stippvisite von Präsident Barack Obama in dem ölverseuchten Gebiet am Freitag .
Barack Obama will sich dabei etwas mehr Zeit für Gespräche mit den direkten Opfern der Katastrophe nehmen als beim ersten Besuch .
Die Operation " Top Kill " besteht darin , mit hohem Druck Matsch und Bohrflüssigkeit in das Loch am Seeboden zu jagen .
Am Donnerstag wagte ein Admiral der US - Küstenwache eine erste , leicht positive Bilanz .
" Wir haben genug hineingepumpt , um das Öl und Gas zu stoppen " , zitierte die Los Angeles Times den Einsatzleiter der Regierung , Admiral Thad Allen .
Allerdings dementierte eine Sprecherin der Küstenwache die Erfolgsmeldung : Der Austritt von Öl und Gas aus dem Bohrloch sei lediglich zeitweise durch den Gegendruck des Schlamms , der in die Quelle gepumpt wurde , unterbrochen worden , erläuterte sie .
Die US - Küstenwache hatte die nie in einer vergleichbaren Meerestiefe erprobte Technik " Top Kill " zusammen mit dem Mineralölkonzern BP vorbereitet .
Sollte " Top Kill " gelingen , würde kein zusätzliches Öl mehr aus dem Bohrloch unter der explodierten " Deepwater Horizon " in den Golf strömen .
Sollte die Operation misslingen , besteht hingegen die Gefahr , dass dabei das Loch am Meeresboden noch weiter aufreißt und noch größere Ölmengen in den Golf strömen .
Der US - Chef von BP , Doug Suttle , bezifferte die Chancen von " Top Kill " mit " 60 bis 70 Prozent " .
Angaben demokratischer Politiker in Washington zufolge wurde die bisherige Leiterin der Behörde zur Überwachung der Ölbohrungen entlassen .
Elizabeth Birnbaum stand in der Kritik , die Ölindustrie nicht ausreichend zu kontrollieren .
Ein sechsmonatiges Moratorium für neue Offshore - Ölbohrungen , das das Weiße Haus vorhat , betrifft Bohrungen vor der Küste von Virginia und Alaska .
Unter anderem ist davon auch der Mineralölkonzern
Shell betroffen .
Er will in Alaska bohren .
UmweltschützerInnen sind erleichtert über das Moratorium .
Ein Entwurf für ein neues Energie - und Klimagesetz der USA lag bereits im März fertig vor .
Demokratische und republikanische Abgeordnete hatten ihn gemeinsam vorbereitet .
Um die Chancen zu vergrößern , damit er angenommen wird , hatten sie den Ausbau der Atomenergie wie eine Ausweitung der Offshore - Ölbohrungen in den Entwurf eingebaut .
Der Gesetzentwurf landete jedoch wieder in der Versenkung , als der Staat Arizona ein umstrittenes Migrationsgesetz verabschiedete .
Die demokratische Mehrheit reagierte - nicht zuletzt auf die Zwischenwahl im November , bei denen die Stimmen der Latino - Wähler entscheiden können - , indem sie in aller Eile die Verabschiedung eines liberaleren Einwanderungsgesetzes auf die Tagesordnung setzte - zulasten der Klimadebatte .
Nun steht die Umweltfrage im Zentrum der Aufmerksamkeit .
So will Obama die Sicherheitskontrollen und Umweltauflagen für Offshore - Bohrungen verstärken , allerdings ohne die Offshore - Bohrungen grundsätzlich infrage zu stellen .
There is something fascinating about playing the sounds of seemingly unplayable things .
We have seen how in Harvest by Olle Cornéer and Martin Lübcke the soil gets played like a record , with a huge needle .
In Fabric Machine we can listen to the sound of fabric , being played like a tape .
The machine , created by Kathrin Stumreich in Vienna , plays multiple loops of fabric .
Light sensors are used to generate the sounds and the quality and density of the cloth determine the pitch and the rhythm of the sound .
So for example , the number of threads interrupting the light per second determine the pitch of the sound .
While Fabric Machine can be exposed like an installation , Kathrin Stumreich also performs with it , like an instrument , playing various ‘ fabrictracks ’ while one loop is dedicated to more rhythmic patters while the other one is used to create pitched material .
Pakistani authorities have ordered ISPs to block access to Facebook ahead of an " Everybody Draw Mohammed Day " planned by users for tomorrow .
Prompted by a court order , the Pakistan Telecommunications Authority today told providers to suspend access .
The order runs until 31 May .
The Facebook group for " Everybody Draw Mohammed Day " has more than 43,000 supporters .
The group has become a target for protest in Pakistan , and today a group of Islamic lawyers obtained a court order for a full suspension of Facebook .
The government had previously blocked access to only the " Everybody Draw Mohammed Day " pages .
The group 's organisers say it is not designed to offend ordinary Muslims , but as a demonstration of their right to free speech and " to show the extremists ... that we 're not afraid of them " .
Islamic teaching typically forbids depictions of its prophet .
After online threats of violence last month , the US cable network Comedy Central bleeped Mohammed 's name in an episode of South Park that featured him hidden in a bear suit .
The episode itself sought to satirise the wave of Islamic outrage that greeted a Danish cartoonist 's depictions of Mohammed in 2005 .
In the same episode Jesus was shown watching porn and Buddha snorting cocaine . ®
( CNN ) -- Scientists at the Large Hadron Collider managed to make two proton beams collide at high energy Tuesday , marking a " new territory " in physics , according to CERN , the European Organization for Nuclear Research .
The $ 10 billion research tool has been accelerating the beams since November in the LHC 's 17 - mile tunnel on the border of Switzerland and France .
The beams have routinely been circulating at 3.5 TeV , or teraelectron volts , the highest energy achieved at the LHC so far , according to CERN , the European Organization for Nuclear Research .
Watch live Web cast from CERN
The first two attempts Tuesday failed , said Steve Myers , CERN 's director for accelerators .
He said the beams were lost before they reached their full energy .
Experiments at the LHC may help answer fundamental questions such as why Albert Einstein 's theory of relativity -- which describes the world on a large scale -- does n't jibe with quantum mechanics , which deals with matter far too small to see .
The collider may help scientists discover new properties of nature .
The as - yet theoretical Higgs boson , also called " the God particle " in popular parlance , could emerge within two or three years , Myers said in November .
Evidence of supersymmetry -- the idea that every particle has a " super partner " with similar properties in a quantum dimension ( according to some physics theories , there are hidden dimensions in the universe ) -- could crop up as early as 2010 .
The collider has been dogged by problems .
It made headlines late last year when a bird apparently dropped a " bit of baguette " into the accelerator , making the machine shut down .
The incident was similar in effect to a standard power cut , said spokeswoman Katie Yurkewicz .
Had the machine been going , there would have been no damage , but beams would have been stopped until the machine could be cooled back down to operating temperatures , she said .
The collider achieved its first full - circle beam in September 2008 amid much celebration .
But just nine days later , the operation was set back when one of the 25,000 joints that connect magnets in the LHC came loose and the resulting current melted or burned some important components of the machine , Myers said .
The faulty joint has a cross-section of a mere two - thirds of an inch by two - thirds of an inch .
Should Tuesday 's experiment go as planned and scientists are able to establish 7 TeV collisions , the plan is to run them continuously for 18 to 24 months with a short technical stop at the end of 2010 , CERN said .
" It will be the beginning of a long period of running the accelerator with beams at this energy , " Sutton said .
" It 's the period in which experiments will really start to collect data in this new energy region , where the potential for discoveries may be made . "
Sutton compared the experiments to Christopher Columbus sailing for the New World in 1492 , when he knew what he was looking for but did n't know what he might find .
" It 's going into a new energy region , " she said .
" It 's a new territory in particle physics , so we 're really just standing on the threshold of that , which is exciting for everybody here , of course . "
Despite having its eyes wide open , Israel fell into a trap .
Israel knew that the organizers of the flotilla wanted to present the Israel Defense Forces to the world as an army that does not hesitate to use force .
The flotilla organizers wanted deaths , casualties , blood and billows of smoke .
And this is exactly what Israel gave them .
Open gallery view Israeli Navy personnel board one of the ships of the Gaza aid flotilla on Monday May 31 , 2010 .
Credit : Getty Images
Every child knows that the conflict here is one of consciousness , images , emotion and gut - feelings ; not one of justice or logic .
Therefore , Israel should have acted differently .
Israel 's decision - makers should have revived memories of Israel 's own history .
It shows just how short a historical memory the prime minister , defense minister , chief of staff , and Navy commander all have .
They do n't remember the story of the Exodus ship in 1947 .
The British Mandate authorities imposed a blockade on the shores ofthe land of Israel and Jewish leaders believed it was their right and their duty to break it .
The Jewish immigrants on the Exodus decided to forcefully oppose every attempt to stop them .
The Jewish leadership wanted to arouse the world 's conscience and gain a victory in the
battle for international sympathy .
In our day , Hamas leaders believe and act similarly .
Without getting into the question of the justification or logic of the blockade imposed by Gaza and its residents , it was indeed clear that it was only natural that Hamas would try to break the blockade by force .
They have been doing this by means of the smuggling tunnels and via the sea .
It was clear that they saw it as their natural right to oppose attempts to stop the ships .
In 1988 , when the PLO organized a ship named " The Return " to be sent to Israel with Palestinian refugees , Israel chose a different method to stop it .
It sent Mossad agents and Naval commandos to Cyprus to sabotage the ship before the passengers had embarked .
The ship was damaged but no one was hurt .
Israel should have considered a similar approach with the Gaza flotilla .
But apparently the days in which Israeli agents could operate freely in friendly countries are gone .
There was another possibility .
During Ehud Olmert 's term as prime minister , Israel permitted a lone aid ship , filled with supplies and activists , to enter Gaza .
The skies did not fall on Israel in the wake of this .
The Israeli government could have acted similarly this time .
No disaster would have occurred .
The boats would have landed , the supplies would have been unloaded and the activists would have disembarked .
So what ?
You may argue that this would have set a precedent .
But I argue that if Hamas had tried to do the same thing again in the future , Israel would still have had the ability to
operate differently and outsmart Hamas .
As a last resort , it would also have been possible to simply sabotage the motors of the boats , halting their voyage without having to seize control of the ships .
Instead of this , the Israeli government preferred to take control of the ships by force .
Apparently Israel , which prides itself as having the best intelligence in the world , should have known better that there were violent elements aboard one of the boats , equipped iron bars , knifes and slingshots .
Had Israel known this , it would have probably used more appropriate ways to storm boat , to avoid death and injuries .
And that did not happen .
Israel has played into Hamas ' hands .
It 's not the fault of the young soldiers who obeyed the orders of their commanders .
The responsibility lies with the cabinet and the military planners .
No matter how one looks at the conduct of the Israeli government and the IDF , it is hard to understand how stupid and tragic it was .
Time and again , Israel tries to prove that what can't be solved by force can be solved by more force .
Over and over , the policies of force fail .
The problem is that with each failure , the part of the world in which we would like to belong is losing patience with us .
Originally titled Bikini Karate Babes 2 , Warriors of Elysia will be releasing exclusively on the PC , October 5 , 2010 .
Those of you who might be looking forward to the game , for other reasons , can pre-order it and “ get the Playable Demo today FREE with your copy of the Behind the Scenes DVD ( I wonder what ’s in it ) “ .
Game Description –
The sequel to Bikini Karate Babes comes alive with substantially improved graphics , game play , soundtrack , animation , visual effects , and martial arts action !
Your favorite classic BKB characters are joined by new fighters in this enhanced 3D game environment .
Broadcast quality video images displayed in 32 bit depth with full motion animation makes this game exciting as well as cinematic .
Do n’t forget to check out the brand new trailer for Warriors of Elysia
Having three or more credit cards is now standard practice for one in five Britons , with 17 per cent of credit card holders using their card at least once a day .
Those aged over 70 are likely to hold the most credit cards ; poor performing pensions is forcing many to work well into retirement .
Evolution vs. creation is the focal point of a new book written for atheist or agnostic parents and their children .
" Why Don't We Go To Church ? " helps young people deal with religious conflicts .
It also opens a door for parents to talk with their children about the different religious beliefs and non-beliefs .
The story revolves around Dan , a fourth grade student doing a science project about Primeval Soup , the primordial liquid from which all of earth 's creatures evolved .
Dan 's best friend Alex believes God started life on earth with Adam and Eve .
Alex 's father wants Dan to start attending their church .
Dan is afraid the science project may cost him his best friend .
" This was the perfect book for my son and his problem with a Christian friend , " said one non-religious father whose son recently read Why Do n't We Go To Church ?
" The friend 's dad keeps encouraging my son to ' seek the word ' .
It 's one thing for me to tell my boy that not being religious is OK , but when he saw it in print , it became more acceptable , " he said .
Gail Miller and Rosalind Eagle wrote the book to help children and atheist parents feel more comfortable when their non-belief in a deity is questioned .
" The idea came to me after a friend 's daughter was hurt by religious harassment , " said Ms. Miller , a Social Worker .
" Then some other kids I know were kicked out of a swimming pool because they did n't have Jesus in their hearts .
The more research I did , the more I realized what a big problem this really is . "
Rosalind Eagle is a Registered Nurse .
She and Ms. Miller have a total of four children , three step - children and eight grandchildren , and none of them are church - goers .
For readers age nine and older , " Why Don't We Go To Church ? " is available for sale online at http://primevalsoupbook.com.
The soft - cover book has 50 - pages and retails for $ 8.99 .
It is profusely illustrated with drawings by Angela Seear .
For more information go to http://primevalsoupbook.com.
# # #
Project manager John Cursio recommended Robin
Thoen for the job , then personally approved payments of public money to her totalling at least $ 50,000 over the past year .
One of Cursio 's grown children worked part - time for Thoen editing photos during this period .
The TTC said Cursio is in a conflict of interest and never should have recommended Thoen for the work .
Senior transit officials are investigating .
Though Thoen received payments , there is no contract setting out the terms of the job .
Cursio has been off work since the Star raised these matters with him and the TTC just over a week ago .
" That 's a personal matter , " Cursio said when asked by the Star about his relationship with Thoen and payments of public money to her .
" You do what you have to do , " Cursio said , before recommending the Star contact TTC public relations .
Thoen has not responded to questions about her contract or the relationship with Cursio .
As to the photo contract , she told the Star she has no idea what the pictures are used for .
" I do n't know what they do with the photos , " Thoen said .
" I go to the sites .
They want before and after shots .
I am sorry , I really do n't have much information on this . "
Cursio , who is married and lives in Etobicoke , has allegedly lived a double life for years , according to people who have socialized with him .
They said Cursio participated in many discussions about renovation plans at Thoen 's former East York residence and frequently hosted social occasions with her .
The people who have socialized with him work in contracting jobs and fear they would lose government contracts if they spoke on the record .
Cursio is a veteran civil servant , who has been with the TTC since the spring of 2008 .
Prior to that he was at the Ontario Realty Corporation , a Crown agency that owns and manages Ontario government property .
He met Thoen in the early 2000s and the two struck up a relationship .
The relationship was an open secret among some contractors and ORC officials .
In 2004 Thoen purchased a home on Dunkirk Rd. in East York for $ 230,000 and Cursio often stayed there .
Cursio and Thoen frequently entertained contractors at the home .
During this time he helped
Thoen plan the renovation of the home , which Thoen sold in 2008 for $ 705,000 .
She then purchased a house in Etobicoke for $ 710,000 on a quiet court , just over one kilometre from Cursio 's matrimonial home .
At the TTC , Cursio is the project manager overseeing part of the ambitious new Transit City project to build eight new Light Rail Transit ( LRT ) lines to neighbourhoods not served by rapid public transit .
His main responsibility is managing the design and construction of three massive " carhouses " to maintain and store new LRT vehicles .
As a senior official with Transit City , Cursio is supposed to sign a " conflict of interest declaration , " which he and other officials are reminded of every few months by email .
TTC spokesman Brad Ross said he cannot say for certain that Cursio signed the document .
The policy asks senior staff to declare any association they have with consultants or contractors who will receive payments of public money , not sign any invoices or cheques , and remove themselves from the conflict , said Ross .
In 2008 , the TTC issued a tender call looking for a technical consulting company to design the carhouses .
Cursio played a key role in evaluating bids for the project , which was awarded in December 2008 to design company AECOM Canada .
AECOM will be paid about $ 8 million to plan the carhouses , and Cursio as project manager is one of three people who approves payments to subcontractors hired by AECOM .
Shortly after AECOM won the bid , Cursio was at a meeting with AECOM officials .
Cursio told AECOM that " we need professional photography " on this project , said TTC spokesman Ross .
The bid documents provided by AECOM do not list photography as work they are to do for the TTC .
According to Ross , AECOM officials at the meeting asked if Cursio had a recommendation .
Cursio recommended West Point Photography .
Ontario records show that West Point Photography was only a few months old at the time , incorporated in August 2008 , based out of Thoen 's new home in Etobicoke .
On her website , Thoen features numerous photographs of what she describes as " creative studies . "
Among the photos : dogs , shells in water , " water birds , " and an orchid .
" Robin 's creative photography is an eclectic array of focus that include abstract works , portraitures and studio art , " her website states .
A second section of the website describes her experience in construction photography .
" Tracking the progress of construction projects is a specialty that West Point Photography has pursued for over many years , " the website states , describing the fledgling company .
The TTC's Ross , who has been looking into the allegations of conflict of interest , said there is no written contract between AECOM and West Point .
He said that between May 2009 and the present , Cursio approved payments to West Point of at least $ 50,000 .
Thoen has taken photos of potential construction sites and streetscapes and also has photographed ratepayers at public meetings the TTC has held .
At one recent meeting , over the proposed site near Lake Shore Blvd. and Leslie St. , Cursio and Thoen were present and residents and community journalists who attended say Thoen took numerous pictures of residents critical of the TTC plans .
" A lot of people were concerned about the photographer , " said Leslieville resident Caron Court , who attended the meeting to object to the plan that will have the rail line running close to her home .
" We did not understand why she was taking our picture . "
Court said she argued with Cursio at the meeting , and described him as " rude and arrogant . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
AECOM would not discuss the matter with the Star .
In a written statement , communications manager Laura Soucek said AECOM " is not aware of any association between Mr. Cursio and West Point Photography . "
Soucek said West Point was selected " after following a thorough assessment and evaluation process " and AECOM did not feel it was under " any obligation to use " the company .
The Star pointed out West Point 's slim resumé and AECOM's Soucek then said " we undertook what we believed to be an appropriate level of due diligence prior to retaining West Point . "
When the Star first approached Cursio last week , he said , " West Point is doing a contract for us through AECOM " and would not answer further questions .
The Star informed him it was investigating allegations of conflict of interest .
Next , the Star contacted the TTC and asked if officials there were aware of the Cursio - Thoen connection .
TTC officials , including a lawyer , met with Cursio , who denied any connection with Thoen , but did say they " have had lunch , " Ross said .
After the Star did further research , and posed numerous questions to Cursio through the TTC , Cursio 's story changed a bit .
" He has had coffee in her home , " said Ross , after speaking with Cursio .
Ross said Cursio also said , after being asked about his children working for Thoen , that his daughter had worked for her over a summer period .
Ross said Cursio had also recently tried to get Thoen a full - time job as a community liaison for the TTC , but hiring officials did not select her .
" We have told Mr. Cursio that this conflict should have been declared " and he should not have signed any documents relating to the West Point payments .
Cursio has now told his boss at the TTC that he will not answer any more questions .
" We are looking at all invoices from West Point now and we want to make sure ( the TTC ) got value for its money , " Ross said .
Kevin Donovan can be reached at 416-312-3503 or kdonovan@thestar.ca .
When Arthur Dent , of The Hitch - hiker 's Guide to the Galaxy , searched for the notice that his house was to be demolished to make way for a new bypass , he eventually found it on the bottom of a locked filing cabinet in a disused lavatory with a sign on the door saying , ' Beware of the Leopard . '
Open Media , Open Government read more
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners Hurrah !
Tyee Reporter Katie Hyslop Celebrates 10 - Year Tyeeversary
She ’s covered education , youth and housing issues for a decade now , and we ’re lucky to have her .
Governments , large and small , generate vast amounts of information .
Finding the relevant piece of information in a timely fashion is a challenge , and that 's assuming that the government has decided to share it with the public at all .
Over the past year , Vancouver 's city government has launched a program to make large amounts of information to the public .
These data sets , posted online at data.vancouver.ca , include garbage pickup schedules , drinking fountains and motorcycle parking , in a wide variety of formats
Now , Mayor Robertson has gone even further , making a motion in city council that the city manager release the mayor 's and council 's budget and expenses , beyond the relatively scant information already available in financial disclosures .
After a year of openness , has the city lived up to its promise ?
Creating new ' data maps ' for the city
In May 2009 , Coun. Andrea Reimer made a motion in city council to share as much data as possible with outside parties , to adopt open data formats and to put open source software on an equal footing with commercial applications .
Reimer says , " I have a kind of framework in my head around engagement and how that all works , and making sure that we 're all working off of ... a level playing field of information is really the first place to start . "
This motion passed and later that year the city launched data.vancouver.ca .
One of the biggest problems with this practice is changing the flow of information with government so that , instead of a single static dataset on the web , the public dataset is updated as the information changes .
Reimer says , " In the case of the public drinking fountains , for example , if a new one got added or one got subtracted , somebody [ in government ] would know that but the public would n't necessarily , because there was no way to get that information from the person from the system to the site without someone remembering to go update it .
In technical language , there seems to be a lack of a data map in this city . "
The current version of the data site , which has been operating since January , is better integrated into the flow of information .
" Now , we 've not only mapped the data but every new data set that goes up there has a structure behind it , so that we know who the person is who 's doing public drinking fountains .
They have a system so that every time a new one comes in or an old one goes out , and they update that information , it immediately goes live on the site as well . "
The idea is that people in the private sector , both companies and private citizens , can use the public data sets on the site to create new services .
This has already sparked a number of ideas and experiments in making use of the open data .
David Eaves , a policy professional and executive member of Vision Vancouver , sees open data as a way of getting people outside of government involved in solving public policy problems , by making it much easier to get the information .
" Often there 's a lot of so - called amateurs out there who know a tremendous amount , or professionals who do things in fields that are parallel to what you are working on .
When you give them information , they often can come with very interesting analysis or a different perspective that can dramatically enhance a debate that 's going on in a human issue . "
For example , Bing Thom Architects used open data to study how rising sea levels would affect Vancouver 's shorelines .
" This is n't saying that this analysis would have been impossible before , but it would have required them to go call the city and find out who the right person is and ask if they could get the data sets , which maybe they would have gotten , but maybe they would n't have .
Whereas now , they 're working on this report and they can just download the data sets and they can create a report that helps advance this debate both for councillors and for ordinary citizens .
We 've dramatically lowered the transaction cost to getting a piece of work like this done . "
VanTrash.ca : digitizing garbage
One practical application is VanTrash.ca , a free website that provides reminders of garbage pickups by email , based on open data from the city 's website .
Currently , there are about 1,600 subscribers .
VanTrash was based on an idea by Eaves posted on his blog , and picked up by two software developers , Luke Closs and Kevin Jones .
Closs and Jones put together a working prototype in about 15 hours of spare time , and had the completed service operating after another 50 , over two or three months of evenings and weekends .
" Really not that much work , " says Closs .
" The thing that the city did is they released a bunch of data and they enabled citizens to innovate .
When you 're trying to start a project in a large enterprise , there 's so much inertia .
Either you do n't have time to do things or it's not quite in the clearly defined mission of the company or organization .
Those small , easy , cheap , innovative things , it 's hard for them to happen .
It 's classically called the innovator 's dilemma .
Whereas in a really small organization -- Kevin and I did n't have an organization other than our friendship , so we just said , ' Let 's do this . ' "
At the moment , VanTrash is a free service , with a request for donations .
Closs estimates the site has received about $ 40 in donations , and he pays the roughly $ 300 per year in web hosting out of his own pocket .
He views VanTrash as an experiment , not a business .
" If this server goes down , and I 'm out on a family vacation , no one 's paying me to keep this up .
Is there going to be 200 super angry city residents because the server went down and their email reminders did n't go out and they all forgot their garbage ?
It 's in this weird grey area where it's a service but there 's no guarantee about the level of service . "
He 's also considered making an iPhone or Android app so that the service would work on mobile devices , but decided against it " because we 're not getting paid to do any of this , and there 's lots of other exciting projects to work on , we 're not really in any rush to build iPhone apps and struggle with that process . "
This makes VanTrash neither a public service operated by the government , nor a commercial enterprise run by a company , but a private citizen 's favour to the public .
Another issue in open municipal data is how the data is licensed and formatted .
A financial statement can be released in PDF format , but the numbers would need to be manually entered into another spreadsheet or database to be analysed , which does increase the transaction costs of using municipal data .
' Ca n't watch city council on my own computer ' : councillor
The choice of data formats also influences what can be done with other media .
Videos of city council sessions are posted online in streaming Flash video format , instead of as downloadable files that can be posted to video sharing sites like YouTube or edited into other video presentations .
Reimer , a Firefox user , says that she can't watch the video feeds of city council meetings without switching to Internet Explorer .
" It drives me totally nuts .
You can't capture it .
You can't put a debate up on YouTube .
I can't watch the video on my own computer at work .
I finally figured out that we do n't have the Firefox codec and I have a hard time using Explorer . "
This was one of the examples she used in her initial motion .
Formats , however , are only part of the issue of transparency .
The other part of the story is the terms under which the data is released .
Shari Wallace , acting director , information and technology , insists that , " The data is all in the public domain .
There 's nothing that 's on that website that is n't already in the public domain . "
However , the City of Vancouver 's terms of use specifies several restrictions , including that users of the data are liable if the city is sued , and that " The City may , in its sole discretion , cancel or suspend your access to the datasets without notice and for any reason ... "
A blog posting by open source advocate Richard Weait criticizes the data licensing used by Vancouver , Edmonton and Toronto .
These include a lack of version numbers , differences that make it legally impossible to combine the data of different cities or with other data sets with different licenses , and liability to users if the city is sued .
These licenses , Weait argues , make cities ' data legally unusable for projects like OpenStreetMaps.org , a open alternative to Google and Bing maps .
Weait says , via email , that while he supports the open data projects of Vancouver , Edmonton and Toronto , " Municipalities should n't be in the Open Data License business . "
He argues that the data should be released under the Public Domain Dedication and License , created by legal experts in database law , which includes little or no restrictions on any use by anyone .
" Make municipal license problems go away and get that data into the hands of as many potential users as possible . "
" There may be another Open Data community with the Next Big Thing in data visualization , ready to make a splash with the Toronto data .
Do n't lock them out with a homegrown license with unintended restrictions . "
What does ' open ' mean ?
City hall 's program does n't necessarily adhere to a strict legal definition of open data , preferring to discuss it in terms of utility to the public .
Reimer says , " There is quite a debate about whether one means ' open ' as in ' non-proprietary , ' or ' open ' as in ' commonly used and available . '
A perfect example is Microsoft in the case of spreadsheets .
The most commonly used standard really is Excel , so one could argue that that 's an open standard .
However , it is proprietary .
Then you need to make it available in other formats too .
What we 've done is , in most of these programs you press a button and you can convert from all sorts of standards and format .
If you go onto the site you 'll see that it 'll be available in Microsoft Excel , and it'll also be available in comma-delimited , and it might also be available in PDF .
The concept was , as accessible as possible by the most number of people as possible . "
Closs , as a developer , takes a pragmatic view of open data , preferring the proprietary KML format owned by Google over the open ESRI shapefile format for geographical data , because it is easier to work with .
" There 's open in terms of legality but there 's also open in terms of , ' Can I just look at it and inspect it ?
Is it a black box where I can't look inside of it , or I do n't know what any of it means ? '
Shapefiles are binary blobs and unless you have extensive tools you can't really use them ...
Whereas with KML format , legally that format is controlled by Google , I believe , but I can open it up .
It 's just XML .
I can read it with my eyes .
I can copy and paste that into other things . "
He adds that " ' Open ' is kind of a term like ' green , ' where it does n't have a solid legal definition .
People use it to mean what they want it to mean . "
The explosion of digital information available to the public shows that there is a significant difference between having access to something and actually controlling it .
Witness CBC 's use of iCopyright to require people to submit to licenses and even to pay for the right to repost some or all of CBC 's articles on blogs and other sites .
Government data is created by taxpayer money and is supposedly in the public domain , and yet the wrong license may hamper the data being used by the general public who funded its creation .
Despite an increase in tough and even violent female characters in American films , women continue to be shown as sidekicks to more dominant male heroes and they are also frequently involved in a romantic relationship with them .
The work of Katy Gilpatric , from the Department of Social Sciences at Kaplan University in the US , points to continued gender stereotypes set within a violent framework of contemporary American cinema .
These have the potential to influence a young viewing audience * and their ideas about gender and violence .
Her study is published in Springer ’s journal Sex Roles .
Film theorists believe that the action character Lt. Ripley , played by Sigourney Weaver in the movie Alien in 1979 , paved the way for a new type of female representation in American popular culture .
It is now common to see female action characters take part in hand - to - hand combat , wield swords , shoot machine guns , and use high - tech weaponry to destroy both people and property – behaviors once exclusive to male action heroes .
Through the analysis of female characters in American action films , Katy Gilpatric ’s study explores the portrayal of female heroines to see if it is really transcending traditional gender roles , or rather , re-articulating and representing gender stereotypes in a new guise .
She looked at the most popular , highest grossing action films ( a total of 112 ) released between 1991 and 2005 featuring violent female action characters with a focus on gender stereotypes , demographics and quantity and type of violence .
Over 58 % of violent female characters were portrayed in a submissive role to the male hero in the film , and 42 % were romantically involved with him .
The average violent female character was young , white , highly educated and unmarried .
These women engaged in masculine types of violence ( fought against males and strangers most of the time , often used weapons and caused high levels of destruction ) , yet retained feminine stereotypes due to their submissive role and romantic involvement with the dominant male hero character .
Katy Gilpatric concludes :
“ The debate continues as to whether the few action heroines that we are familiar with , such as Sarah Connor and Lara Croft , have broken down gender barriers in action films .
This research provides evidence that the majority of female action characters shown in American cinema are not images of empowerment ; they do not draw upon their femininity as a source of power , and they are not a kind of ‘ post - gender woman ’ operating outside the boundaries of traditional gender restrictions .
Instead , “ they operate inside highly socially constructed gender norms , rely on the strength and guidance of a dominant male action character , and end up re-articulating gender stereotypes . ”
* The success of American action films at the domestic box office can be attributed to the targeted youth audience .
Reference1. Gilpatric K ( 2010 ) .
Violent female action characters in contemporary American cinema .
Sex Roles , DOI 10.1007/s11199-010-9757-7
My team is currently working on a brand new product – the forthcoming MMO www.FightMyMonster.com.
This has given us the luxury of building against a NOSQL database , which means we can put the horrors of MySQL sharding and expensive scalability behind us .
Recently a few people have been asking why we seem to have changed our preference from HBase to Cassandra .
I can confirm the change is true and that we have in fact almost completed porting our code to Cassandra , and here I will seek to provide an explanation .
For those that are new to NOSQL , in a following post I will write about why I think we will see a seismic shift from SQL to NOSQL over the coming years , which will be just as important as the move to cloud computing .
That post will also seek to explain why I think NOSQL might be the right choice for your company .
But for now I will simply relay the reasons why we have chosen Cassandra as our NOSQL solution .
Caveat Emptor – if you ’re looking for a shortcut to engaging your neurons be aware this is n’t an exhaustive critical comparison , it just summarizes the logic of just another startup in a hurry with limited time and resources !!
Did Cassandra ’s bloodline foretell the future ?
One of my favourite tuppences for engineers struggling to find a bug is “ breadth first not depth first ” .
This can be annoying for someone working through complex technical details , because it implies that the solution is actually much simpler if they only looked ( advice : only use this saying with established colleagues who will forgive you ) .
I coined this saying because in software matters I find that if we force ourselves to examine the top level considerations first , before tunnelling down into the detail of a particular line of enquiry , we can save enormous time .
So before getting technical , I ’ll mention I might have heeded my motto better when we were making our initial choice between HBase and Cassandra .
The technical conclusions behind our eventual switch might have been predicted : HBase and Cassandra have dramatically different bloodlines and genes , and I think this influenced their applicability within our business .
Loosely speaking , HBase and its required supporting systems are derived from what is known of the original Google BigTable and Google File System designs ( as known from the Google File System paper Google published in 2003 , and the BigTable paper published in 2006 ) .
Cassandra on the other hand is a recent open source fork of a standalone database system initially coded by Facebook , which while implementing the BigTable data model , uses a system inspired by Amazon ’s Dynamo for storing data ( in fact much of the initial development work on Cassandra was performed by two Dynamo engineers recruited to Facebook from Amazon ) .
In my opinion , these differing histories have resulted in HBase being more suitable for data warehousing , and large scale data processing and analysis ( for example , such as that involved when indexing the Web ) and Cassandra being more suitable for real time transaction processing and the serving of interactive data .
Writing a proper study of that hypothesis is well beyond this post , but I believe you will be able to detect this theme recurring when considering the databases .
NOTE : if you are looking for lightweight validation you ’ll find the current makeup of the key committers interesting : the primary committers to HBase work for Bing ( M$ bought their search company last year , and gave them permission to continue submitting open source code after a couple of months ) .
By contrast the primary committers on Cassandra work for Rackspace , which supports the idea of an advanced general purpose NOSQL solution being freely available to counter the threat of companies becoming locked in to the proprietary NOSQL solutions offered by the likes of Google , Yahoo and Amazon EC2 .
Malcolm Gladwell would say my unconscious brain would have known immediately that my business would eventually prefer Cassandra based upon these differing backgrounds .
It is horses for courses .
But of course , justifying a business decision made in the blink of an eye is difficult …
Which NOSQL database has the most momentum ?
Another consideration that has persuaded us to move to Cassandra is a belief that it is now has the most general momentum in our community .
As you know , in the business of software platforms the bigger you get the bigger you get – where platforms are perceived as similar , people tend to aggregate around the platform that is going to offer the best supporting ecosystem in the long term ( i.e. where the most supporting software is available from the community , and where the most developers are available for hire ) .
This effect is self - reinforcing .
When starting with HBase , my impression then was that it had the greatest community momentum behind it , but I now believe that Cassandra is coming through much stronger .
The original impression was partly created by two very persuasive and excellently delivered presentations given by the CTOs of StumpleUpon and Streamy , two big players in the Web industry who committed to HBase some time before Cassandra was really an option , and also from a quick reading of an article entitled “ HBase vs Cassandra : NoSQL Battle ! ” ( much of which has now been widely debunked ) .
Proving momentum comprehensively is difficult to do , and you will have to poke about for yourself , but one simple pointer I offer you is the developer activity on IRC .
If you connect to freenode.org and compare the #hbase and # cassandra developer channels , you will find Cassandra typically has twice the number of developers online at any time .
If you consider Cassandra has been around for half as long as HBase , you can see why this is quite a clear indication of the accelerating momentum behind Cassandra .
You might also take note of the big names coming on board , such as Twitter , where they plan broad usage ( see here ) .
Note : Cassandra ’s supporting website looks much lovelier than HBase ’s , but seriously , this could be a trend driven by more than the marketing .
Read on !
Deep down and technical : CAP and the myth of CA vs AP
There is a very powerful theorem that applies to the development of distributed systems ( and here we are talking about distributed databases , as I ’m sure you ’ve noticed ) .
This is known as the CAP Theorem , and was developed by Professor Eric Brewer , Co-founder and Chief Scientist of Inktomi .
The theorem states , that a distributed ( or “ shared data ” ) system design , can offer at most two out of three desirable properties – Consistency , Availability and tolerance to network Partitions .
Very basically , “ consistency ” means that if someone writes a value to a database , thereafter other users will immediately be able to read the same value back , “ availability ” means that if some number of nodes fail in your cluster the distributed system can remain operational , and “ tolerance to partitions ” means that if the nodes in your cluster are divided into two groups that can no longer communicate by a network failure , again the system remains operational .
Professor Brewer is an eminent man and many developers , including many in the HBase community , have taken it to heart that their systems can only support two of these properties and have accordingly worked to this design principle .
Indeed , if you search online posts related to HBase and Cassandra comparisons , you will regularly find the HBase community explaining that they have chosen CP , while Cassandra has chosen AP – no doubt mindful of the fact that most developers need consistency ( the C ) at some level .
However I need to draw to your attention to the fact that these claims are based on a complete non sequitur .
The CAP theorem only applies to a single distributed algorithm ( and here I hope Professor Brewer would agree ) .
But there is no reason why you cannot design a single system where for any given operation , the underlying algorithm and thus the trade - off achieved is selectable .
Thus while it is true that a system may only offer two of these properties per operation , what has been widely missed is that a system can be designed that allows a caller to choose which properties they want when any given operation is performed .
Not only that , reality is not nearly so black and white , and it is possible to offer differing degrees of balance between consistency , availability and tolerance to partition .
This is Cassandra .
This is such an important point I will reiterate : the beauty of Cassandra is that you can choose the trade - offs you want on a case by case basis such that they best match the requirements of the particular operation you are performing .
Cassandra proves you can go beyond the popular interpretation of the CAP Theorem and the world keeps on spinning !
For example , let ’s look at two different extremes .
Let us say that I must read a value from the database with very high consistency – that is , where I will be 100 % sure to receive the last copy of that data which was previously written .
In this case , I can read the value from Cassandra specifying consistency level “ ALL ” , which requires that all the nodes that hold replicated copies of that data agree on its value .
In this case , I have zero tolerance to either node failure , or network partition .
At the other extreme , if I do not care about consistency particularly , and simply want the maximum possible performance , I can read the value from Cassandra using consistency level “ ONE ” .
In this case , a copy is simply taken from a random node amongst those holding the replicas – and in this case , if the data is replicated three times , it does not matter if either of the two other nodes holding copies have failed or been partitioned from us , although now of course it is also possible that such conditions may mean the data I read is stale .
And better still , you are not forced to live in a black and white world .
For example , in our particular application important read / write operations typically use consistency level “ QUORUM ” , which basically means – and I simplify so please research before writing your Cassandra app – that a majority of nodes in the replication factor agree .
From our perspective , this provides both a reasonable degree of resilience to node failure and network partition , while still delivering an extremely high level of consistency .
In the general case , we typically use the aforementioned consistency level of “ ONE ” , which provides maximum performance .
Nice !
For us this is a very big plus for Cassandra .
Not only can we now easily tune our system , we can also design it so that , for example , when a certain number of nodes fail , or the network connecting those nodes falters , our service continues operating in many respects , and only those aspects that require data consistency fail .
HBase is not nearly so flexible , and the pursuit of a single approach within the system ( CP ) reminds me of the wall that exists between SQL developers and the query optimizer – something it is good to get beyond !
In our project then , Cassandra has proven by far the most flexible system , although you may find your brain at first loses consistency when considering your QUORUMs .
When is monolithic better than modular ?
An important distinction between Cassandra and HBase , is that while Cassandra comes as a single Java process to be run per node , a complete HBase solution is really comprised of several parts : you have the database process itself , which may run in several modes , a properly configured and operational hadoop HDFS distributed file system setup , and a Zookeeper system to coordinate the different HBase processes .
Does this mean then that this is a modularity win for HBase ?
Although it is true that such a setup might promise to leverage the collective benefits of different development teams , in terms of systems administration the modularity of HBase cannot be considered a plus .
In fact , especially for a smaller startup company , the modularity of HBase might be a big negative .
Let me explain …
The underpinnings of HBase are pretty complex , and anyone in doubt of this should read the original Google File System and BigTable papers .
Even setting up HBase in pseudo distributed mode on a single server is difficult – so difficult in fact that I did my best to write a guide that takes you past all the various gotchas in the minimum time ( see https://ria101.wordpress.com/2010/01/28/setup-hbase-in-pseudo-distributed-mode-and-connect-java-client/ if you wish to try it ) .
As you will see from that guide , getting HBase up and running in this mode actually involves setting up two different system systems manually : first hadoop HDFS , then HBase itself .
Now to the point : the HBase configuration files are monsters , and your setup is vulnerable to the quirks in default network configurations ( in which I include both the default networking setups on Ubuntu boxes , and the subtleties of Elastic IPs and internally assigned domain names on EC2 ) .
When things go wrong , you will be presented with reams of output in the log file .
All the information you need to fix things is in there , and if you are a skilled admin you are going to get through it .
But what happens if it does wrong in production and you need to fix it in a hurry ?
And what happens if like us , you have a small team of developers with big ambitions and can’t afford a team of crack admins to be on standby 247 ?
Look seriously , if you ’re an advanced db admin wanting to learn a NOSQL system , choose HBase .
It ’s so damn complex that safe pairs of hands are going to get paid well .
But if you ’re a small team just trying to get to the end of the tunnel like us , wait ’til you hear the Gossip …
It ’s Gossip talk dude , Gossip !
Cassandra is a completely symmetric system .
That is to say , there are no master nodes or region servers like in HBase – every node plays a completely equal role in the system .
Rather than any particular node or entity taking on a coordination role , the nodes in your cluster coordinate their activities using a pure P2P communication protocol called “ Gossip ” .
A description of Gossip and the model using it is beyond this post , but the application of P2P communication within Cassandra has been mathematically modelled to show that , for example , the time taken for the detection of node failure to be propagated across the system , or for a client request to be routed to the node (s ) holding the data , occur deterministically within well bounded timeframes that are surprisingly small .
Personally I believe that Cassandra represents one of the most exciting uses of P2P technology to date , but of course this idea is not relevant to choosing your NOSQL database !
What is relevant are the real benefits that the Gossip - based architecture gives to Cassandra ’s users .
Firstly , continuing with the theme of systems administration , life becomes much simpler .
For example , adding a new node to the system becomes as simple as bootstrapping its Cassandra process and pointing it at a seed node ( an existing node within your cluster ) .
When you think of the underlying complexity of a distributed database running across , potentially , hundreds of nodes , the ability to add new nodes to scale up with such ease is incredible .
Furthermore , when things go wrong you no longer have to consider what kind of nodes you are dealing with – everything is the same , which can make debugging a more progressive and repeatable process .
Secondly I have come to the conclusion that Cassandra ’s P2P architecture provides it with performance and availability advantages .
Load can be very evenly balanced across system nodes thus maximizing the potential for parallelism , the ability to continue seamlessly in the face of network partitions or node failures is greatly increased , and the symmetry between nodes prevents the temporary instabilities in performance that have been reported with HBase when nodes are added and removed ( Cassandra boots quickly , and its performance scales smoothly as new nodes are added ) .
If you are looking for more evidence , you will be interested to read a report from a team with a vested interest in hadoop ( i.e. which should favor HBase ) …
A report is worth a thousand words .
I mean graph right ?
The first comprehensive benchmarking of NOSQL systems performed by Yahoo !
Research now seems to bear out the general performance advantage that Cassandra enjoys , and on the face of it the figures do currently look very good for Cassandra .
At the time of writing these papers are in draft form and you can check them out here :
http://www.brianfrankcooper.net/pubs/ycsb-v4.pdf
http://www.brianfrankcooper.net/pubs/ycsb.pdf
NOTE : in this report HBase performs better than Cassandra only respect of range scans over records .
Although the Cassandra team believes they will quickly approach the HBase times , it is also worth pointing out that in a common configuration of Cassandra range scans are n’t even possible .
I recommend this to you as being of no matter , because actually in practice you should implement your indexes on top of Cassandra , rather than seek to use range scans .
If you are interested in issues relating to range scans and storing indexes in Cassandra , see my post here https://ria101.wordpress.com/2010/02/22/cassandra-randompartitioner-vs-orderpreservingpartitioner/).
FINAL POINT OF INTEREST : the Yahoo !
Research team behind this paper are trying to get their benchmarking application past their legal department and make it available to the community .
If they succeed , and I hope they do , we will be treated to an ongoing speed competition galore , and both HBase and Cassandra will doubtless be improving their times further .
A word on locking , and useful modularity
You may no doubt hear from the HBase camp that their more complex architecture is able to give you things that Cassandra ’s P2P architecture can’t .
An example that may be raised is the fact that HBase provides the developer with row locking facilities whereas Cassandra cannot ( in HBase row locking can be controlled by a region server since data replication occurs within the hadoop layer below , whereas in Cassandra ’s P2P architecture all nodes are equal , and therefore none can act as a gateway that takes responsibility for locking replicated data ) .
However , I would reflect this back as an argument about modularity , which actually favours Cassandra .
Cassandra implements the BigTable data model but uses a design where data storage is distributed over symmetric nodes .
It does that , and that ’s all , but in the most flexible and performant manner possible .
But if you need locking , transactions or any other functionality then that can be added to your system in a modular manner – for example we have found scalable locking quite simple to add to our application using Zookeeper and its associated recipes ( and other systems such as Hazelcast might also exist for these purposes , although we have not explored them ) .
By minimizing its function to a narrower purpose , it seems to me that Cassandra manages to implement a design that executes that purpose better – as indicated for example by its selectable CAP tradeoffs .
This modularity means you can build a system as you need it – want locking , grab yourself Zookeeper , want to store a full text index , grab yourself Lucandra , and so on .
For developers like us , this means we do n’t have to take on board more complexity than we actually need , and ultimately provides us with a more flexible route to building the application we want .
MapReduce , do n’t mention MapReduce !
One thing Cassandra ca n’t do well yet is MapReduce !
For those not versed in this technology , it is a system for the parallel processing of vast amounts of data , such as the extraction of statistics from millions of pages that have been downloaded from the Web .
MapReduce and related systems such as Pig and Hive work well with HBase because it uses hadoop HDFS to store its data , which is the platform these systems were primarily designed to work with .
If you need to do that kind of data crunching and analysis , HBase may currently be your best option .
Remember , it ’s horses for courses !
Therefore as I finish off my impassioned extolation of Cassandra ’s relative virtues , I should point out HBase and Cassandra should not necessarily be viewed as out and out competitors .
While it is true that they may often be used for the same purpose , in much the same way as MySQL and Postgres , what I believe will likely emerge is that they will become preferred solutions for different applications .
For example , as I understand StumbleUpon has been using HBase with the associated hadoop MapReduce technologies to crunch the vast amounts of data added to its service .
Twitter is now using Cassandra for real time interactive community posts .
Our needs fit better with the interactive serving and processing of data and so we are using Cassandra , and probably to some degree there you have it .
As a controversial parting shot though the gloves are off for the next point !
NOTE : before I continue I should point out Cassandra has hadoop support in 0.6 , so its MapReduce integration may be about to get a whole load better .
O boy , I ca n’t afford to lose that data …
Perhaps as a result of the early CAP Theorem debates , an impression has grown that data is somehow safer in HBase than Cassandra .
This is a final myth that I wish to debunk : in Cassandra , when you write new data it is actually immediately written to the commit log on one of the nodes in the quorum that will hold the replicas , as well as being replicated across the memory of the nodes .
This means that if you have a complete power failure across your cluster , you will likely lose little data .
Furthermore once in the system , data entropy is prevented using Merkle trees , which further add to the security of your data 🙂
In truth I am not clear exactly what the situation with HBase is – and I will endeavour to update this post as soon as possible with details – but my current understanding is that because hadoop does not yet support append , HBase cannot efficiently regularly flush its modified blocks of data to HDFS ( whereupon the new mutations to data will be replicated and persisted ) .
This means that there is a much larger window where your latest changes are vulnerable ( if I am wrong , as I may be , please tell me and I will update the post ) .
So while the Cassandra of Greek mythology had a rather terrible time , the data inside your Cassandra should n’t .
NOTE : Wade Arnold points out below that ( at the time of writing this ) hadoop .21 is about to be released , which will solve this problem with HBase .
The following is a fact - check of the May 16 , 2010 episode of Meet the Press :
SEN .
MITCH McCONNELL ( R - KY ) |
The US receives 30 % of it ’s oil from the Gulf of Mexico
If McConnell meant 30 % of US crude oil consumption – FALSE
If McConnell meant 30 % of US domestic crude oil production – TRUE
SEN .
MITCH McCONNELL ( R - KY ) | W/o GOM crude oil , gas would be $ 14 ( a gallon ) – UNCONFIRMABLE
SEN .
McCONNELL : As horrible as this is , it ’s important to remember that we get 30 percent of our oil from the Gulf and , if you shut that down , you ’d have $ 14 gasoline .
So we are going to try something new with this fact - check .
Because Sen. McConnell ’s statement is vague enough to be misleading , we have fact - checked both possible meanings of it , which hinge on what the definition of “ our ” is .
If Sen. McConnell means that 30 % of the crude oil that the US consumes comes from the Gulf of Mexico , then his statement is FALSE .
If Sen McConnell means that 30 % of the crude oil that the US produces comes from the Gulf of Mexico , then his statement is TRUE .
According to the US Energy Information Administration :
http://www.eia.doe.gov/basics/quickoil.html
http://www.eia.doe.gov/oog/special/gulf/gulf_fact_sheet.html
The entire US domestic production of crude oil accounted for 28 % of US liquid fuel consumption in 2009 .
Gulf of Mexico crude oil production accounted for 8 % of US liquid fuel consumption in 2009 .
Gulf of Mexico crude oil production accounted for 30 % of overall US crude oil production in 2009 ( and makes up 19 % of US reserves ) .
Another interesting fact from crowd - sourcer kcars1 :
In addition , US has only 2.2 % of the world oil reserves and GOM accounts for 19 % , so GOM accounts for 0.42 % of world reserves .
https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-wo…
Regarding the $ 14 a gallon gasoline , we were unable to find data to back up or refute that .
That also means we were unable to find the data Sen .
McConnell would be able to use to cite that number .
Additionally , if GOM crude oil production equals only 8 % of total US liquid fuel consumption , it seems unlikely that the loss of that 8 % would result in a 466 % increase in gasoline prices .
( Gas currently averages around $ 3/gal ) Regardless , until more information can be found or made available , Sen. McConnell ’s statement cannot be confirmed at this time .
Special thanks to crowd - sourcers kcars1 and Joshua for assisting with this fact - check .
This fact - check took a combined 2.5 hours .
Carolina Hurricanes head coach Peter Laviolette ( R ) and Bret Hedican ( L ) hold onto the Stanley Cup as they wave to fans during a parade held in honor of the team 's NHL Championship series win over the Edmonton Oilers in downtown Raleigh , North Carolina , June 21 , 2006 .
REUTERS / Ellen Ozier
NEW YORK ( Reuters Life ! ) - Raleigh , North Carolina surpassed Washington , Seattle and Boston to be named the American city with the best quality of life in a new poll .
It scored top marks in the survey by the website Portfolio.com that ranked 67 metropolitan areas with healthy economies on cost of living , housing stocks , educational systems and traffic .
“ There are several factors that pushed Raleigh to the top of the list , with it being the only major market that ’s expanding and growing at a rapid pace , resulting in a metropolitan increase of 37 percent since 2000 , ’ said G. Scott Thomas , a demographer who created the analysis .
“ Raleigh has a well - educated workforce and an impressive supply of high - level jobs , not to mention its low unemployment rate and its impressive array of big houses , ” he added in a statement .
Washington came second in the survey , followed by Minneapolis - St. Paul , Bridgeport - Stamford in Connecticut and Salt Lake City .
Bakersfield and Fresno in California came in at the very bottom of the list because their high poverty rate and low scores in the major categories .
“ Bakersfield has the highest poverty rate of any major market , as well as the lightest concentration of management and professional jobs , weakest inventory of big houses , and smallest percentages in the three educational categories that track adults with high school diplomas , bachelor ’s degrees and advanced degrees , ” Thomas explained .
New Orleans and Memphis also scored low in the poll , while Denver came in at No. 6 , followed by Seattle , Boston , Austin and San Jose , which rounded out the top 10 .
Washington D.C had the highest percentage of the population with management and professional jobs .
But Omaha had the shortest commuting times to work , with an average of 19.3 minutes , while New York City had the longest with 34.5 minutes .
The above photo shows the retaking of the M/V Taipan by Dutch marines on April 5th after the vessel was hijacked by pirates 500 miles off the Somali coast .
Information Dissemination has the details :
Yesterday [ April 5th ] at around 13.30 CET the Dutch frigate HNLMS Tromp has rescued the crew of a German freighter from a pirate attack .
At 9.45 CET the Tromp received a distress call from MV Taipan .
The onboard Lynx was sent to asses the situation and saw the freighter dragging along two of the pirates skiffs .
Meanwhile the crew of the frighter had retreated into a safe room on the ship , after disabling the propulsion of the ship - in line with the MSCHOA ‘ best practises ’ .
After consultation with the Dutch authorities in the Hague - effectively bypassing EU command - it was decided to free the freighter .
While approaching , the frigate ’s crew detected a mothership on its way to the MV Taipan .
When communication with this ship led to no result , the Tromp fired warning shots with its 127 mm canon , sending the mothership running .
After the Tromp failed to establish communication with the pirates onboard the MV Taipan the CO of the Tromp , Captain Lodder , gave the order to retake the ship .
While this is a rather “ old ” incident , the Dutch MoD has just released some remarkable footage of the operation , made with a helmet camera during the boarding of the vessel .
We ’d also like to point out the below video , posted on EagleSpeak.com , showing a new tactic being used by the Dutch to combat piracy .
More on this new tactic can be read about HERE .
While the video is hard to understand ( that is unless you speak Dutch ) , you still get a good sense as to effectiveness of launching smaller landing craft to patrol the pirate infested waters .
Both videos have been submitted to gCaptain.com ’s tip line with the following message :
Not that any of us have doubted the awesomeness that is the Motorola Droid , but seeing a major news outlet pull one out and basically call it more practical than the new iPad is fantastic .
Here is a little blurb from a story that just aired on CBS Evening News …
You can check out the full video here .
And I ’m guessing I just welcomed in the Apple fanboys …
Cheers Mike !
Published online 3 May 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.215
Column : Muse
Our genome wo n't win any design awards and does n't speak well of the intelligence of its ' designer ' , as Philip Ball explains .
Helena :
They do say that man was created by God .
Domin :
So much the worse for them .
This exchange in Karel Capek 's 1921 play R.U.R. , which coined the word " robot " , is abundantly vindicated by our burgeoning understanding of human biology .
Harry Domin , director general of the robot - making company R.U.R. , jeers that " God had no idea about modern technology " , implying that the design of human - like bodies is now something we can do better ourselves .
Whether or not that is so , the human body is certainly no masterpiece of intelligent planning .
The eye 's retina , for instance , is wired back to front so that the wiring has to pass back through the screen of light receptors , imposing a blind spot .
Now John Avise , an evolutionary geneticist at the University of California at Irvine , has catalogued the array of clumsy flaws and inefficiencies at the fundamental level of the genome .
His paper , published this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the USA1 , throws down the gauntlet to advocates of Intelligent design , the pseudo - scientific face of religious creationism .
What Intelligent Designer , Avise asks , would make such a botch ?
Occasional botches are , by contrast , precisely what we would expect from Darwinian evolution , which is blind to the big picture and merely tinkers short - sightedly to wring incremental adaptive advantage from the materials at hand .
Just as in technology , this produces ' lock - in ' effects in which strategies that are sub-optimal from a global perspective persist because it is impractical to go back and improve them .
Unintelligent design
Intelligent design does not have to deny that evolution occurs , but it invokes a God who steps in to guide the process , constructing biological devices allegedly too " irreducibly complex " to have been assembled by natural selection , such as ( ironically ) the eye , or the flagellar motor of bacteria2 .
As Avise points out , Intelligent design is problematic in purely theological terms .
Were I inclined to believe in an omnipotent God , I should be far more impressed by one who had intuited that a world in which natural selection operates autonomously will lead to beings that function as well as humans ( for all our flaws ) than by one who was constantly having to make adjustments .
“ Occasional botches are precisely what we would expect from Darwinian evolution , which is blind to the big picture . ”
But Intelligent design must also confront the issue of theodicy : the evident fact that our world is imperfect .
Human free will allegedly absolves
God of responsibility for our evil acts — but what of innocent deaths caused by disease or natural disaster ?
Infelicities in the course of nature were already sufficiently evident in the eighteenth century for philosopher David Hume to imply that God might be considered a " stupid mechanic " .
And in the early twentieth century , the physician Archibald Garrod pointed out how many human ailments are the result not of God 's wrath or the malice of demons but of " inborn errors " in our biochemistry 3, 4 .
Many of these " errors " can now be pinpointed to genetic mutations : at a recent count , around 75,000 of them are disease - linked5 .
But the " unintelligent design " of our genomes , Avise says , goes well beyond such blemishes .
The ubiquity of introns — sequences that must be expensively excised from transcribed genes before translation to proteins — seems to be a potentially harmful encumbrance .
And numerous regulatory mechanisms are needed to patch up problems in gene activity ; for example , by silencing or destroying imperfectly transcribed mRNA — the template for protein synthesis .
Regulatory breakdowns may cause disease .
Flawed perfection
Why design a genome so poorly that it needs all this surveillance ?
Why are there so many wasteful repetitions of genes and gene fragments , all of which have to be redundantly replicated in cell division ?
And why are we plagued by debilitating , chromosome - hopping ' mobile elements ' in our DNA ?
These design flaws ,
Avise says , " extend the age - old theodicy challenge , traditionally motivated by obvious imperfections at the levels of human morphology and behavior , into the innermost molecular sanctum of our physical being " .
ADVERTISEMENT
Avise wisely avers that this catalogue of errors should deter attempts to use religion to explain the minutiae of the natural world and return it to its proper sphere as a source of counsel about how to live .
But his paper equally demolishes the secular tendency to reify and idealize nature through the Panglossian view that natural selection creates " perfect " products , which exerts a dangerous tug in the field of biomimetics .
We should be surprised that some enzymes seem indeed to show the maximum theoretical catalytic efficiency6 , rather than imagining that this is nature 's default condition .
However — although heaven forbid that this should seem to let ID off the hook — it is worth pointing out that some of the genomic inefficiencies Avise lists are still imperfectly understood .
We should be cautious about writing them off as ' flaws ' , lest we make the same mistake evident in the labelling as ' junk DNA ' genomic material that seems increasingly to play a biological role .
There seems little prospect that the genome will ever emerge as a paragon of good engineering , but we should n't too quickly derogate that which we do not yet understand .
The digital economy bill ( DEB ) looks set to become law after the Conservative shadow culture secretary , Jeremy Hunt , today gave the controversial legislation his reluctant support during its second reading in the Commons .
However , Hunt also said during the DEB debate that if a Tory government is formed after the 6 May general election it would drop any " flawed " legislation .
If the DEB is voted through the Commons late tonight , the wide - ranging legislation , which includes controversial measures that could see the internet connections of illegal filesharers suspended or copyright - infringing websites blocked , will head to the last minute " wash - up " period of fast - track negotiations before parliament is dissolved later this week .
Hunt said that the Tories would remove clauses giving the media regulator , Ofcom , more power , ditch plans to replace ITV 's regional news bulletins with independently produced alternatives , and current provisions on orphan works and extension of licensing .
However , he categorically guaranteed that Channel 4 would not be privatised under a Conservative government and , reluctantly , that controversial anti-piracy measures would be backed because to block them would cause too much damage to the creative industries .
" [ The digital economy bill ] could have been massively improved if there had been more scrutiny at the committee stage … why is it debate on such a critically important bill has been left to the last minute ? "
Hunt asked MPs during today 's debate .
" There are parts of the bill that we will reluctantly let through .
Digital piracy is a very real problem for our creative industries ...
We do accept that action needs to be taken to ensure the internet is a functioning marketplace and that copyright infringers do not get away with their actions scot free . "
Hunt added that if the Conservatives win the election they would use " every parliamentary means at our disposal " to remove clauses if legislation turns out to be " flawed " or have major " unintended consequences " .
He argued that there would be time before proposals , such as anti-piracy measures , had to be put in place to make sure there are " proper safeguards " in place .
" These measures are so critical for 2 million jobs for people in the digital and creative industries that if they [ the clauses ] are completely deleted or removed there would be an economic cost , " he said .
While the government holds a significant voting majority , Conservative support has been seen as crucial because the fast - track wash - up process of negotiations only deals with unopposed legislation .
Harriet Harman , the leader of the Commons , opened the DEB debate this afternoon by seeking to address mounting criticism that controversial clauses in the bill have not been given enough debating time .
Harman said that after the general election a " super affirmative " process , which includes a full public consultation , would be undertaken to address any issues before the bill passes into law .
The culture secretary , Ben Bradshaw , added : " If [ the digital economy bill ] gets on to the statute books it will be with the co-operation of the opposition party and hopefully the Liberal Democrats and others too .
Most of the bill enjoys good cross -party support .
It is not true , as some have claimed , that the provisions of this bill have not been subject to considerable discussions . "
Critics of the bill , which include the Open Rights Group , the Liberal Democrats and internet service providers , argue that legislation of such importance is not being enough time to be properly scrutinised and have called for it to be re-introduced in the next parliament .
" This bill is the victim of one of the worst lobbying scandals of this parliament , " said Jim Killock , executive director of the Open Rights Group .
" Parliamentary scrutiny must be applied .
Over 20,000 voters have written to MPs and raised funds for adverts , because we know disconnection of families for allegations of copyright infringement is a draconian punishment , and need to be fully debated , not rammed through at the last minute . "
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
All of these tutorials with photos are tutorials I have created & posted here on my blog …
Upcycled Dress & Clothes From ANY Knit Pattern !
Upcycled Ruffle Shorties From Leggings with Tutorial
Quick & Easy Cut Off Shorts with Tutorial !
Upcycled Jean Half Apron with Tutorial !
Fabric Backed Yarn Eater Blanket !
Parker Want a Cracker ? w/ Mini Parrot Tutorial !
Maternity Dress for Mama !
Fix it Tutorial : Rise Issues on Pants ( Front Pouch or Plumbers Crack )
Fix it Tutorial : Nice flat knit collars !
Recycled T - shirt Bag
Sewing with Knits 101
Continuous Bound Placket Tutorial
Free NICU Smock Pattern
Make your own Babylegs
How to make a crib / toddler bed sheet
How to make a Pack ‘N Play / playard sheet
Gathering with a serger or sewing machine too !
3 - in - 1 T- Shirt Dress / Tunic Top / Skirt For toddlers to adults !
A Personalized Little Girls Apron !
No - Itch Twill Tape Tags & Clothing Labels
How To Use Bento Egg Molds
My Scarf Dress
Little girls dress to bigger girls skirt ! ( mini tutorial )
Bookmark clean - up !
1000 + free tutorials , patterns & websites FULL of patterns that I have had saved in my bookmarks :) .
( These are not my own tutorials , but links to others I admired & would love to try in the future I know some of the links are broken as the sites no longer exist I am slowing weeding through them )
You will also find 1000 ’s more ideas if you check out my boards on Pinterest …
170 + Bags , Purses , Pouches & Backpack Tutorials
78 + Kids Gift Tutorials
80 + Girls Clothing Tutorials
20 + Boys Clothes Tutorials
43 + Maternity , Nursing , & Expecting / New Mom Tutorials
77 + Infant & Toddler Tutorials
36 + Tutorials for MEN & Women !
36 + Tutorials for Women !
47 + Womens & Juniors Clothing Tutorials
98 + Apron Tutorials
84 + Tutorials For The Home !
10 + Quilts & Quilting Tutorials
11 + Crochet Patterns
354 + Edible Gifts ( Like jar mixes )
24 + Techniques , Modifications & Alterations !
12 + Sites for free patterns & tutorials
Items I have made from others free tutorials ( with the tutorial link of course 🙂 )
Nylon Chiffon Girls Pettiskirts
Womens Azalea Dress
Emma & Emmy ( Or Eddie ) The Earthworm
These are not my tutorials but have some links to other great free tutorials & patterns …
Lots of free great tutorials ( good for beginners too )
You can also buy & instantly download great patterns from YouCanMakeThis.com .
They even have smaller patterns that you can download for FREE as well !!!
Another GREAT site for instant .pdf patterns from indie designers is Craftsy !
The Evidence Against Chávez Mounts
I have not had time to write much recently , but two recent events point to the increasingly overt ties between the Chávez government and international terrorist organizations .
The first , Chávez 's help bring the FARC in Colombia and the Spanish ETA together , , I already discussed at some length here .
New revelations are now being published about Chávez 's direct ( although repeatedly denied ) ties to Hezbollah and other radical Islamist groups .
A new book , " El Palestino , " by Spanish journalist Antonio Salas documents armed camps in Venezuela where the FARC , Hezbollah , ETA and others all train together .
In the book , which comes out later this week , the author says he posed as a Venezuelan Palestinian interested inand ended up traveling around the world after fabricating a new identity .
His employer , Antena 3 of Spain , has released some of the hidden camera video he shot to verify his experience .
According to the book 's publicity , " It was in Venezuela that he received his baptism of fire .
He found that just around the city of Caracas there are six terrorist training camps .
There he learned to shoot every kind of weapon .
His time there coincided with the training of members of the FARC , ETA and other groups .
" There have long been reports of these camps from credible sources , but video and direct , publicly available documentation and first hand experience has not been .
This is in keeping with Chávez 's broader goals of creating an alliance of state and non-state actors to wage asymmetrical warfare against the United States .
It is , quite likely , the worst of all worlds for the rest of Latin America , and beginnings of the solidifying joint venture that will eventually pose and existential threat to the United States .
Both Chávez , with the FARC , and Iran with its Hezbollah proxy , have the same goal in this endeavor .
Each of the proxies has relevant experience and resources the other does not , and both have a long history of adaptation and co-learning from other terrorist groups , regardless of political / theological differences .
Chávez has also made no secret of his desire to spread armed revolution across Latin America to rid the continent of non-Bolivarian governments , or transform the governments to the Bolivarian way .
Hence his support , through the ( Continental Bolivarian Movement ) , to the FARC , the Tupac Amaro movement in Peru , the Mapuches and MIR in Chile , etc. etc .
This support is likely to increase as Chávez 's internal situation deteriorates .
With the highest homicide rate in the hemisphere , water and electrical rationing , inflation running at more than 30 percent and his popularity in a steady decline , he is likely to be desperate for anything that can give him a boost .
Iran , Cuba , Bolivia , Nicaragua and Ecuador have enormous stakes in Chávez 's survival , no matter what the cost .
So one can expect the region to be roiled by something he cooks up to fabricate a crisis .
The U.S. response so far has been muted to Chávez and his lethal alliances .
There are no good options for a response , but it is increasingly clear that the day of reckoning is drawing near .
From Scholarpedia
Figure 1 : Grid cell in entorhinal cortex .
Left : Trajectory of the rat ( black ) with spike locations superimposed ( red ) .
Right : Colour - coded map showing firing rate distribution for the same cell .
The colour scale is from blue ( silent ) to red ( peak rate ) .
A grid cell is a place - modulated neuron whose multiple firing locations define a periodic triangular array covering the entire available surface of an open two - dimensional environment .
Grid cells are thought to form an essential part of the brain ’s coordinate system for metric navigation .
They have attracted attention because the crystal - like structure underlying their firing fields is not imported from the outside world , but created within the nervous system .
Understanding the origin and properties of grid cells is an attractive challenge for anybody wanting to know how brain circuits compute .
History
The experimental study of spatial representations in the brain entered a new era with the discovery of place cells in the 1970s ( O’Keefe & Dostrovsky , 1971 ) and head - direction cells in the 1980s ( Ranck , 1985 ; Taube et al. , 1990 ) .
Discharging whenever the rat is in a certain place in the environment , or whenever the rat ’s head points in a certain direction , these cells are likely to contribute to the brain ’s systems for local navigation .
Soon after their discovery , place cells were suggested to be the elements of a neural representation of allocentric space and the animal ’s own position within it which the animal could use to find its way from one place to another ( O’Keefe & Nadel , 1978 ; McNaughton et al. , 1996 ) .
The representation was thought to form a map - like framework for storage of experience in memory , a framework referred to as the ' cognitive map ' ( O' Keefe & Nadel , 1978 ) .
During the years that followed , the conception of the hippocampus as a single dynamic spatial map was challenged by accumulating evidence suggesting that the very same place cells participate in a number of representations , even in the same spatial location ( Bostock et al. , 1991 ) .
Researchers also showed that place - specific firing persisted in CA1 neurons even after removal of all intrahippocampal input from CA3 ( Brun et al. , 2002 ) .
Because only direct perforant - path inputs from the entorhinal cortex were left by these lesions , it was concluded that spatial signals were either computed either in CA1 itself or , more likely , in a general metric navigational system upstream of the hippocampus ( Brun et al. , 2002 ) , a possibility raised early on ( O’ Keefe , 1976 ) .
In response to these challenges , Fyhn and colleagues ( 2004 ) recorded directly from layers II and III of the medial entorhinal cortex , in the area that provided the strongest projections to the place cells of the dorsal hippocampus ( Witter et al. , 1989 ; Dolorfo & Amaral , 1998 ) .
Principal neurons in this area had multiple sharply tuned firing fields which collectively signalled the rat ’s changing position with a precision similar to that of place cells in the hippocampus .
When these cells were recorded in sufficiently large two - dimensional environments , it became clear that the many fields of each neuron formed a periodic triangular array , or a ‘ ’ ’ grid ’ ’’ , that tiled the entirety of the animal 's environment , like the cross-points of graph paper ( Hafting et al. , 2005 ) ( Figure 1 ) .
Figure 2 : Firing fields of cells at different positions along the dorsomedial - to - ventrolateral axis of the medial entorhinal cortex .
The figure shows a parvalbumin - stained sagittal brain section with the dorsocaudal parts of the medial entorhinal cortex ( heavily stained ) .
Representative grid fields are arranged along the dorso- ventral axis where they were recorded .
Grid scale ( spacing and field size ) increases with distance from the dorsomedial border with the postrhinal cortex ( arrow ) .
Grid cells and neural circuits for path integration
A key property of the entorhinal representation is its apparently universal nature ( Hafting et al. , 2005 ; Fyhn et al. , 2007 ; see Redish & Touretzky , 1997 and Sharp , 1999 , for theoretical suggestions consistent with this observation ) .
Unlike place cells in the hippocampus , the entorhinal grid map is activated in a stereotypic manner across environments , irrespective of the environment 's particular landmarks , suggesting that the same neural map is applied wherever the animal is walking .
The rigid structure of the map and its independence of particular landmarks suggest that firing positions must be integrated in these cells from speed and direction signals , without reference to the external environment .
This process is referred to as ‘’’ path integration ’’’ .
While path integration is likely to determine the basic structure of the dynamic firing matrix , the stability of grid vertices and grid orientations relative to cues in the external environment implies that the grid map must be associated with geometric boundaries and landmarks ( Hafting et al. , 2005 ) .
Under certain conditions , such as when the boundaries of a familiar recording box are displaced slightly , these associations may override the concurrent path integration - driven processes ( Barry et al. , 2007 ) .
How path integration signals are integrated with external sensory input has not been determined .
Figure 3 : Firing fields of three co-localized grid cells recorded simultaneously while a rat ran around in a large circular enclosure ( 2 m diameter ) .
Left :
The rat 's trajectory is shown in black ; spike locations for each cell ( t1c1 , t2c1 and t2c2 ) are shown in blue , red , and green , respectively .
Middle : Peak firing locations for each of the three cells .
Right : Peaks are offset to visualize difference in spatial phase but similarity in spacing and orientation .
Reproduced , with permission , from Hafting et al. ( 2005 ) .
An entorhinal spatial map
The grid of each cell can be described by three parameters :
spacing ( the distance between fields ) ,
orientation ( the tilt of the grid relative to a reference axis ) , and
spatial phase ( displacement in the x and y directions relative to an external reference point ) .
These parameters are mapped differently onto the entorhinal map ( Hafting et al. , 2005 ) .
Neighbouring cells in layer II of medial entorhinal cortex have similar spacing and orientation .
Their spacing increases monotonically from the dorsomedial pole of the medial entorhinal cortex to more ventrolateral positions of the same area ( Figure 2 . ) , just like the spatial scale of place cells increases from the dorsal to the ventral pole of the hippocampus ( Jung et al. , 1994 ; Kjelstrup et al. , 2007 ) .
Whether grid cells are organized with respect to orientation has not been firmly determined , although preliminary observations suggest that grid cells in different regions of the left and right medial entorhinal cortex may have different orientation ( Hafting et al. , 2005 ; Fyhn et al. , 2007 ) .
In contrast to spacing and orientation , the spatial phase of the grid is distributed , i.e. the firing vertices of co-localized grid cells are shifted randomly ( Figure 3 . ) , in the same way that neighbouring place cells in the hippocampus have different place fields .
The functional significance of this mixed topographic - nontopographic organization has not been established .
A key objective for future research will be to determine whether the entorhinal spatial map has discrete subdivisions .
Architectonic features of the entorhinal cortex are suggestive of a modular organization ( Witter & Moser , 2006 ) , but whether the apparent anatomical cell clusters of this brain region correspond to functionally segregated grid maps , each with their own spacing and orientation , remains to be determined .
Figure 4 : Model for transformation of periodic grid fields to non-periodic place fields .
Place cells receive input from grid cells with similar spatial phase ( a common central peak ) but a diversity of spacings and orientations .
Connection weights are indicated by the thickness of the arrows .
Interneurons ( red ) provide non-specific inhibition .
Colour code as in Figure 1 .
Adapted , with permission , from Solstad et al. ( 2006 ) .
The relation between grid cells and place cells
The majority of the principal cells in layers II and III of medial entorhinal cortex have grid properties ( Sargolini et al. , 2006 ) .
Thus , most of the spatially selective cortical input to hippocampal place cells is likely to originate from entorhinal grid cells .
An important question raised by this possibility is how the periodic spatial firing pattern of the grid cells is transformed to a non-periodic signal in place cells .
If all grid cells projecting to a particular place cell had a single , common scale , the hippocampal place field would be expected to repeat itself at intervals similar to the grid spacing .
If the inputs vary in spacing and orientation , however , linear summation would result in firing fields with very large repetition cycles , much beyond the scale of any laboratory environment ( O’Keefe & Burgess , 2005 ; Fuhs & Touretzky , 2006 ; McNaughton et al. , 2006 ; Solstad et al. , 2006 ) ( Figure 4 . ) .
In such cells , only a single field would be seen in standard recording boxes .
Because a given location in the hippocampus may receive inputs from more than 25 % of the dorsomedial - to - ventrolateral axis of the medial entorhinal cortex ( Witter et al. , 1989 ; Dolorfo & Amaral , 1998 ) , the latter possibility is more likely .
One potential concern for these models is the observation that the set of grids in a given hemisphere may cover only a single orientation and a discrete set of scales ( Barry et al. , 2007 ) .
This might impede their simple summation to form place cells , and suggests that grids might implement something analogous to modulo arithmetic to represent location over a large scale with high efficiency ( Burak et al. , 2006 ; Gorchetchnikov & Grossberg , 2007 ) .
Whether the grid cell population has multiple orientations and whether scales are continuous or discontinuous needs further experimental study , however .
The above models also rely on the unproven assumption that the spatial phase of the contributing grid cells overlaps significantly .
This assumption may not be necessary .
Place fields could be generated merely from random connectivity by a competitive Hebbian learning process , provided that there is enough variability in orientation , phase and spacing of the afferent grid cell population ( Rolls et al. , 2006 ) .
Current experimental data are not conclusive as to whether and to what extent plasticity is required for grid to place transformations .
While synaptic plasticity is necessary for shaping and stabilizing the hippocampal spatial representation in a novel environment , modifications in the connectivity matrix may not be required for manifestation of place - specific firing as such .
Spatially confined firing fields can still be seen in CA1 pyramidal neurons after deletion of NMDA receptors in CA3 or CA1 ( McHugh et al. , 1996 ; Kentros et al. , 1998 ; Nakazawa et al. , 2002 ) , suggesting that , at short time scales , place fields can be generated and maintained by pre-existing connections or by non-NMDA - receptor - dependent plasticity , at least in some hippocampal areas .
Models of grid cell formation
A common feature of published models of grid field formation is the assumption that neurons in the medial entorhinal cortex participate in path integration - based computations based on speed and direction signals from specialized input cells but calibrated against external sensory inputs in order to correct for cumulative error .
It is possible to categorize the models into those that propose the processing to take place at the population level by virtue of the recurrent connectivity of the network and those in which the path integration is performed at the single neuron level .
The network models show how spatial representation can emerge from a ‘ ’’ continuous attractor network ’ ’’ , a manifold of stable states which permits smooth variation of a spontaneously generated representation in accordance with the trajectory of the rat ( Tsodyks & Sejnowski , 1995 ) .
Given a certain level of global inhibition in a network with recurrent connectivity , initially random patterns of activity will spontaneously give rise to an organized ‘ bump ’ of activity centred on mutually connected cells which , in the case of the grid cells , may have a common set of firing vertices ( Fuhs & Touretzky , 2006 ; McNaughton , 2006 ) .
The activity bump may be envisaged to move between grid cells with different vertices as the animal moves from one place to another in a two - dimensional environment .
The translation is thought to depend on a path integration mechanism where changes in direction and speed continuously modulate the effective connectivity between cells ( Zhang , 1996 ; Skaggs et al. , 1995 ) .
In the first model that was published after the discovery of grid cells , Fuhs and Touretzky ( 2006 ) modelled the entorhinal cortex as a topographically organized network where neighbouring cells had similar grid phases , such that each place in the environment was represented as a grid pattern on the cell layer .
When the animal moves , this ‘ grid skeleton ’ was thought to be rigidly translated across the entorhinal cell surface , based on inputs that were proportional to the animal ’s speed in a preferred direction , which was different for different neurons .
Facing the observation that neighbouring grid cells apparently do not have similar grid phases ( Hafting et al. , 2005 ) , a non-topographical model was developed by McNaughton and colleagues ( 2006 ) .
In this model , a topographical network serves only as a tutor to train , during development , several smaller clusters of grid cells with randomly distributed Hebbian connections and no topographical organization .
The inputs from the tutor are scrambled , such that neurons with similar phase may not necessarily become neighbours , but they will be associated by synaptic plasticity .
Because the tutor has the periodicity of a grid , the synaptic matrix of the developing entorhinal network becomes toroidal .
The toroidal connectivity is thought to account for the spatial periodicity of the grid pattern during movement .
To displace the representations in accordance with the animal ’s trajectory , this model introduces an additional layer of cells whose firing is modulated by place , head direction and speed .
Neurons with such conjunctive properties have been identified in layers III - VI of the medial entorhinal cortex ( Sargolini et al. , 2006 ) .
In the single - neuron models , a common starting point is that grid cells , like hippocampal place cells , exhibit ‘’‘ theta phase precession ’ ’’ , a progressive advance in firing during the theta cycle as the animal moves through an individual firing field ( O’Keefe & Recce , 1993 ; Hafting et al. , 2006 ) .
Phase precession has been modelled as the result of interference between two oscillatory signals with theta frequencies differing in proportion to the animal ’s speed ( O’Keefe & Recce , 1993 ) .
The interference pattern can be decomposed into a fast oscillation that advances with respect to the theta rhythm , and a slower modulation with a phase that integrates the speed of the rat and thus reflects its position along the trajectory .
In two dimensions , the interference could be viewed as the interaction of a somatic intrinsic oscillator at theta frequency with several dendritic oscillators , whose frequencies reflect the projection of the rat velocity in some characteristic preferred direction ( Burgess et al. , 2007 ) .
When the slow modulation of these linear interference patterns are combined , and their directions differ in multiples of 60 degrees , a triangular grid map is obtained .
In a conceptually similar model , grid fields have been proposed to emerge as Moiré interference patterns from two theta - grid fields ( Blair et al. , 2007 ) .
The key element of this model , the theta - grid cell , has not yet been found in the rat brain .
Future
Grid cells may be the key elements of a modularly organized network for metric spatial representation .
The neural map is thought to represent self - location based on integration of speed and direction signals during movement .
While the contours of some possible mechanisms can be envisaged , much work is needed to understand how the grid pattern is generated in single cells and in neural networks of the entorhinal cortex and beyond .
With the introduction of new tools for genetic activation and inactivation of particular circuit components , it may be possible to decipher the underlying mechanisms .
References
Barry , C. , Hayman , R. , Burgess , N. , and Jeffery , K.J. ( 2007 ) .
Experience - dependent rescaling of entorhinal grids .
Nat. Neurosci .
10:682-684. doi:10.1038/nn1905 .
Blair , H.T. , Welday , A.C. , and Zhang , K. ( 2007 ) .
Scale - invariant memory representations emerge from moiré interference between grid fields that produce theta oscillations : a computational model .
J. Neurosci .
27:3211-3229 . doi:10.1523/JNEUROSCI.4724-06.2007 .
Bostock , E. , Muller , R.U. , and Kubie , J.L. ( 1991 ) .
Experience - dependent modifications of hippocampal place cell firing .
Hippocampus 1:193-205. doi:10.1002/hipo.450010207 .
Burak , Y. , Brookings , T. , and Fiete , I.R. ( 2006 ) Triangular lattice neurons may implement an advanced numeral system to precisely encode rat position over large ranges .
Preprint available here .
Brun , V.H. , Otnass , M.K. , Molden , S. , Steffenach , H.A. , Witter M.P. , Moser , M. - B. , and Moser , E.I. ( 2002 ) .
Place cells and place recognition maintained by direct entorhinal - hippocampal circuitry .
Science 296:2243-2246 . doi:10.1126/science.1071089 .
Burgess , N. , Barry , C. , and O’Keefe , J. ( 2007 ) .
An oscillatory interference model of grid cell firing .
Hippocampus 17 , in press .
doi:10.1002/hipo.20327 .
Dolorfo , C.L. , Amaral , D.G. ( 1998 ) .
Entorhinal cortex of the rat : topographic organization of the cells of origin of the perforant path projection to the dentate gyrus .
J. Comp. Neurol .
398:25 -48 . < 25::AID - CNE3>3.0.CO;2 - B doi:10.1002 /( SICI ) 1096-9861( 19980817) 398:1<25::AID - CNE3>3.0.CO;2-B.
Fuhs , M.C. and Touretzky , D.S. ( 2006 ) .
A spin glass model of path integration in rat medial entorhinal cortex .
J. Neurosci .
26:4266-4276 . doi:10.1523/JNEUROSCI.4353-05.2006 .
Fyhn , M. , Hafting , T. , Treves , A. , Moser , M. - B. , and Moser , E.I. ( 2007 ) .
Hippocampal remapping and grid realignment in entorhinal cortex .
Nature 446:190-194 . doi:10.1038/nature05601 .
Fyhn , M. , Molden , S. , Witter , M.P. , Moser , E.I. , and Moser , M. - B. ( 2004 ) .
Spatial representation in the entorhinal cortex .
Science 305:1258-1264 . doi:10.1126/science.1099901 .
Gorchetchnikov , A. and Grossberg , S. ( 2007 ) Space , time and learning in the hippocampus :
How fine spatial and temporal scales are expanded into population codes for behavioral control .
Neural Netw. 20 , 182–93 . doi:10.1016/j.neunet.2006.11.007 .
Hafting , T. , Fyhn , M. , Molden , S. , Moser , M. - B. , and Moser , E.I. ( 2005 ) .
Microstructure of a spatial map in the entorhinal cortex .
Nature 436:801-806 . doi:10.1038/nature03721 .
Jung , M.W. , Wiener , S.I. , and McNaughton , B.L. ( 1994 ) .
Comparison of spatial firing characteristics of units in dorsal and ventral hippocampus of the rat .
J. Neurosci .
14:7347-7356 .
Kjelstrup , K.B. , Solstad , T. , Brun , V.H. , Fyhn , M. , Hafting , T. , Leutgeb , S. , Witter , M.P. , Moser , M.-B. , Moser , E.I. ( 2007 ) .
Very large place fields at the ventral pole of the hippocampal CA3 area .
Soc. Neurosci .
Abstr. 33 , in press
McHugh , T.J. , Blum , K.I. , Tsien , J.Z. , Tonegawa , S. , and Wilson , M.A. ( 1996 ) .
Impaired hippocampal representation of space in CA1 - specific NMDAR1 knockout mice .
Cell 87:1339-1349 . doi:10.1016/S0092-8674(00) 81828-0 .
McNaughton , B.L. , Battaglia , F.P. , Jensen , O. , Moser , E.I. , and Moser , M. - B. ( 2006 ) .
Path integration and the neural basis of the ‘ cognitive map ’ .
Nature Reviews Neurosci .
7:663-678. doi:10.1038/nrn1932 .
McNaughton , B.L. , Barnes , C.A. , Gerrard , J.L. , Gothard , K. , Jung , M.W. , Knierim , J.J. , Kudrimoti , H. , Qin , Y. , Skaggs , W.E. , Suster , M. , and Weaver , K.L. ( 1996 ) .
Deciphering the hippocampal polyglot : the hippocampus as a path integration system .
J. Exp. Biol .
199:173-185 .
Nakazawa K , Quirk MC , Chitwood RA , Watanabe M , Yeckel MF , Sun , L.D. , Kato , A. , Carr , C.A. , Johnston , D. , Wilson , M.A. , Tonegawa , S. ( 2002 ) .
Requirement for hippocampal CA3 NMDA receptors in associative memory recall .
Science 297:211-18 doi:10.1126/science.1071795 .
O’Keefe , J. ( 1976 ) .
Place units in the hippocampus of the freely moving rat .
Exp. Neurol .
51:78-109 .
O’Keefe , J. and Burgess , N. ( 2005 ) .
Dual phase and rate coding in hippocampal place cells : theoretical significance and relationship to entorhinal grid cells .
Hippocampus 15:853-866 .
O'Keefe , J. and Dostrovsky , J. ( 1971 ) .
The hippocampus as a spatial map .
Preliminary evidence from unit activity in the freely - moving rat .
Brain Res. 34:171-175. doi:10.1016/0006-8993(71)90358-1 .
O’Keefe J , Nadel L. ( 1978 ) .
The Hippocampus as a Cognitive Map . Oxford : Clarendon Press .
Ranck , J.B. ( 1985 ) .
In Electrical Activity of the Archicortex , eds. G. Buzsáki , CH Vanderwolf , pp. 217-220 . Budapest : Akademiai Kiado .
Redish , A.D. and Touretzky , D.S. ( 1997 ) .
Cognitive maps beyond the hippocampus .
Hippocampus 7:15 - 35 . < 15 ::AID - HIPO3>3.3.CO;2 - A doi:10.1002 /( SICI ) 1098-1063( 1997 ) 7:1<15 ::AID - HIPO3>3.3.CO;2-A .
Rolls , E.T. , Stringer , S.M. , and Elliot , T. ( 2006 ) .
Entorhinal cortex grid cells can map to hippocampal place cells by competitive learning .
Network 17:447-465. doi:10.1080/09548980601064846 .
Sargolini , F. , Fyhn , M. , Hafting , T. , McNaughton , B.L. , Witter , M.P. , Moser , M. - B. , and Moser , E.I. ( 2006 ) .
Conjunctive representation of position , direction and velocity in entorhinal cortex .
Science 312:754-758. doi:10.1126/science.1125572 .
Sharp , P.E. ( 1999 ) .
Complimentary roles for hippocampal versus subicular / entorhinal place cells in coding place , context , and events .
Hippocampus 9:432-443 . < 432::AID - HIPO9>3.0.CO;2 - P doi:10.1002 /( SICI ) 1098-1063( 1999 ) 9:4<432::AID - HIPO9>3.0.CO;2-P.
Skaggs , W.E. , Knierim , J.J. , Kudrimoti , H. , McNaughton , B.L. ( 1995 ) A model of the neural basis of the rat 's sense of direction .
In : Neural Information Processing Systems 7 ( Hanson , S.J. , Cowan , J.D. , Giles , C.L. , eds. ) , pp 173-180 .
MIT Press .
Solstad , T. , Moser , E.I. , and Einevoll , G.T. ( 2006 ) .
From grid cells to place cells : a mathematical model .
Hippocampus 16:1026 - 1031 . doi:10.1002/hipo.20244 .
Taube , J.S. , Muller , R.U. , and Ranck , J.B. Jr. ( 1990 ) .
Head - direction cells recorded from the postsubiculum in freely moving rats .
I. Description and quantitative analysis .
J. Neurosci .
10:420-435 .
Tsodyks , M. and Sejnowski , T. ( 1995 ) .
Associative memory and hippocampal place cells .
Int. J. Neural Syst. 6 ( Suppl . ) :81 - 86 .
Witter , M.P. , Groenewegen , H.J. , Lopes da Silva , F.H. , and Lohman , A.H. ( 1989 ) .
Functional organization of the extrinsic and intrinsic circuitry of the parahippocampal region .
Prog. Neurobiol .
33:161-253. doi:10.1016/0301-0082(89)90009-9 .
Witter , M.P. and Moser , E.I. ( 2006 ) .
Spatial representation and the architecture of the entorhinal cortex .
Trends Neurosci .
29:671-678. doi:10.1016/j.tins.2006.10.003 .
Zhang , K. ( 1996 ) Representation of spatial orientation by the intrinsic dynamics of the head - direction cell ensemble : a theory .
J Neurosci 16 : 2112-2126 .
Internal references
Recommended Reading
Moser , E.I. , Kropff , E. and Moser , M. - B. ( 2008 ) .
Place cells , grid cells and the brain ’s spatial representation system .
Annual Reviews of Neuroscience , 31:69 - 89 . [ 1 ] doi:10.1146/annurev.neuro.31.061307.090723 .
Derdikman , D. and Knierim J.J. ( eds. ) ( 2014 ) Space , Time and Memory in the Hippocampal Formation .
Springer ( Wien )
Kavli Institute , Center for the Biology of Memory
See Also
Cognitive map , Entorhinal cortex , Hippocampus , Memory , Models of hippocampus , Navigation , Place cells
NetApplications has just released its browser market share stats for the month of April , and there is something notable here : Internet Explorer has fallen to a " historic low " of 59.95 percent market share , losing about 0.69 points since last month .
Google 's Chrome continues its assault on Safari , reaching a 6.73 percent share ( while Safari nabbed 4.72 ) .
Of course , Internet Explorer is still so far ahead of the rest of the pack it 's hard to make these losses -- however significant -- into a tragedy of epic proportions story for Microsoft , so we 're not going to do that .
Keep in mind , as well , that NetApplications is not the only measurement of market share -- and StatCounter , by comparison , currently estimates IE 's share at about 51.42 percent .
Hit up the source link for the full battery of data .
The Vatican says the Pope had been exercising due caution The Vatican has defended the Pope against allegations that he was responsible for delaying Church action against a US paedophile priest .
A spokesman said the claims , which stem from a letter signed by Benedict XVI when he was a senior Vatican official , had been taken out of context .
AP published a letter , signed by Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger in 1985 , resisting Stephen Kiesle 's defrocking .
The Vatican says he was exercising due caution before sacking the priest .
A leading British Catholic commentator said the issue had exposed an ongoing power struggle between senior Vatican cardinals that started during the papacy of Pope Benedict 's predecessor , John Paul II .
Series of scandals
In the letter , Cardinal Ratzinger - who was at the time the head of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , which has responsibility for tackling abuse by clerics - said the " good of the universal Church " needed to be considered in any defrocking , AP reported .
ANALYSIS By David Willey ,
BBC News , Rome
The Vatican claims the letter must be considered in its true context of a lengthy exchange of correspondence between California and Rome about defrocking an American priest who was a known child molester .
The Pope 's critics claim that he stalled and left unanswered for years letters concerning alleged cases of sexual abuse by priests .
American bishops are coming under increasing pressure from their flocks to explain why the Church in Rome did not take more robust action or took no action at all .
So they are releasing confidential documents which put the future Pope 's lack of action in a bad light .
The Vatican insists that the Pope was only exercising due caution before sacking a priest for sexual misconduct .
A Vatican spokesman said the letter was part of a long correspondence and should not be taken out of context .
" The press office does n't believe it is necessary to respond to every single document taken out of context regarding particular legal situations , " said the spokesman , Fr Federico Lombardi .
He acknowledged that the Church had lost public trust and said Church law could no longer be placed above civil laws if that trust were to be recovered .
This is an abrupt change of tone by the Vatican , says BBC religious affairs correspondent Robert Pigott .
Officials had previously accused critics of trying to smear the Pope personally and only last weekend said he should ignore petty gossip directed at him , our correspondent adds .
The Catholic Church has been hit by a series of child abuse scandals in recent years , including in Ireland , the US , Germany and Norway , and has faced criticism for failing to deal adequately with the problem .
On Friday , the Vatican urged Catholic dioceses around the world to co-operate with police investigating sex abuse allegations against priests .
The Vatican says the Pope is willing to meet more victims of clerical abuse , while the Church is set to publish an internet guide as to how bishops deal with accusations of sexual abuse .
' Grave significance ' AP said Fr Kiesle was sentenced to three years of probation in 1978 for lewd conduct with two young boys in San Francisco .
ALLEGATIONS FACING POPE
In 1980 as archbishop of Munich and Freising , then - Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger unwittingly approved housing for a priest accused of child abuse ; a former deputy later said he made the decision Cardinal Ratzinger failed to act over complaints during the 1990s about US priest Lawrence Murphy , who is thought to have abused some 200 deaf boys in Wisconsin Cardinal Ratzinger allowed a case against Arizona priest Michael Teta to languish at the Vatican for more than a decade despite repeated pleas for his removal Cardinal Ratzinger resisted the defrocking of California priest Stephen Kiesle , a convicted offender , saying " good of the universal Church " needed to be considered The Pope 's supporters say he has been unfairly blamed for cases handled by junior staff , and that he has been proactive in addressing child abuse .
It said the Oakland diocese had recommended Fr Kiesle 's removal in 1981 but that that did not happen until 1987 .
A Vatican attorney said Kiesle was not accused of any misdemeanour during the period .
Cardinal Ratzinger took over the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith in 1981 .
AP says the 1985 correspondence , written in Latin , shows the cardinal saying that Kiesle 's removal would need careful review .
Cardinal Ratzinger urged " as much paternal care as possible " for Kiesle .
Kiesle was sentenced to six years in prison in 2004 after admitting molesting a young girl in 1995 .
Kiesle is now 63 and is on the registered sex offenders list in California .
Power struggle
While the scandal has prompted calls for the Pope 's resignation , a columnist for Britain 's leading Catholic newspaper said Cardinal Ratzinger had actually wanted to crack down hard on paedophile priests in the 1980s .
This court ... deems it necessary to consider the good of the Universal Church together with that of the petitioner
Text of Pope ' letter '
Pope willing to see abuse victims Clifford Longley , a columnist for The Tablet , said the cardinal was thwarted by other senior Vatican figures who wanted to cover up the sex - abuse crisis , until he was given overall control of the issue in 2001 .
" Ratzinger was thwarted on several occasions ... by people surrounding the Pope , and indeed possibly by John Paul II himself , who did not appear to be taking the situation anything like as seriously as Ratzinger , " said Mr Longley .
Since Benedict XVI was elected as Pope in 2005 , things had changed radically , added Mr Longley , but the power - struggle was ongoing .
The Vatican has ruled out any possibility of a papal resignation over the scandal .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
opinion Stephen Conroy must immediately stop his vicious public attacks on Google and apologise for his clear lack of understanding of the technical details of the recent potential privacy breach in the collection of Wi-Fi data by the search giant ’s Street View cars .
That ’s the conclusion that I drew this morning after reading the transcript of our noble Communications Minister ’s statements on the matter in the Senate Estimates Committee yesterday .
In the committee , Conroy made a number of statements that have no obvious basis in fact .
For example , he stated that it was possible that Google ’s collection of Wi-Fi data constituted “ the largest privacy breach in history across Western democracies ” .
I hardly think so .
Mr Conroy , as the internet has widely chronicled , privacy breaches are incredibly rampant in our information - rich society .
It ’s not hard to find examples in the past few years where massive government databases have been left on unencrypted USB keys , and jobseeker databases have been hacked into and information on hundreds of thousands of people stolen .
There was even a case where over 250,000 people who had requested a free sample of a personal lubricant had their details exposed on the public internet .
Need I point out that the Australian Taxation Office itself has admitted to losing data about taxpayers ?
And government auditors ( the most recent example being Western Australia ) regularly find appalling security and privacy practices within the public sector .
In this context , Google ’s admission that it had accidentally automatically been picking up some Wi -Fi data across unencrypted networks must surely rank as quite minor – especially since it does n’t appear as if Google knows precisely what it picked up , and is currently attempting to delete the data in the safest way possible .
As Google itself has stated ( and as is apparent if you have any basic knowledge of the laws of physics ) , the data collected was not even that significant .
The fact that its Street View cars are constantly in motion means that they would typically only have captured “ fragments ” of payload data from Wi -Fi networks .
Conroy ’s claim of a massive privacy breach just does n’t stack up when there is no obvious injured party yet from Google capturing what could just be useless fragments of information .
Then there was Conroy ’s statement that Google deliberately collected the Wi-Fi data , which he repeated several times under questioning from Liberal Senator Mary - Jo Fisher .
Well , no .
As Google has stated : “ Quite simply it was a mistake . ”
An engineer wrote a piece of code that was mistakenly included alongside other code used in Google ’s Street View cars .
I fail to understand what basis Conroy has for not believing Google ’s incredibly open and honest statement here – in public – apologizing for its mistakes .
There is simply no evidence that Google was deliberately planning to collect payload data through its Street View cars .
Until someone finds a smoking gun – such as an email from Google CEO Eric Schmidt commanding Google to spy on people ’s Wi-Fi networks – we must presume Google innocent until proven guilty , and take the company at its word .
To do anything else is a travesty of justice .
But perhaps the most disturbing thing about Conroy ’s testimony is the lengths to which he went to make links between various of Google ’s recent activities
“ Google takes the view that they can do anything they want … People should not mistake the approach being taken by Google on a range of issues around the world , ” he said , going on to extensively quoting the search giant ’s CEO Eric Schmidt in an apparent effort to concoct some massive conspiracy on behalf of the search giant .
From Google Buzz , to Street View , to Wi-Fi SSID collection , to the internet filter … Conroy seems to believe that Google is evil , and he ’s actively investigating the company ’s operations internationally , using public statements by its CEO Schmidt to build castles in the air about it .
The incredibly absurd nature of his testimony in the Senate Estimates Committee yesterday ( I encourage you to read the transcript ) is evident by the reactions throughout from Scott Ludlam , in which the Greens Senator ’s incredulity in the face of Conroy ’s nonsense statements is written as plain as day .
“ This is starting to sound really personal .
Go ahead , ” said Ludlam , and later : “ Are you going to quote them on your filter , because I presume that is what this is all about ? ”
Later , after a lengthy diatribe on the fact that Google states on its website that users can trust it when it comes to privacy , Ludlam sarcastically remarked : “ Terrible ! ”
The other disturbing thing about this situation is that it displays to great effect the amazing immaturity with which Conroy wields his ministerial powers .
If I was Communications Minister and I had a problem with a company whose operations fell in my portfolio , I would contact that company ’s Australian managing director — or even its global CEO — and request a private chat to work through some of the difficulties .
Doing so emphasises your power as a minister and allows you to build close relationships with other powerful people that will be useful in a thousand different ways .
Instead , Conroy has chosen to make his complaint about Google public , drawing on his overt powers of parliamentary privilege rather than using his influence to manipulate the situation .
Putting pressure on Google in the senate , to be honest , is likely to make the search giant dig in harder and defend its position .
If Conroy really wanted to achieve substantive change in the way Google operates , he would likely achieve much greater traction by dealing with his issues behind closed doors .
The “ crybaby ” approach he is currently pursuing is unlikely to deliver any substantial outcomes — apart from convincing the rest of the industry that he is a dangerous and unstable commodity .
And it reinforces the impression that his current Google complaints stem from the search giant ’s opposition to his pet internet filter project .
In the content of what he appears to believe is a massive conspiracy from Google to steal his data , I am only left with one question for Stephen Conroy this morning .
Does this mean , Mr Conroy , that on your own PC you use Microsoft Bing ?
Image credit : T. Rolf , royalty free
CINCINNATI -- Adam Jones agreed to a two - year deal with the Cincinnati Bengals on Thursday , putting the troubled cornerback on a team with a history of giving players second chances .
ESPN.com 's John Clayton first reported the deal Thursday .
According to a source , the Bengals inserted language in the contract to protect themselves in case Jones gets in trouble off the field .
Jones , who was released by the Cowboys after the 2008 season and did n't play last year , worked for the Bengals twice this offseason , including Tuesday .
He was selected by Tennessee in the first round of the 2005 draft , but has struggled to stay on the field because of his repeated arrests .
" There is going to be a two - year deal , " Tom Hunter , Jones ' agent , told The Associated Press on Thursday night .
" It 's going to be signed Friday or Monday .
We do n't have in hand yet but we will . "
A message was left Thursday seeking comment from the Bengals .
Jones , 26 , was suspended for the entire 2007 season and for six games with the Cowboys in 2008 for violating the NFL 's conduct policy .
Jones could have some trouble making the Bengals .
Cincinnati has one of the best cornerback tandems in the league in Johnathan Joseph and Leon Hall , who had six interceptions apiece last season .
Morgan Trent , a sixth - round pick last year , had a solid rookie season , and the Bengals selected Brandon Ghee from Wake Forest in the third round last month , looking for depth at the position .
The defense finished fourth in the league in 2009 , one of the main reasons Cincinnati won the AFC North with a 10 - 6 record .
Jones was expected to be a cornerstone of Tennessee 's defense for years after he was drafted out of West Virginia .
Instead , he was arrested six times and involved in 12 instances requiring police intervention .
The Cowboys traded for him and he got into trouble again , drawing the six - game suspension for an alcohol - related scuffle with a team - provided bodyguard .
He appeared in nine games with Dallas , starting six , but failed to get an interception .
He also returned punts and averaged only 4.5 yards , prompting the Cowboys to release him after the season .
Jones went to West Virginia along with late Bengals receiver Chris Henry .
The two of them got into so much trouble with their NFL teams that commissioner Roger Goodell toughened the league 's disciplinary policies .
The Bengals released Henry in 2008 following his fifth arrest .
Owner Mike Brown referred to himself as a " redeemer " and did an about - face , bringing Henry back against the wishes of coach Marvin Lewis .
Henry died in a fall from a pickup truck driven by his fiancee late last season .
The Bengals became more cautious about signing troubled players after they had 10 arrested during a 14 - month span .
Henry and linebacker Odell Thurman were the main offenders , drawing repeated suspensions beginning in 2005 .
The team has softened its stance in the last two years , bringing in players on low - risk deals .
Running back Cedric Benson was released by the Bears after two alcohol - related arrests -- the cases were dropped after grand juries declined to indict -- and the Bengals signed him to a minimal financial deal during the 2008 season .
They took the same approach last season with running back Larry Johnson , who got a minimal contract and left as a free agent after the season .
In February , the Bengals signed receiver Matt Jones , who did n't play in the NFL last season , to a one - year deal at close to the league minimum .
Jones was charged with cocaine possession and with violating a plea agreement , prompting the Jaguars to release him after the 2008 season .
ESPN.com senior NFL writer John Clayton and The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Arnold ’s Office Furniture : New Office Cubicles , Furniture , Workstations & More
Arnold ’s Office Furniture has been a furniture industry expert since 1929 .
Originally working with used office furniture until the mid-2000s , Arnold ’s shifted gears , leaving the world of used office furniture behind , and focusing on new , revolutionary office furniture .
Enter Arnold ’s best - selling product : the Sunline sliding cubicle system .
As the leading supplier of the revolutionary Sunline Sliding Cubicle System , we ’ve quickly changed the once boring and dull cubicle design , into a fresh , functional , affordable workstation .
Introducing a Full Line of Office Furniture for the Modern Workplace
Whether you ’re looking to restructure , reconfigure , or redesign your current office layout , Arnold ’s has the products you need – from flexible workstations and sit - stand desks , to reception areas and conference setups .
We offer a full line of beautiful , affordable , and modular furniture in a variety of styles and price ranges that will make your office upgrade a success .
As the exclusive dealer of Sunline office furniture , we make it incredibly easy to design your office from start to finish .
Our catalog includes :
Duke Energy this week announced that it has selected ten new customer sites across North Carolina that will have solar panels installed on their building or grounds as part of the utility ’s distributed solar generation program .
The company launched the program in October 2009 , when roof space was leased from four large manufacturing and commercial facilities for placement of solar panels .
“ Partnering with sites visible to our customers helps build knowledge and understanding of solar energy , ” said Brett Carter , president of Duke Energy Carolinas , North Carolina .
“ This innovative program brings more solar energy to our customers , and helps us meet the state ’s renewable energy portfolio standard in a way that balances costs to customers . ”
These 10 sites listed below will see approximately 4.1 megawatts of solar capacity installed by 2011 .
Lincoln Charter School , Denver
Gaston County Schools , Lowell
Environmental Protection Agency , Durham
Maple View Farm , Hillsborough
City of Charlotte Department of Transportation Facility , Charlotte
Liberty Hardware / Johnson Development , Winston Salem
Childress Klein Properties , Charlotte
Carrier Centers , LLC , Charlotte
Siemens , Winston Salem
Daimler Trucks North America , Cleveland
When the distributed solar generation program is complete , Duke Energy will have invested approximately US $ 50 million to construct and own a total of 10 megawatts of solar energy capacity in the state .
These sites were selected based on the organization ’s interest in solar energy , ready access to the electrical grid and solar potential , in addition to other essential lease agreement criteria .
Installations are under way on a few of the sites , and construction is expected to be complete by fall 2010 .
North Carolina ’s renewable energy standard requires each public electric utility to meet at least 12.5 percent of its North Carolina retail customers ’ electricity needs through new renewable energy sources or energy efficiency measures by 2021 .
Schlachtschiff Scharnhorst
December , 1943 fit
model by rtwpsom2
©2010 all rights reserved
Update , 9-10 - 10
After quite awhile I have finally spent a little time working on replacing the blue paint scheme with a gray one .
It was usally done in fits and spurts and took me several months with about 6 hours over the last week to finally complete it .
The colors involved were as follows .
RAL 9002
Weiss ( white ) was used on the bow , stern and foretop .
RAL 7000 Dunkelgrau 51 ( medium gray ) is probably the most used gray color .
It is accentuated with the modest use of RAL 7001 Hellgrau ( light gray ) and immodest use of RAL 7024 dunkelgrau 52 ( dark gray ) .
On the each side of the hull there is one patch of RAL 9005 schwarz ( black ) forward of Anton turret .
The boot topping is RAL 7016 dunkelgrau 51 ( dark gray ) , and it is also used as an anti glare coating on top of the bridge and aft fire control .
The anti-fouling is RAL 8013 deckfarbe rot ( reddish brown ) .
The white and black of the air recognition panel are the aforementioned weiss and schwarz .
The red on the air recognition panel is RAL 3011 feuerschiffsfarbe rot ( fireship red ) which was a guess , but I think it looks good .
These are renders and screen captures of the Scharnhorst model I did for Dragon .
They show the progression of the model from start to finish .
Some of them are repeats and some were done just for kicks .
Near the end you will see several different variations of the camo patterns .
Steve Wiper and I had to work at them to get the pattern right and we later found out the colors were innacurate , but the pattern is correct in the last three .
The camo was just for fun anyway , it was n't a vital step in the process .
In fact a lot of things you will see were just for fun .
The Securities and Exchange Commission said it has already meted out punishment to a group of employees found to have viewed pornography during work hours .
Thirty - three people at the agency were found to have looked at porn over the past five years , according to a summary of internal probes conducted by the SEC 's inspector general .
All but two of the investigations were in the past three years .
The ...
The latest MCUs make it feasible to include programmable I2 C slaves in low - cost systems .
Most low - speed serial devices communicate with each other using the I2 C bus .
Although there 's a wide variety of I2 C slave ICs , programmable I2 C slaves are rare .
One such programmable slave is the microcontroller ( MCU ) .
Forcing a microcontroller to emulate an I2 C slave device is n't a difficult task , but until recently , serious problems hampered this approach .
New low - cost , low - power microcontrollers now make it feasible to include programmable I2 C slave devices in inexpensive systems .
Typically an I2 C system is constructed from one master and many slaves .
Such systems can be broken down into a larger number of subsystems , each controlled by a dedicated inexpensive MCU .
Each subsystem connects to a faster ( and typically more expensive ) master .
This approach lets engineers develop several subsystems in parallel , all of which link to the master controller with little additional design effort , as shown in Figure 1 .
A hypothetical subsystem might include a linear - position sensor , a linear slide driven by a stepper motor , and code that controls this motor based on sensor feedback .
Integrating the code into the main firmware of a single - processor system is no easy feat .
It 's easier to write the firmware for a dedicated microcontroller found within a subsystem .
The main processor repositions the linear slide by writing an 8 - or 16 - bit position value to an I2 C register .
As an added benefit , the subsystem designer need n't worry about other real - time system processes hoarding MCU resources , which could interfere with the digital control system .
Data transmission on the I2 C bus is accomplished using two wires ( plus ground ) and a regimented protocol .
Transmissions are always initiated by the master regardless of the data flow direction .
Each transmission is framed by an I2 C - Start and an I2 C - Stop condition .
Data are transmitted serially in byte - wide increments .
Typically , the first byte is the slave 's 7 - bit address followed by a read / write ( R/W ) bit ( possible exceptions are the 10 - bit addressing and HS - mode prefix ) .
Subsequent data are transmitted from or to the slave depending on the logic level of the R/ W bit .
All data bytes are followed by an acknowledge bit that 's used , not only as an indicator of data integrity , but also as part of the flow - control scheme .
To avoid confusion with the Start and Stop conditions , all data transitions on the serial data ( SDA ) line must occur during the serial clock ( SCL ) line 's low phase , as shown in Figure 2 .
A typical I2 C data transmission ( Figure 3 ) is composed of a Start condition , a 7 - bit address with the associated R/ W bit ( 8 bits total ) , some byte - wide data , and a Stop condition .
Bus interface circuitry
The I2 C slave device must always monitor the bus lines for Start and Stop conditions and react accordingly when its corresponding slave address is written to the bus .
Monitoring the I2 C bus ' SDA / SCL lines with MCU GPIO pins would require constant polling of the lines for activity .
A better method is to attach both lines to interrupt pins on the MCU .
Both methods are resource - intensive , especially during the times when monitoring the lines is n't necessary ( in other words , when the I2 C master is talking to an I2 C device with a different slave address ) .
To increase the amount of processing resources available for other tasks , thus obtaining maximum efficiency , it 's necessary to detect the I2 C Start and Stop conditions by using a hardware interface .
The hardware interface , illustrated by the circuit in Figure 4 , is composed of two flip - flops , two buffers , two MOSFETs , and an inverter .
This vital circuit offloads I2 C Start and Stop detection ( Figure 5 ) and lets the microcontroller use its full resources on the end application rather than on monitoring bus lines .
This circuit is compatible with the I2 C specification because it does n't load each bus line with more than 10 pF of capacitance , and it 's compatible with standard ( 100 kHz ) and fast ( 400 k Hz ) switching speeds .
The circuit maintains the low - power theme by consuming less than 4 μA of supply current .
View the full - size image
I2 C slave framework
The firmware framework is written in C , using CrossStudio for MAXQ ( Rowley Associates ) .
Although the source code presented here is specific to a Maxim MCU , the principles underlying the code can be applied to any MCU featuring edge - triggered interrupt inputs that can be dynamically reconfigured at run time ( in other words , rising - or falling - edge triggered ) .
The framework mimics a register - based I2 C slave that features an 8 - bit register pointer and a configurable number of 8 - bit read / write registers .
Writing data to the registers requires that the register pointer be initialized to the desired register address .
Register data is written sequentially , and the register pointer is incremented after each byte of written data .
Figure 6 outlines a typical I2 C write transaction .
Note that the register pointer and register data are written within the same I2 C transaction .
Reading the register contents ( Figure 7 ) requires a little more effort because both a write transaction ( required to initialize the register pointer ) and a read transaction ( required to read the register contents ) must occur .
View the full - size image
View the full - size image
Although these transactions can be separated by a Stop and subsequent Start condition , programmers typically reduce transmission time by substituting the Stop / Start with a repeated Start .
The repeated Start is the same as a regular Start condition except that it occurs between regular Start / Stop conditions .
Turn the key
The framework buries the I2 C slave implementation details and adds several hooks that make program development quick and painless .
Available hooks include an initialization routine ( Listing 1 ) , a polling routine ( Listing 2 ) , a pass - through interrupt handler routine , which is required because the MCU only provides one interrupt vector for all interrupt conditions ( Listing 3 ) , and the all - important I2 C interrupt service routine ( Listing 4 ) .
View the full - size image
View the full - size image
View the full - size image
View the full - size image
The I2 C interrupt service routine ( ISR ) is called after each valid I2 C write transfer and serves as the connection point that ties the I2 C slave registers to the user firmware .
The framework automatically logs register changes by using memory - economizing bit - flags .
The flags relieve the firmware designer from the resource - intensive burden of tracking register changes .
Built - in helper functions access the bit- flags and let the firmware designer check and set one or all of the flags .
These functions can be used to implement a simple register - check algorithm like the one detailed in Listing 4 .
State diagram
The I2 C communications interface consumes little of the MCU 's resources .
Processor overhead is minimized by using interrupts to create a state machine .
Interrupts on the Start , Stop , and SCL inputs are catalysts that instigate a state change .
A Start interrupt always forces the state machine into the address detection state , while a Stop always forces the state machine to abandon what it 's doing , clear the input buffer , release the I2 C - data line ( SDA ) , and return to the Idle state .
The SCL is connected to an interrupt and is masked ( disabled ) when the I2 C master is talking to a slave with a different address .
Because the slave must respond after both rising and falling edges of the SCL , the SCL interrupt edge must be dynamically configurable at run-time .
Because the firmware framework is interrupt driven , it consumes few of the MCU 's resources .
The code outlined in the listings is used to calculate efficiency .
They configure the MCU 's general - purpose I/O ( GPIO ) pin as an output in the FWInit ( ) hook .
A delay loop in the FWPoll ( ) hook evenly spaces clock edges on the GPIO output .
When no I2 C activity is occurring , the microcontroller has full use of its resources , and the GPIO output toggles at a fixed maximum frequency .
I2 C activity will sporadically increase the amount of time between edges because of the added overhead that the I2 C state machine imposes .
Counting the number of pulses during a fixed 100 - μs window and calculating the ratio between the I2 C idle and I2 C active states reveals that the I2 C state machine requires about 30 % of the microcontroller 's total resources during the switching phase of an I2 C transaction .
Although the average resource consumption of the I2 C state machine depends on the length and frequency of I2 C transactions , the maximum resource drain should never exceed the aforementioned 30 % figure .
Figuring the cost
The firmware framework imposes minimal drains on code / data space and allows for maximum efficiency of the attached MCU .
The framework requires 824 bytes of program code , and six plus NumberOfRegisters bytes of data memory .
The bus-interface circuitry budgetary pricing is in the 70 - cent range and draws minimal current ( less than 4 μA ) from the power supply .
The solution presented here costs around $ 4 to $ 5 , which is comparable to some fixed nonprogrammable I2 C slave devices .
Board real estate is minimized by choosing an MCU that 's packaged in a space - saving QFN package , with bus - interface circuitry composed of SOT - 23 and SC - 70 packages .
Although I chose to implement only an I2 C slave interface with a 7 - bit slave address , the code could easily be modified to respond to a 10 - bit slave address .
Depending on the chosen MCU , the interface could be optimized to work at fast - or high - speed switching modes of 400 kHz or 1.7/3.4 MHz , respectively .
In addition , you could add an SMBus - compatible interrupt line ( SMBALERT # ) , which would require the device to respond to address 0x18 ( the SMBus alert response address ) .
An I2 C slave is also allowed to slow the data transmission by holding the clock line low .
Add this useful feature if the MCU must respond to some real - time process that supersedes the I2 C communications ' priority .
Donald Schelle was a member of the technical staff at Maxim Integrated Products Inc .
He received a bachelor's of engineering and a diploma in electrical engineering from Lakehead University , Thunder Bay , Ontario , Canada , and a diploma in electrical engineering - computer control from Confederation College , Thunder Bay .
Eric Schlaepfer is a strategic applications engineer at Maxim Integrated Products .
He graduated from Cal Poly in 2005 with a bachelor of science in electrical engineering .
Schlaepfer can be reached at .
Resources :
“ I2 C bus specification , ” version 2.1 , Phillips Semiconductors , January 2000 .
“ System Management Bus ( SMBus ) specification , ” version 2.0 , SBS Implementers Forum , August 2000 .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
More
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
WhatsApp
Skype
Pocket
Telegram
There are some food truths we hold to be self - evident , and one of them is that orange juice is inherently good .
It 's packed with vitamin C ; it 's what your mom tells you to drink when you feel a cold coming on ; it looks like sunshine in a glass .
Plus , it 's delicious .
Those things are true , but Alissa Hamilton 's book " Squeezed : What You Don't Know About Orange Juice " — released today in paperback — reveals some other truths .
Things were n't always this way .
The ubiquitous presence of pasteurized orange juice in chilled cartons , all tasting basically the same , dates back only to the 1960s .
That 's when the FDA began regulating and standardizing orange juice , and decided what consumers did and did n't need to know about it .
As a result , despite what advertisers claim , most orange juice is neither fresh nor natural ( not in the way most of us would define those terms ) .
Think about it ; how could it be truly fresh year - round , when oranges are a seasonal product ?
Sure , it may be " not from concentrate , " but raw juice is often heated , stripped of its volatile compounds and flavor - rich oils , and stored for as long as a year before it reaches the consumer .
Something called " the flavor pack " is used to return most of the " natural " aroma and taste to the product , Hamilton explains :
The flavor is sourced from all parts of oranges everywhere ... Typically , the orange oils and essences that juice concentrators collect during evaporation are sold to flavor manufacturers , who then reconfigure these by - products ... into ' flavor packs ' for reintroduction into orange juice .
Often , those by - products come from other countries and may contain unknown pesticide residues , but the producers do n't have to disclose that .
And as one citrus flavor researcher told Hamilton , replicating nature 's complexity is extremely difficult : " Right now the formula for fresh flavors is just about as elusive as the formula for Coke . "
In other words , that 's why it tastes so much better when you actually take a bunch of fresh oranges and squeeze them yourself .
Hamilton is careful to explain that she 's not against orange juice , she 's against deceptive marketing and believes consumers have a right to know what they 're buying :
The history of processed orange juice and its marketing highlights the fact that as a society we tend not to care too much about deceptive advertising unless the product being pushed is measurably harmful ...
As the gap in both geographic and mental miles between consumer and store bought food has widened , the role of product promotion as a source of product information has grown .
The bigger problem is n't juice , but rather " food ignorance . "
Deceptive , misleading or overly simplistic messages from both government and industry in recent decades have contributed to " the average consumer 's obliviousness to where and how that individual 's food is produced , " Hamilton concludes , which could have serious consequences for their own health , the environment and the economy .
Do you want more information about what 's in your carton of orange juice , or is this not a big deal to you ?
Metamaterials , which are used to produce the items that are termed " invisibility cloaks , " have occasionally been targets of skepticism because they do n't actually work in visible wavelengths .
A paper published in Nature this week describes the structure of a new metamaterial with a negative refractive index that can misdirect light in most of the visible spectrum , up through blue light , bringing the cloaks a step closer to imparting actual invisibility .
The metamaterials that compose the invisibility cloaks work because they have a negative refractive index , which causes light entering them to bounce in an unusual way .
Recently , scientists had found that the physical fabrication limits of their metamaterials were too close to the wavelengths of visible light , and they could only bend waves on the red end of the electromagnetic spectrum .
The " invisibility cloak " name had been writing checks its functionality could n't cash ; to make visually undetectable material , scientists needed a new approach .
They found they were able to bend visible light by using a two - dimensional array of coaxial waveguides arranged in a hexagonal configuration .
The waveguides were composed of two layers of silver sandwiching a gallium - phosphorus insulator ; they could maintain a negative refractive index for light of wavelengths as short as 450 - 500 nanometers , corresponding to the color blue .
The literal invisibility cloak is stll incomplete — as it stands , the metamaterial described here would be able to bend away every color except violet , so anything " cloaked " would just be highlighted purple .
Even if researchers do eventually conquer violet , an invisibility cloak might still be noticeable to the human eye .
Still , the ability to bend shorter wavelengths brings scientists a step closer to a new way of beating the diffraction limit and creating superlenses that can see features even smaller than the wavelengths we use .
Nature , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1038 / NMAT2747 ( About DOIs ) .
The two men pose for the camera at right angles to each other .
They ’re in a room in Tangier in 1961 .
Nothing in the picture indicates place or time , though , and neither really matters to understanding the image .
Clearly , it ’s about who rather than where or when .
You do n’t have to know that the subjects are the Beat poets Allen Ginsberg , in back , and Gregory Corso , in front , to realize this is the case .
The photograph is all about the two individuals in it , both separately ( each man has a striking appearance ) and together .
In fact , what most comes across is a sense of conjunction : “ Siamese poetry twins , ” as Ginsberg writes in his caption .
True , a right angle , being square , is n’t exactly Beat geometry ; but that very squareness makes the angle all the more solidly joined .
The photograph , which was likely taken by Ginsberg ’s longtime lover , Peter Orlovsky , is one of some six dozen that make up “ Beat Memories : The Photographs of Allen Ginsberg , ” which will be at the National Gallery of Art through September 6 .
Ginsberg started taking photographs as a young man , in the 1940s , and kept doing so through 1963 , when his camera was left behind on a trip to India .
The result was a kind of Beat family photo album : informal , affectionate , full of personality — and personalities .
We see , among others , Jack Kerouac , William Burroughs , Neal Cassady and Orlovsky .
Ginsberg liked to say he was “ fooling around ” with the camera ( whether behind or before it ) .
These were pictures , he felt , “ meant more for a public in heaven than one here on earth — and that ’s why they ’re charming . ”
As befits such casually taken images , Ginsberg would have them developed at his corner drugstore .
“ Every writer since the invention of the Kodak has probably made snapshots , ” says Sarah Greenough , senior curator of photographs at the National Gallery , who organized “ Beat Memories . ”
Yet very few have amassed a notable body of photographic work .
Ginsberg thus joins Lewis Carroll , George Bernard Shaw , Eudora Welty and Wright Morris ( who ’s probably better known today for his photographs than for his novels ) .
Ginsberg resumed taking pictures , more seriously , in the early 1980s .
He was inspired by the example of an old friend , the photographer Robert Frank , and a new one , the photographer Berenice Abbott .
“ What ’s interesting about Ginsberg is he makes a lot of pictures from 1953 to 1963 , ” says Greenough .
“ Then it ’s only beginning in the early 1980s that he rediscovers them .
By then he ’s already established himself as one of the most important writers of the 20th century .
He can then , if you will , afford to turn his attention to photography .
I think photography came at the right moment in Ginsberg ’s career . ”
Ginsberg began using better cameras and having his photographs printed professionally .
“ I had been taking pictures all along , ” he told an interviewer in 1991 , “ but I had n’t thought of myself as a photographer . ”
The most noticeable difference was a simple yet distinctive way he found to marry image and text .
He began writing captions , sometimes quite lengthy , on each print .
He extended the practice to earlier photographs , too .
His images , Ginsberg felt , “ all had a story to tell , especially the old ones , ” and his captioning was a way of acknowledging that .
Ginsberg ’s printers had to start making his images smaller to leave room for the words he was writing beneath them — not so much captions , really , as brief excerpts from a running memoir .
Ginsberg spoke of his photographs as his “ celestial snapshots . ”
He could as easily have been referring to artistic stardom as the heavens .
In addition to shooting fellow Beats , Ginsberg photographed Robert Frank , Bob Dylan , the painter Francesco Clemente and the poet Yevgeny Yevtushenko .
The biggest star of all was Ginsberg himself .
Not an especially handsome man , he nonetheless had an attractiveness the camera responded to .
Frank considered a Richard Avedon nude portrait of Ginsberg and Orlovsky the best photograph the celebrated portraitist and fashion photographer ever took .
You can see in the double portrait with Corso how photogenic Ginsberg was ( strange that he should look a bit like Arthur Miller in it ) .
You can also see from the way he appraises the camera that this is someone already very much aware of the lens and what it can do .
The camera ’s partiality to Ginsberg is no less apparent in the self - portrait he took 35 years later on his 70th birthday .
It ’s evident how well he ’s weathered the blunt passage of time ( not something that can be said of Corso in Ginsberg ’s 1995 portrait ) .
The intensity of the gaze , the nest - like invitingness of the beard , the air of sage authority : Ginsberg has the look of a rather sexy , and very dapper , rabbi .
How dandyish of him to note the provenance of his clothes .
Have “ Goodwill ” and “ Oleg Cassini ” ever otherwise figured in the same sentence ?
Mark Feeney , who covers the arts and photography for the Boston Globe , won the 2008 Pulitzer Prize for criticism .
" Outsmart him .
Outrun him .
Outlive him . " -- Dave Scott
The Hunger Argument
Number of people worldwide who will die as a result of malnutrition this year : 20 million
Number of people who could be adequately fed using land freed if Americans reduced their intake of meat by 10 % : 100 million
Percentage of corn grown in the U.S. eaten by people : 20
Percentage of corn grown in the U.S. eaten by livestock : 80
Percentage of oats grown in the U.S. eaten by livestock : 95
Percentage of protein wasted by cycling grain through livestock : 90
How frequently a child dies as a result of malnutrition : every 2.3 seconds
Pounds of potatoes that can be grown on an acre : 40,000
Pounds of beef produced on an acre : 250
Percentage of U.S. farmland devoted to beef production : 56
Pounds of grain and soybeans needed to produce a pound of edible flesh from feedlot beef : 16
The Environmental Argument
Cause of global warming : greenhouse effect
Primary cause of greenhouse effect : carbon dioxide emissions from fossil fuels
Fossil fuels needed to produce meat - centered diet vs. a meat - free diet : 3 times more
Percentage of U.S. topsoil lost to date : 75
Percentage of U.S. topsoil loss directly related to livestock raising : 85
Number of acres of U.S. forest cleared for cropland to produce meat - centered diet : 260 million
Amount of meat imported to U.S. annually from Central and South America : 300,000,000 pounds
Percentage of Central American children under the age of five who are undernourished : 75
Area of tropical rainforest consumed in every quarter - pound of rainforest beef : 55 square feet
Current rate of species extinction due to destruction of tropical rainforests for meat grazing and other uses : 1,000 per year
The Cancer Argument
Increased risk of breast cancer for women who eat meat daily compared to less than once a week : 3.8 times
For women who eat eggs daily compared to once a week : 2.8 times
For women who eat butter and cheese 2 - 4 times a week : 3.25 times
Increased risk of fatal ovarian cancer for women who eat eggs 3 or more times a week vs. less than once a week : 3 times
Increased risk of fatal prostate cancer for men who consume meat , cheese , eggs and milk daily vs. sparingly or not at all : 3.6 times .
The Cholesterol Argument
Number of U.S. medical schools : 125
Number requiring a course in nutrition : 30
Nutrition training received by average U.S. physician during four years in medical school : 2.5 hours
Most common cause of death in the U.S. : heart attack
How frequently a heart attack kills in the U.S. : every 45 seconds
Average U.S. man's risk of death from heart attack : 50 percent
Risk of average U.S. man who eats no meat : 15 percent
Risk of average U.S. man who eats no meat , dairy or eggs : 4 percent
Amount you reduce risk of heart attack if you reduce consumption of meat , dairy and eggs by 10 percent : 9 percent
Amount you reduce risk of heart attack if you reduce consumption by 50 percent : 45 percent
Amount you reduce risk if you eliminate meat , dairy and eggs from your diet : 90 percent
Average cholesterol level of people eating meat - centered - diet : 210 mg/dl
Chance of dying from heart disease if you are male and your blood cholesterol level is 210 mg / dl : greater than 50 percent
The Natural Resources Argument
User of more than half of all water used for all purposes in the U.S. : livestock production
Amount of water used in production of the average cow : sufficient to float a destroyer
Gallons of water needed to produce a pound of wheat : 25
Gallons of water needed to produce a pound of California beef : 5,000
Years the world 's known oil reserves would last if every human ate a meat - centered diet : 13
Years they would last if human beings no longer ate meat : 260
Calories of fossil fuel expended to get 1 calorie of protein from beef : 78
To get 1 calorie of protein from soybeans : 2
Percentage of all raw materials ( base products of farming , forestry and mining , including fossil fuels ) consumed by U.S. that is devoted to the production of livestock : 33
Percentage of all raw materials consumed by the U.S. needed to produce a complete vegetarian diet : 2
The Antibiotic Argument
Percentage of U.S. antibiotics fed to livestock : 55
Percentage of staphylococci infections resistant to penicillin in 1960 : 13
Percentage resistant in 1988 : 91
Response of European Economic Community to routine feeding of antibiotics to livestock : ban
Response of U.S. meat and pharmaceutical industries to routine feeding of antibiotics to livestock : full and complete support
The Pesticide Argument
Common belief : U.S. Department of Agriculture protects our health through meat inspection
Reality : fewer than 1 out of every 250,000 slaughtered animals is tested for toxic chemical residues
Percentage of U.S. mother 's milk containing significant levels of DDT : 99
Percentage of U.S. vegetarian mother 's milk containing significant levels of DDT : 8
Contamination of breast milk , due to chlorinated hydrocarbon pesticides in animal products , found in meat - eating mothers vs. non-meat eating mothers : 35 times higher
Amount of Dieldrin ingested by the average breast - fed American infant : 9 times the permissible level
The Ethical Argument
Number of animals killed for meat per hour in the U.S. : 660,000
Occupation with highest turnover rate in U.S. : slaughterhouse worker
Occupation with highest rate of on - the - job - injury in U.S. : slaughterhouse worker
The Survival Argument
Athlete to win Ironman Triathlon more than twice : Dave Scott ( 6 time winner )
Food choice of Dave Scott : Vegetarian
Largest meat eater that ever lived : Tyrannosaurus Rex ( Where is he today ? )
Source = " Diet For A New America " by John Robbins
FACEBOOK COMMENTS :
Ekspert do spraw lotnictwa szczegółowo zauważa różne przyczyny tragedii .
Istotne znaczenie miało - jego zdaniem - wyposażenie lotniska oraz samolotu w przyrządy nawigacyjne .
Prezydencki Tu-154 posiadał pokładowy system lądowania przyrządowego kategorii I . Niestety lotnisko Siewiernyj nie dysponowało naziemnym urządzeniem tego typu , co zmusiło załogę do wykonania tzw .
nieprecyzyjnego podejścia do lądowania .
Jak czytamy w artykule - samolot osiągnął wysokość decyzyjną w odległości około 2 km od początku pasa i utrzymywał prawidłową pozycję na ścieżce zniżania .
Osiągając taką wysokość lotu i nie widząc ziemi w stopniu umożliwiającym ustalenie położenia samolotu względem progu pasa , dowódca załogi powinien - według pułkownika Łukaszewicza - przerwać lądowanie , zwiększy ć wysokość i odlecieć na inne lotnisko .
Tymczasem samolot kontynuował manewr , zwiększając intensywnie kąt szybowania i prędkość zniżania .
Zdaniem eksperta dramat rozegrał się na przestrzeni 1000 - 1500 m , w przedziale wysokości między 100 m a powierzchnią ziemi , w czasie 30 - 40 sekund .
Czynnikiem decydującym o katastrofie była wysokość lotu .
Piloci nie zdawali sobie bowiem sprawy , że wykonują manewr na dnie niecki , a kąt wznoszenia jest za mały , aby pokonać wzniesienie - pisze w przygotowanej dla " Polski " analizie były szef szkolenia dowództwa sił powietrznych .
On the occasion of the recent bicentenary of Charles Darwin 's birth , the ICC published several articles about this great scientist and his theory of the evolution of species .
[ 1 ]
These articles are an aspect of something that has always been present in the workers ' movement : an interest in scientific questions , which is expressed at the highest level in the revolutionary theory of the proletariat , marxism .
Marxism developed a critique of the idealist and religious views of human society and history which predominated in feudal and capitalist society but which also impregnated the socialist theories which marked the first steps of the workers ' movement at the beginning of the 19th century .
Against the latter , marxism saw as one of its first priorities the need to base the perspective of the future society , which would deliver humanity from exploitation , oppression and all the scourges which have afflicted it for millennia , not on the realisation of the abstract principles of equality and justice but on a material necessity flowing from the actual evolution of human history , and of nature , which is driven in the last instance by material forces and not by spiritual ones .
This is why the workers ' movement , beginning with Marx and Engels themselves , always paid particular attention to science .
Science appeared well before the beginning of the workers ' movement and the working class itself .
We can even say that the latter was only able to develop on a broad scale thanks to the progress of science , which was one of the preconditions for the rise of capitalism , the mode of production based on the exploitation of the proletariat .
In this sense , the bourgeoisie is the first class in history which had an ineluctable need for science to ensure its own development and to affirm its own power over society .
By appealing to science it was able to break the grip of religion which was the basic ideological instrument for the defence and justification of feudal society .
But even more than this , science was the underpinning of the mastery of the technology of production and transport , which was a precondition for the expansion of capitalism .
When the latter had reached its high point , bringing into being the force which the Communist Manifesto called its " gravedigger " , the modern proletariat , the bourgeoisie turned back towards religion and the mystical visions of society which had the great merit of justifying a social order founded on exploitation and oppression ,
In doing so , while it continued to promote and finance all the research needed to guarantee its profits , to increase the productivity of labour power and improve the effectiveness of its military forces , it moved away from the scientific approach when it came to understanding how human society works .
It fell to the proletariat , in its struggle against capitalism and for its overthrow , to take up the flame of scientific understanding abandoned by the bourgeoisie .
This is what it did in the mid-19th century by opposing the apologetics which had taken the place of the study of the economy , ie the skeleton of society , and putting forward a critical and revolutionary approach to this subject , a necessarily scientific vision , expressed for example in Karl Marx 's Capital .
This is why the revolutionary organisations of the proletariat have the responsibility of encouraging an interest in scientific knowledge and research , notably in the areas which relate to human society , to the human being and the psyche , domains where the ruling class has an interest in cultivating obscurantism .
This does not mean that to be part of a communist organisation it is necessary to have studied science , to be capable of defending Darwin 's theory or to resolve second degree equations .
The bases for joining our organisation are contained in the platform which every militant has to agree with and has a responsibility to defend .
Similarly , on a whole series of questions , for example the analysis we make of this or that aspect of the international situation , the organisation has to have a position which is expressed , generally speaking , in resolutions adopted by our congresses or by plenary meetings of our central organ .
In these cases , it is not obligatory for each militant to agree with such statements of position .
The simple fact that these resolutions are adopted after discussion and vote means that there can perfectly well be different points of view , which , if they persist and are sufficiently developed , can be expressed publicly in our press , as we can see with the debate on the economic basis of the boom that followed the second world war .
With regard to questions that deal with cultural matters ( film criticism , for example ) or scientific issues , not only do they not need to have the agreement of every militant ( as is the case with the platform ) but in general they cannot be seen as representing the position of the organisation , as is the case for resolutions adopted by congresses .
Thus , like the articles we published on Darwin , the article that follows , written on the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the death of Sigmund Freud , does not express the view of the ICC as such .
It should be seen as a contribution to a discussion involving not only militants of the ICC who may or may not agree with its content , but also those outside our organisation .
It is part of a rubric of the International Review that the ICC aims to make as lively as possible and which has the aim of giving an account of reflections and discussion touching on cultural and scientific questions .
In this sense , it constitutes an appeal for contributions which may express a different point of view from the one expressed in this article .
Freud 's legacy
On 23 September 1939 , Sigmund Freud died in the Hampstead house that is now the London Freud Museum .
A few weeks before the Second World War had broken out .
There is a story that the dying Freud , either listening a radio debate or responding to a question from his grandson ( versions vary ) , answered the burning question " Will this be the last war ? " with the laconic " At any rate , it will be my last war " .
Freud had been exiled from his home and practice in Vienna soon after Nazi thugs entered his apartment and arrested his daughter Anna Freud , who was released soon afterwards .
Freud faced persecution from the Nazi power installed after the " Anschluss " between Germany and Austria not only because he was a Jew , but also because he was the founding figure of psychoanalysis , condemned by the regime as an example of " degenerate Jewish thought " :
Freud 's works , alongside those of Marx , Einstein , Kafka , Thomas Mann and others , had the honour of being among the first to be consigned to the flames in the orgy of book - burning in1933 .
But the Nazis were not alone in their hatred for Freud .
Their fair - ground mirror image , the Stalinists , had also decided that Freud 's theories needed to be denounced from the pulpits of the state .
Just as the triumph of Stalinism had put an end to all experimentation in art , education and other areas of social life , so it resulted in a witch - hunt against the followers of psychoanalysis within the Soviet Union , in particular those who saw Freud 's theories as being compatible with marxism .
The early Soviet power had taken a very different attitude .
Even though the Bolsheviks were by no means monolithic in their approach to this question , a number of leading Bolsheviks , including Lunarcharsky , Bukharin and Trotsky himself , were sympathetic to the aims and methods of psychoanalysis ; as a result , the Russian branch of the International Psychoanalytical Association was the first in the world to obtain backing and funding from a state .
During this period , one of the main focuses of the branch was the setting up of an " Orphans ' School " devoted to bringing up and treating children who had been traumatised by the loss of parents in the civil war .
Freud himself took a lively interest in these experiments : he was particularly curious about how the various efforts to bring up children on a communal basis , rather than within the tyrannical confines of the nuclear family , would impact on the Oedipus complex , which he had identified as a central issue in the individual 's psychological history .
Meanwhile , Bolsheviks like Lev Vygotsky , Alexander Luria , Tatiana Rosenthal and M A Reisner made contributions to psychoanalytical theory and explored its relationship with historical materialism . [ 2 ]
All this came to an end as the Stalinist bureaucracy fortified its grip over the state .
Freud 's ideas were increasingly denounced as petty bourgeois , decadent and above all idealist , while the more mechanistic approach of Pavlov and his theory of the " conditioned reflex " were favoured as an example of materialist psychology .
In the later 20s there was a formidable growth of vicious anti-Freudian texts written by mouthpieces of the regime , a series of " defections " by former supporters of Freud like Aron Zalkind , even hysterical attacks on the " loose morality " crassly associated with Freudian ideas as part of a more general " Thermidor in the Family " ( Trotsky 's phrase ) .
Stalinism 's final victory over " Freudism " was consecrated at the Congress on Human Behaviour in 1930 , particularly in the speech by Zalkind , who poured scorn on the entire Freudian approach and argued that its views on human behaviour were entirely incompatible with the needs of " socialist construction " :
" How can we use the Freudian conception of man for socialist construction ?
We need a socially ' open ' man who is easily collectivised , and quickly and profoundly transformed in his behaviour - a man capable of being a steady , conscious and independent person , politically and ideologically well - trained ... " [ 3 ]
We know full well what this kind of " transformation " and " training " really meant : breaking the human personality and the resistance of labour in the service of state capital and its remorseless Five Year Plans .
In this vision , there was clearly no place for the subtleties and complexities of psychoanalysis , which might be used to show that Stalinist " socialism " had cured none of humanity 's ills .
And of course , the fact that psychoanalysis had enjoyed a certain measure of support from the now - exiled Trotsky was milked to the maximum in the ideological offensive against Freud 's theories .
And in the " democratic " world ?
But what of the representatives of capitalism 's democratic camp ?
Did n't Roosevelt 's America bring pressure to bear in getting Freud and his immediate family out of Vienna , and did n't Britain provide the eminent Professor Doctor Freud with a comfortable home ?
Did n't psychoanalysis in the west , and above all in the USA , become a new kind of orthodox psychological church , and certainly a profitable one for many of its practitioners ?
As it happens , the reaction to Freud 's theories among the scientists and intellectuals in the democracies has always been very mixed , with veneration , fascination and respect being liberally mixed with outrage , resistance and scorn .
But in the years that followed Freud 's death , there have been two major trends in the reception of psychoanalytical theory : on the one hand , a tendency among many of its own spokesmen and practitioners to water down some of its most subversive implications ( such as the idea that present - day civilisation is necessarily founded on the repression of humanity 's deepest instincts ) in favour of a more pragmatic , revisionist approach more likely to find social and political acceptance from that very same civilisation ; and , on the other hand , among a number of philosophers , psychologists of rival schools , and more or less commercially successful authors , a growing rejection of the entire corpus of Freudian ideas as subjective , unverifiable , and basically unscientific .
The dominant trends in modern psychology ( there have been exceptions , such as the ideas of " neuro - psychoanalysis " which have re-examined Freud 's model of the psyche in terms of what we now understand about the structure of the brain ) have abandoned Freud 's journey along the " royal road to the unconscious " , his insistence on exploring the meaning of dreams , jokes , slips of the tongue and other insubstantial wraiths , in favour of studying more observable and measurable phenomena : the external , physiological manifestations of mental states , and the concrete forms of behaviour among humans , rats and other animals observed in laboratory conditions .
In psychotherapy , the welfare state , keen to reduce the potentially enormous costs incurred in the treatment of growing pandemic of stress , neurosis and plain old insanity engendered by the present social system , favours quick - fix solutions like " Cognitive Behaviour Therapy " over the efforts of psychoanalysis to penetrate to the deep roots of individual neuroses . [ 4 ]
Above all , and this is especially true in the last couple of decades , we have seen a veritable torrent of books and articles which have tried to cast Freud as a lying charlatan , a fraud who doctored his evidence , a tyrant towards his followers , a hypocrite and ( why not ? ) a pervert .
This onslaught has more than a passing resemblance to the anti-Marx campaign launched after the collapse of so - called " Communism " at the end of the 80s , and just as the latter campaign gave rise to its Black Book of Communism , so we have now been treated to a Black Book of Psychoanalysis [ 5 ] which devotes no less than 830 pages to its search for dirt on Freud and the psychoanalytical movement .
Marxism and the unconscious
Hostility to psychoanalysis did n't surprise Freud : in general , it confirmed to him that he was hitting the right target .
After all , why would he be popular for pointing out that civilisation ( at least as presently constituted ) was so antithetical to man 's instincts , and for dealing a wounding , further blow to man 's " naïve self - love " as he put it ?
" But in thus emphasising the unconscious in mental life we have conjured up the most evil spirits of criticism against psychoanalysis , Do not be surprised at this , and do not suppose that the resistance to us rests only on the understandable difficulty of the unconscious or the relative inaccessibility of the experiences which provide evidence of it .
Its source , I think , lies deeper .
In the course of centuries the naïve self - love of men has had to submit to two major blows at the hands of science .
The first was when they learnt that our earth was not the centre of the universe but only a tiny fragment of a cosmic system of scarcely imaginable vastness .
This is associated in our minds with the name of Copernicus , though something similar had already been asserted by Alexandrian science .
The second blow fell when biological research destroyed man 's supposedly privileged place in creation and proved his descent from the animal kingdom and his ineradicable animal nature .
This re-evaluation has been accomplished in our own days by Darwin , Wallace and their predecessors , though not without the most violent contemporary opposition .
But human megalomania will have suffered its third and most wounding blow from the psychological research of the present time which seeks to prove to the ego that it is not even master in its own house , but must content itself with scanty information of what is going on unconsciously in its mind " . [ 6 ]
For marxists , however , it should come as no shock to be told that man 's conscious life is - or has been hitherto - dominated by unconscious motivations .
The marxist concept of ideology ( which in its view encompasses all forms of social consciousness prior to the emergence of the class consciousness of the proletariat ) is firmly predicated on exactly such a notion .
" Every ideology ... once it has arisen develops in connection with the given concept - material , and develops this material further ; otherwise it would cease to be ideology , that is , occupation with thoughts as with independent entities , developing independently and subject only to their own laws .
That the material life - conditions of the persons inside whose heads this thought process goes on in the last resort determine the course of this process remains of necessity unknown to these persons , for otherwise there would be an end to all ideology . " [ 7 ]
Marxism thus recognises that up till now man 's consciousness of his real position in the world has been inhibited or distorted by factors of which he is unaware ; that social life as hitherto constituted has created fundamental blockages in man 's mental processes .
A clear example of this would be the historic inability of the bourgeoisie to envisage a higher form of society than capitalism , since this would imply its own demise .
This is what Lukacs called a " class conditioned unconsciousness " .
[ 8 ]
And the question can also be approached from the standpoint of Marx 's theory of alienation : alienated man is man estranged from his fellow man , from nature , and from himself , whereas communism will overcome this estrangement and man will be fully conscious of himself .
Trotsky defends psychoanalysis
Of all the marxists of the 20th century , it is perhaps Trotsky who has been most committed to opening a dialogue with the theories of Freud , which he had initially encountered during his stay in Vienna in 1908 .
While still involved in the Soviet state , but increasingly marginalised , Trotsky insisted that Freud 's approach to psychology was essentially materialist .
He was opposed to any particular school of psychology being adopted as the " official " line of state or party , but called instead for an open and wide - ranging debate .
In Culture and Socialism , written in 1925 - 6 , Trotsky weighs up the different approaches of the Pavlovian and Freudian schools and outlines what he thinks should be the party 's attitude to these questions :
" Marxist criticism in science must be not only vigilant but also prudent , otherwise it can degenerate into mere sycophancy ... Take psychology even .
Pavlov 's reflexology proceeds entirely along the paths of dialectical materialism .
It conclusively breaks down the wall between physiology and psychology .
The simplest reflex is physiological , but a system of reflexes gives us ‘ consciousness ' .
The accumulation of physiological quantity gives a new ‘ psychological ' quality .
The method of Pavlov 's school is experimental and painstaking .
Generalisations are won step by step : from the saliva of dogs to poetry , that is , to the mental mechanics of poetry , not its social content - though the paths that bring us to poetry have as yet not been revealed .
" The school of the Viennese psychoanalyst Freud proceeds in a different way .
It assumes in advance that the driving force of the most complex and delicate of psychic processes is a physiological need .
In this general sense it is materialistic , if you leave aside the question whether it does not assign too big a place to the sexual factor at the expense of others , for this is already a dispute within the frontiers of materialism .
But the psychoanalyst does not approach problems of consciousness experimentally , going from the lowest phenomena to the highest , from the simple reflex to the complex reflex ; instead , he attempts to take all these intermediate stages in one jump , from above downwards , from the religious myth , the lyrical poem , or the dream , straight to the physiological basis of the psyche .
" The idealists tell us that the psyche is an independent entity , that the ‘ soul ' is a bottomless well .
Both Pavlov and Freud think that the bottom of the ‘ soul ' is physiology .
But Pavlov , like a diver , descends to the bottom and laboriously investigates the well from there upwards , while Freud stands over the well and with a penetrating gaze tries to pierce its ever - shifting and troubled waters and to make out or guess the shape of the things down below .
Pavlov 's method is experimental ; Freud 's is conjecture , sometimes fantastic conjecture .
The attempt to declare psychoanalysis ‘ incompatible ' with Marxism and simply turn one 's back on Freudianism is too simple , or , more accurately , too simplistic .
But we are in any case not obliged to accept Freudianism .
It is a working hypothesis that can produce and undoubtedly does produce deductions and conjectures that proceed along the liens of materialist psychology .
The experimental procedure in due course will provide the tests for these conjectures .
But we have no grounds and no right to a ban upon the other procedures which , even though it may be less reliable , yet tries to anticipate the conclusions to which the experimental procedure is advancing only very slowly " .
In fact , Trotsky very quickly began to question Pavlov 's somewhat mechanistic approach , which tends to reduce conscious activity to the famous " conditioned reflex " .
In a speech given shortly after the publication of the above text , Trotsky wondered whether we could indeed arrive at knowledge of the sources of human poetry by studying the saliva of dogs .
[ 9 ]
And in his subsequent reflections on psychoanalysis contained in these " philosophical notebooks " compiled in exile , his emphasis is much more on the need to understand that recognising the relative autonomy of the psyche , while conflicting with a mechanistic version of materialism , is perfectly compatible with a more dialectical vision of materialism :
" It is well known that there is an entire school of psychiatry ( psychoanalysis , Freud ) which in practise completely removes itself from physiology , basing itself upon the inner determinism of psychic phenomena , such as they are .
Some critics therefore accuse the Freudian school of idealism ....
But by itself the method of psychoanalysis , taking as its point of departure ‘ the autonomy ' of psychological phenomena , in no way contradicts materialism .
Quite the contrary , it is precisely dialectical materialism that prompts us to the idea that the psyche could not even be formed unless it played an autonomous , that is , within certain limits , an independent role in the life of the individual and the species .
" All the same , we approach here some kind of crucial point , a break in the gradualness , a transition from quantity into quality : the psyche , arising from matter , is ‘ freed ' from the determinism of matter , can independently - by its own laws - influence matter " . [ 10 ]
Trotsky is arguing here that there is a real convergence between marxism and psychoanalysis .
For both , consciousness , or rather the whole of the psyche , is a material product of the real movement of nature , and not some force squatting outside the world ; it is the product of unconscious processes which precede and determine it .
But it in turn becomes an active factor that to a certain extent takes on its own dynamic , and which , most importantly , is capable of acting on and transforming the unconscious .
This is the only basis for an approach which makes man something more than the creature of objective circumstances , and renders him capable of changing the world around him .
And here we come to what is perhaps the most important conclusion that Trotsky draws from his investigation into Freud 's theories .
Freud , we recall , had argued that the principal blow that psychoanalysis had dealt to man 's " naïve self - love " was its confirmation that the ego is not master of the house , that to a large extent its view of and approach to the world is conditioned by instinctual forces which have been repressed into the unconscious .
Freud did , on one or two occasions , allow himself to envisage a society which had overcome the endless struggle against material scarcity and therefore would no longer have to impose this repression on its members . [ 11 ]
But on the whole , his outlook remained cautiously pessimistic , seeing no social avenue that could lead to such a society .
Trotsky , as a revolutionary , was obliged to raise the possibility of a fully conscious humanity that had indeed become master of its own house .
Indeed , for Trotsky , the freeing of mankind from the domination of the unconscious becomes the central project of communist society :
" Man at last will begin to harmonise himself in earnest .
He will make it his business to achieve beauty by giving the movement of his own limbs the utmost precision , purposefulness and economy in his work , his walk and his play .
He will try to master first the semiconscious and then the subconscious processes in his own organism , such as breathing , the circulation of the blood , digestion , reproduction , and , within necessary limits , he will try to subordinate them to the control of reason and will .
Even purely physiologic life will become subject to collective experiments .
The human species , the coagulated Homo Sapiens , will once more enter into a state of radical transformation , and , in his own hands , will become an object of the most complicated methods of artificial selection and psycho‑physical training .
This is entirely in accord with evolution .
Man first drove the dark elements out of industry and ideology , by displacing barbarian routine by scientific technique and religion by science .
Afterwards he drove the unconscious out of politics , by overthrowing monarchy and class with democracy and rationalist parliamentarianism and then with the clear and open Soviet dictatorship .
The blind elements have settled most heavily in economic relations , but man is driving them out from there also , by means of the socialist organisation of economic life .
This makes it possible to reconstruct fundamentally the traditional family life .
Finally , the nature of man himself is hidden in the deepest and darkest corner of the unconscious , of the elemental , of the sub‑soil .
Is it not self ‑evident that the greatest efforts of investigative thought and of creative initiative will be in that direction ? " [ 12 ]
Evidently , Trotsky is looking very far into the communist future in this passage .
The priority of mankind in the earlier phases of communism will surely be concerned with those layers of the unconscious where the origins of neurosis and mental suffering can be tracked down , while the goal of achieving control over even more basic physiological processes raises further questions which are beyond the scope of this essay , and which in any case are most likely to be posed in a more advanced level of communist culture .
Communists today may or may not agree with many of Freud 's ideas .
But we must certainly react with extreme distrust towards the current campaigns against Freud and stand by the open - minded approach which Trotsky advocated .
At the very least it must be admitted that as long as we live in world where mankind 's " evil passions " can still explode with terrifying force ; where sexual relations between human beings , whether brutally held in check by mediaeval ideologies or cheapened and prostituted in the global marketplace , continue to be a source of untold human misery ; where for the vast majority of mankind the creative powers of the mind remain largely buried and inaccessible - then the problems posed by Sigmund Freud must not only remain as relevant today as when they were first raised , but their resolution will surely be an irreplaceable element in the construction of a truly human society .
Amos
[ 1 ] .
See Anton Pannekoek 's " Darwinism and Marxism " in International Review n° 137 and no .
138 as well as the articles " Darwin and the workers ' movement " , " On the book The Darwin Effect : A materialist conception of the origins of morals and civilisation " and " Social Darwinism , a reactionary ideology of capitalism " on ICC online .
[ 2 ] .
The following words from Lenin , reported by Clara Zetkin in " Reminiscences of Lenin " , 1924 , show that the Bolsheviks did not have a unilateral approach towards Freud 's theories - even if it seems that Lenin 's criticisms were directed more at the defenders of these theories than at the theories themselves :" The situation In Germany itself calls for the greatest unity of all proletarian revolutionary forces , so that they can repel the counter - revolution which is pushing on .
But active Communist women are busy discussing sex problems and the forms of marriage ‘ past , present and future ' .
They consider it their most important task to enlighten working women on these questions .
It is said that a pamphlet on the sex question written by a Communist authoress from Vienna enjoys the greatest popularity .
What rot that booklet is !
The workers read what is right in it long ago in Bebel .
Only not in the tedious , cut - and - dried form found in the pamphlet but in the form of gripping agitation that strikes out at bourgeois society .
The mention of Freud 's hypotheses is designed to give the pamphlet a scientific veneer , but it is so much bungling by an amateur .
Freud 's theory has now become a fad .
I mistrust sex theories expounded in articles , treatises , pamphlets , etc. in short , the theories dealt with in that specific literature which sprouts so luxuriantly on the dung heap of bourgeois society .
I mistrust those who are always absorbed in the sex problems , the way an Indian saint is absorbed
In the contemplation of his navel .
" It seems to me that this superabundance of sex theories , which for the most part are mere hypotheses , and often quite arbitrary ones , stems from a personal need .
It springs from the desire to justify one 's own abnormal or excessive sex life before bourgeois morality and to plead for tolerance towards oneself .
This veiled respect for bourgeois morality is as repugnant to me as rooting about in all that bears on sex .
No matter how rebellious and revolutionary it may be made to appear , it is in the final analysis thoroughly bourgeois .
Intellectuals and others like them are particularly keen on this .
There is no room for it in the Party , among the class - conscious , fighting proletariat . "
[ 3 ] .
Quoted in Miller , Freud and the Bolsheviks , Yale , 1998 , p 102 .
[ 4 ] .
We should however point out that we are not concerned in this article to make judgments on the therapeutic effectiveness of Freud 's approach .
We are hardly qualified to do so , and in any case there is no mechanical link between the practical application of Freudian therapy and the theory of mind that lies behind it - not least because the " cure " for neurosis in a society which constantly engenders it must ultimately lie at the social rather than the individual level .
It is the fundamentals of Freud 's theory of mind that we are considering here , and it is above all these fundamentals that we see as a real heritage for the workers ' movement .
[ 5 ] .
Le Livre Noir de la Psychoanalyse .
The Black Book of Psychoanalysis : To Live , Think and Feel Better Without Freud Catharine Meyer , Mikkel Borch - Jacobsen , Jean Cottraux , Didier Pleux & Jacques Van Rillaer ( Ed ) .
Paris , France : Les Arènes .
2005 .
[ 6 ] .
Introductory Lectures on Psychoanalysis , Lecture 18 , " Fixation to traumas - the unconscious " .
1917 .
[ 7 ] .
Engels , Ludwig Feuerbach and the End of Classical German Philosophy , 1886 .
[ 8 ] .
History and Class Consciousness .
[ 9 ] .
See Trotsky 's Notebooks , 1933 - 1935 , Writings on Lenin , Dialectics and Evolutionism , translated and introduced by Philip Pomper , New York 1998 , p 49 .
[ 10 ] .
Culture and Socialism , p. 106 .
[ 11 ] .
Contrary to the oft - repeated cliché that Freud " reduced everything to sex " , he made it clear that " the motive of human society is in the last instance an economic one ; since it does not possess enough provisions to keep its members alive unless they work , it must restrict the number of its members and divert their energies from sexual activities to work .
It is faced , in short , by the eternal , primeval exigencies of life , which are with us to this day " ( Introductory Lectures , Lecture 20 , " The sexual life of human beings " ) .
In other words ; repression is the product of human social organisations dominated by material scarcity .
In another passage , this time from The Future of an Illusion ( 1927 ) , Freud showed an understanding of the class nature of " civilised " society and even permitted himself in passing to envisage a stage beyond it : " If a culture has not gone beyond a point at which the satisfaction of one portion of its participants depends upon the suppression of another - and this is the case in all present - day cultures - it is understandable that the suppressed people should develop an intense hostility towards a culture whose existence they make possible by their work , but in whose wealth they have too small a share ...
The hostility of these classes to civilisation is so obvious that it has caused the more latent hostility of the social strata who are better provided for to be overlooked .
It goes without saying that a civilisation which leaves so large a number of its participants unsatisfied and drives them into revolt neither has nor deserves the prospect of a lasting existence " ( Chapter 2 ) .
Thus the present order not only has " no prospect of a lasting existence " , but there could perhaps be a culture that has " gone beyond a point " at which class divisions ( and , by implication , the hitherto existing mechanisms of mental repression ) might become superfluous .
[ 12 ] .
Literature and Revolution , 1924 .
Silk Screen is going through a transition .
Stay tuned for news .
Last quarter we posted 12 Charts You MUST See Before You Even Think About Buying A Home .
Contrarian mortgage broker and editor of newobservations.net , Michael David
White has given us the latest picture on these scary charts .
The housing market is more precarious than ever .
That 's why you should rent , not buy .
And if you 're thinking about selling , do n't wait another day .
New Software Processor Can Transcribe Music From Any Performance
If only Mozart had this
Despite the rising number of casualties , death , and property damage from the “ protests ” in Greece , the media continues to make the dubious distinction between “ protest ” and “ riot ” in favor of the former for a Non-Muslim or non-Eastern country like Greece .
However , when the situation is reversed , and the “ protest ” occurs in a country like Egypt , Turkey , or Libya it is described as a riot , even though no deaths or violence against the state police is occurring .
It ’s interestingly kitsch , that we attribute the “ protest ” with its kitschy connotation of freedom , individualism , autonomy , and civil rights to actions against the state in Western countries , yet the term “ riot ” continues to be ascribed to any sort of organization or demonstration of the hoi polloi in a Muslim or other Eastern country despite even a total lack of real violence .
That ’s because the media perpetuates the kitsch classification of Muslim or other Eastern societies as lacking a true demonstration of civil rights or freedoms and only being able to express themselves through violence , death , hatred , bigotry , religousity , and ignorance .
The media operates so much in kitsch that despite the numerous images of violence from the Greek “ protest ” ( see below ) and the consequential rise in deaths , it is of course , as the media will continue to try and convince you of , a “ protest that has only accidentally turned violent ” .
Sad , is n’t it ?
The headlines from around the world , despite the prodigious escalation of violence against both police , other persons , and property , continue to read “ protest ” rather than “ riots ” .
Nor is this some liberal vs. conservative demarcation .
This trend is pervasive throughout our increasingly “ global ” media .
The Huffington Post ’s article reads “ The F Word : Responsibility for Greek Protest Deaths‎ ” .
The New York Times article on the same subject reads “ Greek Workers Protest Austerity Plan ” .
Even Reuters has the headline “ Greek Anti-Austerity March Erupts in Violence ” .
In contrast , demonstrations in primarily Muslim or Middle Eastern countries are described with headlines like “ Dozens of activists injured during riot in Egypt ” and “ Egyptians riot over bread crisis ” .
Even more ironic is that a group of mere investors are described as rioting in this headline pulled from Marketwatch.com – “ Investors riot in Pakistan as market tumbles ” .
A comparison of the headlines from a semantic level illustrates that in Greece , the demonstrations have only “ incidentally ” become violent because of the actions of a few , and that the violent events occurring there are not part of the “ actual protest ” but rather an unfortunate side - effect of it all .
In contrast , viewing the headlines of Egyptian and Pakistani “ riots ” , one can clearly see the difference – it is the violent riots which are the actual subjects of the headlines and there is not indication that there is any legitimacy behind them , unlike the Greek headlines which describe the demonstrations as “ protests ” and “ marches ” .
The entire populace of those countries is implicated in these articles , yet in Greece the writer is careful to demarcate the “ violent few ” vs. the “ legitimate many ” .
In the East , all of the protesters are culpable because they have been falsely and generally characterized as “ rioting ” by the writer .
For example , see the picture of the Pakistani investors “ riot ” below and the Egyptian “ bread riots ” .
Clearly , the amount of violence is so substantial there that it must be characterized as a “ violent riot ” , right ?
Of course not , the only violence occurring in that Pakistani demonstration was against that poor rubber tire which was used symbolically to express the protesters disagreement with the new financial regulations .
Kitsch leads to this dubious and morally bankrupt distinction – these media interpretations for the benefit of the “ common Western man ” result in an increasingly kitsch and stereotypical depiction of situations that have very different and very unique circumstances and roots .
Yet , the media transforms such individual events into a classification of either “ protest ” or “ riot ” as can be seen fairly clearly when one possesses a certain emotional and cultural maturity .
The classification is arbitrary , capricious , and not based upon any logic or reason , rather it is based upon race , religion , and the kitsch distinction between the “ violent East ” and the “ democratic West ” .
For a more domestic situation which brings the media bias to light , all one has to look to is the criticism and outrage over the media ’s depiction of whites and blacks during Hurricane Katrina – scavenging / foraging / surviving vs. looting / pillaging / stealing .
The sooner we realize such kitsch distinctions are merely creating racism , bigotry and hatred ….
the sooner we can transform the media into something that it was originally supposed to be – accurate and truthful reporting .
PHILADELPHIA -- NFL fans miffed by the New England Patriots ' secret videotaping of their opponents ' signals can boycott games or team merchandise , but they can't seek legal damages for " Spygate , " a U.S. appeals court ruled Wednesday .
The appeals panel upheld a district judge 's ruling that dismissed the suit by lawyer Carl Mayer , a New York Jets season ticket holder from Princeton , N.J .
Mayer had argued that fans spent large sums to see games that were essentially rigged , and he sought $ 185 million in damages for Jets fans alone .
The 3rd Circuit Court did n't buy it .
" We do not condone the conduct on the part of the Patriots and the team 's head coach , and we likewise refrain from assessing whether the NFL 's sanctions [ and its alleged destruction of the videotapes themselves ] were otherwise appropriate , " Senior Judge Robert E. Cowen wrote for the three - judge panel .
However , he said Mayer failed to prove any legal right to damages .
" At best , he possessed nothing more than a contractual right to a seat from which to watch an NFL game between the Jets and the Patriots , and this right was clearly honored , " Cowen wrote .
The judges -- one a longtime Pittsburgh Steelers fan -- had peppered lawyers with questions in oral arguments in Philadelphia last month .
Cowen called the taping " a horrendous violation . "
But he also thought the league issued " a whopper " of a fine -- $ 750,000 -- against the Patriots and coach Bill Belichick after they were caught taping signals at the Jets ' 2007 home opener in Giants Stadium .
The Patriots went on to win 38 - 14 .
Mayer and his lawyer , Bruce Afran , both worked for consumer advocate Ralph Nader earlier in their careers and consider " Spygate " a consumer - fraud case .
" It 's a clear issue of consumer fraud .
The mere fact that this is in the context of football does n't mean that the people who pay to see the game have no rights , " Afran said Wednesday .
Many NFL ticket holders struggle to pay the high ticket price and deserve an honest game in return , he said .
" [ The opinion ] seems to suggest that no matter how much ticket holders pay , they can be defrauded by NFL teams .
And it puts the NFL on the same level as professional wrestling , " Afran said .
Mayer plans to appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court , buoyed in part by what he called consumer - friendly rulings involving sports teams in other circuit courts .
For instance , one said Ohio 's consumer - protection laws apply to statements the Cleveland Browns made about whether they were staying in town , he said .
" We think the matter might be of interest to the Supreme Court , " Mayer told The Associated Press .
" We never surrender . "
The suit alleged that the Patriots taped the Jets ' signals in their twice - yearly contests for seven years , and sought treble damages for Jets fans based on a rough average of $ 100 a ticket .
The NFL argued that fans likely would buy tickets even if they knew the Patriots were stealing signals .
NFL spokesman Greg Aiello declined to comment except to say the ruling speaks for itself .
Lawyer Daniel L. Goldberg , representing Belichick and the Patriots , said the ruling follows a clear line of case law .
" We always viewed this as a frivolous lawsuit , brought to the court by a Jets season ticket holder who happens to be a lawyer , " he said in a statement .
panel -- especially when the subject is the eurozone and the possible disintegration thereof .
He 's been bearish on the PIGS in general and on Italy in particular for many years now , but I do n't think it comes as much surprise to him or to anybody else that Greece is the first country really in the firing line . " data - share - img= " " data - share = " twitter , facebook , linkedin , reddit , google , mail " data - share - count = " false " >
Nouriel Roubini , it can be safely said , gives good panel — especially when the subject is the eurozone and the possible disintegration thereof .
He ’s been bearish on the PIGS in general and on Italy in particular for many years now , but I do n’t think it comes as much surprise to him or to anybody else that Greece is the first country really in the firing line .
One of the most interesting things about the status quo post - downgrade is that no one seems to have a clue what the base - case scenario is .
Are the markets still expecting Greece to get bailed out , but adding on an ever - increasing yield premium to account for the possibility that it wo n’t be ?
Are they , like panelist James McCaughan , expecting an orderly debt restructuring later this year , with an effective haircut in the 20 - 40 % range ?
They certainly do n’t seem to be expecting anything worse than that —
Greece ’s bonds are trading at high yields , yes , but not at distressed levels , and there ’s still room to lose a lot of money on those 2 - year bonds if they end up defaulting .
My feeling is that the base case is one of muddling through for the next 2 - 3 years , with Greece scrounging up enough money from the EU and IMF to avoid a default , and Europe ’s banks meanwhile staying profitable enough thanks to the ECB ’s monetary policy that they build up their solvency for when the inevitable default does occur a few years down the road .
But it ’s not clear that the markets are going to let that happen .
It ’s all well and good for the Germans and others to cover the Greek fiscal deficit for the next three years , and even to insist on tough fiscal adjustment at the same time .
But if Greek yields stay anywhere near their current levels , there ’s a good risk that would be politically unacceptable in both Germany and Greece .
Sweden ’s Bo Lundgren was also on the panel , and he helped explain how the Swedish population has the crucial and decidedly un -Greek ability to unite behind unpopular yet necessary policies once their political leaders have set a certain course .
Greece , which is already seeing riots at any hint of fiscal austerity , just is n’t the kind of nation which is likely to decide that five years of wage cuts in a painful and deflationary recession is a price worth paying to stay current on the national debt .
Meanwhile , Tony Barber has already come to the conclusion that as far as Greece is concerned , “ the political conditions for extra financial help from Germany just do not exist ” .
Nouriel , of course , takes that kind of thinking to its logical conclusion , and kicked off the panel by announcing that it was just in time : “ in a few days , ” he said , “ there might not be a eurozone for us to discuss . ”
There ’s no way that Greece can implement the 10 % spending cut it needs to do in order to stop its debt spiralling out of control at current interest rates — and even if it did , the economic effects would be disastrous .
Nouriel ’s base case , then , is Argentina 2001 : after all , Greece has a much higher debt - to - GDP ratio , much higher deficit - to - GDP ratio , and much higher current - account deficit than Argentina had back then .
And if that ’s the base case , there ’s no way that Greek debt should be trading anywhere near its current levels .
Of course , this being Nouriel , it goes downhill from there : if Greece is worse than Argentina , he says , then Spain is worse than Greece .
Its housing bubble and bust has left the banking sector much weaker than Greece ’s ; its unemployment situation , especially with the under - 30 crowd , is much worse than Greece ’s ; and the cost of any Spain bailout would be so much more enormous than the cost of a Greek bailout as to be almost unthinkable .
The only thing that Spain has going for it is that it is n’t quite at the edge of the abyss yet ; if it gets its political act together and implements tough fiscal and structural reforms now , it can save itself .
But clearly no one saw that happening , given Spain ’s political history over the past 20 years .
There ’s no good news here .
The least bad course of action for Greece , in Nouriel ’s eyes , is some kind of coercive yet orderly debt restructuring , which keeps the face value of the debt unchanged but which reduces coupons and pushes out maturities .
And an exit from the euro .
Alternatively , the ECB steps in and cuts interest rates so low that the euro gets pushed down towards parity with the dollar , which would accomplish something similar without nearly as much pain .
One member of the audience , though , had a really good question : what happens to the European system of sovereign guarantees of interbank lending ?
When those sovereign guarantees are n’t worth much any more , Euribor is likely to spike , since suddenly there ’s a lot more credit risk involved in interbank lending .
And there are hundreds of trillions of euros of debt contracts linked to Euribor , which could suddenly get very expensive and take control of short - term interest rates out of the hands of the ECB .
And in any case it ’s worth remembering that even though Greece ’s debts are small in relation to Spain ’s , they ’re still large in relation to , say , those of Lehman Brothers .
And given that there is no formal mechanism for leaving the euro ( or for defaulting on sovereign euro - denominated debt , for that matter ) , there will almost certainly be a range of unexpected and chaotic events somewhere down the line .
That ’s why I feel that although Greek bond yields are certainly going to be volatile for a while , we ’re going to see higher highs and higher lows — there ’s pretty much nothing , at this point , which could reassure the markets and turn Greece back into an interest - rate play rather than a credit play .
Even a massive IMF bailout , which is probably the best - case scenario for Greece right now , would n’t suffice to bring yields back down to their pre-crisis levels .
As Nouriel pointed out , the IMF , as a preferred creditor , would make sure it was repaid , in the event of default , long before bondholders .
And as a result , even if the probability of default dropped , the recovery value on Greek bonds in the event of default would drop as well .
And so yields would n’t come down as much as you might think .
I covered emerging market sovereign bonds for many years , but I ’ve never seen anything like this : a country trading at levels where the bear case is terrifying , the bull case is very hard to articulate , and everybody is talking about a possible default even when the country has an investment - grade credit rating from two agencies and is only one notch below investment grade at the third .
Maybe the only thing which really explains what ’s going on is that both yields and ratings are sticky .
Which would imply that Greece has a long way to deteriorate from here .
General Motors Co. posted a profit for the first time in nearly three years , surprising Wall Street and increasing political pressure on the automaker to launch a public stock offering so the federal government can recover billions of dollars it spent on GM ’s bailout .
After a string of 10 consecutive money - losing quarters , GM said Monday that it swung to a better - than - expected profit of $ 865 million in the first quarter , bolstered by the improving U.S. economy and a massive restructuring that allowed the automaker to shed vehicle brands , factories and workers .
The first - quarter profit contrasted sharply with a loss of $ 6 billion in the same period a year earlier .
The automaker said revenue rose 40 % to $ 31.5 billion for the quarter .
GM was “ solidly profitable ” in the quarter “ with results well ahead of the prior quarter and what we believe were investor expectations , ” said Brian Johnson , an analyst with Barclays Capital .
Advertisement
The quarterly results represented a major turnaround for a business that almost did n’t survive the recession , and have fueled hopes that GM could be back on Wall Street for a stock offering later this year .
But a single profitable quarter may not be enough to make that happen , particularly if the stock market continues to be volatile , analysts said .
Sustained profits are seen as crucial for GM ’s ability to float a stock offering to repay some of the $ 52 billion the federal government has poured into the company over the last year .
The bailout made the government GM ’s biggest shareholder , owning 61 % of the automaker ’s stock .
The company exited from a bankruptcy reorganization July 10 .
“ There is a political aspect that the government wants to get out of its GM stake as quick as it can , especially if it can recoup somewhere near the dollars invested , ” said Kenneth Elias , an auto industry analyst and partner at Maryann Keller & Associates .
Advertisement
But GM ’s still - recovering finances and tenuous capital markets could still leave taxpayers far from a way out .
“ With the market as volatile as it is now , ” a financial exit “ would not be available to them today , ” said Kirk Ludtke , an analyst at CRT Capital Group in Stamford , Conn .
But that does n’t mean that GM could n’t use some other method to partially pay back taxpayers between now and the November elections .
If it generates enough cash , it could issue a special dividend to shareholders — including the federal government — or it could repurchase a portion of the government ’s holdings , Ludtke said .
Advertisement
Such a move would be welcomed by the Obama administration , which wants to demonstrate progress in getting taxpayer money paid back , he said .
Elias believes that an initial offering of the reorganized GM ’s stock is premature but that a deal might get done next year .
The keys will be a stock market that is welcoming to such public offerings , continued GM profits and evidence by the automaker that it can continue to grow in North America and stem losses in Europe .
GM executives worked Monday to cool the growing ardor for a stock offering .
Advertisement
“ I am trying to keep expectations low on this topic .
It will happen when the company is ready and the markets are ready , ” said Chris Liddell , GM ’s chief financial officer .
The company at this point needs to remain focused on selling cars that consumers find attractive at profitable prices , Liddell said .
And on that account , GM is making progress , he said .
Since last year , GM has sold or closed the Pontiac , Saturn , Saab and Hummer auto brands to focus on its remaining Chevrolet , Buick , Cadillac and GMC lines .
It closed four factories and idled two more and has shed thousands of workers .
Advertisement
New models are helping GM to recover from its slump and a bankruptcy reorganization that left the U.S. government as its majority owner .
Five new - generation models — Chevrolet ’s Equinox and Camaro , the GMC Terrain , Buick Lacrosse and Cadillac SRX — sold in April at a combined rate nearly 300 % over the vehicles they replaced .
Those models accounted for more than 110,000 of the 183,614 vehicles GM sold last month .
Through the first four months of this year , GM sales have risen 14 % , slightly trailing the industrywide increase of 16.7 % .
The automaker has a bevy of new - car introductions coming this year , starting with the Buick Regal in June and continuing with other new models or new - generation vehicles , including the Cadillac CTS coupe , the GMC Sierra and Chevy Silverado trucks , the Chevrolet compact Cruze and finally the electric Volt .
“ They have some pretty high - profile products coming out , and this will provide them with some nice momentum through the rest of the year , ” said Rebecca Lindland , an auto industry analyst at IHS Global Insight .
“ The timing for these products is very good strategically , and there is something significant from three of the four core brands . ”
Advertisement
Separately , the U.S. Treasury Department said Monday that Chrysler Holding made a $ 1.9 - billion loan repayment .
Chrysler Holding is the parent company of the automaker that filed for bankruptcy protection in 2009 and is not the same as Chrysler Group , the successor company now controlled by Fiat , the Italian automaker .
The repayment settles a $ 4 - billion loan made to the previous Chrysler in January 2009 and that went into default when the company filed for bankruptcy in April 2009 .
“ This repayment , while less than face value , is significantly more than the Treasury expected to recover on this loan , ” the government said in a statement .
jerry.hirsch@latimes.com
Esta opción no funcionará correctamente .
Lamentablemente , su navegador no soporta URLs embebidas .
The Federal Communications Commission says that , in exchange for the right to use the airwaves we all own , a broadcaster must operate in the “ public interest , ” airing “ programming that is responsive to the needs and problems of its local community . ”
From what a USC Norman Lear Center study has concluded -- Los Angeles television news stations manage just 22 seconds of local government coverage for every half hour on the air -- broadcasters follow FCC rules like L.A. drivers follow stop signs : as helpful reminders for anyone who does n’t happen to be in a big hurry .
And make no mistake , the people who run TV news are in a big hurry -- to create a space for news not already appearing on the Internet , to cling to viewers fleeing to their Xboxes and DVRs and to prop up endangered advertising revenue , any way they can .
Anyone even vaguely paying attention has recognized for some time that local TV operators take something less than a keen interest in elevated civic discourse .
Advertisement
You ’re sure to learn about the Guitar Hero championships .
( Slammin ’ video .
No analysis required . )
But do n’t expect to find out much about who ’s running for Assembly or just how much library hours will be reduced by the latest city budget cuts .
Lear Center Director Martin Kaplan , Seton Hall University researcher Matthew Hale and a passel of unusually resilient graduate students plowed through nearly 500 hours of news from eight Los Angeles television outlets , drawn from 14 random days last August and September .
They found out , in essence , that the average half - hour of local news is neither very local nor very newsy .
In each 30 - minute segment , more than eight minutes go to advertising .
An additional 7 1/2 minutes focus on stories outside Southern California .
Sports , weather and teasers ( touting the dreck scheduled later that hour , day or week ) take up a total of nearly six minutes .
Advertisement
The eight remaining minutes might amount to something worthwhile .
But they get frittered away too -- mostly with soft features and , especially , coverage of the latest murder or string of burglaries .
Try to recall an evening newscast that did n’t include an animal in a predicament or at least one story gift - wrapped in yellow police tape .
A regular diet of this stuff might reasonably have you cowering in your house .
Never mind that statistics ( so meddlesome , those numbers that provide context ) show crime in fairly sharp decline in recent years .
The Lear Center appears to have applied an unforgiving methodology in concluding that a mere 22 seconds per half - hour go to local government coverage .
Stories that have government as one theme , but not the central one , were not part of the initial tally .
Still , the tabulations provide a stark reminder of what happens when news directors run after bigger ratings , casting other imperatives aside .
The sports guy gets ever more jocular .
And the weather gal never wants for time to show the latest cutoff low on the map in her latest low - cut top .
( KCAL ’s Jackie Johnson , not to worry , you still clearly lead the pack . )
Advertisement
As USC released the study last week , former KCBS reporter Bob Jimenez derided the way local news operations wallow in a culture of “ kicks , guts and orgasms at 11 . ”
A reporter still working in local news told me that many TV journalists “ want to argue for a more substantive story .
But there ’s always a rush and the beast needs to be fed .
Sometimes it ’s easier to just go along with it . ”
( Because he wanted to keep his job , that comment was delivered under promise of anonymity . )
The stations demonstrate an utter lack of concern about challenges to their public service content .
Just look at the files they ’re required by the FCC to maintain ( also examined by the USC investigators ) on their “ significant treatment of issues facing the community . ”
One of KNBC ’s reports last year listed a story about “ a rare humpback whale ” spotted off Australia .
KTLA ( which , like The Times , is owned by Tribune Co. ) cited its coverage of an Abercrombie & Fitch lawsuit against Beyoncé -- over the name of her perfume .
FCC Commissioner Michael Copps said he was “ flat - out alarmed ” by the USC report .
He pledged that the feds would somehow force TV operators to buckle down .
Advertisement
But I do n’t see the government suddenly sowing a great bounty in this vast wasteland .
A better hope would be for one TV operator to spot an opportunity to build audience and , thus , advertising dollars .
How about one of the cash - strapped stations finding partners -- newspapers , non-profits , journalism schools -- to help create richer and deeper stories on schools , culture , health , the environment and such ?
Such a revolutionary change seems like a long shot .
More likely , TV newsers will keep on keeping on .
And they might as well recast and recycle an old KFWB radio promo .
They ’ve earned the right to promise viewers : “ You give us 22 seconds , we give you a whirl . ”
Advertisement
Media bytes
Starting now ,
On the Media will offer quick takes on journalism and its many splendid ( or not ) manifestations .
* The battle for high - end readers in New York City was fully joined this week .
The New York Times sent a memo to employees saying it would fight back against “ misinformation ” -- i.e. charges by the Wall Street Journal that the NYT ’s coverage of the Apple is weak .
The Journal is beefing up its local news staffing .
The Times , meanwhile , countered with a full - page ad saying it ’s still the boss , with readership double the Journal ’s among business professionals in the New York market .
* Editors once said journalism was about one reporter toiling to get at the truth .
But investigative stories increasingly come from reporting teams and collaboration among organizations .
On Friday , USC ’s Annenberg School for Communication & Journalism and the Center for Investigative Reporting ’s California Watch plan to unveil the first parts of “ Hunger in the Golden State . ” KPCC-FM ( 89.3 ) will air stories on three consecutive Fridays , with the whole series appearing at www .hungerinthegoldenstate .com .
A future Los Angeles Times contribution will look at problems in the food stamp program .
Advertisement
james.rainey@latimes.com
Twitter : latimesrainey
I know I have been writing a lot about the creeping dominionsim of the Religious Right here lately , but that is because I think it is an important development that has the potential to fundamentally change the movement from an effort by conservative Christians to engage in and shape the political process to an effort to create create a borderline theocracy in which every aspect of America life is dedicated to honoring God in order to bring about the return of Christ .
And we are not the only ones alarmed by this development .
As we noted earlier this week , VCY America had decided to drop Janet Porter ’s Faith 2 Action radio program due to her increasing ties to dominion theology , as demonstrated by her May Day prayer rally .
VCY America is run by Vic Eliason , who also co-hosts VCY ’s flagship program “ Crosstalk ” with Ingrid Schlueter .
On Monday , Schlueter dedicated her program to analyzing the rise of dominion theology and the New Apostolic Reformation within the Religious Right .
Her guest was Sarah Leslie , an author , researcher , and member of the board of directors of Discernment Ministries , which has been voicing alarm at the rise of dominion theology within the movement on their blog :
Sarah Leslie is an author and researcher , a member of the board of directors of Discernment Ministries and also a member of the Discernment Research Group .
In response to the May Day event held this past Saturday at the Lincoln Memorial , Ingrid and Sarah brought to listener attention a movement known as the New Apostolic Reformation .
This title was coined by C. Peter Wagner during the 1990’s .
Featuring teachers such as Dutch Sheets , Chuck Pierce , and false “ prophetesses ” Cindy Jacobs and Stacey Campbell , the New Apostolic Reformation is centered around a theology of dominionism .
It teaches that Christians can take down demonic spirits in order to take back territories and institutions for Christ .
The movement is post - millennial believing that Jesus will not return until Christians take over the 7 Mountains .
These “ mountains ” are institutions like the media , entertainment , the economy , etc .
In other words , their eschatology requires that instead of reaching people with the gospel one heart at a time , they believe they are to conquer the earth one demonic spirit at a time and make the earth perfect so that Jesus can return .
The program is an hour long and I strongly encourage you to listen to it because it is quite informative .
And keep in mind that this discussion is taking place between two people who consider themselves a part of the Religious Right – Leslie was actually the head of Iowa Right to Life in the 1980s – so these are not religion - hating liberals voicing alarm about the radical views of dominionists , but very conservative activists who are warning that this movement is , in essence , a cult built on intolerance and coercion that is intent on creating an army of believers who will take complete control over our society and ultimately the world .
When extremely conservative Christian activists start issuing warnings about the radical turn the movement appears to be taking , it is probably a good idea to pay them heed .
In a statement that surprises absolutely no one who has any kind of grasp at all of what socialism actually means , the director of the Democratic Socialists of America stated that Obama , contrary to popular belief , is not a socialist - and that Sarah Palin is far more representative of his organization 's beliefs .
Socialism has become a buzzword in politics lately , a word that has been thrown about by people whose political knowledge goes no further than reading Fox News headlines on their phones .
Tea Partiers in particularly are especially guilty of dropping the ' s - bomb ' , especially when used to describe Pres. Obama .
Of course , socialists themselves beg to differ .
In an interview , Frank Llewellyn , the director of the DSA , and Billy Wharton , co-chair of the Socialist Party USA , both strongly refute the popular idea that Obama is a socialist .
" We did n't see a great victory with the election of Barack Obama , " Wharton says , " and we certainly did n't see our agenda move from the streets to the White House . "
Llewellyn also claims that the socialist label definitely did n't fit Obama during the 2008 presidential campaign .
" To be honest , the most socialist candidate in the 2008 election was Sarah Palin . "
When she was governor of Alaska , Palin was vocally proud of the fact that her state slapped a windfall profits tax on oil companies operating on Alaskan soil and distributed the revenue directly to Alaskans themselves .
This , says Llewellyn , is a thoroughly - socialist act , because it uses redistributive actions to reduce inequality in society .
Palin once attempted to defend her actions , stating that it was not socialism because the people of Alaska owned the resources that the oil companies were extracting .
Of course , no one bothered to point out to Mrs. Palin that her defense constitutes a textbook argument for socialism .
CNN 's Special Investigations
Unit reveals internal company documents on Bextra and Pfizer 's health care fraud .
Watch at 3 p.m. ET Saturday on CNN .
( CNN ) -- Imagine being charged with a crime , but an imaginary friend takes the rap for you .
That is essentially what happened when Pfizer , the world 's largest pharmaceutical company , was caught illegally marketing Bextra , a painkiller that was taken off the market in 2005 because of safety concerns .
When the criminal case was announced last fall , federal officials touted their prosecution as a model for tough , effective enforcement .
" It sends a clear message " to the pharmaceutical industry , said Kevin Perkins , assistant director of the FBI 's Criminal Investigative Division .
But beyond the fanfare , a CNN Special Investigation found another story , one that officials downplayed when they declared victory .
It 's a story about the power major pharmaceutical companies have even when they break the laws intended to protect patients .
Big plans for Bextra
The story begins in 2001 , when Bextra was about to hit the market .
The drug was part of a revolutionary class of painkillers known as Cox - 2 inhibitors that were supposed to be safer than generic drugs , but at 20 times the price of ibuprofen .
Pfizer and its marketing partner , Pharmacia , planned to sell Bextra as a treatment for acute pain , the kind you have after surgery .
But in November 2001 , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration said Bextra was not safe for patients at high risk of heart attacks and strokes .
The FDA approved Bextra only for arthritis and menstrual cramps .
It rejected the drug in higher doses for acute , surgical pain .
Promoting drugs for unapproved uses can put patients at risk by circumventing the FDA 's judgment over which products are safe and effective .
For that reason , " off - label " promotion is against the law .
But with billions of dollars of profits at stake , marketing and sales managers across the country nonetheless targeted anesthesiologists , foot surgeons , orthopedic surgeons and oral surgeons .
" Anyone that use [ d ] a scalpel for a living , " one district manager advised in a document prosecutors would later cite .
A manager in Florida e-mailed his sales reps a scripted sales pitch that claimed -- falsely -- that the FDA had given Bextra " a clean bill of health " all the way up to a 40 mg dose , which is twice what the FDA actually said was safe .
Doctors as pitchmen
Internal company documents show that Pfizer and Pharmacia ( which Pfizer later bought ) used a multimillion - dollar medical education budget to pay hundreds of doctors as speakers and consultants to tout Bextra .
Pfizer said in court that " the company 's intent was pure " : to foster a legal exchange of scientific information among doctors .
But an internal marketing plan called for training physicians " to serve as public relations spokespeople . "
According to Lewis Morris , chief counsel to the inspector general at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , " They pushed the envelope so far past any reasonable interpretation of the law that it 's simply outrageous . "
Pfizer 's chief compliance officer , Doug Lanker , said that " in a large sales force , successful sales techniques spread quickly , " but that top Pfizer executives were not aware of the " significant mis-promotion issue with Bextra " until federal prosecutors began to show them the evidence .
By April 2005 , when Bextra was taken off the market , more than half of its $ 1.7 billion in profits had come from prescriptions written for uses the FDA had rejected .
Too big to nail
But when it came to prosecuting Pfizer for its fraudulent marketing , the pharmaceutical giant had a trump card : Just as the giant banks on Wall Street were deemed too big to fail , Pfizer was considered too big to nail .
Why ?
Because any company convicted of a major health care fraud is automatically excluded from Medicare and Medicaid .
Convicting Pfizer on Bextra would prevent the company from billing federal health programs for any of its products .
It would be a corporate death sentence .
Prosecutors said that excluding Pfizer would most likely lead to Pfizer 's collapse , with collateral consequences : disrupting the flow of Pfizer products to Medicare and Medicaid recipients , causing the loss of jobs including those of Pfizer employees who were not involved in the fraud , and causing significant losses for Pfizer shareholders .
" We have to ask whether by excluding the company [ from Medicare and Medicaid ] , are we harming our patients , " said Lewis Morris of the Department of Health and Human Services .
So Pfizer and the feds cut a deal .
Instead of charging Pfizer with a crime , prosecutors would charge a Pfizer subsidiary , Pharmacia & Upjohn Co. Inc .
The CNN Special Investigation found that the subsidiary is nothing more than a shell company whose only function is to plead guilty .
According to court documents , Pfizer Inc. owns ( a ) Pharmacia Corp. , which owns ( b ) Pharmacia & Upjohn LLC , which owns ( c ) Pharmacia & Upjohn Co. LLC , which in turn owns ( d ) Pharmacia & Upjohn Co. Inc .
It is the great - great - grandson of the parent company .
Public records show that the subsidiary was incorporated in Delaware on March 27 , 2007 , the same day Pfizer lawyers and federal prosecutors agreed that the company would plead guilty in a kickback case against a company Pfizer had acquired a few years earlier .
As a result , Pharmacia & Upjohn Co. Inc. , the subsidiary , was excluded from Medicare without ever having sold so much as a single pill .
And Pfizer was free to sell its products to federally funded health programs .
An imaginary friend
Two years later , with Bextra , the shell company once again pleaded guilty .
It was , in effect , Pfizer 's imaginary friend stepping up to take the rap .
" It is true that if a company is created to take a criminal plea , but it 's just a shell , the impact of an exclusion is minimal or nonexistent , " Morris said .
Prosecutors say there was no viable alternative .
" If we prosecute Pfizer , they get excluded , " said Mike Loucks , the federal prosecutor who oversaw the investigation .
" A lot of the people who work for the company who have n't engaged in criminal activity would get hurt . "
Did the punishment fit the crime ?
Pfizer says yes .
It paid nearly $ 1.2 billion in a criminal fine for Bextra , the largest fine the federal government has ever collected .
It paid a billion dollars more to settle a batch of civil suits -- although it denied wrongdoing -- on allegations that it illegally promoted 12 other drugs .
In all , Pfizer lost the equivalent of three months ' profit .
It maintained its ability to do business with the federal government .
Pfizer says it takes responsibility for the illegal promotion of Bextra .
" I can tell you , unequivocally , that Pfizer perceived the Bextra matter as an incredibly serious one , " said Doug Lankler , Pfizer 's chief compliance officer .
To prevent it from happening again , Pfizer has set up what it calls " leading - edge " systems to spot signs of illegal promotion by closely monitoring sales reps and tracking prescription sales .
It 's not entirely voluntary .
Pfizer had to sign a corporate integrity agreement with the Department of Health and Human Services .
For the next five years , it requires Pfizer to disclose future payments to doctors and top executives to sign off personally that the company is obeying the law .
Pfizer says the company has learned its lesson .
But after years of overseeing similar cases against other major drug companies , even Loucks , is n't sure $ 2 billion in penalties is a deterrent when the profits from illegal promotion can be so large .
" I worry that the money is so great , " he said , that dealing with the Department of Justice may be " just of a cost of doing business . "
From AOL Black Voices :
They played and sang uplifting spiritual music for several churches , but after the praise and worship and soul food fellowship was through , police say they came back and stole more than $ 100,000 worth of equipment from several Georgia churches .
Police charged gospel singers Deshawn Rico Thomas , 28 , of Augusta and Rico Pionegro Blackshear , 28 , of Dublin with nine counts of theft and burglary .
Police had been investigating break - ins at several central Georgia churches .
A tipster suggested they take a closer look at Thomas and Pionegro .
A search warrant revealed the stolen equipment in the pair ’s vehicles and homes .
Text continues after gallery …
Click here to read more .
RELATED STORIES
Man Arrested For Breaking Into Church And Watching Porn
VIDEO : Black Church Ordains Ex-KKK Member
Last night , the Boulder City Council passed a controversial nudity ordinance banning anyone over the age of ten from exposing their genitals in public -- a response to concerns about annual events such as the World Naked Bike Ride and the Naked Pumpkin Run , as well as the possible revival of the Boulder Mall Crawl .
Judd Golden , head of the Boulder branch of the American Civil Liberties Union , attended the council meeting last night , and he said none of those testifying during a public - comment section -- including Catharine Pierce , 52 , who recently caused a stir by gardening topless near a school -- supported the regulation .
However , Boulder Police Chief Mark Beckner " said , ' When these incidents happen , we get calls from people wanting us to do something , ' " Golden notes .
" That was the essence of the critical mass of the public wanting them to do this -- and there was every indication that there was overwhelming opposition , " he continues .
" But for council , apparently controlling people having fun was far more important . "
The ordinance did not include provisions banning exposure of the female breast , which seemed possible at this time yesterday .
But council members went ahead with the rest of the provision by a 6 - 3 vote despite the fact that a HB - 1334 , a measure dealing in part with public nudity , is working its way through the Colorado legislature right now .
Golden feels supporters of the ordinance such as Beckner and Boulder District Attorney Stan Garnett mischaracterized the bill by way of justifying council passage of its own rules .
Along the way , council member Ken Wilson , who 'd earlier submitted a wacky list of possible nudity - related scenarios to the city manager 's office ( it 's included in the agenda accessible by clicking here ) , talked about the ordinance as a way to prevent rioting in the city .
To Golden , his arguments were highly suspect .
" He spent a very long time narrating the whole history of riots , none of which involved anyone taking off their clothes , " he says .
" To what end ?
I 'm not sure .
But he was a strong supporter of passing this , with a clear ulterior motive of using it as a tool to try to stop things like the Mall Crawl from happening again . "
These contentions featured " incredibly flawed logic and reasoning based on unfounded fear in the total absence of any empirical or criminological evidence to support it , " Golden believes .
" It was , to me and others observing it , an embarrassing exercise of how a governing body should operate . "
Golden emphasizes that he has a good relationship with both Beckner and Garnett .
He spoke to them before the vote and afterward , " and they said , ' Oh , we really do n't intend to enforce this unless people are causing trouble , ' and talked about all the situations where they would exercise discretion .
But the good intentions of our current police chief and district attorney could change on a dime in the next election cycle . "
In the meantime , he goes on , " the city council has said that anyone , under any circumstances , who shows any part of their genitals in public must become a criminal .
It does n't matter if you 're in a peace demonstration , it does n't matter if you 're sunbathing in your yard and someone sees you from a block away .
" I do n't want to overstate this , but these are very draconian approaches to how a legislative body should work .
Saying , ' Let 's give the police more tools to control the populace , ' well , that 's a very disturbing trend . "
In Golden 's view , these tactics are all the more troubling given the motivations of the individuals in the crosshairs .
" Members talked at length about , ' These are people having fun , or doing innocuous things . '
They were n't talking about people who were engaging in sexually predatory behavior .
They wanted to target people having fun , people getting a suntan .
Those are the people they want to make criminals .
So now , I guess they are .
You do n't have to affront anyone .
You do n't have to alarm anyone in Boulder .
You just have to be in a certain state of dress , or undress . "
About Me
Name : al fin Location : North America
Primary interest is seeing that the best of humanity survives long enough to reach the next level .
View my complete profile
Nice Ace
Hey Maria Sharapova , how ’bout we leave the tennis outfits to the pros .
Texas
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 8.8/10 ( 31 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
Rating : +7 ( from 13 votes )
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The space shuttle Discovery has blasted off on its mission to the International Space Station ( ISS ) .
The shuttle , on one of the final missions before the programme is shut down at the end of 2010 , is hauling equipment and supplies to the station .
The astronauts are due to carry out three spacewalks , to make repairs on the station and retrieve an experiment .
The shuttle , launched from Florida 's Kennedy Space Center , includes three female astronauts for the first time .
The shuttles are coming to the end of their lives as useful vehicles , and the BBC's Andy Gallacher in Miami says it is not yet clear what will replace them .
President Barack Obama is due to visit the Space Center soon to outline Nasa 's future direction .
For the first time , there will be four female crew in space
Our correspondent says some 6,000 jobs are expected to be lost as the space programme is cut back .
The White House wants to shut down development of the space vehicles intended to replace the shuttle , which would have taken astronauts back to the Moon by 2020 .
But the plans have met with a negative reception in the US Congress .
Politicians say the replacement strategy has not been defined clearly enough and lacks a timetable .
In a sometimes emotional interview with BBC News , Nasa chief Maj - Gen Charles Bolden admitted he had been insufficiently prepared to go out and explain the president 's plan .
But he also expressed determination to win over the doubters .
" I would have explained to people on Capitol Hill and to the American public that we are not losing our leadership in human exploration .
We are not losing our leadership in space exploration , " he said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Nasa 's shuttle mission management team on Saturday gave a unanimous " go " for launch , despite anomalies seen in recent ground tests of shuttle hardware .
Engineers said the anomalies spotted during tests of booster hardware were unlikely to affect launch safety .
Mike Moses , the space shuttle launch integration manager , said : " We 're really excited about this mission and the science we 'll be able to get on board for the ISS to do what it needs to do and demonstrate its true ability as a national laboratory . "
Spacewalkers Rick Mastracchio and Clay Anderson will replace one of the space station 's gyroscopes , which has failed , and switch an ammonia tank .
STATION'S ' MOVING VANS '
Three multi-purpose logistics modules ( MPLMs ) provided by the Italian space agency Carry equipment , experiments and supplies Berthed to the space station using shuttle 's robotic arm Ammonia is used to move excess heat from inside the space station to the radiators outside .
The astronauts will also retrieve an experiment that was placed on the exterior of the Japanese laboratory , Kibo .
The shuttle is carrying about 7,700kg of cargo in a pressurised container dubbed the " moving van " by Nasa - otherwise known as a multi- purpose logistics module ( MPLM ) .
The cargo includes a crew sleeping quarters and science racks which will be transferred to the station 's laboratories .
Only four shuttle flights remain - including this one - before the fleet is retired later in 2010 .
On Sunday , a Soyuz spacecraft carrying Nasa astronaut Tracy Caldwell Dyson and Russian cosmonauts Alexander Skvortsov and Mikhail Kornienko docked successfully with the station .
During their stay on the ISS , the trio will carry out experiments and support two shuttle missions to the space station .
The assembly of the space station is nearly complete
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
PHOENIX — When the bank sued Leann Weaver for not paying her credit card balance , her reaction was typical for someone in that situation .
Personal and financial setbacks weighed her down , and she knew she owed the $ 2,470 .
So she never went to court to defend herself .
She was startled by what happened next .
When she swiped her debit card at the grocery store , it was declined .
It turned out Capital One Bank had taken $ 224.25 from her paycheck , a quarter of her wages for two weeks of work at a retail chain , and her bank account was overdrawn .
“ They ’re kicking somebody who ’s already in the dirt , ” she said .
One of the worst economic downturns of modern history has produced a big increase in the number of delinquent borrowers , and creditors are suing them by the millions .
Concern is mounting in government and among consumer advocates that the debtors are not always getting a fair shake in these cases .
Most consumers never offer a defense , and creditors win their lawsuits without having to offer proof of the debts , much less justify to a judge the huge interest charges and penalties they often tack on .
Young adult author Lorie - Ann Grover sez , " In 2008 and 2009 , readergirlz , GuysLitWire , and YALSA orchestrated publishers ' donations of 20,000 new young adult books to hospitalized teens across the country .
For 2010 , If I Can Read I Can Do Anything has joined forces with these three organizations to drop over 10,000 new YA books , donated by publishers , into the hands of teens on Native Tribal Lands .
Nationwide , librarians , over 100 YA authors , YA lit lovers , and teens will drop YA books in their own communities on April 15th , 2010 , to raise awareness for Operation TBD 2010 and Support Teen Literature Day .
They will participate further by purchasing books from the TBD Powell 's Wish Lists during National Library Week .
Purchases will be shipped directly to enrich one of two Native American libraries .
Everyone will join an online party that evening at the readergirlz blog . "
Operation Teen Book Drop
( Thanks , Lorie - Ann ! )
TIME TO START TAKING THE INTERNET SERIOUSLY 1 .
No moment in technology history has ever been more exciting or dangerous than now .
The Internet is like a new computer running a flashy , exciting demo .
We have been entranced by this demo for fifteen years .
But now it is time to get to work , and make the Internet do what we want it to .
2 . One symptom of current problems is the fundamental puzzle of the Internet .
( Algebra and calculus have fundamental theorems ; the Internet has a fundamental puzzle . )
If this is the information age , what are we so well - informed about ?
What do our children know that our parents did n't ?
( Yes they know how to work their computers , but that 's easy compared to — say — driving a car . )
I 'll return to this puzzle .
3 . Here is a simpler puzzle , with an obvious solution .
Wherever computers exist , nearly everyone who writes uses a word processor .
The word processor is one of history 's most successful inventions .
Most people call it not just useful but indispensable .
Granted that the word processor is indeed indispensable , what good has it done ?
We say we can't do without it ; but if we had to give it up , what difference would it make ?
Have word processors improved the quality of modern writing ?
What has the indispensable word processor accomplished ?
4 . It has increased not the quality but the quantity of our writing — " our " meaning society 's as a whole .
The Internet for its part has increased not the quality but the quantity of the information we see .
Increasing quantity is easier than improving quality .
Instead of letting the Internet solve the easy problems , it 's time we got it to solve the important ones .
5 . Consider Web search , for example .
Modern search engines combine the functions of libraries and business directories on a global scale , in a flash : a lightning bolt of brilliant engineering .
These search engines are indispensable — just like word processors .
But they solve an easy problem .
It has always been harder to find the right person than the right fact .
Human experience and expertise are the most valuable resources on the Internet — if we could find them .
Using a search engine to find ( or be found by ) the right person is a harder , more subtle problem than ordinary Internet search .
Small pieces of the problem have been attacked ; in the future we will solve this hard problem in general , instead of being satisfied with windfalls and the lowest - hanging fruit on the technology tree .
6 . We know that the Internet creates " information overload , " a problem with two parts : increasing number of information sources and increasing information flow per source .
The first part is harder : it 's more difficult to understand five people speaking simultaneously than one person talking fast — especially if you can tell the one person to stop temporarily , or go back and repeat .
Integrating multiple information sources is crucial to solving information overload .
Blogs and other anthology - sites integrate information from many sources .
But we wo n't be able to solve the overload problem until each Internet user can choose for himself what sources to integrate , and can add to this mix the most important source of all : his own personal information — his email and other messages , reminders and documents of all sorts .
To accomplish this , we merely need to turn the whole Cybersphere on its side , so that time instead of space is the main axis .
7 . In the last paragraph I wrote " each Internet user " ; but users of any computing system ought to have a simple , uniform operating system and interface .
Users of the Internet still do n't .
8 . Practical business : who will win the tug of war between private machines and the Cloud ?
Will you store your personal information on your own personal machines , or on nameless servers far away in the Cloud , or both ?
Answer : in the Cloud .
The Cloud ( or the Internet Operating System , IOS — " Cloud 1.0 " ) will take charge of your personal machines .
It will move the information you need at any given moment onto your own cellphone , laptop , pad , pod — but will always keep charge of the master copy .
When you make changes to any document , the changes will be reflected immediately in the Cloud .
Many parts of this service are available already .
9 . Because your information will live in the Cloud and only make quick visits to your personal machines , all your machines will share the same information automatically ; a new machine will be useful the instant you switch it on ; a lost or stolen machine wo n't matter — the information it contains will evaporate instantly .
The Cloud will take care that your information is safely encrypted , distributed and secure .
10 . Practical business : small computers have been the center of attention lately , and this has been the decade of the cellphone .
Small devices will continue to thrive , but one of the most important new developments in equipment will be at the other end of the size spectrum .
In offices and at home , people will increasingly abandon conventional desktop and laptop machines for large screen computers .
You will sit perhaps seven feet away from the screen , in a comfortable chair , with the keyboard and controls in your lap .
Work will be easier and eyestrain ( which is important ) will decrease .
Large screen computers will change the shape of office buildings and create their own new architecture .
Office workers will spend much of their time in large - screen computer modules that are smaller than most private offices today , but more comfortable .
A building designed around large - screen computers might have modules ( for example ) stacked in many levels around a central court ; the column whose walls consist of stacked modules might spiral helically as it rises … .
11 . The Internet will never create a new economy based on voluntary instead of paid work — but it can help create the best economy in history , where new markets ( a free market in education , for example ) change the world .
Good news ! — the Net will destroy the university as we know it ( except for a few unusually prestigious or beautiful campuses ) .
The net will never become a mind , but can help us change our ways of thinking and change , for the better , the spirit of the age .
This moment is also dangerous : virtual universities are good but virtual nations , for example , are not .
Virtual nations — whose members can live anywhere , united by the Internet — threaten to shatter mankind like glass into razor - sharp fragments that draw blood .
We know what virtual nations can be like : Al Qaeda is one of the first .
12 . In short : it 's time to think about the Internet instead of just letting it happen .
13 .
The traditional web site is static , but the Internet specializes in flowing , changing information .
The " velocity of information " is important — not just the facts but their rate and direction of flow .
Today 's typical website is like a stained glass window , many small panels leaded together .
There is no good way to change stained glass , and no one expects it to change .
So it 's not surprising that the Internet is now being overtaken by a different kind of cyberstructure .
14 .
The structure called a cyberstream or lifestream is better suited to the Internet than a conventional website because it shows information - in- motion , a rushing flow of fresh information instead of a stagnant pool .
15 . Every month , more and more information surges through the Cybersphere in lifestreams — some called blogs , " feeds , " " activity streams , " " event streams , " Twitter streams .
All these streams are specialized examples of the cyberstructure we called a lifestream in the mid-1990s : a stream made of all sorts of digital documents , arranged by time of creation or arrival , changing in realtime ; a stream you can focus and thus turn into a different stream ; a stream with a past , present and future .
The future flows through the present into the past at the speed of time .
16 . Your own information — all your communications , documents , photos , videos — including " cross network " information — phone calls , voice messages , text messages — will be stored in a lifestream in the Cloud .
17 .
There is no clear way to blend two standard websites together , but it 's obvious how to blend two streams .
You simply shuffle them together like two decks of cards , maintaining time - order — putting the earlier document first .
Blending is important because we must be able to add and subtract in the Cybersphere .
We add streams together by blending them .
Because it 's easy to blend any group of streams , it 's easy to integrate stream - structured sites so we can treat the group as a unit , not as many separate points of activity ; and integration is important to solving the information overload problem .
We subtract streams by searching or focusing .
Searching a stream for " snow " means that I subtract every stream - element that does n't deal with snow .
Subtracting the " not snow " stream from the mainstream yields a " snow " stream .
Blending streams and searching them are the addition and subtraction of the new Cybersphere .
18 . Nearly all flowing , changing information on the Internet will move through streams .
You will be able to gather and blend together all the streams that interest you .
Streams of world news or news about your friends , streams that describe prices or auctions or new findings in any field , or traffic , weather , markets — they will all be gathered and blended into one stream .
Then your own personal lifestream will be added .
The result is your mainstream : different from all others ; a fast - moving river of all the digital information you care about .
19 .
You can turn a knob and slow down your mainstream : less - important stream - elements will flow past invisibly and wo n't distract you , but will remain in the stream and appear when you search for them .
You can rewind your lifestream and review the past .
If an important - looking document or message sails past and you have no time to deal with it now , you can copy the document or message into the future ( copy it to " this evening at 10 , " say ) ; when the future arrives , the document appears again .
You can turn a different knob to make your fast - flowing stream spread out into several slower streams , if you have space enough on your screen to watch them all .
And you can gather those separate streams back together whenever you like .
20 .
Sometimes you will want to listen to your stream instead of watching it ( perhaps while you 're driving , or sitting through a boring meeting or lecture ) .
Software will read text aloud , and eventually will describe pictures too .
When you watch your high - definition TV , you might let the stream trickle down one side of the screen , so you can stay in touch with your life .
21 .
It 's simple for the software that runs your Lifestream to learn about your habits ; simple to figure out which emails ( for example ) , or social updates , or news stories , you are likely to find important and interesting .
It will therefore be easy for software to highlight the stream elements you 're apt to find important , and let the others rush by quickly without drawing your attention .
22 . Lifestreams will make it even easier than it is today for software to learn the details of your life and predict your future actions .
The potential damage to privacy is too large and important a problem to discuss here .
Briefly , the question is whether the crushing blows to privacy from many sources over the last few decades will make us crumple and surrender , or fight harder to protect what remains .
23 . The Internet 's future is not Web 2.0 or 200.0 but the post - Web , where time instead of space is the organizing principle — instead of many stained - glass windows , instead of information laid out in space , like vegetables at a market — the Net will be many streams of information flowing through time .
The Cybersphere as a whole equals every stream in the Internet blended together : the whole world telling its own story .
( But the world 's own story is full of private information — and so , unfortunately , no human being is allowed to hear it . ) 24 .
Ten years ago I wrote about the growing importance of lifestreams .
Last year , the technology journalist Erik Schonfeld asked in a news story whether a certain large company " can take the central communication model of social networks — the lifestream — and pour it back into its IM clients . "
( The story was headlined " Bebo Zeroes In On Lifestreaming For The Masses . " )
" Lifestreaming " is a word that is now used generically , and streams are all over the net .
Ten years ago I described the computer of the future as a " scooped - out hole in the beach where information from the Cybersphere wells up like seawater . "
Today the spread of wireless coverage and the growing power of mobile devices means that information does indeed well up almost anywhere you switch on your laptop or cellphone ; and " anywhere " will be true before long .
25 .
From which we learn that ( a ) making correct predictions about the technology future is easy , and ( b ) writers should remember to put their predictions in suitably poetic language , so it 's easy to say they were right .
25 .
If we think of time as orthogonal to space , a stream - based , time - based Cybersphere is the traditional Internet flipped on its side in digital space - time .
The traditional web - shaped Internet consists ( in effect ) of many flat panels chaotically connected .
Instead of flat sites , where information is arranged in space , we want deep sites that are slices of time .
When we look at such a site onscreen , it 's natural to imagine the past extending into ( or beyond ) the screen , and the future extending forward in front of the screen ; the future flows towards the screen , into the screen and then deeper into the space beyond the screen .
26 . The Internet is no topic like cellphones or videogame platforms or artificial intelligence ; it 's a topic like education .
It 's that big .
Therefore beware : to become a teacher , master some topic you can teach ; do n't go to Education School and master nothing .
To work on the Internet , master some part of the Internet : engineering , software , computer science , communication theory ; economics or business ; literature or design .
Do n't go to Internet School and master nothing .
There are brilliant , admirable people at Internet institutes .
But if these institutes have the same effect on the Internet that education schools have had on education , they will be a disaster .
27 . Returning to our fundamental riddle : if this is the information age , what do our children know that our parents did n't ?
The answer is " now . "
They know about now .
28 . Internet culture is a culture of nowness .
The Internet tells you what your friends are doing and the world news now , the state of the shops and markets and weather now , public opinion , trends and fashions now .
The Internet connects each of us to countless sites right now — to many different places at one moment in time .
29 .
Nowness is one of the most important cultural phenomena of the modern age : the western world 's attention shifted gradually from the deep but narrow domain of one family or village and its history to the ( broader but shallower ) domains of the larger community , the nation , the world .
The cult of celebrity , the importance of opinion polls , the decline in the teaching and learning of history , the uniformity of opinions and attitudes in academia and other educated elites — they are all part of one phenomenon .
Nowness ignores all other moments but this .
In the ultimate Internet culture , flooded in nowness like a piazza flooded in sea water , drenched in a tropical downpour of nowness , everyone talks alike , dresses alike , thinks alike .
30 .
As I wrote at the start of this piece , no moment in technology history has ever been more exciting or dangerous than " now . "
As we learn more about now , we know less about then .
The Internet increases the supply of information hugely , but the capacity of the human mind not at all .
( Some scientists talk about artificially increasing the power of minds and memories — but then they are no longer talking about human beings .
They are discussing some new species we know nothing about .
And in this field , we would be fools to doubt our own ignorance . )
The effect of nowness resembles the effect of light pollution in large cities , which makes it impossible to see the stars .
A flood of information about the present shuts out the past .
31 . But — the Internet could be the most powerful device ever invented for understanding the past , and the texture of time .
Once we understand the inherent bias in an instrument , we can correct it .
The Internet has a large bias in favor of now .
Using lifestreams ( which arrange information in time instead of space ) , historians can assemble , argue about and gradually refine timelines of historical fact .
Such timelines are not history , but they are the raw material of history .
They will be bitterly debated and disputed — but it will be easy to compare two different versions ( and the evidence that supports them ) side - by - side .
Images , videos and text will accumulate around such streams .
Eventually they will become shared cultural monuments in the Cybersphere .
32 . Before long , all personal , familial and institutional histories will take visible form in streams .
A lifestream is tangible time : as life flashes past on waterskis across time 's ocean , a lifestream is the wake left in its trail .
Dew crystallizes out of the air along cool surfaces ; streams crystallize out of the Cybersphere along veins of time .
As streams begin to trickle and then rush through the spring thaw in the Cybersphere , our obsession with " nowness " will recede , the dykes will be repaired and we will clean up the damaged piazza of modern civilization .
33 .
Anyone who has ever looked through a telescope at the moon close - up has seen it drift out of sight as the earth slowly spins .
In the future , the Cybersphere will drift too : if you have investigated one topic long enough for your attention to grow slack and your mind to wander , the Net will respond by letting itself drift slowly into new topics , new domain : not ones with obvious connections to the topic you 've been studying ; new topics that have deep emotional connections to the previous ones , connections that will no doubt make sense only to you .
34 . The Internet today is , after all , a machine for reinforcing our prejudices .
The wider the selection of information , the more finicky we can be about choosing just what we like and ignoring the rest .
On the Net we have the satisfaction of reading only opinions we already agree with , only facts ( or alleged facts ) we already know .
You might read ten stories about ten different topics in a traditional newspaper ; on the net , many people spend that same amount of time reading ten stories about the same topic .
But again , once we understand the inherent bias in an instrument , we can correct it .
One of the hardest , most fascinating problems of this cyber - century is how to add " drift " to the net , so that your view sometimes wanders ( as your mind wanders when you 're tired ) into places you had n't planned to go .
Touching the machine brings the original topic back .
We need help overcoming rationality sometimes , and allowing our thoughts to wander and metamorphose as they do in sleep .
35 .
Pushing the multi - mega - ton jumbo jet of human thought - style backwards a few inches , back in the direction of dream logic , might be the Internet 's greatest accomplishment .
The best is yet to be .
— David Gelernter
How to get people talking about your product
Scene : A Marketing Meeting in the Conference Room
Mickey the Product Manager has called Daisy and Goofy into a meeting to discuss promotional plans for their upcoming new product .
Mickey : Welcome , Team !
Time is growing short .
Our product is now in beta , so we need to decide how we 're going to do the marketing .
Any ideas ?
Daisy : Maybe we should run a bunch of ads in magazines ?
Goofy : Yeah !
That 's a great idea !
The professor in my marketing class told us that magazine ads are one of the most effective forms of promotion .
Mickey : Actually , I saw a post on Eric Sink 's blog which said that all magazines are going to be out of business by sometime this fall .
Any other ideas ?
Daisy : Maybe we should do some word of mouth marketing ?
Goofy : Yeah !
That 's a great idea !
The professor in my marketing class told us that word of mouth is one of the most effective forms of promotion .
Mickey : Excellent !
It 's settled then .
We 'll use word of mouth marketing to promote our new product .
Great work , Team !
Word - of - mouth is not a strategy
Everybody knows how powerful word - of - mouth and buzz can be .
Lots of ink has been spilled about all the nice things that happen when people are talking about your product .
But this is a little bit like explaining the nice things that rich people can buy .
It is obvious that good results are good .
We do n't need to be told that .
What we need to know is how to make those good results happen .
Word - of - mouth is not a strategy .
It is the result of a strategy .
How do we make it happen ?
Begging bloggers for links
In the last couple years , the most popular way of trying to generate word - of - mouth marketing is a two - part strategy that looks like this :
Make a list of all the top bloggers .
Send email to them and ask them to mention your product .
This wo n't work .
In fact , any marketing approach which is a post - processing step is going to give very disappointing results .
Recall that there are two phases of marketing :
Phase 1 , Strategy : Make decisions about your product to focus it on a certain market .
Phase 2 , Communications :
Tell everyone about your product .
If you want to generate buzz , you have to start early .
The foundation of buzz lies in the decisions you make in phase 1 , not in the tasks you perform in phase 2 .
How to Get No Buzz
The most popular two step product strategy is :
Find a Very Large Group of People Build a product and hope that 5 % of them will buy it .
This wo n't work .
It seems like it should work .
We chose a Very Large Group of People to make the numbers look good .
Five percent of a big number is a lot more revenue than five percent of a small number , right ?
And if our product has enough features , surely one out of every twenty people will like it , right ?
The result of this approach is that you do n't have enough focus to make good feature decisions .
The Very Large Group of People is simply too diverse .
You can't decide which features to leave out because every time you consider a feature , you can think of at least one person in your Very Large Group of People who might want it .
Your best case result with this strategy is that you end up with a product that everybody likes , but nobody loves .
Nobody is going to see your product and believe it was perfectly designed just for them .
Therefore , nobody is going to call , email or blog their friends and tell them how great your product is .
Bottom line :
No word - of - mouth .
No buzz .
Instead , focus on a smaller group
The better approach is far less intuitive , but far more effective :
Find a Very Small Group of People that share common interests Build a product that 100 % of them will love
Numerically , this sounds wrong :
You want me to focus on a small group of people ?
Why would I do that ?
Should n't I go after the largest market I can ?
And how am I supposed to get 100 % of the market ?
That 's just nonsense .
The reason this approach works is because it is much easier to delight a small homogenous group of people than a large diverse group of people .
And your product will ship sooner because you only need the features that are required by the folks in your Very Small Group of People .
And most importantly , when your product does ship , you will have set the stage for buzz and word - of - mouth to happen .
If your product is so perfectly designed to delight your customers , they will be dying to talk about it .
Build a product that is worth talking about
People do n't talk about products because somebody asked them to .
People talk about products because they 're interesting .
They talk about products they love .
Recently Scott Hanslemann posted a blog entry about a product called FinePrint .
Why did he do this ?
Did he post this entry because some marketing drone at FinePrint asked him to mention their product ?
No .
.
Did he post this entry because he is so impressed with FinePrint that he just can't manage to keep quiet about it ?
Probably .
The first step in getting people to talk about your product is to have a product that is worth talking about .
Design something insanely great .
Think about the folks in your Very Small Group of People , and build a product that they will love so much that they can't keep quiet about it .
An example of great word - of - mouth
Delphi is a programming language and development tool from Borland .
It is very highly regarded by its users .
People often speak of how it allows developers to be extremely productive and how it generates very efficient standalone Win32 executables .
Borland is currently in the process of spinning out its developer tools into a new company which is informally referred to as " DevCo " .
Three weeks ago I published chapter 9 of my Source Control HOWTO , in which I rather whimsically exaggerated by saying that Eclipse and Visual Studio are the only two IDEs left in the world .
I figured that this might ruffle the features of anyone who is using one of the many other IDEs that admittedly still exist , but I did n't expect any sort of backlash .
Nick Hodges , product manager for Delphi , responded by asking his readers to go to my blog and post a comment in protest .
As a result , 15 raving Delphi fans posted their complaints about Delphi and Borland 's products in general .
#ifdef FRIENDLY_TRASH_TALK
Fifteen people ?
That 's like 20 % of all the remaining Delphi users on earth , right Nick ?
;-)
#endif
Truth be told , I was impressed .
I 've always heard that Delphi is a great product .
It 's clear that Delphi 's fans are a great group of people as well .
They 're passionate and they 're tightly knit .
DevCo has some big challenges ahead , but do n't count them out as long as their customers love the product as much as they apparently do .
But I was even more impressed with the Delphi community last week when I saw this post by Tate Needham from FinalBuilder .
Basically , he announced the results of a survey in which he asked his customers " Which Version Control systems do you currently use , or plan to use in the next 12 months ? "
The top ten responses were as follows :
Microsoft Visual SourceSafe Borland StarTeam Subversion FreeVCS / JediVCS CVS SourceGear Vault QSC Team Coherence Microsoft Team System Perforce Rational ClearCase
I think this data is very interesting in several ways , but I want to zero in just one issue :
Why is QSC Team Coherence ranked so high ?
I mean no disrespect to Team Coherence .
It seems like a fine product .
One of their people , Ewan McNab , is a regular on the same forum where I hang out .
But seriously now --
Does anybody really think that Team Coherence is the seventh most popular version control tool in the world ?
How could QSC 's product rank so high in this survey ?
Here 's why :
All of the responders to this survey were customers of FinalBuilder .
And FinalBuilder is written in Delphi .
And Team Coherence is written in Delphi as well .
If a similar survey were conducted with a much larger and more diverse group of developers , the results would almost certainly be very different .
For example , Perforce would rank higher , while Team Coherence would rank lower .
Please note that I am not crying foul or bias or unfairness .
In fact , I am delighted ( and quite surprised ) that my product ranked as high as it did among FinalBuilder developers , especially since Vault is not open source and has no particular connection to the Delphi community .
Furthermore , I am not intending to disparage any of the products on this list .
All the version control tools on the list above are fine tools and worthy competitors .
Except of course for SourceSafe , which everybody knows is a steaming pile of cow dung . :-)
My point here is simply this :
The community of Delphi developers is very strong , and they talk to each other .
They 're a perfect example of a Very Small Group of People .
Build a product that they will love , and before long , they wo n't be able to keep quiet about it .
Postscript : Preemptive responses to comments
" Eric , how can you say that the Delphi community is a Very Small Group of People ?
There are 500,000 of us ! "
Neopets has 70 million users .
MySpace has 100 million users .
Visual Studio has 5 million users .
A group of 500,000 people is Very Small .
And yet , it 's a big enough market to sell a product into .
" Eric , how can you say that people choose products based on what language the product is written in ?
People just want software that works .
They do n't care if it 's written in C# , Delphi or Erlang . "
Normal people think that way .
Many developers do n't .
A developer whose primary community affiliation is around a programming language with minority market share will definitely be more inclined to buy a developer tool that is written in that language .
" Eric , you forgot to point out that FreeVCS / JediVCS is written in Delphi as well . "
No , I did n't forget .
" Eric , how can you say that we have to try and get 100 % of our market niche ?
That 's impossible , right ? "
Right .
The point is not that you have to get absolutely every customer .
The point is that going after all of a niche will help sharpen your decision making .
" Eric , did you really say that all magazines are going to be out of business sometime this fall ? "
No , but Mickey seems to think that 's what I said .
On the other hand , Mickey is obviously an idiot .
" Eric , have you even used Delphi ? "
Nope .
I just think the Delphi community serves nicely as an example of my point .
" Eric , if you think the Delphi community is so cool , why does n't your product support any integration with Borland tools ? "
Er , good question .
Maybe we do n't get very many requests for this feature ?
And maybe that 's because Team Coherence is doing such a fine job serving the needs of Delphi users already ?
" Eric , how can you say that all we have to do is build a great product and the word - of - mouth will just happen automatically with no marketing communications effort at all ? "
I did n't say that .
I admit that there are things that can be done in the marketing communications phase to help generate buzz .
I 'm just saying that being interesting is a necessary condition for buzz , but it is not necessarily a sufficient one .
" Eric , I 'm in charge of promoting a product that is n't interesting .
You 're basically saying that there is nothing I can do to generate buzz .
You 're saying that all of the real mistakes were made a long time ago when the initial product decisions were made and now it 's too late to fix it .
How does this help me ? "
It does n't .
Probably , nothing is going to help you .
Do n't shoot the messenger .
" Eric , how can you say those terrible , unkind things about SourceSafe ? "
Oh , settle down .
I 'm just kidding .
SourceSafe works just fine for lots of people .
Its bad reputation is partly deserved and partly exaggerated .
In part , that 's because exaggerating is fun .
" Eric , have you even seen a steaming pile of cow dung ? "
Yep .
Here in the Midwest you can find them all over the place .
