Former Guns N ‘ Roses guitarist Slash has apologised for calling a Michael Jackson song ‘ gay ’ .
The musician was criticised when he said last week that the signature hook from Jackson ’s song Black or White was “ gay . ”
He is often mistakenly thought to have written it .
He told Canadian Music Week : “ I never played on [ Black or White ] .
If you listen to [ the hook ] , that ’s gay .
I ’d never play that . ”
After reflecting on the remark , he told music website Spinner : “ I thought about that afterward ’ cause really that just came right out … now I think it sounded a bit too derogatory
“ What I really meant was that the sound of the guitar is very happy .
It just does n’t sound like me , anyone would know that .
It ’s not the guitar sound you would expect from me , but somehow I got pigeonholed as the guy who played on that song . ”
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The United States and Britain are threatening to withhold support for a $ 3.75 billion World Bank loan for a coal - fired plant in South Africa , expanding the battleground in the global debate over who should pay for clean energy .
Steam and other emissions are seen coming from a power station in Wollongong , some 89 km ( 55 miles ) south of Sydney November 17 , 2009 . .
REUTERS / Daniel Munoz
The opposition by the bank ’s two largest members has raised eyebrows among those who note that the two advanced economies are allowing development of coal - powered plants in their own countries even as they raise concerns about those in poorer countries .
While the loan is still likely to be approved on April 6 by the World Bank board , it has revealed the deep fissures between the world ’s industrial powers and developing countries over tackling climate change .
Both camps failed to reach a new deal in Copenhagen in December on a global climate agreement because of differences over emissions targets and who should pay for poorer nations to green their economies .
Some $ 3 billion of the loan to South African power utility Eskom will fund the bulk of the 4,800 - megawatt Medupi coal - fired plant in the northern Limpopo region and is critical to easing the country ’s chronic power shortages that brought the economy to its knees in 2008 .
The rest of the money will go toward renewables and energy efficiency projects .
The battle playing out in the World Bank was prompted by new guidance issued by the U.S. Treasury to multilateral institutions in December on coal - based power projects , which infuriated developing countries including China and India .
The guidance directs U.S. representatives to encourage “ no or low carbon energy ” options prior to a coal - based choice , and to assist borrowers in finding additional resources to make up the costs if an alternative to coal is more expensive .
In a letter to World Bank President Robert Zoellick , board representatives from Africa , China and India said such actions “ highlighted an unhealthy subservience of the decision - making processes in the bank to the dictates of one member country ” .
GOING GREEN
South Africa , together with Brazil , is a leader among developing countries in fighting climate change and foresees a peak in its greenhouse gas emissions between 2020 and 2025 .
By contrast , the United States is the only major developed nation with no legal target for cutting its own emissions .
To be fair , the Obama administration wants to cut emissions by 17 percent from 2005 levels , or about 4 percent below 1990 levels by 2020 , but that plan is stalled in the U.S. Senate .
Britain is better off in lecturing about clean energy -- its emissions were 19.5 percent below 1990 levels in 2008 -- and closure of coal mines and a shift to natural gas primarily for economic reasons explain a large part of the fall .
Eskom has proposed to develop Medupi with the latest supercritical “ clean coal ” and carbon storage technologies available on the market , which is used by most rich countries .
Still , Medupi will be a major polluter that could make it harder for South Africa to meet its emissions targets .
A U.S. Treasury official told Reuters the United States was in the process of reviewing the Eskom proposal and will develop a position that “ is consistent with administration policy and with facts surrounding the project . ”
World Bank Vice President for Africa , Obiageli Ezekwesili , said South Africa ’s energy security was key because the country ’s growth , or lack of it , was felt throughout Africa .
“ There is no viable alternative to safeguard Africa ’s energy security at this particular time , ” she told Reuters .
“ This is a transitional investment that they are making toward a green economy and that should count for something . ”
But the politically connected Center for American Progress in Washington argued in a report last week that the World Bank is a standard - setter for development banks and should push sustainable economic development models in client countries .
“ This is a problem for an institution with the moral and financial responsibility to foster large - scale investment in sustainable economic development , ” it said .
It said the U.S. should press the point in negotiations over a general capital increase for the World Bank , which ponies up billions of dollars a year to fight global poverty .
Environmental groups argue that the Bank should n’t be allowed to manage a Clean Technology Fund for donors while also funding coal plants that emit tens of millions tons of harmful carbon emissions into the atmosphere .
It is not the first time the Bank is facing a backlash over its support for coal - fired projects .
Last year , it backed India ’s Tata Ultra Mega supercritical coal - fired plant , one of the world ’s top 50 greenhouse gas polluters .
LOW -EMISSION PATH
Steve Lennon , Eskom ’s managing director for corporate services , said while Medupi involved a significant chunk of coal , there were also elements of the project that would meet South Africa ’s Copenhagen commitment .
“ The package of projects that we are applying for the funding for is part of South Africa ’s long - term climate change mitigation scenario , all aimed at putting the country on a low emissions path in the future , ” said Lennon , who was part of a high - level Eskom delegation who visited Washington recently .
David Wheeler , an environmental expert at the Center for Global Development , said the World Bank should press Western donors to fund the cost gap to help South Africa afford an alternative to coal .
“ This recalls a central problem at Copenhagen : ample rhetoric about the need for carbon mitigation in developing economies , but little actual willingness to finance the extra cost of clean technology for countries that remain very poor , ” he added .
One of the analysts on our earnings call asked if we had launched when Droid launched , and Droid launched when [ we ] launched at Verizon , would the story have been opposite ?
I said I think we have a better product than Droid , and customers would have been happier with it .
It 's been a rough month or so for Palm , as the only thing keeping the company 's tanking stock price from falling completely into the gutter are buyout rumors -- RIM here , HTC there , even Lenovo , for some crazy reason .
But that 's apparently not enough to get CEO Jon Rubinstein down : he just sat down with Fortune for a remarkably candid chat , saying that although his company has n't done so well , he still thinks there 's potential -- and that he obviously wishes some things had gone better .
The big one ?
The Verizon launch -- and Jon thinks that if the Droid and Pre had had their launch dates flipped , the Pre would have done better .
It 's certainly an interesting thought experiment , but we 've always said that the Pre 's marketing had a lot to do with its failure on Big Red as well -- and Palm apparently agrees , since it 's fired its ad agency and Jon told Fortune that Verizon 's changing their ads as well .
As for the buyout rumors ?
Well , obviously Jon did n't say much , but it sounds like he's not too interested -- although that can always change if the right suitor comes to the table .
We 'll see if Ruby actually manages to turn things around -- we 've got some ideas on how to make that happen .
Hit the source link for the full interview .
Earlier in the month , I posted Strategies for Managing Social Networks and a Full - Time Job , and one of the strategies I mentioned was using a social network aggregator to stay on top of activity in your networks .
I decided to take my own advice and recently started a search for the “ perfect ” aggregator .
I ’m just in the beginning stages of the process , but I thought my research might be useful to others , so here is a list of what I ’m looking for and the apps I plan to try out .
The Criteria
Despite it being a staple of most aggregators , I do n’t need to be able to post one update across multiple networks .
I tend to use each network differently than the next , so this functionality would be lost on me .
Having said that , I do have an optimistic wish list .
Here is some of what I want the aggregator to do :
Provide one place ( app , web site , etc. ) where I can catch up on all network activity
Allow me to post ( different ) updates to all of my networks in one location
Condense status updates of my connections across Twitter , Facebook and LinkedIn
Show people I am connected to in more than one network
Present data in a pleasing and easy - on - the - eye interface
The following items would be amazing to have , but I have n’t seen them at work in any of the aggregators I ’ve taken a preliminary look at :
Ability to track drill - down activity , such as Facebook Fan Page posts and LinkedIn Group discussions
Mobile access
Integration of RSS feeds
The Contenders
Flock.com : A social network browser developed by Mozilla .
A social network browser developed by Mozilla .
FriendFeed : A popular application that allows you to share content across Facebook , Flickr , Twitter and other social networks .
A popular application that allows you to share content across Facebook , Flickr , Twitter and other social networks .
HootSuite : A web - based social media aggregator for tracking and posting updates .
A web - based social media aggregator for tracking and posting updates .
Minggl : A browser add - on that lets you manage and interact with all your contacts from one place .
A browser add - on that lets you manage and interact with all your contacts from one place .
Netvibes : A web - based start page that lets you personalize the information you want to see , including blogs , weather , email , social networks , and more .
A web - based start page that lets you personalize the information you want to see , including blogs , weather , email , social networks , and more .
Orsiso : A social networking tool that lets you organize , simplify and socialize in one place .
A social networking tool that lets you organize , simplify and socialize in one place .
Tweetdeck :
An app that provides real - time social web access , allowing users to connect with Twitter , Facebook , LinkedIn and MySpace .
: An app that provides real - time social web access , allowing users to connect with Twitter , Facebook , LinkedIn and MySpace .
???:
What do you recommend ?
The Test
I will be installing / signing up with each of the services listed and trying them out to see how they work for me , measured against my wish - list criteria .
I plan to report back on my findings over the coming weeks after I give these apps a test drive , so stay tuned .
Do you use an app to aggregate your social network activity ?
What do you recommend I add to my list of possibilities ?
Yes !
Just voice your interest .
Mentioning that they can just use our Station Sign
Up page to receive our cd's in the mail or get access to our online download area .
KANSAS CITY , Mo. —
The Kansas City Board of Education voted Wednesday night to close almost half of the city ’s public schools , accepting a sweeping and contentious plan to shrink the system in the face of dwindling enrollment , budget cuts and a $ 50 million deficit .
In a 5 - to - 4 vote , the members endorsed the Right - Size plan , proposed by the schools superintendent , John Covington , to close 28 of the city ’s 61 schools and cut 700 of 3,000 jobs , including those of 285 teachers .
The closings are expected to save $ 50 million , erasing the deficit from the $ 300 million budget .
“ We must make sacrifices , ” said board member Joel Pelofsky , speaking in favor of the plan before the vote .
“ Unite in favor of our children . ”
Mr. Pelofsky and other supporters of the closures made their case with the district ’s data : enrollment has declined by half in the last 10 years alone , to 17,400 children , and the schools are only 48 percent full .
BALTIMORE —
Lawyers for the father of
a Marine who died in Iraq and whose funeral was picketed by anti-gay protesters
say a court has ordered him to pay the protesters ’ appeal costs .
Lawyers for
Albert Snyder of York , Pa. , also say he is struggling to come up with fees
associated with filing a brief with the U.S. Supreme Court .
The high court agreed earlier this month to consider whether the protesters ' message , no matter how provocative and upsetting , is protected by the First Amendment .
Members of the Kansas - based Westboro Baptist Church have picketed many military funerals to spread their belief that U.S. deaths in Afghanistan and Iraq are punishment for the nation 's tolerance of homosexuality .
On Friday , Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ordered that Snyder pay costs associated with the Fred Phelps ’ appeal .
Phelps is the leader of the Westboro Baptist Church , which conducted protests at Marine Lance Cpl. Matthew Snyder ’s funeral in 2006 in Westminster .
The competition to be TV's top romance is getting tighter every day !
The retro couples are holding their own ( everybody still loves Mulder and Scully from The X - Files , for example ) , but contemporary faves like House and Cuddy , Chuck and Sarah and Jack and Kate are still going strong !
Congrats to Glee , which is the only show with more than one couple still in contention , and to Callie and Arizona from Grey 's Anatomy , the only same - sex couple left .
Is your pair going to make it to the end ?
Only you and your fellow fans can decide .
Ready , set , go !
The World from Berlin Looking at Haiti's Bleak Future
Frustration is rising in Haiti as quake victims await the arrival of emergency supplies .
European Union foreign policy Chief Catherine Ashton plans to visit Washington next week to discuss aid but German newspapers ask whether the world is doing enough to help the stricken island .
Four other officers who were involved in the beating and later disciplined were also punished too harshly , the arbitrator also found .
Three of those officers were suspended and one , a sergeant , was demoted .
The arbitrator ruled those suspended should receive back pay and a reprimand .
The arbitrator found the department had no cause to punish the former sergeant , Joseph Schiavone , and ruled that he be reinstated at his former rank .
Ever since stories about anti-healthcare reform campaigners calling black and gay lawmakers ' nigger ' and ' faggot ' and spitting on them , conservatives have been sneering that they have n't seen any evidence and implying it 's a media conspiracy .
Here 's video of one incident .
Congressman Emmanuel Cleaver of Missouri ( in the tan suit in the video ) had released a statement last week confirming the racism and that he'd been spat on .
Here 's video , via the Huffington Post , in which it looks like he 's been spat on .
Luminaries like Andrew Breitbart and Sean Hannity had questioned all the lawmakers ' claims , preferring to believe the disgusting racists who make up their flocks .
A tea party group even offered $ 15,000 for video proof of the spitting incident .
Although they may now claim , like some blogs , that " the good congressman just walked a little too close to a protestor with his hands cupped . "
Yeah , that must be it .
Silly old us in the ' mainstream media ' .
Get 5 % here too .
Looks great with flurry ....
Any way to get desktop items to appear on top ?
Probally asking too much I know
My son ’s favorite game in the whole world is Let ’s Play With The Other Baby !
You Know , The One We Keep In The Mirror .
We bring him over to this giant mirror in the hallway and he goes berserk , he paws at the “ other ” baby , kicks his legs , squeals and laughs .
It cracks us up too .
Babies : they ’re so cute when they ’re kinda confused !
It took us a few weeks to realize how sad this game actually is .
My little monkey is so outgoing and eager to make friends that he ’ll play with an imaginary baby that lives in the mirror to get his fix .
Perhaps , we realized , hanging our heads in the shame of being the worst parents , ever , it is time for him to meet some other babies his age that he can paw and squeal at in person and they can hopefully paw and squeal back .
But , of course , this is n’t a story about Jacob ’s first playdate , it ’s about what I made for breakfast .
Or more accurately , what I did n’t make : baked eggs and busy stratas and quiche and baked French toast and winter fruit salads and anything involving jam on bread or plates and forks .
Because remember the part about the two infants ?
You ’d be amazed at how ineffective four whole sets of adult hands are at keeping two teeny tiny infants out of harm ’s way .
Thus when I spun the wheel of the Things I Want To Cook list and breakfast pizza came up , I knew it would be perfect for eating with one hand while fishing out a piece of Oh God , What Is That In Your Mouth ? with the other .
I was a little dubious about the intersection of mozzarella and eggs —
I had a very awful omelet with that combo , plus basil , a few years ago — and I was also convinced that the eggs would roll right off the crust but ended up finding this pizza absolutely , utterly perfect in every way .
The recipe is from The Big Sur Bakery in a treesy nature - loving part of the country I can barely wrap my head around right now , having spent almost the entirety of this last year in this concrete jungle and its suburban counterparts .
I digress .
The pizza is cheesy without being excessively so and somehow , that baked bacon / egg / melted pile does n’t even feel heavy with all of those fresh herbs and mild onions on top .
Plus , the pizza has this kind of grab - and - go , low - key vibe that is perfect for weather that demands you do n’t idle long inside .
Hooray for that !
One year ago : Migas with Tomato Chipotle Coulis
Two years ago : Roasted Acorn Squash and Gorgonzola Pizza and Hazelnut Brown Butter Cake
Three years ago : Strawberry Rhubarb Pecan Loaf and Italian Bread
Breakfast Pizza
Adapted , barely , from The Big Sur Bakery Cookbook via an earlier version of it
Makes 2 ( 12 - inch ) pizzas
When I asked what I would change about this when I make it again , I drew a blank .
I actually like it that much the way it is .
Nevertheless , the bacon could of course be omitted if you ’re bacon- averse , countless toppings could be added from spinach to mushrooms or sausage , you could swap some or all of the mozzarella for goat cheese and you could swap out some of the flour in the crust for whole wheat flour .
Although the recipe as is makes two large pizzas , I think it would be fun to make six smaller ones with one egg each in the center — plus , friends could choose their own toppings .
So “ drew a blank ” = okay , I have a few ideas .
But I ’m pretty sure I ’ll be making this exactly as written next time .
Updated note 10/17/13 : I love this dough recipe , but these days I almost exclusively use this Lazy Pizza Dough ( no kneading / proofing / chilling + you can choose the schedule that fits your day ) .
1/2 teaspoon dry active yeast
2 cups plus 2 tablespoons bread flour , plus more for dusting
Kosher salt
6 strips bacon
1/2 cup grated Parmesan
2 cups grated mozzarella
6 large eggs
Freshly ground black pepper
2 tablespoons minced flat - leaf parsley
2 tablespoons minced chives
2 scallions , thinly sliced
1 shallot , minced
The night before , prepare the dough : Place 3/ 4 cup lukewarm water in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a dough hook .
Sprinkle in the yeast , stir and let sit for 5 minutes .
Add the flour and 1 teaspoon of salt and mix on low for 1 minute .
Increase the speed to medium and mix for 2 minutes , then increase the speed to high and mix until a smooth dough forms , about 2 minutes more .
Turn the dough onto a lightly floured surface , divide into two equal pieces and form each half into a tight ball .
Place on a large floured sheet pan , place the pan in a plastic garbage bag , tie the bag loosely and refrigerate overnight .
One to two hours * before baking , place the dough in a warm spot .
Adjust the oven rack to the lowest position and set a pizza stone on it .
Preheat the oven to 500 degrees 30 minutes before you are ready to bake the pizza .
Prepare the dough and toppings :
Fry the bacon in a large sauté pan over medium - high heat until crisp .
Cool on a paper - towel - lined plate ; roughly chop .
Dip your hands and a ball of dough into the flour .
On a lightly floured countertop , pat the dough into a disc with your fingertips , then drape the dough over your fists and carefully stretch it from beneath to form a 12 - inch circle .
Generously dust the surface of a pizza peel or large inverted sheet pan with flour and place the stretched dough on it .
Sprinkle the dough with half of the Parmesan , mozzarella and bacon .
Crack 3 eggs over the top and season with salt and pepper .
Bake the pizza :
Shake the pizza peel slightly to make sure the dough is not sticking .
Carefully lift any sections that are sticking and sprinkle a bit more flour underneath , then slide the pizza directly onto the baking stone in one quick forward - and - back motion .
Bake for 8 to 10 minutes , rotating after 5 minutes .
When the crust is golden , the cheese is melted and the egg yolks are cooked , use the peel to transfer the pizza to a cutting board .
Sprinkle half of the parsley , chives , scallions and shallot on top .
Let cool for 2 minutes , slice and serve immediately .
Prepare the second pizza in the same way .
* The original recipe suggests that you take the dough out one hour before baking but I took mine out two hours earlier , because I always find it takes a looong time to get dough back to proofing at room temperature .
In this time , you can lazily prepare the toppings and get your oven nice and hot .
Do More : Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
Print
Email
What I 'm working on in Python , tips , observations , stuff .
Editor 's note : Andrew Wiest is professor of history at the University of Southern Mississippi , where he is co-director of the Center for the Study of War and Society .
He is the author of " Vietnam 's Forgotten Army : Heroism and Betrayal in the ARVN , " ( New York University Press , 2008 ) .
Hattiesburg , Mississippi ( CNN ) --
After the fall of South Vietnam in 1975 , U.S. Col.
Harry Summers remarked to his North Vietnamese counterpart , " You know you never defeated us on the battlefield . "
After a moment , the North Vietnamese officer replied : " That may be so , but it is also irrelevant . "
Although that blunt exchange took place nearly 35 years ago , it 's still worthy of close consideration in light of America 's wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Americans did win their battles in Vietnam , but , as the outcome of the war made clear , raw battlefield prowess did not lead to victory .
Why ?
Because the war there was not for Americans to win or lose .
It was a Vietnamese war .
Only South Vietnam had the capability to transform battlefield success into strategic sustainability .
In the end , South Vietnam had to be both capable and worthy of its own survival .
But , after the U.S. withdrew the bulk of its combat forces from Vietnam in 1973 , after more than 20 years of effort and eight years of war , South Vietnam only held out until April 1975 .
What went wrong ?
Why was so much sacrifice in vain ?
And what lessons might history offer to make our efforts in Iraq and Afghanistan less transitory ?
First , we must examine the old chestnut regarding the American understanding of the Vietnam War ; the idea that we simply backed the wrong Vietnamese .
The idea that , no matter what , the South was never viable .
South Vietnam certainly had its share of problems -- endemic corruption , endless political infighting , and a sense of nationalism so weak it could n't hold back a massive uprising .
For all of its failings , however , South Vietnam fought long and hard against difficult odds .
In South Vietnam , during 20 years of war , more than 200,000 people were killed in battle , as many as 1 million civilians died and 1.5 million fled the fallen country as refugees .
This is not the story of a nation that did not fight and was simply doomed to defeat .
Indeed , South Vietnam 's government and its military , though troubled , were arguably much more functional than those of the regimes in Iraq and Afghanistan today .
The real story of the Vietnam War lies in the flawed nature of the U.S. - South Vietnamese alliance .
Our raw power combined with their will should have produced victory .
The failures of the alliance were legion , ranging from a lack of reform on the part of the South Vietnamese to an overarching hubris on the part of the Americans .
The most significant failing , though , was perhaps the simplest .
In the end , the South Vietnamese military was not Vietnamese enough to survive our eventual departure from the war .
With the very best of intentions , American advisers in South Vietnam labored to create a military there that looked very much like the American military .
Flush with U.S. aid , South Vietnam built a military based on lavish logistical support and the primacy of overwhelming firepower -- a military that was only an adjunct to the American war in Vietnam .
The Army of the Republic of Vietnam was created to fight alongside its American sponsors in crushing battles of annihilation .
Battles , when all else failed , that relied on air - and artillery - delivered firepower to save the day .
What is often forgotten is that the plan worked remarkably well , as long as American forces and or support was close at hand .
But the South Vietnamese military was never meant to fight on its own .
Once American troops had gone back to " the world " and U.S. funding for the continuation of the war in Vietnam dried up , the doom of South Vietnam was clear .
The tattered , war - torn economy of what was , after all , a Third World nation could never hope to supply the needs , in either manpower or firepower , of its First World - style military .
The North Vietnamese invasion of 1975 found a South Vietnam littered with parked and unusable aircraft , tanks that quickly ran out of gas , artillery that could only fire a few rounds per day , and a demoralized infantry .
Today , Americans are urging the Afghans to fight alongside a major U.S. advance in the Helmand Province .
With the aid of capable U.S. advisers , and as the recipients of overwhelming U.S. logistical and firepower support , the Afghans will , no doubt , achieve some notable success .
But one day , possibly soon , American forces will withdraw , and -- good intentions not withstanding -- American funding for continued operations in Afghanistan will dry up .
We must ask ourselves , is the state and military we are helping to create in Afghanistan " Afghan " enough to survive very long after our withdrawal ?
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew Wiest .
Ralf Vandebergh ’s detail of an image he took on March 21 , 2009 showing astronauts working outside the ISS .
Credit : Ralf Vandebergh
Remember when it was a big deal when amateur astronomers starting imaging the International Space Station as seen from Earth , showing individual modules and other parts of the space station ?
One of the most proficient astrophotographers in that department has now just upped the game : Ralf Vandebergh has captured images of astronauts working outside the ISS during an EVA .
Vandebergh , who lives in The Netherlands , used his 10 - inch Newtonian backyard telescope to capture an image of STS - 119 astronauts Joe Acaba and Steve Swanson working outside the ISS to install equipment on one of the trusses during the second EVA of the mission on March 21 , 2009 .
Vandebergh told me he has been trying to image astronauts working outside the ISS since 2007 , but has n’t been successful until now .
“ In all opportunities I had until now , the astronauts were not on a visible part of the station , ” he said “ or they were in shadow or the pass or the seeing was simply not favourable . ”
Below , enjoy the video Vandebergh created about his extreme zoom - in handiwork , and his explanation of how he was able to take the images .
Nice job Ralf !
Check out his website of other telescopic spacecraft image here .
“ It was great luck they were working on the Earth - facing side of the port 3 truss on this spacewalk , ” Vandebergh said .
“ Why ?
This truss is a reasonable open structure , which means it appears a little bit transparent as seen from the Earth with the black space as a background .
This makes this particular truss ( and the Starboard 3 truss on the other side ) look considerably darker then the other trusses in the vicinity .
When a high reflective white suited spacewalker works in front of this truss , there is a very good
chance you receive light from it on your CCD .
By following very precisely the live station camera’s –
and helmet cam recordings on NASA TV , I knew exactly were to expect them on the image . ”
A three - year - old US toddler has died after shooting herself with a loaded gun that she mistook for a Wii controller , media reports say .
Cheyenne Alexis McKeehan , her stepfather Douglas Cronberger and mother Tina Ann were in their mobile home in Tennessee in south - east US on Saturday night when Mr Cronberger thought there was someone outside .
He took his unloaded .380 calibre pistol out of a cabinet , loaded it and left the home to look for the suspected prowler , The Tennessean reported .
When he returned , he placed the pistol on a living room table and forgot about it , a police statement said .
Mistaking the gun for a Nintendo game controller that she had been playing with for days , Cheyenne picked up the weapon and shot herself in her abdomen .
Her mother was just a few metres away on the computer , police said .
She was taken to hospital but was pronounced dead soon after she arrived .
" The big message we 're trying to tell parents is if you 've got a gun , put it up , especially if you have children , " Wilson County Sheriff Terry Ashe was reported as saying .
smh.com.au
Contact us if you would like to share any tree related information from your area .
SAVE ENDANGERED OLD GROWTH TREES AND FORESTS
This is a Flickr badge showing public photos from alberto - montt .
Make your own badge here
Cafes are still struggling to sort out their identities with everyone toting a laptop and wanting Internet access :
My friend Cyrus Farivar tipped me to a cafe near him in Oakland , Calif. , that 's trying not just turning off Wi -Fi , but asking folks to not use laptops at all .
( That solves the 3G card problem , too . )
The Actual Cafe 's owner , Sal Bednarz , posted a long entry on the experiment on a blog about the decision .
He noted ,
When I walked out into our dining room last week , and saw a sea of laptops , with tangles of power cords everywhere , and so many people wearing headphones , it really upset me .
And so I set out to figure out what was so upsetting , and why .
He goes on to talk about community - " we must each support it as individuals " - and then notes ,
If we lose money because all or most of our seats are taken by people who spend little money and much time , our business is at risk .
Cafes fail all the time .
When that happens , we all lose .
This story , which keeps getting written - although I claim dibs as first !
- resonates with people because it's about the erosion of conversation , communication , public space .
It 's about silencing voices .
A room full of laptops has the odor of a library , and people shut up .
( Update : The San Francisco Examiner takes a good look at this cafe and the context around its decision . )
When a coffeeshop opened a few years ago near my home ( not naming names ) , I went in the first week , and welcomed the manager .
I told her how happy the neighborhood would be to have a cafe right there .
Her reaction was pretty cold .
Over a short time , I discovered that the cafe and its hiring practices favored frosty hip .
The baristas have no charm .
The place is dark wood , low lighting , semi-uncomfortable .
It exudes , quiet , quiet , quiet .
I 've only been in there a half - dozen times since .
( I 'm not an annoying customer .
In another shop near an old office , I learned every baristas ' name , and won a free drink as a result , still am in touch with one manager , and helped get a friend hired .
They would typically have my favorite drink in process before I got to the register . )
Cafes like Actual Cafe want to create a third place for people , in which commerce is a component , but conversation is part of what you get .
You know the coffeeshops like this .
You want in and there 's a hum and a buzz , and a warm feeling , and the sound of the sssssshhhhhh from the espresso machine .
The coffee may be good or great , but you go because the vibe makes you feel more human .
[ Photo by Cyrus Farivar . ]
Fifty - two innocent people were killed in the bombings
It would be " impossible " to reveal secret MI5 files about the 7/7 London terror attacks , a court has been told .
The claim has been made at a hearing to decide the format of inquests into the deaths of those killed in 2005 .
Lawyers for the families of those who died argue the hearing should also look at whether the intelligence services could have prevented the attacks .
Counsel for the home secretary and MI5 argued examining MI5 's involvement was outside the scope of the inquests .
Four suicide bombers detonated their devices on three Tube trains and one bus killing 52 innocent people .
It emerged after the attacks that security agencies came across two of the bombers in 2004 while investigating other terrorist plots .
Developed vetting
But they were not considered to be of sufficient interest to be put under surveillance .
The hearing at the Royal Courts of Justice heard there would be no problem with providing highly sensitive intelligence material to the coroner and counsel to the inquests .
But any jurors could only see the material if they all underwent intrusive " developed vetting " and neither the bereaved families nor their lawyers would be allowed to see it .
Neil Garnham QC , counsel for the home secretary and MI5 , said the two official reports about the attacks by the Intelligence and Security Committee ( ISC ) - made up of security - cleared MPs - had adequately investigated MI5 's involvement .
The families want to know why the decisions were taken in the way they were , and to put questions
The coroner , Lady Justice Hallett
He added there was " overwhelming " public interest in not having top secret MI5 documents revealed in the hearings .
The coroner , Lady Justice Hallett , asked whether it would be possible to restrict the intelligence material discussed in the inquests to that related to the 7 July attacks .
She said : " The families want to know why the decisions were taken in the way they were , and to put questions . "
But Mr Garnham suggested a problem would arise because it was necessary to put the decision not to place the 7 July bombers under surveillance in context of all the other investigations MI5 was carrying out at the time .
He said : " It is difficult to see how that can be done without , metaphorically speaking , handing over the keys to Thames House . "
The coroner also revealed she went on the internet to read conspiracy theories about the attacks .
The hearing continues .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ignite is a series of speedy presentations
Presenters get 20 slides , which automatically advance every 15 seconds .
The result is a fast and fun presentation which lasts just 5 minutes .
Ignite events are held in cities around the world .
Find an Ignite near you , browse Ignite videos or start a new Ignite in your city .
BALTIMORE --
After twice reaching outside the organization to enhance their wide receiving corps , the Baltimore Ravens secured one of their own Wednesday night : two - time Pro Bowl player Derrick Mason .
Mason , an unrestricted free agent , agreed to a two - year deal with the team he joined in 2005 .
It 's a two - year , $ 8 million deal that includes $ 3.5 million in the first year , a league source told ESPN NFL Insider Adam Schefter .
Mason 's future with the Ravens appeared unclear after they obtained free agent wideout Donte ' Stallworth and traded for Anquan Boldin .
Mason hinted after the 2009 season that he might retire , and there also was a chance he would sign with another team .
But now he 's set to end his career with Baltimore , and his return assures third - year quarterback Joe Flacco a familiar target to go with Stallworth and Boldin .
" This is outstanding , just great news for the Ravens , " coach John Harbaugh said .
" Our coaches are happy .
Derrick 's teammates are happy and you know Joe is smiling .
...
We would have lost something special if Derrick had gone to another team .
We have gotten better in the last couple of days . "
The announcement comes just two days after Boldin signed a four - year contract with Baltimore .
Boldin had 84 catches for 1,024 yards and four touchdowns last season with Arizona .
The 36 - year - old Mason had 73 receptions for 1,028 yards and seven touchdowns in 2009 .
He started all 16 games and became the 23rd player in NFL history with 800 career catches .
Before the season , he announced his retirement and then returned during training camp .
Then , after the Ravens were eliminated in the playoffs by Indianapolis , Mason indicated he would again consider ending his career .
( CNN ) --
Two days before his official trip to Afghanistan , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad called the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , a " big lie " intended to pave the way for the invasion of a war - torn nation , according to Iranian state media .
Ahmadinejad , known for his harsh rhetoric toward the West and Israel , said the attack on U.S. soil was a " scenario and a sophisticated intelligence measure , " Iran 's state - run Press TV reported Saturday .
The assault was a " big lie intended to serve as a pretext for fighting terrorism and setting the grounds for sending troops to Afghanistan , " Press TV reported Ahmadinejad as saying .
It 's not the first time Ahmadinejad has denied a historical tragedy .
In the past , he has denied the existence of the Holocaust , which claimed the lives of some 6 million Jews during World War II , and suggested Israel should be " wiped off the map . "
" Today , " he said Saturday , " with blessings from the Almighty , the capitalist system , founded by the Zionists , has also reached an end , " Press TV quoted Ahmadinejad .
Ahmadinejad 's comments Saturday came just two days before his visit to Afghanistan to meet with Afghan President Hamid Karzai , according to the semi-official Iranian Labour News Agency ( ILNA ) .
Ahmadinejad has blamed the " problems in its eastern neighbor " on foreign troops there , ILNA reported Sunday .
The one - day trip is the first for both leaders since their re-election , ILNA reported .
Ahmadinejad 's re-election last summer prompted thousands to take to the streets of Tehran in protest .
Last week Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour signed House Bill 1456 , which would require anyone conducting autopsies in the state to be certified in forensic pathology by the American Board of Pathology .
The bill was a response to an effort last year by the state 's coroners to incorporate themselves into independent districts for the purpose of circumventing existing state law when it comes to death investigations .
Specifically , several coroners and district attorneys wanted to bring back disgraced medical examiner Steven Hayne to begin performing autopsies for them again .
Hayne was effectively fired in 2008 .
Department of Public Safety Commissioner Steve Simpson removed Hayne from the list of medical examiners permitted to do autopsies in the state after a series of troubling questions were raised about his work .
Two men convicted of murder in part through Hayne 's testimony were released after DNA testing in 2008 .
The Mississippi Supreme Court threw out Hayne 's testimony in another murder case because it lacked any scientific merit .
Both Reason and the Innocence Project have repeatedly documented Hayne 's incredible workload , history of questionable testimony , and dubious reputation among colleagues .
House Bill 1456 was vigorously opposed by Mississippi Attorney General Jim Hood , who circulated an email to friendly legislators asking them to defeat it .
In the message , Hood derisively referred to the legislation as an " Innocence Project bill , " and incorrectly claimed it would reopen old cases involving Hayne ( it wo n't — the bill only bars unqualified medical examiners from performing autopsies ) .
Mississippi should review the thousands of cases in which Hayne ( and his even more disreputable sidekick , bite mark specialist Michael West ) have testified .
But that is n't what the bill calls for .
It was also Hood 's office that issued a legal opinion last year clearing the coroners to set up their independent , Hayne - enabling districts .
The moment Hood 's office issued it , Hayne began circulating copies to friendly Mississippi corners , along with the forms needed to create the new districts .
The new bill also repeals the old law allowing adjacent counties to form new districts for the purpose of death investigations .
Hood 's efforts to resuscitate Hayne 's career are n't surprising .
The attorney general is a former district attorney who has used Hayne 's testimony to obtain convictions throughout his career .
Earlier this month , Hood tried to dismiss criticism that Hayne has been a shill for prosecutors .
The Sun Herald newspaper paraphrased Hood to say that Hayne " has also worked on the defense side of cases in which [ Hood ] was involved . "
In four years of reporting on Hayne and Mississippi 's forensics system , I 've yet to find a single case in which Hayne has testified for the defense .
I contacted seven defense attorneys from around the state for this column and asked if they could remember any such cases , and just one recalled a single case from the early 1990s that did not involve Hood .
I also contacted Hood 's office to ask for a list of such cases , and his office did n't return my call .
Incredibly , even as the debate over the new certification bill played out over the last few weeks , and even after all that has come out about Hayne over the last two years , Hood 's office this past month has been prosecuting yet another case in which Hayne was brought in to overrule the opinions of another medical examiner .
Last week , a Lamar County , Mississippi jury acquitted Jennifer Wardle for the 2002 death of her then - boyfriend , James Neal May .
Louisiana - based medical examiner Paul McGarry had ruled May 's death a suicide back in 2002 .
Hood 's office intervened , had May 's body exhumed , and brought Hayne in to take another look at the single gunshot wound to May 's head .
Hayne deemed May 's death a homicide , Hood 's office indicted Wardle for murder , and then tried the case itself , unsuccessfully .
Hood 's continuing obstinacy in this mess is particularly damaging given his position as Mississippi 's chief law enforcement official .
But the attorney general certainly is n't alone .
Mississippi has yet to take an honest assessment of just how much harm Hayne , West , and their allies may have done to the state 's justice system over the last 20 years .
Perhaps that 's because just about everyone who might have the power to push for such an investigation has their own complicity in the matter to worry about .
Most of the state 's judges are former prosecutors , which means that most used Hayne 's testimony to help them win convictions .
Between the late 1980s and 2008 , Hayne did 80 - 90 percent of the state 's criminal autopsies .
The state legislature deserves blame , too .
Even though the position is required to be filled by state law , Mississippi has n't had an official medical examiner since the last one resigned in 1995 .
Prior crime lab directors have told me there were years when the legislature did n't appropriate any money for the position , much less enough to actually hire a qualified candidate .
But there is some reason for optimism .
The new law effectively bars
Hayne from conducting any more autopsies , unless he manages to go back and pass his certification exam .
That it passed both houses of the legislature so overwhelmingly — by unanimous vote in the State Senate , and by 91 - 31 in the State House — and was signed by Barbour is encouraging .
Mississippi Department of Public Safety Commissioner Steve Simpson , the man who fired Hayne , has vocally opposed Hood 's efforts to bring the examiner back , and seems determined to ensure that the state 's autopsies are being done by reputable doctors in accordance with the standards set forth by groups such as the National Association of Medical Examiners .
( Simpson is also rumored to be considering a run for attorney general . )
The Mississippi media seems to be catching on , too .
Last week Sid Salter , the op - ed editor of the Jackson Clarion - Ledger , wrote a strong column calling for the state to reform its death investigation system and to provide adequate counsel to indigent defendants .
I 've done a number of radio interviews about my reporting in the state over the last few years , and this most recent episode with Attorney General Hood seems to have nudged many of the state 's conservative talk radio hosts toward a more skeptical view on Hayne , Hood , and the coroner system .
Mississippi at least appears to be close to stanching the bleeding .
But this wound has been open for 20 years .
The next step is going to be much more difficult .
The state first needs to review thousands of cases , criminal and civil , involving Steven Hayne and Michael West .
That will be time consuming , expensive , and tedious .
But even that wo n't be the hardest part .
If Mississippi officials really want to get to the core of the problem , they 'll take an honest look at the widespread and persistent institutional failures that allowed all of this to happen .
Courts , DAs , coroners , the legislature , professional organizations , the local media , even the defense bar — just about everyone came up short .
A thorough , no -holds - barred assessment will likely expose widespread and longstanding dysfunction in the state 's justice system .
But that assessment needs to happen .
When rot like this festers and spreads for this long , often the only solution is to tear down the entire structure , then build it back up again .
Radley Balko is a senior editor at Reason magazine .
As we noted last week , Liberty University has recently begun playing hardball and throwing its political weight around in anticipation of the upcoming Lynchburg City Council election .
Last month , Liberty was miffed when the City Council refused to designate Liberty ’s campus as the local polling place , accusing the Council of trying to disenfranchise Liberty students .
Shortly thereafter , Liberty rolled out a massive registration and get out the vote effort aimed at Liberty students and alumni , urging them to show up and vote in the City Council election in May in an effort to elect a Council more willing to do LU ’s bidding .
Then , last week , LU started pressuring the City Council to change its zoning status , arguing that the current regulations its faces are onerous , unfair , and stifiling its growth and upped the pressure by asking the Council to fast - track the request so that the change can be implemented before the May election , ostensibly to remove it as a possible election issue , though LU fully admits that it is more or less sending councilmembers a message that if they do n’t grant LU ’s request , they ’ll be voted out of office .
As LU is trying to publicly strong - arm the Lynchburg City Council , they are also secretly recording meetings between the University and city officials :
A discussion about Liberty University ’s zoning status heated up during a City Council meeting Tuesday when LU officials revealed they had secretly videotaped a recent meeting with the mayor and city manager .
“ This is pretty shocking , “ Vice Mayor Bert Dodson said .
“ I have a knot in my stomach that was n’t there 10 minutes ago , “ Councilman Michael Gillette said , adding he was dismayed by the lack of trust this demonstrated .
Dodson and Gillette both criticized LU for recording Mayor Joan Foster and City Manager Kimball Payne without their knowledge .
LU officials , in turn , said they made the recording in order to ensure there was an accurate transcript of the conversation and to guard against future misrepresentations .
LU Chancellor Jerry Falwell , Jr. is the one who authorized the recording , saying he did so because city council candidates have been misrepresenting LU ’s demands .
On February 27 and 28 Baseball Digest , FantasyPros911.com and BlogTalkRadio.com join forces for the second annual 24 - Hour Talk - a - Thon .
Last year 's show was an industry first , raising over $ 7,500 for Cystic Fibrosis .
This year baseball writers and the fantasy baseball industry team up to help raise funds for the non-profit organization , Operation Homefront .
Twitter ’s Ad Plan : Copy Google
What will Twitter ’s long - awaited ad platform look like ?
Something like Google’s .
That ’s the general description of Twitter ’s plan , according to people who have been briefed by the company .
Here are the very broad strokes :
Ads will be tied to Twitter searches , in the same way that Google ’s ( GOOG ) original ads were .
So a search for , say , “ laptop , ” may generate an ad for Dell ( DELL ) .
The ads will only show up in search results , which means users who do n’t search for something wo n’t see them in their regular Twitterstreams .
The ads will use the Twitter format–140 or fewer characters–and will be distributed via the third - party software and services that use Twitter ’s API .
The services will have the option of displaying the ads , and Twitter will share revenue with those that do .
Twitter will work with ad agencies and buyers to seed the program , but plans on moving to a self - serve model like Google ’s , down the road .
The caveats : Everyone I ’ve talked to cautions that the plans are evolving and that there are plenty of details to work out .
Including a launch date , though it seems as if the first half of this year is a very safe bet .
But at first blush , this seems like a relatively straightforward way for Twitter to get into advertising , without upsetting its growing user base :
You wo n’t see the ads unless you use Twitter to search for something , and Twitter ’s advertisers will have at least a vague idea of what you ’re interested in .
There are lots of gritty details that Twitter either has n’t worked out or has n’t disclosed to the people I ’ve talked to .
For instance :
How will advertisers buy and price the ads ?
Will they use a Google - like cost - per - click model or something else ?
Twitter searches are popular , but very crude .
Can Twitter refine them to make them more useful to users ?
Google ’s ads work because Google has reasonably good idea of both users ’ intent and identity .
Twitter knows much less about its users .
How can it gather enough data to make its targeting more meaningful ?
Twitter has been careful not to position its ad plan as the core of its business .
And the company has made a point of stressing that its initial ad rollout , like other initiatives it ’s launching this year , are merely “ tests . ”
That ’s one of the of ideas behind the $ 100 million funding round Twitter closed last summer–it gives the company the time to play around with different business models .
But this one seems to have plenty of potential .
By Crewman Becky | March 19 , 2010 - 10:48 pm
Hi corporeal beings !
Crewman Becky here .
Have you ever noticed that the universe has been nearly completely taken over by jumpsuits ?
I do n’t know about you , but I ’m not really a big fan .
Really , why are we wearing these polyester nightmares ?
Is it because “ everybody else ” is ?
Besides the obvious unflattering nature of the typical jumpsuit , they really are rather impractical .
For instance , I ’ve noticed that ( for the most part ) there is no way to quickly go to the space lavatory .
I mean , come on …you ’ve had one too many glasses of Tranya , Counselor Troi has kept you at the table all night droning on and on about how Mr. Homn keeps staring at her communicator badge , and how she ’s not sure how she feels about it .
You finally get up , tell her you ’ve got an early shift cleaning waste conduits ( not caring that she can tell you ’re lying ) , bolt out of Ten Forward , and just as you round the last corner to your quarters Commander Data stops you to get your opinion of his last poem recital .
When you finally reach your quarters , you sprint to the bathroom just to realize you do n’t have a fly to unzip .
Aarrghh !!!
There ’s no belt to unbuckle , no button to undo , there is n’t even one of those polyurethane “ wet suit leashes ” on the zipper running down your back .
At this moment you realize that despite serving on the USS Sansabelt , a jumpsuit may not have been the wisest wardrobe choice this morning .
So tomorrow , when you are getting ready for the day ’s duties , ( and planning your precise allotment of fluidic intake ) , pause a moment and consider what else you have in your closet .
Inquiring minds are investigating a 44 page PDF by the Center for College Affordability on why financial aid is ineffective .
Please consider Financial Aid in Theory and Practice .
Executive Summary
Financial aid programs are supposed to improve access and affordability in higher education .
The effectiveness of these programs is increasingly being questioned as college attainment figures stagnate and the financial burden on students and families continues to climb year after year .
This report identifies the main culprit for this unsatisfactory state of affairs as a misunderstanding of the effect of financial aid on schools .
Currently , financial aid programs take costs per student as a given , and attempt to offset some of those costs .
However , costs are not given .
In fact , it is widely acknowledged that colleges and universities are engaged in an academic arms race .
Thus , when financial aid programs make more money available to schools , this money is spent and results in higher costs per student .
The end result is more costly higher education , generally accompanied by higher tuition , which has negative implications for access and affordability .
Figure 5 : Financial Aid , Enrollment , Spending and Tuition , 1986 - 2007
The original theory of financial aid would predict that the increases in federal aid and state appropriations over the last twenty years should primarily affect enrollments and affordability .
Figure 5 shows the trends over time for a number of variables ( inflation adjusted where appropriate ) , each of which is indexed using 1986 as the base year .
Since 1986 , federal aid has nearly tripled , while state
appropriations ( total , not per student ) have increased by slightly more than 40 percent .
But enrollments at both two and four year schools have only increased by about 40 percent .
If one looks at graduates , rather than enrollments , the figures are even worse .
Moreover , the financial burden on students , as measured by the level of tuition and required fees , has almost doubled , as has spending per student .
Unintended Consequences : Ravenous Cookie Monsters Engaged in an Arms Race
Fundamentally , there are unintended consequences of the current financial aid system because from the perspective of competing schools , it does not make sense to take their costs , subtract the state subsidy per student , and charge the remainder in tuition ( some of the money for which comes from grants and loans to students ) .
Schools have an incentive to spend as much as possible , because spending is useful in building a better school ( or at least what appears to be a better school ) .
The ravenous need of schools for money was originally described as “ Bowen ’s Rule - All universities , and in particular major institutions with or seeking elite status , will use any and all funds they receive for the pursuit of perceived excellence and improvement .
” 17 Bowen ’s Rule has been confirmed by others such as Charles Clotfelter , who , as Rupert Wilkinson noted , showed that colleges “ increased their prices and general spending because they could get away with it – not to make money in itself but to buy the best of nearly everything . ” ( Emphasis original )
18
While spending money in the pursuit of excellence by universities sounds great — who does n’t like excellence — there is the downside that whatever they spend has to come from somewhere .
Indeed , the expenditure of additional resources is the same thing as raising the cost per student .
Thus , if the financial aid system allows for schools to acquire additional resources , it will have the effect of raising costs per student .
Thus , the original theory is in need of revision .
Instead of taking costs per student as given , the revised theory notes that financial aid can be expected , under certain circumstances , to lead to an increase in costs per student .
Specifically , whenever aid is made available to students who are already paying existing costs , it will increase their ability to pay , which is noted by colleges who in turn increase the price they charge these students .
The revenue is spent to improve the school , with the consequence that costs per student increase .
This increase in costs is typically accompanied by an increase in tuition , which has negative consequences for affordability and access .
Before moving on , I should point out that I am not the first to put forward a critique of the financial aid system .
In fact , quite a few people precede me :
“ If anything , increases in financial aid in recent years have enabled colleges and universities blithely to raise their tuitions , confident that Federal loan subsidies would help cushion the increase .
” 28
“ One result of the federal government ’s student financial aid programs is higher tuition costs at our nation ’s colleges and universities . ” 29
“ Ironically , federal programs in totality give incentive for institutions to increase tuition and to set high sticker prices .
”
30
“ Each institution faces the choice of maintaining tuition at the lowest possible level or of raising tuitions to ‘ harvest ’ the federal student aid as an indirect institutional subsidy . ”
31
The first statement is all the more remarkable because it was coming from the Secretary of Education at the time , and later came to be known as the Bennett Hypothesis .
It is perhaps the most widely known critique of the financial aid system .
The argument is that financial aid would increase the ability of students to pay , but that schools would see this and either ( 1 ) raise tuition ; or ( 2 ) cut back
on their own aid .
How Schools Spend Money
The University of Illinois spent $ 6 million on the Irwin Academic Services Center which “ helps only about 550 of the school 's 37,000 students ” because it is restricted to athletes .
But , “ at least four other schools have multimillion - dollar tutoring centers just for their athletes ” including the $ 12 million facility at the University of Michigan .54
Princeton built a $ 136 million , 500 - bed dorm ( $ 272,000 per bed , much more than the median home costs ) .
55 MIT ’s Simmons Hall cost $ 194,000 per bed.56
“ Framingham State College will spend more than $ 191,000 building a two - car garage and
stone patio for its state - owned president 's house …even as the college 's budget faces a potential $ 2 million cut ”
57
The University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey “ spent more than $ 80,000 in 2005 to shuttle the head of a volunteer advisory board from her home in Pennsylvania ’s Poconos to the school ’s Newark campus .
”
58
Ohio State University spent $ 140 million60 “ to build what its peers enviously refer to as the Taj Mahal , a 657,000 - square - foot complex featuring kayaks and canoes , indoor batting cages and ropes courses , massages and a climbing wall big enough for 50 students to scale simultaneously ”
61
The University of California gave 16 employees severance checks , and then rehired them .
In the most egregious example , one person “ left her old job on April 30 and began her new one on May 1 . ”
She was given the same salary , but managed to collect a $ 100,202 severance payment anyway .
And prior to this she was given “ a $ 44,000 relocation allowance and a low interest $ 832,500 home loan , for which she was not otherwise entitled .
” 62
In 2006 - 2007 , 293 employees at private schools made more than $ 500,000 .
“ [ T ] he highest paid college employee in the country was Pete Carroll , head football coach at the University of Southern California , with $ 4.4 - million in total compensation ( pay plus benefits ) . ” 63
The only large program that does not contribute to the arms race is the means - tested Pell grant program .
Email Regarding Pell Grants
Hey Mish
I live in Phoenix and have many friends working for the University of Phoenix .
there .
The big joke there is the Pell Grant .
Most first time students call to get it but never finish one day of class .
Because it 's a grant , they keep the cash and never pay it back .
Thank you once again for exposing the corrupt government policies involving student loans .
I also largely worked my way through undergraduate and three graduate programs .
When I was in my doctoral program we were able to borrow tuition - level amounts from Pell grants .
Those proved quite difficult to repay actually .
Just after I finished these programs the loan mavens raised the available amounts , made the loans immune to bankruptcy , and people began borrowing tuition and lifestyle support monies .
The part that you may not be aware of is that financial vampirism has now come full circle with many Universities FORBIDDING graduate students to have any part time employment .
They now MUST borrow a full ride .
At our hospital we have medical and other advanced students in trainee status .
The medical students tell me that they will graduate with over $ 300,000 in student loans and the Psychology students ( depending on their schools ) as much as $ 200,000 + in student loan debt .
This means that these professionals must find the most lucrative practice subspecialties to enter or they will never be able to repay these mountains of debt .
Many will fail .
The social stupidity of all this is unbelievable .
We have a generation of financially crippled professionals coming on .
We need these people in the areas of their training , particularly general practices , clinics etc. and yet many will not be functional because they will be fleeing from debt collectors or competing for scarce positions .
Many will simply become disillusioned and quit .
They will not be able to afford the amenities of life , having families etc. if they play by the rules .
On the government - public policy side we have malinvested gigantic quantities of money and degraded the resource , health professionals , that we were attempting to improve .
Sincerely
Art
Pell Grant Money Goes To For -Profit Colleges
Students are n’t the only ones benefiting from the billions of new dollars Washington is spending on college aid for the poor .
An Associated Press analysis shows surging proportions of both low - income students and the recently boosted government money that follows them are ending up at for - profit schools , from local career colleges to giant publicly traded chains such as the University of Phoenix , Kaplan and Devry .
Last year , the five institutions that received the most federal Pell Grant dollars were all for - profit colleges , collecting more than $ 1 billion among them .
That was two and a half times what those schools hauled in just two years prior , the AP found , analyzing Department of Education data on disbursements from the Pell program , Washington ’s main form of college aid to the poor .
This year , the trend is accelerating :
In the first quarter after the maximum Pell Grant was increased last July 1 , Washington paid out 45 percent more through the program than during the same period a year ago , the AP found .
But the amount of dollars heading to for - profit , or “ proprietary , ” schools is up even more — about 67 percent .
For -profits are also grabbing a growing share of loans subsidized by the government to help low - income students .
They collected about $ 7 billion in subsidized Stafford loans in 2008 - 2009 , up from $ 4.7 billion two years before .
Taxpayers subsidize the interest rate and take the hit when students default .
Nearly one - quarter of students at for - profit schools default within four years , more than double the rate of other schools .
Overall , the sector enrolled about 2.7 million students in 2007 - 2008 , the latest year with complete federal data available .
That was only about 10 percent of total enrollment in higher education , but it ’s about 2 million more than a decade before .
The numbers are even more striking for low - income students :
The number of Pell recipients enrolled in for - profit schools is 50 percent higher than two years ago .
A Real Solution
Students are n’t the only ones benefiting from the billions of new dollars Washington is spending on college aid for the poor .
students
SEE HOW MUCH
YOU CAN SAVE First Name :* Last Name :* State : Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut DistrictOfColumbia Florida Illinois Indiana Iowa Kentucky Louisiana Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Mexico New York North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Dakota Tennessee Texas Vermont Virginia Washington City : Phone :* Email :*
What 's total unsecured debt ? *
Select Amount None $ 5,000 $ 7,500 - 10,000 $ 10,000 - 15,000 $ 15,000 - 20,000 $ 20,000 - 25,000 $ 25,000 - 30,000 $ 30,000 - 35,000 $ 35,000 - 40,000 $ 40,000 - 45,000 $ 45,000 - 50,000 $ 50,000 - 55,000 $ 55,000 - 60,000 $ 60,000 - 65,000 $ 65,000 - 70,000 $ 70,000 - 75,000 $ 75,000 +
What 's total unsecured *
Select Amount None $ 5,000 $ 7,500 - 10,000 $ 10,000 - 15,000 $ 15,000 - 20,000 $ 20,000 - 25,000 $ 25,000 - 30,000 $ 30,000 - 35,000 $ 35,000 - 40,000 $ 40,000 - 45,000 $ 45,000 - 50,000 $ 50,000 - 55,000 $ 55,000 - 60,000 $ 60,000 - 65,000 $ 65,000 - 70,000 $ 70,000 - 75,000 $ 75,000 +
Type of debt :* Select Debt
Only personal debt
Only business debt Both personal and business debt ( Min.Debt : $ 5,000.00 ) Enter Captcha : Testimonials " I can not begin to express my gratitude for saving me several court appearances , garnished wages , and about $ 30,000 . "
- Mike Barrett
You handled this debt in a fast and cheap way after years of bill collectors trying to make us feel guilty of something we did n't create .
- Cesar Gomez Client settles $ 21,000 medical
debt on his credit card account .
Watch Video
FREE CONSULTATION :
1.800.213.9968 Home Contact Us Sitemap Debt - to - Freedom Plan The Debt - to - Freedom Plan is a debt negotiation / debt settlement program exclusively offered by Debt Free League .
The Debt - to - Freedom Plan aims to help consumers who were affected by a legitimate financial hardship , such as unemployment , divorce , medical problems , or loss of income .
Unlike a consumer credit counseling debt management plan , or debt consolidation loan , the bankruptcy alternative can provide more aggressive credit card and medical debt reduction .
The Debt - to - Freedom Plan also provides business debt reduction to help financially - challenged small business owners avoid Chapter 11 business bankruptcy .
Through expert debt negotiation strategies , the Debt - to - Freedom Plan aims to settle debts QUICKLY and CONVENIENTLY , reaching substantial reductions of the debt principal and interest rate .
The program accepts the following unsecured accounts : Credit cards
Department store cards
Collection accounts
Bank loans
Medical bills
Business Debt
Hospital Accounts
Personal Loans
Loans from financial institutions
Unsecured lines of credit
Debts post foreclosure
Debts post automobile repossessions
Creditor lawsuits
Creditor judgments
Mexican debt ( debts of residents Mexico or Mexican citizens issued by U.S. creditors )
Canadian debt ( debts of residents of Canada or Canadian citizens issued by U.S. creditors
For more information on the benefits of the Debt - to - Freedom Plan , please call 1-800-213-9968
THIS IS CNN ?….
If I did n’t get independent confirmation of this , I honestly would have assumed the announcement was some elaborate practical joke .
Alas , it ’s true .
Prominent conservative commentator and RedState.com editor Erick Erickson will join CNN as a political contributor , appearing primarily on CNN ’s new show John King , USA , the network announced Tuesday .
Erickson , a self described “ obsessive news junkie ” who grew up in Dubai and rural Louisiana , will also provide perspective and commentary on other programs across the network . [… ]
“ Erick ’s a perfect fit for John King , USA , because not only is he an agenda - setter whose words are closely watched in Washington , but as a person who still lives in small - town America , Erick is in touch with the very people John hopes to reach , ” said Sam Feist , CNN political director and vice president of Washington - based programming .
“ With Erick ’s exceptional knowledge of politics , as well as his role as a conservative opinion leader , he will add an important voice to CNN ’s ideologically diverse group of political contributors . ”
This is easily the worst decision CNN has ever made .
That the network probably reviewed Erickson ’s work before hiring him , and offered him a job anyway , suggests CNN ’s professional standards for what constitutes “ an important voice ” have all but disappeared .
The point here is n’t that it ’s disappointing to see CNN hire yet another conservative voice , adding to its already - large stable of conservative voices .
To be sure , it ’s frustrating , but it ’s nothing new .
The problem here is with Erickson himself .
For example , it was n’t long ago when Erickson explained his belief on why the left has a stronger online presence than the right .
He attributed it to an asymmetry in free time , since conservatives “ have families because we do n’t abort our kids , and we have jobs because we believe in capitalism . ”
This is the same Erickson who recently called retired Supreme Court Justice David Souter a “ goat f–king child molester , ” referred to two sitting U.S. senators as “ healthcare suicide bombers , ” praised protesters for “ tell[ing ]
Nancy Pelosi and the Congress to send Obama to a death panel ” ( he later backpedaled on that one ) , and described President Obama ’s Nobel Prize as “ an affirmative action quota . ”
And perhaps my personal favorite was the time , just last year , when Erickson was angry about new environmental regulations relating to dishwasher detergent .
He told his readers , “ At what point do the people tell the politicians to go to hell ?
At what point do they get off the couch , march down to their state legislator ’s house , pull him outside , and beat him to a bloody pulp for being an idiot ? ”
There was a point when major professional outlets would look at a voice like this as an “ extremist , ” to be shut out of the mainstream of America ’s civil discourse .
CNN , however , considers this record of radical rhetoric , and concludes it should pay him to offer on - air political commentary .
CNN will no doubt hear about blog posts like this one , and assume that liberals are angry because the network hired a right - wing blogger .
But that ’s not it — there are thoughtful , intelligent conservative bloggers in the country , who occasionally have insightful things to say .
The problem here is that Erick Erickson is n’t one of them .
This is a genuinely sad day for American journalism .
CNN ought to be ashamed of itself .
Update : Echidne reminds me that Erickson ’s utterances on feminists are also pretty astounding .
RachelZ3 said : [...]
Is it custom to go back further than the 15th century ?
I am new here , perhaps that is the case . [...]
Click to expand ...
some regional dialects
RachelZ3 said : [...]
Note that I am frustrated because the schools that have kilns are only pronouncing it with the n , and the dictionary is only providing the sound with the n .
This is killing off the 700 year old pronunciation , and it saddens me . [...]
Click to expand ...
some
Ws
Why settle on the 15th century ?
You can of course be selective with evidence to make any point you like , but looking at the bigger picture might be more appropriate .
As many sources show ( and as the very same writer of that forum post quoted bywent on to say afterwards ) , the word wasorin Old English in the early 8th century .
The presence of the final e indicates that thewas pronounced .
The spelling evolved ( via ) , and then 700 years later , in the 15th century , the - less pronunciation started to occur ( I suppose you might consider that a ' dumbing down ' ! ) .
We have no evidence that dropping thebecame standard , only that by the late 19th century it was widespread in .
That fact alone suggests that the pronunciation of theprobably remained as ' standard ' , at least in BrE .
It 's possible that the - less dialect version became established in some parts of North America ( depending , by area , on which English region the original colonists came from ) .
That statement , " We suspect theis now being pronounced simply because people read the word before hearing it and have no reason to assume that theis silent " , is simply the opinion of ' Melanie and Mike ' , who run the website from which it was taken .
Personally I suspect that theis now being pronounced because it 's always been there ( except for those who drop the , and their number seems to be diminishing ) .
Well , let 's look at that bigger picture .
Based on the evidence we have seen , thewas pronounced for at least 700 years .
For the next 500 - 600 years , people dropped the .
In the last 100 years or so , that - dropping habit has virtually disappeared in BrE , and is obviously lessening in AmE .
So perhaps you should n't be so frustrated or saddened .
Schools and dictionaries are simply recognising the normal and logical pronunciation .
Nobody should criticise you for using a dialect version if you want to , but maybe you should be just as tolerant of the perfectly ( and perhaps more ) legitimate other pronunciation .
This may be killing off a 600 - year - old ( mis ? ) pronunciation ( in round centuries , 21 minus 15 makes 6 by my counting ) , but it 's preserving the essence of a pronunciation that 's been around for 1300 years !
So , if you 're really a traditionalist , you should logically prefer the pronounced .
If you 're a ' modernist ' you should also prefer the pronounced ( the prevalent pronunciation of the present day ) .
If you prefer the localised variant you were brought up with , then fine , do your thing .
But it 's really not worth being sad or frustrated just because others are quite justifiably doingthing .
PS . I wrote most of this before reading your latest post , Rachel .
I 'm glad you 're feeling a lot better now .
We all know the iPad is eventually going to gain a camera at some point .
( Apple 's iPhones , iMacs , MacBooks and iPod Nanos have cameras , so why not ? )
The better question is when ?
An Apple job listing suggests not too soon .
Apple has posted a job listing seeking a performance and quality - assurance engineer for the " iPad Media " division to test still , video and audio capture and playback .
Sounds like a webcam for video conferencing .
" Build on your QA experience and knowledge of digital camera technology ( still and video ) to develop and maintain testing frameworks for both capture and playback pipelines , " the posting reads .
The iPad 's lack of a camera is near the top of critics ' lists of complaints about Apple 's new device .
Wired.com 's Charlie Sorrel believes
Apple omitted the camera in order to hit the surprisingly low $ 500 starting price of the iPad .
It appears evident from this job listing , however , that Apple is planning to include a camera in future generations of the iPad ( perhaps the second - gen ) .
Another clue was the appearance of a " Take Photo " button in the iPad 's Contacts app .
A hat tip to MacRumors for spotting this .
See Also :
Photo : Jon Snyder / Wired.com
Blog Feed Comments Feed More RSS Feeds
Senate panel passes Cybersecurity
Act with revised " kill switch " language
Last April , Sen. Jay Rockefeller [ D , WV ] ( pictured at right ) , the Chairman of the Commerce , Science and Transportation Committee , introduced the Cybersecurity Act of 2009 to his committee .
The goal of the bill was to develop a public - private plan for strengthening national security in the case of internet - based attacks .
But it stalled almost immediately because of a controversial provision that would have give the President unilateral authority to declare a cybersecurity emergency and then shut down or limit access to parts of the internet without any oversight or explanation .
A couple weeks ago , Sen. Rockefeller partnered with Sen. Olympia Snowe [ R , ME ] to introduce a major revision to the bill that , among other things , made changes the emergency “ kill switch ” provision .
The revision was adopted by the committee last Thursday and the bill was approved .
It ’s now ready for consideration by the full Senate .
The revised bill would require the President to develop an “ emergency response an restoration ” plan with the help of private industry and other government agencies , but it is vague enough that it does not actually limit what the plan can include .
The President would still have authority to declare an emergency and implement the plan without first seeking congressional approval , though he would have to report to Congress within 48 hours after declaring an emergency .
The revised bill also does n’t require the plan to be made public , so it could potentially give the President the same authority to restrict internet access as the original bill did , just without being explicitly and publicly stated in the legislation itself .
Below is the revised text of the section as passed by the committee — it only exists in .
PDF right now , hence the screenshots :
Mavericks ( Mac OS X 10.9 ) Update ( 23 October 2013 ) : Recompiled for Mavericks ( 10.9 , Build 13A603 ) and tested on my machine only .
http://www.gkoya.com/2013/10/23/locktight-one-more-final-update-for-mac-os-x-mavericks-10-9/
Snow Leopard ( Mac OS X 10.6.x ) Update ( 31 August 2009 ) : Recompiled for Snow Leopard ( 10.6 , build 10A432 ) and tested on my machine only .
LockTight for Intel ( v0.1.1 ) ( zip archive , 106 k byte file , HTTP download )
Sorry , there ’s really no support for this .
It ’s just a courtesy to other Mac users .
Plus , I am not a programmer … ;-)
When people “ Switch ” to the Mac , they often look for a one - keystroke or one - key - combo screen locker .
And they ’re often disappointed to find that the operating system only provides a two - click solution : add the Keychain Access menu item to the menubar , and then use “ Lock Screen ” .
So in came Menno Pieters , who built LockTight from Raging Menace ‘s SleepTight code .
… but it does n’t work under Mac OS X for Intel - based hardware .
Until now … because I got frustrated with myself for not having done it earlier …
Presenting the Intel - compatible re-compile of LockTight .
Menno ’s source code has been recompiled with XCode on an Intel based Macintosh , and contains all the original source code and licensing information as required .
LockTight for Intel ( tar , bzip .
88 kbyte file , HTTP download )
Nevertheless , this is being provided without any support statement and without any expressed warranty or merchantability statement .
It is virus - and malicious code- free .
NO WARRANTY
1. BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE , THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM , TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW .
EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND /OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM " AS IS " WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED , INCLUDING , BUT NOT LIMITED TO , THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE .
THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU .
SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE , YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING , REPAIR OR CORRECTION .
Astronauts give Endeavour full post - launch inspection
BY WILLIAM HARWOOD
STORY WRITTEN FOR CBS NEWS " SPACE PLACE " & USED WITH PERMISSION
Posted : February 9 , 2010
The shuttle Endeavour 's crew worked through the early morning hours Tuesday carrying out a detailed inspection of the ship 's critical nose cap and wing leading edge panels .
While it will take engineers another few days to fully assess laser scans and photography , no obvious problems were seen in the initial stages of the heat shield inspection .
Credit : NASA TV
" So far , the crew has been doing very well on orbit , they 've been adjusting fairly nicely and we 've been pretty much on the pace with respect to execution of the timeline , " said lead Flight Director Kwatsi Alibaruho .
" We 're looking forward to rendezvous and docking tomorrow ( with the International Space Station ) . "
Carrying a new habitation module and a seven - pane cupola that will provide bay window views of Earth and approaching spacecraft , Endeavour is scheduled to dock with the space station around 12:06 a.m. EST Wednesday .
Three spacewalks are planned to install and outfit the new module and cupola .
Early Tuesday , astronauts Robert Behnken and Nicholas Patrick inspected and checked out their spacesuits and found no problems .
Overnight Monday and into Tuesday morning , their crewmates used a 50 - foot - long instrument boom on the end of the shuttle 's robot arm to inspect the ship 's carbon composite nose cap and wing leading edge panels , which experience the most extreme heating during re-entry .
During launch early Monday , a camera mounted on the side of the shuttle 's external tank showed a strip of foam insulation falling away about two minutes after liftoff .
Based on a quick view of the shuttle 's belly when Endeavour separated from the tank , there were no obvious signs of any impact damage .
During final approach to the station late Tuesday , commander George Zamka will flip Endeavour over in a now - routine post -Columbia procedure that will allow the station astronauts to carry out a detailed photo survey of the protective heat shield tiles on the shuttle 's belly .
" So far , there is nothing that has been brought to my attention aside from the few pieces of foam we saw yesterday that would give us pause , " Alibaruho said .
" The data that we 've seen so far in the RCC ( reinforced carbon carbon ) inspections of the wings and nose cap , so far that data looks in family with the things we typically see .
Obviously , the engineers are going to be doing their analysis through the night to come up with some formal conclusions .
But we have n't noticed anything that really pokes out at us as being a significant concern .
" We 're looking forward to getting the ( rendezvous pitch maneuver ) imagery from tomorrow , " he said .
" Obviously , that 'll give us some more data on some areas of the spacecraft that we have n't looked at yet . "
Additional coverage for subscribers :
VIDEO : AMAZING LAUNCH FOOTAGE FROM COCKPIT CAMERA PLAY
VIDEO : TUESDAY'S MISSION STATUS BRIEFING PLAY
VIDEO : TIME - LAPSE OF WING INSPECTIONS PLAY
VIDEO : INSPECTION BOOM READIED FOR USE PLAY
VIDEO : PREVIEW OF FLIGHT DAY 2 ACTIVITIES PLAY
VIDEO : NARRATED TOUR OF ENDEAVOUR'S PAYLOAD BAY PLAY
VIDEO : FLIGHT DAY 1 HIGHLIGHTS MOVIE PLAY
VIDEO : THE FULL STS - 130 LAUNCH EXPERIENCE PLAY
VIDEO : SHUTTLE ENDEAVOUR BLASTS OFF !
PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : GO BEHIND THE SCENES IN MISSION CONTROL PLAY
VIDEO : JETTISONED EXTERNAL FUEL TANK TUMBLES AWAY PLAY
VIDEO : PAYLOAD BAY DOORS OPENED FOLLOWING LAUNCH PLAY
VIDEO : CREW FINISHES GETTING SUITED UP PLAY
VIDEO : ASTRONAUTS LEAVE CREW QUARTERS PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : CREW ARRIVES AT LAUNCH PAD 39A PLAY
VIDEO : ASTRONAUTS BOARD THEIR SPACECRAFT PLAY
VIDEO : LAUNCH REPLAY : VAB ROOF PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : LAUNCH REPLAY : PRESS SITE PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : LAUNCH REPLAY : PAD PERIMETER PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : LAUNCH REPLAY : BEACH TRACKER PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : LAUNCH REPLAY : PAD CAMERA 070 PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : LAUNCH REPLAY : PAD CAMERA 071 PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : LAUNCH REPLAY : UCS - 23 TRACKER PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : LAUNCH REPLAY : PLAYALINDA BEACH PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : LAUNCH REPLAY : PAD FRONT CAMERA PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : LAUNCH REPLAY : BANANA CREEK SITE PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : NARRATED REVIEW OF SHUTTLE'S PREPARATIONS PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : NARRATED REVIEW OF PAYLOADS ' PREPARATIONS PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : EXPLANATION OF WEATHER PROBLEMS PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : LOW CLOUDS SCRUB FIRST COUNTDOWN PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : ASTRONAUTS DEPART QUARTERS FOR PAD 39A PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : CREW GETS SUITED UP FOR LAUNCH ATTEMPT PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : PAD SERVICE GANTRY RETRACTED PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : TIME - LAPSE OF MOBILE TOWER ROLLBACK PLAY
VIDEO : INTERVIEW WITH COMMANDER GEORGE ZAMKA PLAY
VIDEO : INTERVIEW WITH PILOT TERRY VIRTS PLAY
VIDEO : INTERVIEW WITH MISSION SPECIALIST 1 KAY HIRE PLAY
VIDEO : INTERVIEW WITH MISSION SPECIALIST 2 STEVE ROBINSON PLAY
VIDEO : INTERVIEW WITH MISSION SPECIALIST 3 NICK PATRICK PLAY
VIDEO : INTERVIEW WITH MISSION SPECIALIST 4 BOB BEHNKEN PLAY
VIDEO : ENDEAVOUR'S PRE - LAUNCH NEWS CONFERENCE PLAY
VIDEO : THURSDAY STATUS AND WEATHER UPDATE PLAY
VIDEO : COUNTDOWN PREVIEW BRIEFING PLAY
VIDEO : ASTRONAUTS ARRIVE FOR LAUNCH PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : LAUNCH DATE SET AT FLIGHT READINESS REVIEW PLAY
VIDEO : PAYLOAD BAY DOORS CLOSED FOR LAUNCH PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : CREW SEES TRANQUILITY LOADED INTO SHUTTLE PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : SHUTTLE EVACUATION PRACTICE PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : ASTRONAUTS BOARD ENDEAVOUR PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : THE LAUNCH DAY SIMULATION BEGINS PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : PAD BUNKER TRAINING FOR THE CREW PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : CREW BRIEFED ON EMERGENCY PROCEDURES PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : TEST - DRIVING AN EMERGENCY ARMORED TANK PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : NIGHTTIME APPROACHES IN TRAINING AIRCRAFT PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : ASTRONAUTS CHAT WITH REPORTERS AT PAD 39A PLAY
VIDEO : SPACEWALKER UPDATES COOLING HOSE FIX PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : ROBINSON'S THOUGHTS ON SHUTTLE RETIREMENT PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : ASTRONAUTS ARRIVE FOR PRACTICE COUNTDOWN PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : TRANQUILITY DELIVERED TO PAD 39A PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : PAYLOAD TRANSPORTER GOES UPRIGHT PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : PACKING UP PAYLOAD FOR LAUNCH PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : SHUTTLE ENDEAVOUR'S FRIGID ROLLOUT TO PAD PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : ENDEAVOUR HOISTED FOR ATTACHMENT TO TANK PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : CRANE ROTATES THE ORBITER VERTICALLY PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : ENDEAVOUR MOVES TO ASSEMBLY BUILDING PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : TIME - LAPSE SHOWS ENDEAVOUR ASCENDING IN VAB PLAY
VIDEO : TIME - LAPSE SHOWS THE MOVE TO ASSEMBLY BUILDING PLAY
VIDEO : ORBITER READY TO LEAVE HANGAR PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : EXTERNAL TANK ATTACHED TO BOOSTERS PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : ENDEAVOUR'S MAIN ENGINE INSTALLATION PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : ASTRONAUTS VISIT THEIR SPACECRAFT PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : CREW INSPECTS MISSION PAYLOADS PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : FUEL TANK UNLOADED FROM THE BARGE PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : EXTERNAL TANK ARRIVES AT SPACEPORT PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : FORWARD THRUSTER POD CHECKED OUT PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : ENDEAVOUR TOWED OFF RUNWAY FROM STS - 127 PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : TRANQUILITY HATCH SEALED FOR LAUNCH PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : CUPOLA ATTACHED TO TRANQUILITY PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : THE SPACE STATION'S NEW CUPOLA PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : TRANQUILITY UNPACKED IN FLORIDA PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : NEW MODULE ARRIVES FROM EUROPE PLAY | HI -DEF
SUBSCRIBE NOW
A Nigerian man accused in the attempted bombing of a US - bound plane on Christmas Day was recruited by Al Qaeda in London and met a radical American Muslim cleric in Yemen , a top Yemeni official said .
Yemen , the poorest Arab country , was thrust into the foreground of the US - led war against Islamist militants after a Yemen - based wing of Al Qaeda said it was behind the failed bomb attempt .
" The information provided to us is that Umar Farouk [ Abdulmutallab ] joined Al Qaeda in London , " said Rshad al - Alimi , Yemen 's Deputy Prime Minister for Defence and Security .
Mr Alimi said that Abdulmutallab had also met with Muslim preacher Anwar al - Awlaki during his time in Yemen , referring to an English - speaking cleric linked to a gunman who ran amok in a US army base in Texas .
A Yemeni security official has said Awlaki was believed to have later died in a strike on Al Qaeda militants last month .
Yemen , trying to fight a resurgent Al Qaeda on its territory , launched an operation this week to root out Al Qaeda militants who they said were behind threats that forced Western embassies to close on Sunday .
The raid , which killed two militants , allayed US concerns and allowed its heavily fortified mission to reopen .
Yemeni Foreign Minister Abubakr al - Qirbi , whose country is also facing a Shi'ite revolt in the north and simmering separatist sentiment in the south , said fighting militants was a priority for Yemeni forces and rejected foreign intervention .
" We think this is the priority and the responsibility of our security forces and the army , " Mr al Qirbi told CNN .
Asked by CNN whether Yemen would accept direct US intervention , Mr al Qirbi said : " No , I do n't think we will accept that .
I think the US , as well , have learned from Afghanistan and Iraq and other places that direct intervention can be self - defeating . "
- Reuters
Featuring Simplicity & Flexibility Circumflex Web Framework is a minimalistic DSL for quick and robust Web application development .
It makes no assumptions of your applications and maintains limited feature set allowing you to use your favorite tools and libraries .
Due to its unobtrusive nature it also plays nicely with different frameworks and view technologies .
Read more →
Data Definition & Querying DSL Circumflex ORM is an Object - Relational Mapping framework for creating concise and efficient data - centric applications with elegant DSL .
The data definition DSL and querying API of Circumflex ORM closely resemble SQL — native language of modern databases .
Feature list includes : lazy and eager fetching strategies for associations ,
complex queries , including subqueries of all kinds , data manipulation statements and set operations ;
transaction - scoped and application - scoped caching ;
schema generation and data import from XML ;
and other cute stuff .
Read more →
Creating Meaningful Content Circumflex Markeven is a tool for converting semantic plain text into valid HTML markup .
It is based on Markdown , a famous tool ported to several languages , but has more strict stucture and improved performance .
Markeven is a “ golden middle ” in a range of markup technologies : from human - readable visually appealing formats which are hard for semantic analysis to strict XML - like languages designed for machines and barely legible for human being .
Read more →
Animals / ˈænɪm ( ə)ls /
Noun : )
1 . A living creature we often underestimate as being less intelligent than us .
2 . Majestic creatures that amaze us on a daily basis due to their loyalty , cunning , and ingenuity .
3 . The reason we have to hide when eating dinner or a treat .
Otherwise , we ’d have to share .
More
The potential eruption of Iceland 's volcano Katla would likely send the world , including the USA , into an extended deep freeze .
" When Katla went off in the 1700s , the USA suffered a very cold winter , " says Gary Hufford , a scientist with the Alaska Region of the National Weather Service .
" To the point , the Mississippi River froze just north of New Orleans and the East Coast , especially New England , had an extremely cold winter .
" Depending on a new eruption , Katla could cause some serious weather changes . "
Eyjafjallajokull , the Icelandic volcano that has continued to belch lava , ash and steam since first erupting last weekend , is n't the direct problem .
It 's Katla , the noisier neighbor , that 's the concern .
If lava flowing from Eyjafjallajokull melts the glaciers that hold down the top of Katla , then Katla could blow its top , pumping gigantic amounts of ash into the atmosphere .
Scientists say history has proven that whenever the Eyjafjallajokull volcano erupts , Katla always follows -- the only question is how soon .
" If it ( Eyjafjallajokull ) continues to belch , then you worry , " says Hufford .
What 's key in having volcanic eruptions affect the weather is both the duration of the eruption , and how high the ash gets blasted into the stratosphere , according to Hufford .
For example , he says , Mount Pinatubo pumped ash for two days in 1991 , and spewed it 70,000 feet into the stratosphere .
This dropped temperatures worldwide about four degrees for about a year .
" When volcanic ash reaches the stratosphere , it remains for a long time , " reports Hufford .
" The ash becomes a very effective block of the incoming solar radiation , thus cooling the atmosphere 's temperatures . "
Scientists are continuing to monitor Eyjafjallajokull for signs of further activity .
Contributing : Associated Press
By Doyle Rice
Corruption Investigation Germany 's Ferrostaal Suspected of Organizing Bribes for Other Firms
German engineering group Ferrostaal is under suspicion of paying bribes to secure contracts and of organizing bribery payments on behalf of other firms for a fee .
The case could have repercussions for the whole of German industry , says one former executive of MAN , Ferrostaal 's former parent company .
Blue - skinned people ?
Vampire Syndrome ?
When we were kids , we could n’t hear enough about illnesses , horrid medical conditions or weird diseases .
Not much has changed since then .
When we hear about an outbreak of a flesh - eating bacteria or some other rare sickness , we ’re fascinated .
But now we ’re also terrified .
Some rare diseases are very real and if you catch them , you ’re a goner .
Here ’s a list with 10 of the most rare diseases out there .
1 Elephantiasis : grossly enlarged members
Lymphatic filariasis , also known as elephantiasis , is best known from dramatic photos of people with grossly enlarged or swollen arms and legs .
The disease is caused by parasitic worms , including Wuchereria bancrofti , Brugia malayi , and B. timori , all transmitted by mosquitoes .
Lymphatic filariasis currently affects 120 million people worldwide , and 40 million of these people are seriously diseased .
When an infected female mosquito bites a person , she may inject the worm larvae , called microfilariae , into the blood .
The microfilariae reproduce and spread throughout the bloodstream , where they can live for many years .
Often disease symptoms do not appear until years after infection .
As the parasites accumulate in the blood vessels , they can restrict circulation and cause fluid to build up in surrounding tissues .
The most common , visible signs of infection are excessively enlarged arms , legs , genitalia , and breasts .
2 Progeria : the 80 - Year - Old Children
Progeria is caused by a single tiny defect in a child ’s genetic code , but it has devastating and life - changing consequences .
On average , a child born with this disease will be dead by the age of 13 .
As they see their bodies fast forward through the normal process of ageing they develop striking physical symptoms , often including premature baldness , heart disease , thinning bones and arthritis .
Progeria is extremely rare , there are only around 48 people living with it in the whole world .
However , there is a family that has five children with the disease .
3 Werewolf Syndrome : the wolf people
When two year - old Abys DeJesus grew dark , hairy patches on her face , doctors said she has a condition known as Human Werewolf Syndrome .
The disease is called werewolf syndrome because people with it look like werewolves – except without the sharp teeth and claws .
In Mexico , a large family of men had hair that covered their faces and upper bodies .
Two brothers were even offered a part in the X - Files but they turned down the offer .
4 Blue Skin Disorder : the blue people
A large family simply known as the “ blue people ” lived in the hills around Troublesome Creek in Kentucky until the 1960s .
They were the blue Fugates .
Most of them lived past the age of 80 , with no serious illness – just blue skin .
The trait was passed on from generation to generation .
People with this condition have blue , plum , indigo or almost purple skin .
( Source )
5 Pica : the urge to eat non -food substances
People diagnosed with Pica have an insatiable urge to eat non -food substances like dirt , paper , glue and clay .
Though it is believed to be linked with mineral deficiency , health experts have found no real cause and no cure for this disorder .
6 Vampire Disease : pain from the sun
There are people out there who go to great lengths to avoid the sun .
If they are caught in the sun , their skin will blister .
Some of them have pain and blistering as soon as the sun touches their skin .
Ok , so they ’re not actually vampires .
They do n’t drink blood and sleep in coffins , but they do suffer from a rare disease that has vampire - like symptoms .
7 Alice in Wonderland syndrome : time , space and body image are distorted
Alice in Wonderland syndrome ( AIWS ) , or micropsia , is a disorienting neurological condition which affects human visual perception .
Subjects perceive humans , parts of humans , animals , and inanimate objects as substantially smaller than in reality .
Generally , the object perceived appears far away or extremely close at the same time .
For example , a family pet , such as a dog , may appear the size of a mouse , or a normal car may look shrunk to scale .
This leads to another name for the condition , Lilliput sight or Lilliputian hallucinations , named after the small people in Jonathan Swift ’s Gulliver ’s Travels .
The condition is in terms of perception only ; the mechanics of the eye are not affected , only the brain ’s interpretation of information passed from the eyes .
8 Blaschko’s lines : strange stripes all over the body
Blaschko’s lines are an extremely rare and unexplained phenomenon of human anatomy first presented in 1901 by German dermatologist Alfred Blaschko .
Neither a specific disease nor a predictable symptom of a disease , Blaschko ’s lines are an invisible pattern built into human DNA .
Many inherited and acquired diseases of the skin or mucosa manifest themselves according to these patterns , creating the visual appearance of stripes .
The cause of the stripes is thought to result from mosaicism ; they do not correspond to nervous , muscular , or lymphatic systems .
What makes them more remarkable is that they correspond quite closely from patient to patient , usually forming a “ V ” shape over the spine and “ S ” shapes over the chest , stomach , and sides .
9 Walking Corpse Syndrome : they believe to have died
It is a syndrome of mental depression and suicidal tendencies , in which the patient complains of having lost everything : possessions , part of or entire body , often believing that he or she has died and is a walking corpse .
This delusion is usually expanded to the degree that the patient might claim that he can smell his own rotting flesh and feel worms crawling through his skin .
The latter phenomenon is a recurring experience of people chronically deprived of sleep or suffering amphetamine / cocaine psychosis .
Paradoxically , being “ dead ” often gives the patient the nation of being immortal .
10 Jumping frenchman disorder : weird reflexes
The main characteristic is that patients are extremely startled by an unexpected noise or sight .
It ’s not just twitching when someone sneaks up behind you .
Patients with this disorder flail their arms , cry out and repeat words .
First identified in some of Maine ’s lumberjacks of French - Canadian origin , the odd reflex has been identified in other parts of the world , too .
How can you tell the difference between a real report about online vulnerabilities and someone who is trying to scare you about the security of the internet because they have an agenda , such as landing lucrative , secret contracts from the government ?
Here 's a simple test :
Count the number of times they use the adjective " cyber . "
Nobody uses the word " cyber " anymore , except people trying to scare you and trying to make the internet seem scary or foreign .
( Think , for instance , of the term " cyberbullying , " which is somehow much more crazy and new and in need of legislation than " online bullying . " )
When was the last time you said , " I saw this really cool video in cyberspace " or " My cyber connection is really slow today " ?
Of course , no one speaks like that anymore .
The internet is no longer distant or foreign ( though it thankfully remains beautifully weird ) .
It 's familiar and daily .
It 's the internet .
It 's so ordinary , Wired.com stopped capitalizing it more than five years ago .
Need an adjective to describe something that is internet - based ?
Try " online . "
But when it comes to scaring senators , presidents and the nation 's citizens into believing the Chinese , the Russians or Al Qaeda are stealing all our secrets or bringing down the power grid , the internet somehow morphs back into " cyberspace . "
Here 's a good example of the " cyber " test from a pretty interesting story from The Washington Post about the National Security Agency disabling ( rather ineptly , it seems ) an online forum used by radical Islamic fundamentalists to plan terrorist attacks .
The Post uses the adjective 12 times in describing how the NSA and CIA bickered over whether NSA " cyber- warriors " should use hacking techniques to take down a message board that suspected Al Qaeda were using to make plans .
In a brilliant stroke of " cyberwar , " the NSA " cyber- operators " took down the CIA - sponsored honeypot message board where extremists were being monitored , somehow inflicting collateral damage on some 300 innocent servers in the process .
Forbes got into the " cyber " action this week as well .
Amit Yoran , a respected security expert who runs a company that sells computer security services to the government , wrote a long post on a Forbes blog this week to defend the concept of " cyberwar , " in no small part because this blog ranted about how that term is used to hype militarization of the internet and feed a new and very dangerous arms race .
Yoran says the debate does n't matter ( even as he falls firmly in the cyberwar camp ) , but what 's important is that everyone recognize that the dangers of underestimating online risks is worse than " the impact of misrepresenting or miscalculating risk [...] in the sub - prime market , " which led to " cascading global financial meltdown . "
Gulp .
That sounds scary .
Bad firewalls will lead to something worse than a global financial meltdown ?
( That sounds suspiciously like what Michael McConnell told President Bush to scare him into creating a secret government " cybersecurity " plan . )
Those looking for a reality check might check how many times Yoran uses " cyber " in the body of his piece ?
The answer : 42 .
( Yes , we think that 's funny , too . )
Yoran defines " cyberwar " as being launched via " cyber attacks " or " cyber exploitation . "
He defines the latter as " the compromise of these targets without their destruction or disruption , but rather through covert means , for the purposes of accessing information or modifying it or preparing such access for future use in exploitation or attack . "
That 's the very definition of what the NSA does – wiretapping abroad ( and sometimes domestically ) , finding ways to spy on electronic machines simply by capturing their unintentional electromagnetic radiation , and scooping up radio and satellite communications of allies and adversaries alike .
Yoran and Forbes also fail to mention that his company , NetWitness , markets computer security equipment to the government and has a vested interest in the outcome of this debate .
Yoran disputes that his company stands to gain if the " cyberwar " terminology wins .
" We 're not a government ' cyberwar ' operation by any stretch and have nothing to gain by the terminology I suggested in my blog , " Yoran wrote , saying that his company sells the exact same technology to corporations and governments .
" I do n't care what it 's called .
And think , if anything , the war implication is a bad one for many reasons . "
But for those who relish the idea of a new front for war , it 's way cooler and scarier to say we are in the midst of – and losing – a cyberwar , than to factually state that the Chinese want to steal our secrets and we want to steal theirs and we should have better computer security .
That kind of rhetoric does n't launch sensationalist – and often demonstrably false – scare stories in opinion - making outlets like 60 Minutes , The New York Times , The Wall Street Journal , The Washington Post and the National Journal .
No , when that kind of fear - mongering is needed to loosen the purse strings for computer security , only one word will do .
Cyber .
And it 's even better when repeated ad nauseum in front of Congress and at the country 's top security conferences by former and current government officials , even if those people could n't even enable MAC address filtering on their own wireless routers .
Or as the Beastie Boys might have put it a couple of decades later , " Our Backs Are Up Against the Wall / Listen All Y'all , It 's Cyberwar . "
Update : 3:40 PM
Pacific –
The story was updated to include comment from Amit Yoran and to correctly note that his company sells technology products , not services .
See Also :
READER COMMENTS ON
" My Appearance on Russian TV to Discuss ACORN ' Pimp ' Hoax ( U.S. TV Does n't Seem Interested ) "
( 12 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... PatG in SD said on 3/24/2010 @ 4:03 pm PT ...
It is beyond SHAMEFUL and OUTRAGEOUS that those Americans who wish to learn the truth must now go to RUSSIAN !!!!
news outlets and Scottish and Irish newspapers in order to escape the Matrix .
( If you are one of the unfortunate - who have not seen the movie , I urge you to see The Matrix . )
Here is an absolutely frightening story to make your hair stand on end from Scottish newspapers : http://www.heraldscotlan...stination-iran-1.1013151
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Mark E. Smith said on 3/24/2010 @ 4:53 pm PT ...
Thom Hartmann seems to have fallen for parts of the scam himself and does n't have all his facts straight .
Thanks for the great work you 've been doing on this , Brad .
This really should be a wake - up call for progressives and reformers trying to work within the system .
It is important to understand just how much power the rich and their front companies ( corporations ) really have in this country .
The media alone can make or break candidates and elected officials simply by slanting their coverage .
They do something quite similar to what O'Keefe did , in that the candidates they do n't like get negative coverage while the ones they do like get positive coverage , and it is all highly edited .
ACORN was one of many reform groups trying to work within our system .
The real problem , in my opinion , is that our system is not a democratic form of government .
So when people vote , it is n't just that their votes might not be counted , might be miscounted , or can be Constitutionally nullified by the Electoral College , Congress , or the Supreme Court , but that by voting , citizens are granting their " consent of the governed , " as the Declaration of Independence called it , to an undemocratic form of government , thereby legitimizing it and agreeing to be governed by it .
The reason that ACORN was so necessary , and why in Venezuela poverty is decreasing while poverty is rising in the U.S. , is because we do n't have a democratic form of government .
We have a Constitutional oligarchy .
I think that rather than consenting to it and hoping that it might stop the torture , wars of aggression , wars of aggression , and other unpopular policies , we should be opposing it and insisting on a real voice in government , not just a symbolic vote .
The real reason that Blackwater / Xe , despite horrendous atrocities , remains in business while ACORN went bankrupt ( as Hartmann alluded to ) , is that Xe is a tool of the oligarchy .
When ACORN registered poor people to vote , they has no idea that Clinton would push through GATT and NAFTA , that the Democrats would vote for everything Bush wanted and even take impeachment off the table , and that Obama would expand the wars of aggression and the bailouts to the tune of trillions of dollars more than Bush had .
Most of them hoped they were voting for change and reform , when they were actually consenting the status quo and agreeing to be governed by it .
Defense corporations have been convicted of defrauding the government many times and still get multi-billion dollar contracts , ACORN did nothing wrong and was driven out of existence .
In a democracy or a republic , things like that would n't happen because power would be vested in the hands of the citizens rather than in the hands of unaccountable corporate puppets who rarely even pretend to represent their constituents .
ACORN best virtue was that it was n't afraid of empowering ordinary people .
There 's another scam that FOX News and the corporate media are pushing , which is that if we had a democratic form of government right - wingers like the Tea Party might have power .
They 're actually a very small ( but very hate - filled and violent ) minority , and most of them would n't be active at all unless they were incited and paid to do so .
The right uses the mainstream media as a megaphone to attempt to appear larger than it really is .
The rich own the corporations , the corporations own the media and the politicians , and the voters do n't seem to mind .
I recently had a Progressive Democratic chide me because he felt that I was making democracy into a religion .
He , on the other hand , apparently does n't believe in democracy , or does n't think it is very important .
And he 's running for office as a Progressive Democrat .
Democracy ?
Who needs it ?
Just vote or run for office and let the torture , the wars of aggression , the bailouts , and the rigged elections continue .
If you 're a candidate , you can then speak out against everything your colleagues do ( before caving and joining them so as not to lose your seniority and committee assignments ) , and if you 're a voter you can then petition your " elected " officials the same way that the subjects of any tyrant can always petition their ruler .
What does it matter if you do n't have a real voice in government , as long as you can vote to consent to and legitimize the oligarchy and even strive to become a part of the oligarchy ?
Those who know that our Constitution was constructed so that the popular vote would not be the final say if the oligarchy objected to it , should stop encouraging people to vote .
Those who do n't yet understand the problem , should study the Constitution .
We can't hold our representives accountable because we were never meant to have that power .
Our votes can go uncounted because they were never meant to be the deciding factor .
Yes , I believe in democracy .
A pity that Democrats do n't .
After her recent title defeat to Amanda Nunes , Germaine de Randamie is ready to prove she 's still the No .
ACS : Law have been making news headlines damaging to their reputation ever since they started sending out thousands of threatening letters to alleged file - sharers in the UK .
Now they are threatening to sue Slyck.com , one of the Internet 's oldest file - sharing forums , because they do n't like what members have written about them .
Slyck.com is one of the longest - established file - sharing discussion forums on the Internet .
For the best part of a decade the site has been home to every part of the file - sharing community , from Napster users through to just about every other file - swapping mechanism on the planet .
While here at TorrentFreak we have published many news articles on the antics of anti-piracy lawyers Davenport Lyons and latterly ACS : Law , what many people wo n’t realize is that it ’s over on Slyck where the real meat of the ‘ backroom ’ discussions about this business have been taking place .
In Slyck ’s ‘ UK Filesharing Allegations / Lawsuit Discussion ’ section are multiple thousands of posts from those affected by these ‘ pay up or else ’ schemes .
It is from these forums that people have worked together to support each other and work out ways of fighting back against intimidation .
Many forum posters , with the help received on Slyck and these threads , have refused to pay up and have still not done so .
The value of these threads to letter recipients cannot be understated .
Herein lies the problem .
This forum has dramatically undermined the business model of both Davenport Lyons and ACS : Law because , quite simply , it enables people to stand strong and cut off the revenue source to these lawyers ’ clients .
And now ACS : Law have moved to do something about it through the legal system , claiming that some forum posts by Slyck members are harming their business , citing grounds of defamation .
According to site editor Thomas Mennecke , Slyck were told to remove three discussion threads containing more than 10,300 posts in their entirety by 4:00 pm March 12 , 2010 .
Mennecke says that ACS : Law cites just 11 posts as evidence of defamation .
One calls an employee of ACS : Law , Terence Tsang , a “ wanker ” and another describes the ‘ pay up or else ’ scheme as “ a wank plan ” while saying that ACS : Law are “ not the best at getting things right . ”
It is very interesting that ACS : Law have chosen these comments .
When ACS : Law first burst onto this scene , TorrentFreak contacted owner Andrew Crossley and asked him if there is a connection between his company and Davenport Lyons , since we suspected he ’d taken up the work previously done by the London - based firm .
He told us that connections were “ NONE ” – but sadly this was n’t true .
We ’ve long suspected it , but it was recently confirmed in an interview conducted by the BBC with Andrew Crossley that , “ Many of the cases already under way were passed on to ACS : Law by another law firm , Davenport Lyons , which originally began the claims . ”
In respect of the forum post about Terence Tsang , although we do n’t know what he does in the privacy of his own home , what we do know is that while he is currently working for ACS : Law , he previously worked for Davenport Lyons .
Furthermore , staff from ACS : Law and Davenport Lyons have all been seen together in court together , working on these cases .
So as the connections between the companies mount up , it seems that ACS : Law really are n’t the best at “ getting things right ” after all .
Needless to say , Slyck are n’t going to be bullied by ACS : Law and have refused to take down the posts .
You can read the whole sorry episode in Thomas Mennecke ’s article “ Wank Plan Goes Wrong : ACS : Law Threatens Slyck.com With a Lawsuit ” over on Slyck .
TorrentFreak has also been informed that a torrent of all the discussions is being prepared and will soon be seeded on every major BitTorrent tracker .
If ACS : Law have n’t yet heard of the Streisand Effect , maybe they should look it up .
The head teacher was told that attendance figures at the school were one of the main reasons inspectors issued the notice to improve .
But inspectors took into account data collected before the new head joined the school , figures which had not been commented on at all in the glowing 2007 report .
The old data failed to take in to account the improvement in attendance rates from 90 per cent to 94 per cent in the last year .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
An Italian court has convicted three Google executives in a trial over a video showing an autistic teenager being bullied .
The Google employees were accused of breaking Italian law by allowing the video to be posted online .
Judge Oscar Magi absolved the three of defamation but convicted them of privacy violations .
The UK's former Information Commissioner Richard Thomas said the case gave privacy laws a " bad name " .
The three employees , Peter Fleischer , David Drummond and George De Los Reyes , received suspended six - month sentences , while a fourth defendant , product manager Arvind Desikan , was acquitted .
David Drummond , chief legal officer at Google and one of those convicted , said he was " outraged " by the decision .
' Ridiculous case ' ANALYSIS Jane Wakefield , BBC News technology reporter
The guilty verdict has left Google outraged and much of the net community concerned about the ramifications
If firms can be held liable for every piece of content on their site they would face a nigh - on impossible job of policing and vetting everything before publication .
Many question how the Italian prosecutors decided which employees to target and most agree the four it settled on were random choice with none living in Italy or having direct responsibility for the video in question .
George De Los Reyes was Google 's chief financial officer but no longer even works for the firm .
Google says it has no plans to pull out of Italy and that it will vigorously appeal the case .
At the moment there is no indication that a similar case could or would be brought in any other European country .
Italy does seem determined to pursue such cases though and similar ones are ongoing against other net giants , such as eBay , Yahoo and Facebook .
Its motives in pursuing such cases are less clear .
" I intend to vigorously appeal this dangerous ruling .
It sets a chilling precedent , " he said .
" If individuals like myself and my Google colleagues who had nothing to do with the harassing incident , its filming or its uploading onto Google Video can be held criminally liable solely by virtue of our position at Google , every employee of any internet hosting service faces similar liability , " he added .
Peter Fleischer , privacy counsel at Google , questioned how many internet platforms would be able to continue if the decision held .
" I realise I am just a pawn in a large battle of forces , but I remain confident that today 's ruling will be over - turned on appeal , " he said .
Richard Thomas , the UK's former information commissioner and consultant to privacy law firm Hunton & Williams , said the case was " ridiculous " .
" It is like prosecuting the post office for hate mail that is sent in the post , " he told BBC News .
" I can't imagine anything similar happening in this country .
The case was n't brought by the Italian equivalent of the information commissioner but by criminal prosecutors and we do n't know their motives .
" I find it worrying that the chief privacy officer who had nothing to do with the video has been found guilty .
It is unrealistic to expect firms to monitor everything that goes online . "
Seeking consent
The verdict is likely to have ramifications for content providers around the globe .
Google said at the trial that pre-screening all YouTube content was impossible .
The video at the centre of the case was posted on Google Video in 2006 shortly before the firm acquired YouTube .
Prosecutors argued that Google broke Italian privacy law by not seeking the consent of all the parties involved before allowing it to go online .
Google 's lawyers said that the video was removed as soon as it was brought to its attention and that the firm also provided information on who posted it .
As a result four students were expelled from their school in Turin , northern Italy .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In this photoshop text effect tutorial we ’ll be creating a grungy , burnt wood text treatment .
We ’ll go over some basic blending modes and use some filters and layer styles to create a look that would be perfect for a Hollywood movie poster .
In this photoshop text effect tutorial we ’ll be creating a grungy , burnt wood text treatment .
We ’ll go over some basic blending modes and use some filters and layer styles to create a look that would be perfect for a Hollywood movie poster .
Looking for more photoshop text effects ?
Check out this Graffiti Text Effect Tutorial
Final Image Preview
Our finished product will be a nice burnt wood text treatment cleared out of a charred and smokey piece of aged wood .
Gathering Materials
Just a couple of downloads required for this tutorial .
And they ’re both free :
Wood texture by Beyond - Oddities ( available at Deviant Art )
Rough Edges brush pack from Brusheezy
Step 1
The first thing we need is the background texture .
I ’m using a roughed up wood image created by Beyond - Oddities .
Open the texture in photoshop .
I resized my texture to 1200 ×800 for a more manageable file size .
Step 2
Now we need to add some text .
Select a brown color ( I ’m using # 47e490e ) and type out some text .
I ’m also using Arial Black for a nice bold typeface .
Step 3
We ’re going to work our way from the outside inwards .
Let ’s first create the singed effect surrounding the actual text .
Command + Click the Text Layer to Make a selection of the outline of the text .
Step 4
From the Select Menu choose Modify > Expand .
Expand the selection by 25 px .
Step 5
Create a new layer ( “ singed ” ) with this layer selected fill the selection with a dark gray ( #222222 ) .
This will be used for the singed area around the burn text .
Step 6
Now we need to bring some life to the singe with a few filters .
First clear the selection by pressing Command + D. With the “ singed ” layer selected , choose Filter > Blur > Gaussian Blur .
Add a 1.8 Radius Gaussian Blur .
This will help take away the hard edge .
Step 7
Next we need to add some variation with a wind effect .
With the “ singed ” layer still selected , choose Filter > Stylize >
Wind .
Set the direction to “ from the left . ”
Step 8
Apply the same filter , this time with the direction “ from the right . ”
Now we have a nice grainy look to complement the burnt text .
Step 9
Change the blending mode of the “ singe ” layer to Color Burn and set the opacity to 30 % .
We just want the hint of burning .
Step 10
Now let ’s focus on the main text .
Change the blending mode of your text layer to multiply .
Now you can start to see our burn effect .
Step 11
Let ’s add an inner glow to emphasize the burn .
Double click the layer to bring up the layer styles .
Select “ inner glow ” and apply the following settings :
Blend Mode : Multiply
Opacity : 60 %
Color : # 111111
Size : 21px
Step 12
Now we ’ve got nice burned in text but it still looks to clean .
We ’re going to add some textured roughness to the edges .
Add a vector mask to the text layer by clicking on the “ add vector mask ” at the bottom of the layer panel .
Step 13
Download and open the Rough Edges brush set from Brusheezy .
Step 14
Choose the 433 horizontal brush .
With the layer mask selected and black set as your primary color , roughen up the edges of the text .
Step 15
Rotate the brush and continue around the edges until you have a nice roughed up burn .
Step 16
Let ’s finish up by adding a charred effect to the background .¬†
Set your foreground color to black and your background color to white .
Create a new layer called “ charred . ”
Go to Filter > Render >
Clouds .
Set the blending mode of this new layer to Multiply .
Step 17
With the charred layer selected , grab a large , roughed up eraser and clean up the area around the text .
Step 18
Let ’s make the entire image pop .
Create a new Levels adjustment layer ( Layer > Adjustment Layer > Levels ) .
Set the Black input level to 15 and the white input level to 223 .
Final Image
And we ’re done .
A smokey burnt text treatment ready for your next project .
I hope you enjoyed this tutorial and maybe picked up a technique or two .
Let me know what you think in the comments below .
Share it With Your Friends :
Want More ?
Subscribe and We'll Deliver it to You .
Es sind ein paar hundert Meter Luftlinie vom Axel - Springer - Platz in Berlin bis zur griechischen Botschaft in der Jägerstraße .
Wenn man also bei der Bild - Zeitung arbeiten würde und die Aufgabe hätte , die Finanzkrise in Griechenland zu beschreiben , dann könnte man – wenn man denn verschiedene Meinungen zu den Hintergründen einholen wollte – zu Fuß hingehen .
Aber man müsste nicht einmal das tun , man könnte auch anrufen .
Die Botschaft hat ein Pressebüro , und der Bild - Reporter könnte sich durchstellen lassen zu dem Leiter dieses Büros .
Das dauert ein paar Sekunden .
Und könnte schon ein paar Dinge ins Wanken bringen , die in der Bild - Zeitung in den letzten Tagen behauptet wurden .
Der Leiter des Pressebüros der griechischen Botschaft in Berlin ist 1945 geboren , wenn es also stimmen würde , was in der Bild - Zeitung steht , dass nämlich griechische Beamte spätestens mit Mitte fünfzig in Rente gehen , dann dürfte er da gar nicht sitzen .
Er würde dann seit mehr als zehn Jahren seine Rente genießen , die ja nach den Recherchen der Bild - Zeitung fast 100 Prozent seines Gehaltes ausmacht – wobei in der Bild nicht steht , dass es sich dabei nur um das Grundgehalt handelt , während das , was sie tatsächlich überwiesen bekommen , in weiten Teilen Zuschläge sind .
Die Diplomaten an der Botschaft werden in Wahrheit bestenfalls 15 oder 20 Prozent ihres Gehaltes als Rente bekommen , wenn überhaupt .
So wie alle diese griechischen Beamten , von denen die Bild - Zeitung und andere gerade behaupten , sie wären es , die ein winzig kleines Land am Rande Europas nah an den Ruin getrieben haben , und nicht die schwerste Wirtschaftskrise seit Jahrzehnten .
Wenigstens einen Dienstwagen wird man beim Presserat der Botschaft dann aber doch wenigstens vermuten dürfen , wo doch Griechenlands Beamte und Politiker angeblich die unglaubliche Zahl von 50.000 Autos unterhalten , die in der Bild immer im Zusammenhang mit den 300 Parlamentariern genannt werden , so als würde jeder von ihnen hunderte unterhalten .
Aber nicht einmal das könnte man bei seinem Rechercheanruf bestätigen , denn der Leiter des Büros – der erste Ansprechpartner , den man am Telefon hätte , wenn man der Gegenseite auch nur die Chance einräumen wollte , etwas zu sagen – fährt nur seinen eigenen Kleinwagen .
Einen aus deutscher Produktion .
So geht es weiter mit jedem Fakt , der da in die Welt geblasen wird , als neu oder sensationell verkauft , als Grund für die Misere .
Es wird das Bild gemalt von einer Nation , die in fauler Gier anstatt zu arbeiten lieber die EU ausgenommen hat und jetzt überversorgt und fett am Strand liegt , während in Deutschland hart gearbeitet wird , um ihnen das Geld hinterher zu werfen .
Natürlich braucht man keinen Nobelpreis , um zu erkennen , dass es so nicht stimmt .
Man braucht gerade mal ein Gehirn .
Ich bin der Sohn eines Griechen , der während der Militärdiktatur nach Deutschland emigriert ist , und nach dem Ende der Junta in den griechischen Staatsdienst gegangen ist , weil er gelernt hat , dass Demokratie etwas ist , das man sich jeden Tag erarbeiten muss .
Und ich habe in meinem ganzen Leben noch nie einen Menschen getroffen , der auch nur annähernd so viel arbeitet wie mein Vater .
Heute liest er offene Briefe in der Bild - Zeitung , im Stern und wo nicht noch alles , in denen Journalisten Deutschland zur reichen Tante fantasieren , die jetzt aber streng mit ihrem frechen Neffen sein muss , weil der so unverantwortlich mit ihrem Geld herumwirft .
Ich bin selbst Journalist und ich schäme mich , wenn ich daran denke , dass mein Vater das liest .
Aber den schlimmsten Moment hatte ich in den letzten Tagen , als ich in der Bild einen perfiden Artikel über die Frage gelesen habe : „ Schuldet Deutschland Griechenland noch Reparationszahlungen aus dem Krieg ? “ – und natürlich zu dem Schluss kam , das wäre vertraglich alles längst geregelt .
Plötzlich waren da Fakten wichtig und Zahlen .
Aber hier ist noch ein Fakt , eine Tatsache , eine von mir , also einem Europäer mit einem Griechen als Vater und einer Deutschen als Mutter , einem deutschen Großvater mit einer dreistelligen NSDAP - Mitgliedsnummer und einem griechischen , der von der Gestapo im besetzten Griechenland gefoltert wurde , weil seine ältesten Söhne im Widerstand waren .
Sie haben beide Tagebuch geführt .
Die von meinem deutschen Opa liegen hier neben mir , gemeinsam mit seinem Ritterkreuz : Eine weinerliche Reihe von Rechtfertigungen und eine sehr genaue Buchführung über seine Ausgaben zu der Zeit .
Das Tagebuch meines anderen Großvaters kenne ich nur in Auszügen :
In einem großen Vater - Sohn - Moment hat mir mein Vater einmal daraus vorgelesen .
Von den Misshandlungen , die er – ganz Intellektueller , der er war – ungeheuer sachlich und distanziert beschreibt .
Natürlich hat mein griechischer Großvater nie Reparation verlangt für das , was man ihm angetan hat .
Es ist nie jemand dafür zur Rechenschaft gezogen worden , und er hegte offensichtlich trotzdem keinen Groll : Er schickte meinen Vater auf die Deutsche Schule in Athen .
Weil es eine gute Schule war .
Und weil die deutsche Kultur für ihn tiefer ging als das , was er selbst erleben musste .
Ich kann die Verachtung nicht in Worte fassen , die ich für die Kollegen mit ihren offenen Briefen empfinde , die sich ohne jede Recherche einen demütigenden
Witz nach dem anderen aus den Fingern gesaugt haben , die sehenden Auges Vorurteile bis hin zum rassistischen Hass geschürt haben und die dabei nichts erreicht haben als den Zockern in den entsprechenden Investmentbanken noch ein bisschen in die Hände zu spielen .
Es ist kein Geheimnis : Mein Vater leitet das Pressebüro der griechischen Botschaft in Berlin .
Ich nehme an , es ist sein letzter Posten bevor er mit 67 oder 68 endlich in Rente gehen kann .
Er hat nie und würde nie etwas Schlechtes über einen Journalisten sagen , nicht einmal mir , nicht einmal privat .
Er sieht das nicht als seine Aufgabe .
Stattdessen arbeitet er dafür , dass die Öffentlichkeit des Landes , in dem er gerade Dienst tut , auch die griechische Seite hört .
Und ich war lange unendlich stolz darauf , dass in meiner Familie innerhalb einer Generation auf den Nazi - Opa mein Vater folgt , der das Bundesverdienstkreuz für besondere Verdienste um die deutsch - griechischen Beziehungen verliehen bekommen hat .
Aber ich bin auch Deutscher und Journalist .
Und ich schäme mich .
Weil ich weiß , wie einfach es gewesen wäre , ein einziges Mal anzurufen .
We are a Forest Hills law firm offering a variety of legal services to clients .
We regularly represent people in New York ’s Supreme Court , Criminal Court , Family Court , Probate Court and Civil Court , as well as federal courts throughout the five boroughs of the city of New York and the surrounding counties .
For the experienced , compassionate and distinguished legal team that can get results in your case , contact our Queens - area law firm .
We are here to guide you toward a favorable resolution no matter what challenges have come your way .
It ’s Not About Us —
It ’s About Helping You
Our firm has been recognized in the legal community for positive results and client - focused representation in a wide range of legal matters .
Criminal Defense to Keep You Out of Trouble
The criminal justice system feels unforgiving and overwhelming to the accused .
Our federal and state criminal defense practice offers the aggressive New York City representation necessary to take on tough opponents like law enforcement and prosecutors .
Ultimately , we aim to reduce charges , reduce sentences and pursue case dismissals so our clients get a second chance .
Personal Injury Representation to Help You Recover
Dealing with insurance companies and negligent parties makes recovering after a personal injury even more difficult than it already is .
Whether you were hurt in a car accident or from an unsafe premises in New York , our attorneys can make sure you get the compensation you need to move forward .
Family Law Counsel to Protect Your Family ’s Future
If your home and personal life are going through a change , it is important to have an experienced attorney who can make sure child custody , support payments and property agreements are made in your best interest .
We understand the difficult nature of these family law issues and can help guide you toward a favorable resolution .
General Practice to Resolve Unexpected Legal Obstacles
Life will inevitably throw curveballs at you , and when it does , you should have a trusted legal team to turn to — one that knows you and understands your perspective .
We can be your go - to law office whether you need help with estate planning matters , real estate transactions , negligence defense or dispute resolution and general litigation .
Meet Our Team : Offering Experience , Accessibility and Results
At Tarshis & Hammerman , we understand legal procedure .
We understand the law .
Protecting our clients ’ rights is paramount to us .
Our attorneys are recognized as leaders in New York City legal representation :
Stuart Tarshis is a former prosecutor who rose to bureau chief in the office of the Kings County District Attorney .
is a former prosecutor who rose to bureau chief in the office of the Kings County District Attorney .
Michael Hammerman rose to become a bureau chief in both the Kings and Queens County District Attorneys ’ Offices .
rose to become a bureau chief in both the Kings and Queens County District Attorneys ’
Offices .
Roberta E. Tarshis heads our firm ’s civil defense department , providing negligence defense and legal counsel to major corporate clients , real estate companies , entertainment venues and institutions of higher education .
Named One of New York ’s Top Ten Litigation Firms : Our Queens law firm was named one of New York ’s Top Ten Litigation Firms in 2005 by the New York Law Journal .
We treat every individual case as if it were our only case , giving you the personal attention you deserve .
You will have 24/7 access to our lawyers and will benefit from our more than 40 years of experience and our ability to get positive results .
Contact an Experienced New York City Lawyer Today
We pride ourselves in providing high - quality customer service and sound legal advice at a reasonable cost .
To schedule a free initial consultation to discuss your particular legal needs , please call 877-730-2955 or contact our Queens law firm online .
The most current version of this document can be found at http://www.augustcouncil.com/~tgibson/tutorial/.
Please contact me with any errata , comments , suggested changes , or improvements : Send email to tgibson @ augustcouncil.com Copyright 2001 - 2016 Todd A. Gibson .
All Rights Reserved .
While this document is copyright by me with all rights reserved , permission is granted to freely distribute verbatim copies of this document provided that no modifications outside of formatting be made , and that this notice remain intact .
Pointers
The source code to all code listings is available as a tarball and as a zip file .
Using Variables
Essentially , the computer 's memory is made up of bytes .
Each byte has a number , an address , associated with it .
The picture below represents several bytes of a computer 's memory .
In the picture , addresses 924 thru 940 are shown .
Try :
C Code Listing 1
1:#include < stdio.h > 2:int main ( ) 3 : { 4 : float fl=3.14 ; 5 : printf ( " %.2f
" , fl ) ; 6 : return 0 ; 7:}
C++ Code Listing 1
1:#include < iostream > 2:int main ( ) 3 : { 4 : float fl=3.14 ; 5 : std::cout << fl << std::endl ; 6 : return 0 ; 7:}
At line ( 4 ) in the program above , the computer reserves memory for fl .
In our examples , we 'll assume that a float requires 4 bytes .
Depending on the computer 's architecture , a float may require 2 , 4 , 8 or some other number of bytes .
When fl is used in line ( 5 ) , two distinct steps occur :
The program finds and grabs the address reserved for fl -- in this example 924 .
The contents stored at that address are retrieved
To generalize , whenever any variable is accessed , the above two distinct steps occur to retrieve the contents of the variable .
The illustration that shows 3.14 in the computer 's memory can be misleading .
Looking at the diagram , it appears that " 3 " is stored in memory location 924 , " . " is stored in memory location 925 , " 1 " in 926 , and " 4 " in 927 .
Keep in mind that the computer actually uses an algorithm to convert the floating point number 3.14 into a set of ones and zeros .
Each byte holds 8 ones or zeros .
So , our 4 byte float is stored as 32 ones and zeros ( 8 per byte times 4 bytes ) .
Regardless of whether the number is 3.14 , or - 273.15 , the number is always stored in 4 bytes as a series of 32 ones and zeros .
Separating the Steps
Two operators are provided that , when used , cause these two steps to occur separately .
operator meaning example & do only step 1 on a variable &fl * do step 2 on a number ( address ) * some_num
Try this code to see what prints out :
C Code Listing 2
1 : #include < stdio.h > 2 : int main ( ) 3 : { 4 : float fl=3.14 ; 5 : printf ( " fl 's address=%lu
" , ( unsigned long int ) &fl ) ; 6 : return 0 ; 7 : }
C++ Code Listing 2
1:#include < iostream > 2 : int main ( ) 3 : { 4 : float fl=3.14 ; 5 : std::cout << " fl 's address= " << ( unsigned long int ) &fl << std::endl ; 6 : return 0 ; 7 : }
On line ( 5 ) of the example , The & operator is being used on fl .
On line ( 5 ) , only step 1 is being performed on a variable :
1 . The program finds and grabs the address reserved for fl ...
It is fl 's address that is printed to the screen .
If the & operator had not been placed in front of fl , then step 2 would have occurred as well , and 3.14 would have been printed to the screen .
The ( unsigned long int ) phrase will be discussed later .
It is there so that &addr will print out as a large , non-negative number .
It has been shown in gray to indicate that you must include it for the program to compile properly but that it is not relevant to this current discussion .
Keep in mind that an address is really just a simple number .
In fact , we can store an address in an integer variable .
Try this :
C Code Listing 3
1 : #include < stdio.h > 2 : int main ( ) 3 : { 4 : float fl=3.14 ; 5 : unsigned long int addr= ( unsigned long int ) &fl ; 6 : printf ( " fl 's address=%lu
" , addr ) ; 7 : return 0 ; 8 : }
C++ Code Listing 3
1 : #include < iostream > 2 : int main ( ) 3 : { 4 : float fl=3.14 ; 5 : unsigned long int addr= ( unsigned long int ) &fl ; 6 : std::cout << " fl 's address= " << addr << std::endl ; 7 : return 0 ; 8 : }
The above code shows that there is nothing magical about addresses .
They are just simple numbers that can be stored in integer variables .
The unsigned long keywords at the start of line ( 5 ) simply means that the integer will not hold negative numbers ( unsigned ) , and that it can hold quite large numbers ( long ) .
As before , the ( unsigned long int ) phrase has been shown in gray .
It must be included for the code to compile , but is not relevant to this discussion .
It will be discussed later .
Now let 's test the other operator , the * operator that retrieves the contents stored at an address :
C Code Listing 4
1 : #include < stdio.h > 2 : int main ( ) 3 : { 4 : float fl=3.14 ; 5 : unsigned long int addr= ( unsigned long int ) &fl ; 6 : printf ( " fl 's address=%lu
" , addr ) ; 7 : printf ( " addr 's contents= % .
2f
" , * ( float * ) addr ) ; 8 : return 0 ; 9 : }
C++ Code Listing 4
1 : #include < iostream > 2 : int main ( ) 3 : { 4 : float fl=3.14 ; 5 : unsigned long int addr= ( unsigned long int ) &fl ; 6 : std::cout << " fl 's address= " << addr << std::endl ; 7 : std::cout << " addr 's contents = " << * ( float * ) addr << std::endl ; 8 : return 0 ; 9 : }
In line ( 7 ) , step 2 has been performed on a number :
2 . The contents stored at that address [ addr ] are retrieved .
In order to make line ( 7 ) work , a little " syntax sugar " had to be added for the program to compile .
Like before , ( float* ) is shown in gray because it is not relevant to the current discussion .
For the sake of this discussion , just read " * ( float * ) addr " as " * addr " ( that is , ignore the stuff in gray ) .
The code shown in gray will be discussed later .
OK , But why do we need & and *
We have shown that 2 distinct steps occur when accessing a variable , and that we can make those steps occur separately .
But why is this useful ?
To see why , let 's first look at how functions work in C / C ++.
Try this code :
C Code Listing 5
1 : #include < stdio.h > 2 : void somefunc( float fvar ) 3 : { 4 : fvar=99.9 ; 5 : } 6 : int main ( ) 7 : { 8 : float fl=3.14 ; 9 : somefunc( fl ) ; 10 : printf ( " %.
2f
" , fl ) ; 11 : return 0 ; 12 : }
C++ Code Listing 5
1 : #include < iostream > 2 : void somefunc( float fvar ) 3 : { 4 : fvar=99.9 ; 5 : } 6 : int main ( ) 7 : { 8 : float fl=3.14 ; 9 : somefunc( fl ) ; 10 : std::cout << fl << std::endl ; 11 : return 0 ; 12 : }
What prints out ?
3.14 ? 99.9 ?
It turns out that 3.14 prints out .
The general term used to describe this behavior is pass by value .
When somefunc ( fl ) is called at line 9 :
Execution jumps to line ( 2 ) to run the function fvar is created as its own variable and fl 's value is copied into fvar
On line ( 4 ) , 99.9 is assigned to fvar
Now that the function is finished , execution resumes in main where it left off ( line 10 ) .
The fl variable is unchanged , 3.14 prints out .
We can circumvent this pass by value behavior and change values passed into functions by using the & and * operators .
C Code
1 : #include < stdio.h > 2 : void somefunc ( unsigned long int fptr ) 3 : { 4 : *( float * ) fptr=99.9 ; 5 : } 6 : 7 : int main ( ) 8 : { 9 : float fl=3.14 ; 10 : unsigned long int addr= ( unsigned long int ) &fl ; 11 : somefunc ( addr ) ; 12 : printf ( " %.
2f
" , fl ) ; 13 : return 0 ; 14 : }
C++ Code
1 : #include < iostream > 2 : void somefunc ( unsigned long int fptr ) 3 : { 4 : *( float * ) fptr=99.9 ; 5 : } 6 : 7 : int main ( ) 8 : { 9 : float fl=3.14 ; 10 : unsigned long int addr= ( unsigned long int ) &fl ; 11 : somefunc ( addr ) ; 12 : std::cout << fl << std::endl ; 13 : return 0 ; 14 : }
Quite simply , the two steps that normally occur when accessing a variable are being separated to allow us to change the variable 's value in a different function .
The floating point variable fl is created at line ( 9 ) and given the value 3.14
The & operator is used on fl at line ( 10 ) ( do only step 1 , get the address ) .
The address is stored in the integer variable addr .
The function somefunc is called at line ( 11 ) and fl 's address is passed as an argument .
The function somefunc begins at line ( 2 ) , fptr is created and fl 's address is copied into fptr .
The * operator is used on fptr at line ( 4 ) -- do step 2 , the contents stored in an address are retrieved .
In this example , the contents at address 924 are retrieved .
The contents at address 924 are assigned the value 99.9 .
The function finishes .
Control returns to line ( 12 ) .
The contents of fl are printed to the screen .
Pointer Variables
Even though we have shown that an address is nothing more than a simple integer , the creators of the language were afraid we might confuse variables in our programs .
We might confuse integers we intend to use for program values ( e.g. variables storing ages , measurements , counters , etc. ) with integers we intend to use for holding the addresses of our variables .
The language creators decided the best way to eliminate confusion was to create a different type of variable for holding addresses .
A first attempt at this might have looked something like this :
1 :... 2 : float fl=3.14 ; 3 : float Ptr addr = &fl ; 4 : ...
On line ( 3 ) , here is how to describe the addr variable :
( A ) addr is an integer .
( B ) However , it is a special integer designed to hold the address of a ( C ) float
In the code above , line ( 3 ) is close to what the creators of the language wanted except for one thing : using Ptr would require introducing another keyword into the language .
If there is one thing that all C instructors like to brag about , it is how there are only a very small number of keywords in the language .
Well , using line ( 3 ) as shown above would mean adding Ptr as another keyword to the language .
To avoid this threat to the very fabric of the universe , the creators cast about for something already being used in the language that could do double duty as Ptr shown above .
What they came up with was the following :
1 :... 2 : float fl=3.14 ; 3 : float * addr = &fl ; 4 : ...
Even with the * instead of Ptr , addr is described the same way :
( A ) addr is an integer .
( B ) However , it is a special integer designed to hold the address of a ( C ) float
These variables are described this way , regardless of the type :
( A ) addr is an integer .
( B ) However , it is a special integer designed to hold the address of a ( C ) char
( A ) addr is an integer .
( B ) However , it is a special integer designed to hold the address of an ( C ) int
This " ... special integer ... " way of describing these variables is a mouthful , so we shorten it and just say " addr is a float pointer " or " addr is a pointer to a float " ( or char , or int , etc . ) .
Unfortunately , the language creators chose the * character to replace Ptr .
The * character is confusing because the * character is also used to get the contents at an address ( " do step 2 on a number " ) .
These two uses of the * character have nothing to do with each other .
What is all that " syntax sugar " anyway ?
( Casting )
Let 's take one last look at our original code that illustrates the utility of separating out steps 1 & 2 .
C Code Listing 7
1 : #include < stdio.h > 2 : void somefunc ( unsigned long int fptr ) 3 : { 4 : *( float * ) fptr=99.9 ; 5 : } 6 : 7 : int main ( ) 8 : { 9 : float fl=3.14 ; 10 : unsigned long int addr= ( unsigned long int ) &fl ; 11 : somefunc ( addr ) ; 12 : printf ( " %.
2f
" , fl ) ; 13 : return 0 ; 14 : }
C++ Code Listing 7
1 : #include < iostream > 2 : void somefunc ( unsigned long int fptr ) 3 : { 4 : *( float * ) fptr=99.9 ; 5 : } 6 : 7 : int main ( ) 8 : { 9 : float fl=3.14 ; 10 : unsigned long int addr= ( unsigned long int ) &fl ; 11 : somefunc ( addr ) ; 12 : std::cout << fl << std::endl ; 13 : return 0 ; 14 : }
In nearly all of the code samples , you have been asked to ignore certain bits of the code .
These bits of code have always appeared around those areas where we are either taking the address of a variable or getting the contents at an address ( doing step 1 or step 2 on a variable )
Those bits of " syntax sugar " are there to keep the compiler from complaining .
The first example of this in the above program is on line ( 10 ) .
On line ( 10 ) we are taking the address of the floating point number fl ( " do only step 1 on a number " ) .
After we get that address , we store it in addr .
Why would the compiler complain ?
Because when we assign the address of fl to addr , the compiler does not expect addr to be an unsigned long int .
The compiler expects addr to be a float * .
That is , a special integer designed to hold the address of a float .
To keep the compiler from complaining , we tell the compiler to treat &fl as an unsigned long int rather than a float * .
This " syntax sugar " that causes the compiler to treat variables and expressions differently is called casting .
The way a programmer describes line ( 10 ) is : " The address of fl is being cast into an unsigned long int and assigned to addr "
The other place casting occurs is on line ( 4 ) .
On line ( 4 ) , we are getting the contents at an address ( " do step 2 on a number / address " ) .
Why would the compiler complain ?
Because the compiler should get the contents of the address of a float .
The address of our float is in stored in fptr , which is an unsigned long int , not a float * .
We tell the compiler to treat fptr as the address of a floating point number by casting it into a float * .
Once we tell the compiler this , we can get the contents at the address without complaint .
Putting it all together
From the previous section , you might be left with the impression that whenever you deal with addresses and pointers , there is a lot of casting .
Not so .
The only reason our examples up till now have required casting is because we were storing our addresses in unsigned long int variables .
The language designers want us to store addresses in the " special integer " variables , that is , the pointer variables they designed for just such a purpose .
Once we replace our unsigned long int variables with these pointer variables , none of the casting is required :
C Code Listing 8
1 : #include < stdio.h > 2 : void somefunc( float* fptr ) 3 : { 4 : * fptr=99.9 ; 5 : } 6 : 7 : int main ( ) 8 : { 9 : float fl=3.14 ; 10 : float * addr = &fl ; 11 : somefunc ( addr ) ; 12 : printf ( " %.
2f
" , fl ) ; 13 : return 0 ; 14 : }
C++ Code Listing 8
1 : #include < iostream > 2 : void somefunc( float* fptr ) 3 : { 4 : * fptr=99.9 ; 5 : } 6 : 7 : int main ( ) 8 : { 9 : float fl=3.14 ; 10 : float * addr = &fl ; 11 : somefunc ( addr ) ; 12 : std::cout << fl << std::endl ; 13 : return 0 ; 14 : }
On line ( 10 ) , when we take the address of fl the address is assigned to a variable designed to hold it .
No casting is required .
the address is assigned to a variable designed to hold it .
No casting is required .
When addr is passed to the function in line ( 11 ) , addr is copied to fptr on line ( 2 ) .
is passed to the function in line ( 11 ) , is copied to on line ( 2 ) .
Line ( 2 ) shows that fptr is created as a float pointer , that is a variable designed to hold the address of a floating point number .
As a result , no casting is needed on line ( 4 ) where the contents at the address are retrieved .
Revision History
2016 February 20
In similarity .html , updated link to " The Development of the C Language " 2012 September 10 Machines , they be growing !
Added " long " to " unsigned int " to accommodate 64 bit g++.
2013 February 26 Correcting formatting code in printf to accommodate " long " unsigned ints 2012 September 10 Machines , they be growing !
Added " long " to " unsigned int " to accommodate 64 bit g++.
2006 April 7 Corrected spelling errors 2005 December 1 Added tarball and zip file of source code 2005 March 01 Some formatting corrections made at the behest of my former mentor , and all - around upstanding citizen Jeff H . You 're a wonderful human being , Jeff .
Thanks !
2003 June 12 Reformatted document to be valid XHTML .
Minor code corrections .
2002 June 02 Updated the C++ I/ O preprocessor directives and I/O calls to conform to standard .
2001 April 30 Some minor corrections .
1999 March 19 Added C version of code .
Minor corrections to text .
Miscellaneous
The graphics in this tutorial were created using the freely distributed image manipulation program The GIMP .
Information on The GIMP can be found at http://www.gimp.org/
April 8 , 2010 - Tom Bui
Just a quick update to point out some of the fantastic community activity out there that gets emailed to us every so often .
Hopefully you 're aware of some of it already .
If not , you 're in for a treat .
About a billion or so people ( we counted ) emailed us links to the amazing Law Abiding Engineer trailer .
If you 've already seen it , make sure you check out the side - by - side comparison with the original trailer , so you can truly appreciate OneMoreUser 's work .
The mysterious person behind the Guard Dog update has raised the bar on fake updates to an insane height with his latest opus , the fake Engineer Update !
We 're going to warn you ahead of time :
Whatever we end up actually coming up with probably wo n't be as cool as the Chicken Cannon .
The talented folks behind Gang Garrison have just released version 2.2 .
With reworked weapons , new game modes , and fancier menus and HUDs , it 's pretty much better than TF2 in every possible way now .
Except for the total lack of hats .
Guess we know who the real pros are around here .
Go download version 2.2 and let them know how much you want fancy headgear .
It 's been scientifically proven that hats improve any game they 're featured in .
Slightly older , but if you have n't played Dylan ' Steaky ' Loney 's Great Class Dash yet , you should head over and grab it right away .
Community Fortress continues to do a much better job than we do of tracking competitive TF2 .
We really liked their latest Moments of Glory , because Riki 's engineer moment reminds of why all the most awesome players are either Engineers or Australians ( usually both ) .
ETF2L is gearing up for their Highlander Community Challenge .
It 's a fun tournament aimed at getting lots of people into some fun competitive matches .
If you feel like you 're crushing everyone in pubs , this 'll be a great opportunity for you to find a new challenge .
In addition , we 're providing them with the ability to give out in - game medals to players who participate in the tournament .
Everyone knows there 's only one thing that beats a fine hat - wearing chap : a hat - wearing chap who 's also covered in medals .
We 're not making any of this up , people .
These are game design facts .
Incumbent Republican Jan Brewer remains well ahead of Arizona ’s Democratic Attorney General Terry Goddard in the state ’s gubernatorial contest .
The latest Rasmussen Reports telephone survey of Likely Voters in Arizona shows Brewer with 53 % support to Goddard ’s 39 % .
Seven percent ( 7 % ) like some other candidate , and one percent ( 1 % ) is still undecided .
( To see survey question wording , click here . )
As it has from the start , this race remains Solid Republican in the Rasmussen Reports Election 2010 Gubernatorial Scorecard .
At the beginning of the month , Brewer held a similar 55 % to 39 % lead .
Since May , Brewer 's support has run from 52 % to 60 % , while Goddard 's has remained in the 35 % to 39 % range .
Arizona allows early voting , and among those who have already voted , Brewer leads Goddard 53 % to 43 % .
( Want a free daily e-mail update ?
If it 's in the news , it 's in our polls ) .
Rasmussen Reports updates are also available on Twitter or Facebook .
The survey of 500 Likely Voters in Arizona was conducted on October 28 , 2010 by Rasmussen Reports .
The margin of sampling error is +/- 4.5 percentage points with a 95 % level of confidence .
Field work for all Rasmussen Reports surveys is conducted by Pulse Opinion Research , LLC .
See methodology .
TEXTp is the result of months of intense transcoding efforts by our engineers , who toiled for weeks to ensure that a large chunk of videos on the platform could be reduced to their most basic elements .
By replacing the images in the video with a series of letters and numbers , the videos are far less taxing on our system -- and have the added benefit of promoting literacy !
You may be seeing a rumor doing the rounds today about Palm throwing in the towel and moving to the Android platform as a means of survival -- but just hang on .
Most reports are citing an email that made its way to the inbox of what looks like every major tech outlet , stating that CEO Jon Rubinstein issued an internal memo to software developers at the company about the switch .
The supposed memo quotes Jon as saying , " While Palm is incredibly proud of our engineers who spent timeless work and effort to bring us this advanced operating system , consumers simply have not caught on .
To provide a better future for ourselves and our customers , the only logical choice is to transition our hardware and software to the Android platform . "
The plan -- according to this email -- would be to create a kind of Sense UI -ish webOS interface on Palm devices , while leveraging Android 's market footprint .
The anonymous emailer went on to say that the full memo would be made available on Wikileaks at midnight last night .
But guess what ?
Not only did the memo not appear at the stroke of 12 , but when we picked up the phone and actually spoke to Palm , they had a pretty quick response .
Their answer ?
Our sources at the company essentially laughed when they heard this news , and they emphatically stated that there was no memo , and no move internally towards Android .
Furthermore , many of the reports are citing a bunk piece of news from Monday which erroneously stated that Palm had halted production -- that news has also been refuted by the company .
Admittedly , our minds reel at the concept of Android with a webOS UI , but until we get some real , verifiable evidence of that ( and not just a random email ) , we 're going to assume it 's not happening .
You should do the same .
Shiitake mushroom growing on wood .
Image credit : Wikipedia .
( PhysOrg.com ) -- Japanese farming folklore has it that lightning makes mushrooms multiply , and new research supports the idea .
Mushrooms form a staple part of the diet in Japan , and the fungi are in such high demand that around 50,000 tons are imported annually , so scientists have been experimenting with artificial lightning to see if it could increase the crop .
A four - year study carried out at Iwate University in northern Japan on ten species of mushroom ( so far ) has shown that for eight of the 10 mushroom species a bolt of lightning - strength electricity could double the crop yield .
The best improvements were found in the popular nameko and shiitake mushrooms .
The experiments were carried out by seeding logs with mushroom spores and then applying high - voltage electricity pulses to the logs .
A direct hit by natural lightning would burn and kill mushrooms with up to a billion volts of electricity , so the researchers , led by Associate Professor of Engineering , Koichi Takaki , thought the increase in numbers of mushrooms , if it occurred at all , could be caused by exposure to a weakened charge that would travel through the soil after a nearby lightning strike .
They therefore used less damaging pulses of electricity .
The experiments showed mushrooms react best when exposed to a ten - millionth of a second burst of electricity at 50 - 100,000 volts .
Under the best conditions the nameko yield was 80 % greater than the untreated control crop , while the shiitake crop yield doubled .
Takaki said the mushrooms initially decrease the enzyme and protein secretions from the hyphae ( tiny filaments that spread under the surface , acting like roots and giving rise to the fruiting bodies such as mushrooms ) , but then suddenly increase production .
The reason for the reaction is unknown and the subject of further investigations .
One of the researchers , Yuichi Sakamoto of the Iwate Biotechnology Research Center , said it is possible the reaction is a response to danger , and the mushrooms react by giving themselves a reproductive boost and increase the number of fruiting bodies so their chance of survival is maximized .
Takaki and Sakamoto think the equipment they used could eventually be adapted for use by commercial mushroom growers .
The effects of artificial lightning are also being studied by Takaki ’s team on daikon radishes , and by other researchers on beans , rapeseed plants and some lily varieties .
So far the early results look promising .
Explore further Button mushrooms contain as much anti-oxidants as expensive ones
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
About
This web site provides links to demos shown during the SVG Wow ! session at the SVG Open conference .
The purpose of the SVG Wow session is to demonstrate features of the SVG format in either pure rendering , interactivity , animation , or integration with other open web technologies e.g HTML and CSS .
Some of the demos are also meant to demonstrate advanced , upcoming features .
License Unless otherwise specified , the source of the demos on this web site is under the Creative Commons license .
This does not apply to the content mentioned on the attributions page , such as images , fonts , audio or video files .
( Newser ) – A 3 - year - old Tennessee girl fatally shot herself in the chest with a gun she apparently mistook for a Wii gadget .
The tragedy occurred as Cheyenne McKeehan picked up a loaded pistol left out by her stepfather that looked strikingly similar to a toy - gun Wii controller the girl had recently learned how to use .
Her stepfather left the real gun on a table after checking for a prowler the night before , reports the Telegraph .
The toddler shot herself as her mom worked on a computer nearby and her baby brother played on the floor .
" If you have a live handgun and a toy that looks the same — for parents some bells and whistles need to go off , " said local Sheriff Terry Ashe .
" You can see by the comparison of the toy weapon and the real weapon that there 's little chance a 3 - year - old would differentiate between the two . "
Police are still investigating and charges may be filed .
Click here to read about another odd and heartbreaking crime .
( Read more Tennessee stories . )
What ’s your favorite color ?
Probably blue , right ?
Everyone like it–five of Pantone ’s last 11 colors of the year have been shades of blue , including this year ’s pick , turquoise .
A Cambridge psychological study showed even rhesus monkeys pick blue as their favorite ( green was second ) .
According to Pantone , blues are calming , inviting , and hopeful , which is why they ’re so common these days .
But did you know that blue pigment used to be more valuable than gold ?
Joshua Cohen traces the history of what was once the most valuable color in his fascinating –and exhaustingly researched –essay “ Thirty - Six Shades of Prussian Blue , ” in Triple Canopy ‘s latest issue .
The first blues came from rocks and plants and were either unreliably color - fast , or way too expensive .
Ultramarine was so rare when it first became available that it “ was said to have once been more expensive than gold , and Renaissance artists had to negotiate with their patrons for individual drops . ”
Then in 1704 , Heinrich Diesbach , a Berlin chemist , mixed some cochineal ( a natural red dye ) with iron sulfate and a cyanide mixture , and discovered Prussian blue , the first synthetic color .
Prussian blue was an instant sensation .
Its manufacture escaped regulation by painters ’ guilds since it was considered a chemical and not paint , and its use quickly spread .
Cezanne ’s mustache was stained with it , Ruskin hoarded it , it was Wordsworth ’s favorite color , E.E. Cummings and Baudelaire wrote about it .
It was used as an invisible ink in World War II ( letters would be written in iron sulfate then sprayed with the cyanide solution ) and the FDA even says it can be used to get rid of some radiation poisoning .
Crayola changed their Prussian Blue crayon to Midnight Blue in 1958 because they realized no one knew what Prussia was , but now you can know more than you ever thought possible about the color that bears its name .
In Jamaica , a whole generation of singers , players of instruments and MCs had grown up in thrall ...
DirectDraw OpenGL renderer
The performance of 2D DirectDraw games is not always that great in Wine .
There are a number of reasons for it and most are out of the scope of Wine .
Some games can take advantage of Wine 's ability to offload DirectDraw to OpenGL and then there 's a thing called a DIB engine .
You might think OpenGL will solve all the performance problems but in fact this is n't the case and it can be confusing to a lot of users .
That 's why I decided to explain the issues and the meaning of the registry options .
As will be seen the performance gain depends on the way the game is written AND on the OpenGL features offered by your video driver .
DirectDraw
DirectDraw is used by games for transferring surfaces ( 2D arrays of pixels ) to the screen .
It is implemented in the DDraw DLL and offers a few different ways of working with surfaces .
Most games use a combination of three main mechanisms : locking , blitting and GetDC / ReleaseDC .
Locking
The most basic way is ' LockRect / UnlockRect ' which gives a program DIRECT access to the framebuffer of the videocard using a pointer ( this is similar to ' DGA ' ) .
Games that use this handle do most of their rendering in software and then use these calls to send the final frames to the videocard .
Lots of older games like !
StarCraft , Red Alert II and others use this .
Blitting
The second mechanism for rendering is blitting .
Using these functions programs instruct DirectDraw to update a portion of the screen with the image they specify .
You could say that this is similar to locking except that now DirectDraw does all the drawing instead of the game .
GetDC/ReleaseDC
DirectDraw only offers features for drawing surfaces and for instance no mechanism for drawing text .
When a game wants to draw texts it should either upload bitmaps with text or they need to render the text on a surface .
But as I said before DirectDraw can't render text , so how to do that ?
Well DirectDraw offers a mechanism ' GetDC / ReleaseDC ' which can be used to pass a surface to GDI for rendering .
Performance bottlenecks
By default Wine 's DirectDraw uses GDI which in turn uses X but this way of rendering has certain performance problems .
Depth
First of all X can only render at the depth at which your desktop is running .
This means that when a game uses 16 bit and your X is at 24 bit , there is a problem .
What Wine does in such a case is to convert all the colors to 24bit using a DIB .
This is slow and it is especially bad if a game uses 8 bit as in that case a palette lookup needs to be performed for each single pixel .
Direct framebuffer access
As explained DirectDraw is about ' direct framebuffer access ' .
The problem is that Xorg does n't offer such a mechanism .
Long ago this was possible using DGA but DGA had various limitations for instance it was n't secure and second it also could n't be mixed with X11 drawing and OpenGL .
This would limit to a few games .
Wine emulates the framebuffer with a memory buffer and when needed copies the data to the card using plain X calls .
This is n't very efficient and remember there is also depth conversion which is needed most of the time .
GetDC/ReleaseDC
Using GetDC / ReleaseDC games can use standard GDI for drawing .
The main problem is that all GDI drawing is done through X even offscreen drawing .
Under normal conditions this already is n't nice as a roundtrip to the Xserver takes a short amount of time .
It is especially problematic for games when there is a depth mismatch .
All drawing operations need to be converted twice ( first 16 bit -> 24bit and then 24bit -> 16bit as the game uses e.g. 16bit ) .
DirectDraw OpenGL
As has been pointed out DirectDraw 's gdi renderer has performance problems due to depth conversion , the lack of direct framebuffer access and GetDC / ReleaseDC .
I will move along each of the three bottlenecks and explain what OpenGL can offer .
If you want to use OpenGL for DirectDraw , set DirectDrawRenderer to OpenGL
Depth
OpenGL supports a large number of texture formats each with different depths .
If we would upload the DirectDraw surfaces in textures , this would allow us to do the depth conversion for free .
This works fine but not all DirectDraw formats exist in OpenGL on all videocards .
A good example is support for 8 bit palettes .
Older Geforce cards offer ' GL_EXT_paletted_texture ' which gives an 8 bit format and when this is used ( e.g. in case of StarCraft ) the performance is excellent .
On modern Geforce / Radeon cards with fragment shaders we do the same conversion using shaders but on other hardware we convert all surfaces in software which is SLOW :(
Direct framebuffer access
OpenGL does n't provide direct framebuffer access but using GL_ARB_pixel_buffer_object we can get something which is almost similar to it .
When this extension is present you can get a pointer to memory ( DMA memory or even video memory but you do n't know what it is ) .
Its main use is that you can upload / download data asynchronously .
This means that you do n't have to wait until the data is sent to the card but you can already start doing other things .
This heavily improves performance .
Note GL_ARB_pixel_buffer_object is not around on all drivers , Nvidia offers it and ATI these days as well though not in all fglrx releases .
Even when PBOs are n't around OpenGL 's uploading mechanism on most driver is at least as fast as X or faster .
OpenGL offers two ways of moving data to the card either in the form of textures or by directly accessing the framebuffer using glReadPixels / glDrawPixels .
Which mechanism is faster depends on the hardware .
On modern Nvidia cards textures appear to be fast for uploads but on older ATI cards for instance glDrawPixels was faster .
The registry setting ' RenderTargetLockMode ' defines how to do the upload and the download of data .
It works in all cases , so also without PBOs .
The values are : readdraw [ default ] - use glReadPixels for download , use glDrawPixels for upload readtex - use glReadPixels for download , but use textures for upload texdraw - use textures for download , but use glDrawPixels for upload textex - use textures for both upload and download
GetDC/ReleaseDC
When a game uses GetDC for drawing text we are in big troubles , in even bigger ones than in the case of GDI .
In case of GDI we basically use a software renderer and in that case we also have the latest framebuffer image somewhere in memory .
We can then directly pass this memory to GetDC and the game can use GDI for drawing .
When using OpenGL we most of the time do n't have the latest framebuffer image in memory and we need to download it back from the card .
This takes time and is slow .
Then when we finally got a copy we need to pass it to GDI which in its turn might have to do all the depth conversion magic .
After the game is done with GDI we need to reupload the image to the card .
Summarized GetDC/ ReleaseDC is very painful for GL .
Summary
As explained standard DirectDraw GDI has performance limitations .
Depending on what DirectDraw rendering mechanisms a game uses , OpenGL can fix the bottlenecks when the right OpenGL extensions are around .
In such a case the game can run close to its native speed .
In case a game uses GetDC / ReleaseDC , OpenGL can only make the situation worse and it will worsen the performance .
What 's the final solution to the performance problems ?
For a part this is the DIB engine .
This allows us to do all offscreen drawing in software without requiring a roundtrip to X .
This will save a lot of time for GetDC / ReleaseDC purposes .
TUAW has a preview of an iPad application called Game Table .
It costs 99 cents , and it lets you play classic board games such as Chess , Poker or Checkers on the iPad .
The beauty of its approach is the fact that it 's not really a game — it just gives you the necessary components and the mechanics to play a variety of games .
And , when you think of it , for many users this app ( or apps like it ) might be the killer app that makes the Apple iPad worth purchasing .
If you 're a classic board game geek , you probably love the feeling of cards , dice or a chess board under your hand .
But in all those situations when you do n't have the actual board — let 's say you 're going on a vacation , and you do n't want to carry the extra weight and fiddly bits and pieces — the iPad can be a very good replacement .
While classic board games were also available on the iPod and the iPhone , the iPad 's bigger screen size will make the experience much more pleasant .
Beyond classic board games , it 's a huge market ; just check out BoardGameGeek for all the available board titles .
I bet we 'll be seeing many of those titles converted for the iPad , and I bet many of them will be a huge success .
Game
Table may seem like just another app , but it 's a great example of how iPad 's bigger screen size can open Apple 's mobile application platform to new possibilities .
The iPhone 's screen is used by one person at a time in most cases ; but the iPad can be effectively used by two people ; playing a game , creating an artwork , visualizing a project .
It 's a big difference , and it's another one of those details that will , ultimately , make people want to buy this device .
As the first batch of iPads hurry to their new owners , I 'm more and more convinced Apple has indeed created a whole new market with this device .
PS : The guys from Amazon themselves phoned me a few months ago , they could n’t understand how a print on demand book , with no publishing company could sell so well .
He asked what it was about , I told him to read it . :-)
Well guys , thanks to you , “ The Modern Survival Manual ” reached the # 1 Top of the list in the Disaster Relief Category and is currently # 4 in Survival Skills .
I ca n’t tank you enough for your help and I hope people do take the content of the book into account .
It will sure make life a hole lot easier as things in general get more complicated .
Again , thank you !
FerFAL
' Man with the golden arm ' saves 2 million babies in half a century of donating rare type of blood
Life - saver : James Harrison has donated his rare blood nearly 1,000 times
An Australian man who has been donating his extremely rare kind of blood for 56 years has saved the lives of more than two million babies .
James Harrison , 74 , has an antibody in his plasma that stops babies dying from Rhesus disease , a form of severe anaemia .
He has enabled countless mothers to give birth to healthy babies , including his own daughter , Tracey , who had a healthy son thanks to her father 's blood .
Mr Harrison has been giving blood every few weeks since he was 18 years old and has now racked up a total of 984 donations .
When he started donating , his blood was deemed so special his life was insured for one million Australian dollars .
He was also nicknamed the ' man with the golden arm ' or the ' man in two million ' .
His blood has since led to the development of a vaccine called Anti-D .
He said : ' I 've never thought about stopping .
Never . '
He made a pledge to be a donor aged 14 after undergoing major chest surgery in which he needed 13 litres of blood .
' I was in hospital for three months , ' he said .
' The blood I received saved my life so I made a pledge to give blood when I was 18 . '
Just after he started donating he was found to have the rare and life - saving antibody in his blood .
At the time , thousands of babies in Australia were dying each year of Rhesus disease .
Other newborns suffered permanent brain damage because of the condition .
The disease creates an incompatibility between the mother 's blood and her unborn baby 's blood .
It stems from one having Rh-positive blood and the other Rh-negative .
After his blood type was discovered , Mr Harrison volunteered to undergo a series of tests to help develop the Anti-D vaccine .
' They insured me for a million dollars so I knew my wife Barbara would be taken care of , ' he said .
' I was n't scared .
I was glad to help .
I had to sign every form going and basically sign my life away . '
Mr Harrison , dubbed ' the man with the golden arm ' , is still donating every few weeks at the age of 74 .
He is thought to have saved 2.2 million babies
Mr Harrison is Rh-negative and was given injections of Rh- positive blood .
It was found his plasma could treat the condition and since then it has been given to hundreds of thousands of women .
It has also been given to babies after they are born to stop them developing the disease .
It is estimated he has helped save 2.2 million babies so far .
One of the mothers he has helped is Joy Barnes , who works at the Red Cross Blood Bank in Sydney .
Grateful : Mr Harrison 's friend Joy Barnes is one of many mothers who have been able to give birth to healthy babies thanks to his donations
She has known Mr Harrison for 23 years but has only just told him she is one of the countless mothers he has helped .
Ms Barnes , who miscarried at four and five months before having treatment , said : ' Without him I would never have been able to have a healthy baby . '
Speaking to Mr Harrison on an Australian TV show , she said : ' I do n't know how to thank you enough . '
His own daughter , Tracey , also had to have the Anti-D injection after the birth of her first son .
She said she was ' proud ' of her dad for continuing to give blood , even after the death of her mother after 56 years of marriage .
Mr Harrison said : ' I was back in hospital giving blood a week after Barbara passed away .
' It was sad but life marches on and we have to continue doing what we do .
She 's up there looking down , so I carry on . '
Mr Harrison is expected to reach the 1,000 donation milestone in September this year .
If there was anything as inevitable as the media car crash of Lara Bingle and Michael Clarke ’s parting of the ways , it was that the topciality - chasing Nando ’s would be the first brand to make fun of it .
As well as a radio ad declaring its restaurants a Bingle - free zone , the brand has created Bingle Free Zone signs that punters can print out and stick up in their offices .
Dr Mumbo can see that one becoming a hit .
The brains behind the stunt are The Sphere Agency .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
On the afternoon of September 24 , 2009 , Pennsylvania State Troopers , their guns drawn , broke down the door of room 238 of the CareFree Inn on the outskirts of Pittsburgh .
The troopers were acting on a search warrant related to protests planned for the G20 summit — a meeting of the heads of state of the world ’s major economies .
Thousands of protesters had descended on the city , presenting demands ranging from curbs on carbon emissions to the outright abolition of capitalism .
Anticipating hordes of black - masked , Starbucks - smashing anarchists , the Pittsburgh police and the Secret Service coordinated nearly 4,000 law enforcement officers , outfitting them with the latest in riot - dispersal technology .
Crowds marching on the summit were met with pepper spray , stun grenades , and — for the first time on US soil — acoustic cannons that blast painful sounds as far as 1,000 feet .
But the protesters had their own crowd - control methods , and that ’s what had brought the state troopers to the CareFree Inn .
What they found when they broke down the door were a couple of middle - aged housemates from Queens , New York .
Elliott Madison sat at a desk with a laptop and a cell phone .
A police scanner lay nearby .
Michael Wallschlaeger was at the minifridge grabbing some hummus when the police rushed in .
According to the criminal complaint filed against them , the two men had been “ communicating with various protestors , and protest groups … [ via ] internet based communications , more commonly known as ‘ Twitter ’ .
The observed ‘ Twitter ’ communications were noted to be relevant to the direction of the movement of the Protestors … in order to avoid apprehension … ”
Madison and Wallschlaeger were part of Tin Can Comms Collective , a “ collection of communication rebels ” made up of several individuals in various locations across Pittsburgh .
Madison ’s job was to verify information being sent in and then relay that to legal observers , street medics , and other organizers who could in turn tweet the information to the masses in the streets .
The raid occurred just as the protests were starting , but even as Madison and Wallschlaeger were arrested , the information flowed from the other tweeters without a blip .
“ A comms facility was raided , but we are still fully operational please continue to submit reports ” stated one subsequent tweet .
The real - time updates were available to anyone who followed the feed , allowing protesters to see the theater of operations and add information to the picture .
It was as if the demonstrators had gotten their own helicopter .
Tin Can Comms sent out messages such as “ SWAT teams rolling down 5th Ave towards Schenley ” and “ 40 cops , w / bus , headed towards friendship park . ”
The police knew they were being outflanked , but could do little against a decentralized foe : “ SCANNER JUST SAID : BE ADVISED WE’RE BEING MONITORED BY ANARCHISTS THROUGH SCANNER , ” noted one Tin Can tweet .
Madison and Wallschlaeger were charged with “ criminal use of a communication facility , ” “ possessing instruments of crime , ” and “ hindering apprehension ” — two felony counts and one misdemeanor .
With his long ponytail and goatee , Madison looks younger than his 42 years .
A full - time social worker and self - proclaimed anarchist , he has long played support roles in protest movements , most often as a legal observer or a communications coordinator .
He has no criminal record , but nevertheless had to post $ 30,000 in bail .
Wallschlaeger , a 46 - year - old host of a radio show called “ This Week in Radical History , ” had to post $ 5,000 .
Madison calls the arrest an attempt to “ stifle dissent ” and says his actions were “ perfectly legal . ”
His lawyer , Martin Stolar , calls them “ absolutely protected speech . ”
Madison also points out the irony that last June the State Department asked Twitter to delay scheduled maintenance so as not to interrupt Iranian protesters tweeting from the barricades .
Tehran and Pittsburgh were not the first time social networking and mass texts were used to support a large - scale protest :
At the 2004 Republican National Convention in New York City , thousands of protesters were organized by a mass - messaging program called TXTmob ( pdf ) .
This proved the new tools ’ usefulness to both activists and police , and they adjusted their strategies accordingly .
TXTmob is even credited as one of the programs that inspired Twitter ’s inventors .
In Pittsburgh , the protesters ’
Twitter stream continued through the end of the G20 summit , with noticeable results .
By the time the tear gas cleared , only around 190 arrests had been made , far fewer than at previous protests in Seattle and New York .
The media soon forgot about the story — but for the two arrestees , an ordeal that Madison describes as “ Kafkaesque ” was only beginning .
At around six in the morning a week after Madison and Wallschlaeger posted bail , a dozen NYPD officers and FBI agents from the Joint Terrorism Task Force ( JTTF ) broke down the front and back doors of Madison ’s home in Queens .
Guns drawn , they smashed in bedroom doors , and Madison , Wallschlaeger , their housemates , and a guest were left handcuffed on a couch .
With helicopters circling overhead , agents searched the house for 16 hours .
“ I asked to see the search warrant , ” says Madison , “ and they basically said , ‘ Fuck you , you ’ll see it when we give it to you . ' ”
Court records show the FBI seized hundreds of items , including computers , hard drives , cameras , a World War I - era gas mask , “ anarchy books , ” even an antique needlepoint of Lenin made by Madison ’s wife ’s grandmother .
Several issues of Steampunk Magazine , where Madison writes under the pen name Professor Calamity , were also seized , as was a guide on poisons ( which he says he uses in the writing of mystery novels ) , a Mao Tse- tung refrigerator magnet , and several Buffy the Vampire Slayer DVDs .
A poster in the living room of anarchist philosopher Mikhail Bakunin was left alone ; “ I guess they did n’t know who he was , ” says Madison .
At one point a hazmat team in full protective gear was brought in to investigate a jar of kombucha tea fermenting in the basement .
Madison claims a JTTF agent shook his head and said , “ You guys are just a bunch of hippies ! ”
The raid seemed to have an aimless quality .
Madison was handed a ticket for a packet of fireworks , and an agent who put his hand into a suspected bag of marijuana discovered , painfully , that it was dried stinging nettles , used in homeopathy .
“ It was almost as if they thought , ‘ If we take enough stuff , we ’ll find something to charge them with , ' ” Madison says .
When he was finally shown the cover sheet to the search warrant , it provided for the seizure of any items “ designed or intended as a means of violating the federal rioting laws . ”
The federal anti-riot statute — 18 USC § 2101 — makes it a felony to engage in interstate travel to “ organize , promote , encourage , participate in , or carry on a riot . ”
The statute is almost never invoked , but was used to indict the Chicago 7 for their organizing activities during the 1968 Democratic National Convention .
That case was ultimately appealed and thrown out on other grounds , so the constitutionality of the anti-riot statute has never been challenged in the Supreme Court .
Critics have long contended that it is vague , overbroad , and designed to suppress protest activity and free expression .
Applied in the current context , “ it starts to criminalize dissent , to conflate terrorism with demonstrations , and that ’s a very , very dangerous notion , ” says lawyer Stolar .
“ Essentially it ’s prosecution for a thought crime . ”
The fallout from the G20 protests has gotten curiouser and curiouser .
In an unexpected move , the Pittsburgh charges against Madison and Wallschlaeger were summarily dismissed .
A spokesman for the Allegheny County district attorney said that the defendants ’ actions “ may have been related to more expansive activities ” and “ that until further investigative activities by law enforcement agencies can be completed , it would be more prudent to have the current charges withdrawn . ”
Whatever the JTTF was up to , in other words , would remain secret , along with the sealed warrant that the Pennsylvania state troopers had used .
At around the same time , during an October hearing on the Queens raid , a prosecutor revealed that a federal grand jury had been convened to investigate protest activities .
The affidavits containing the allegations that convinced a judge to approve the search of Madison ’s house also remain sealed .
Federal and grand juries are conducted in utter secrecy and have enormous power .
The old joke is that they can “ indict a ham sandwich , ” but if they turn up nothing , they can disappear with no public disclosure .
Stolar does n’t know of anyone who has been summoned , but given the course of events , “ I would say they ’re looking to go after what they consider to be hardcore demonstrators , ” he says .
“ I have very little faith in government anyway , ” says Madison , “ but this is something I would have expected more under the Bush regime . ”
A spokesman for the US attorney for the Eastern District of New York declined to comment on the investigation .
Madison and his housemates are trying to get on with their lives , not knowing when , or if , the other shoe will drop .
“ Nothing could ever happen and we ’ll never know why , ” says Madison , sitting in the living room of his Queens home , the broken lock on the front door still unrepaired .
“ We ’re anarchists , ” he adds , “ but that ’s not illegal , and it ’s actually a good thing .
We ’re not ashamed of it .
Part of the thing with the government is to make you feel not only afraid but also ashamed .
That ’s just not going to work with me . ”
Vodafone e Sony Ericsson hanno appena presentato sul mercato italiano il nuovo Sony Ericsson Vivaz .
Nel frattempo , molti sono in attesa per Xperia X10 , terminale di punta Android che dovrebbe debuttare non oltre fine mese .
I prezzi ?
299 € ( ufficiali ) per il Vivaz , 499 € ( stimati ) per X10 .
Vodafone e Sony Ericsson presentano in italia il nuovo Sony Ericsson Vivaz , disponibile in esclusiva in tutti i punti vendita Vodafone ed all ’interno dello shop online del sito web www.vodafone.it.
Vodafone offre il nuovo Sony Ericsson Vivaz a tutti i clienti privati a partire da 0 euro a seconda del piano di abbonamento scelto .
Cosa offre Vivaz ?
Un sistema operativo Symbian 5th Edition con video HD di alta qualità utilizzando le più recenti funzionalità di video capture e condivisione .
Sony Ericsson Vivaz e’ dotato una memoria fino a 50 MB con micro SD Card da 8GB inclusa nella confezione , schermo da 3.2 pollici a oltre 16 milioni di colori , e dimensioni di 640 x 360 pixel , fotocamera da 8.1 Megapixel con zoom digitale 4x .
Il telefono e’ disponibile nei colori black , blue e pink .
Inoltre , con Sony Ericsson Vivaz è possibile accedere ad alcuni fra i principali servizi Vodafone 360 , come l’App
Shop , dove sono disponibili migliaia di applicazioni , musica e giochi e il nuovo portale Vodafone My Web personalizzabile e sempre sincronizzato tra cellulare e PC .
Grazie al Navigatore e alla funzione GPS sarà possibile raggiungere ogni destinazione e visualizzare sulla mappa punti di interesse e luoghi preferiti .
In più , con Vodafone Active Homescreen sara ’ possibile accedere direttamente dal display del cellulare con un solo click a Internet , a tutte le funzionalità del telefono e alle applicazioni .
Vodafone Italia offre il nuovo Sony Ericsson Vivaz a tutti i propri clienti ricaricabili e abbonamento in un’ampia gamma di offerte e piani tariffari .
Vediamole di seguito :
I clienti in abbonamento che sceglieranno uno dei piani Più Facile potranno avere il proprio Sony Ericsson Vivaz ad un prezzo vantaggioso ( da 0 a 249 € in base al piano sottoscritto ) , oltre a minuti gratuiti verso tutti e minuti illimitati verso il numero Vodafone preferito , senza scatto alla risposta ;
Per i clienti che sceglieranno l’Offerta Smartphone , sarà possibile acquistare il Sony Ericsson Vivaz con rate di 19 € al mese per 24 mesi , senza alcun contributo iniziale e con Mobile Internet inclusa per la navigazione .
In aggiunta , per utilizzare liberamente le funzionalità e i servizi Vodafone 360 e navigare su internet con il nuovo Sony Ericsson Vivaz , Vodafone propone Mobile Internet , l’offerta dati che consente di effettuare fino a 2 GB di traffico al mese .
L’offerta Mobile Internet è disponibile a 10 € al mese per i clienti abbonamento e 3 € a settimana ( con 500 MB di traffico settimanale ) per i clienti ricaricabili .
Non solo mediante contratto : Sony Ericsson Vivaz è anche disponibile per tutti ad un prezzo di 299 € .
...e Xperia X10 ?!
InformaticaEasy .net sta seguendo da vicino le vicende che coinvolgono questo attesissimo terminale , la cui data di lancio è stata rimandata più volte , così come sono stati rinviati a giudizio futuro da parte di Sony Ericsson le perplessità di molti potenziali futuri acquirenti di X10 .
Cerchiamo di riassumere la situazione fino a quella odierna ricapitolando , tramite gli articoli pubblicati su InformaticaEasy .
net e mediante le ultime news , ciò che sapiamo per certo di questo terminale :
LA PRESENTAZIONE UFFICIALE di Novembre 2009
InformaticaEasy .net prende parte alla presentazione ufficiale italiana di Xperia X10 presso gli Uffici della sede italiana di Sony Ericsson a Milano : a QUESTO link maggiori informazioni , nonchè rapida prova sul campo e intervista esclusiva al Dott.
Orazio Corva , Marketing Manager di Sony Ericsson italia .
I RINVII
Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 non debutta a fine febbraio così come preventivato da Sony Ericsson .
Si parla di bug software che necessitano di ottimizzazioni , ma non vi è nulla di ufficiale relativamente alla motivazione di tale ritardo .
L'INTERVISTA UFFICIALE DI INFORMATICAEASY.NET
a Sony Ericsson
Per cercare di porre fine a molte delle domande e dubbi diffusisi sul web , ho ottenuto un'intervista esclusiva da Sony Ericcson in cui ho cercato di carpire quante più risposte possibili .
QUI l'articolo completo .
LE FIERE INTERNAZIONALI MWC e CeBIT 2010
In occasione di queste due fiere internazionali di informatica , Xperia X10 compare nuovamente al pubblico presso gli stand Sony Ericsson , mostrandosi più stabile e reattivo dal punto di vista software .
Nessun aggiornamento sostanziale relativo all 'interfaccia software SE e al sistema operativo .
Al Mobile World Congress , in particolare , vengono inoltre presentati Vivaz e Xperia X10 Mini ( entrambi i terminali anche in versione Pro con tastiera QWERTY fisica ) .
Fate click QUI per maggiori dettagli .
NUOVE INFORMAZIONI SULL'AGGIORNAMENTO
SOFTWARE
Durante un'intervista informale con un sito web estero , un esponente di Sony Ericsson svela che Xperia X10 verrà aggiornato subito dopo il lancio ad una successiva versione di Android , quasi certamente la 2.1 .
Il multitouch NON verrà supportato neppure dopo l'aggiornamento , tuttavia il display dovrebbe vantare un maggior numero di colori in seguito a tale aggiornamento .
Secondo indiscrezioni ancora più recenti , invece , Sony Ericsson sta progettando di rendere addirittura disponibile un aggiornamento per X10 ad Android 2.2 .
IL PREZZO IN ITALIA
Conforme alle stime fatte da Sony Ericsson lo scorso Novembre , Xperia compare da poco in anteprima sul sito MediaWorld ad un prezzo di 499 € .
Si suppone dunque che Xperia X10 verrà offerto in Italia al medesimo prezzo , non appena disponibile .
Intanto , Vodafone UK parla di disponibilità a partire da Aprile .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A man who pushed a woman on to a live railway track after a row about him smoking has been jailed for four years .
Ionel Rapisca , 33 , was found guilty of causing grievous bodily harm by shoving Linda Buchanan off the platform at Farningham Road , Kent , in August 2008 .
The court heard Ms Buchanan , 59 , landed close to a 750 - volt live rail , breaking her wrist .
Judge Charles Macdonald QC told Mr Rapisca , of Joyce Green Lane , Dartford , it was a case of " rail rage " .
Rapisca was cleared of causing grievous bodily harm with intent but convicted of an alternative charge of causing grievous bodily harm after more than three hours of deliberation by the jury .
My intention was only ever to politely explain to Mr Rapisca that it is against the law to smoke at this station
Linda Buchanan Judge Macdonald said Rapisca would serve half his sentence in prison and the remaining half on licence but would be liable for recall if he reoffends .
During the trial the court heard that senior management consultant Ms Buchanan warned Rapisca not to smoke at the station , telling him : " I do n't like the smell of cancer . "
The following day , on 6 August 2008 , Ms Buchanan encountered the carpenter again as she waited for the 0712 BST service .
The trial at Maidstone Crown Court heard that Rapisca made an " obscene noise " with his mouth before shoving her on to the track with both hands .
The attack was captured on CCTV .
This was a very grave crime .
You could easily have killed this victim .
As it is , her career is over
Judge Charles Macdonald QC
Ms Buchanan suffered a fractured wrist in the attack , severe bruising to her thigh , as well as post - traumatic stress disorder .
The victim told the court she thought Rapisca was going to jump on to the tracks to " finish me off " but instead he dragged her on to the platform .
Rapisca 's brother - in - law , who was also at the station , retrieved her mobile phone before both men fled .
Ms Buchanan was made redundant in 2008 following a review by her employer , which Judge Charles Macdonald QC linked to the stress disorder she suffered as a result of the fall .
Ionel Rapisca was jailed for four years for the attack Jailing Rapisca , the judge told him : " This was a very grave crime .
You could easily have killed this victim .
" As it is , her career is over and she has an enduring psychiatric illness . "
Ms Buchanan , who was not in court , said in a statement : " I am delighted with the result of the court case today and glad to have closure after 18 months .
" My intention was only ever to politely explain to Mr Rapisca that it is against the law to smoke at this station and I remain incredibly shocked how this resulted in such an unprovoked attack of violence . "
She added : " This had a major impact on my life and I now look forward to moving on to the next chapter . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
How Greed and Easy Money Corrupted Wall Street and Shook the World Economy Learn More ...
Quote of the Day
If others are allowed to , that does not mean you are .
Latin Proverb
I 'm going to fight for a public option until we get one .
It really is that simple .
The American people want the choice of a public option .
I 'm going to stand up for what the majority of the American people want again and again and again and I 'm going to keep doing it until we win .
Now is not the time to give up and accept less .
With 40 Senators on the record in support of passing a public option by majority vote , we 've proven that the majority of Senate Democrats are ready to get the job done .
All it takes now is leadership .
It only takes one senator to offer an amendment from the Senate floor to bring the inclusion of a public option to a vote this year .
So today , we 're bringing back the bat .
Democrats in Washington think that if they pass healthcare reform by the end of March , they 'll be done no matter what 's in the bill .
But they 're wrong .
If the bill does n't include a public option , we 're not going away and we will not forget .
Send Washington a message that they understand .
CONTRIBUTE RIGHT NOW
By Georgy ------ 26527 views
At the age of 33 , Jesus was condemned to death penalty .
That was then the “ worst ” death .
Only the worst criminals could die like Jesus .
And with Jesus things were worst , because not all the criminals condemned to death could receive nails on their hands and feet .
Of course , nails …
Big nails !
Each was 15 a 20 cm long , with a point of 6 cm .
Another point was sharp .
The nails were craved into the pulses , and not into the palms , as we are used to hear .
In the pulse , there ’s a tendon which extends till the shoulder , and when the nails were being hammered , that tendon broke , obliging Jesus to reinforce all the muscles of his back , so that he could breath as He was loosing all the air from his lungs .
In this way , He was forced to support Himself onto the nail craved in his feet , which was bigger than those craved into his pulses , for both feet were craved together .
And , as his feet could not endure for long time without tearing , Jesus was forced to alternate that “ cycle ” so that He could breath .
Jesus endured that reality over 3 hours .
Yes , over 3 hours !
Long time , is n’t it ?
Few minutes before
He died , Jesus was not bleeding anymore .
He was simply pouring water from his cuts and holes .
When we imagine Him injured , we only picture Him with injuries , but it is not enough ;
His wounds were true holes , made in his body .
He had no more blood to bleed , He only poured water .
Human body is composed by near 3.5 litres of blood ( for adult ) .
Jesus poured all 3.5 litres of his blood ;
He had three nails hammered into his members ; a crown of thorns on his head and , beyond that , a Roman soldier who nailed a spear into his chest .
All these without mentioning the humiliation
He passed after carrying his own cross for almost 2 kilometres , while the crowd spat on his face and throwed stones ( the cross was almost 30 kg of weight , only for its higher part , where his hands were nailed ) .
Jesus had to pass all this experience , so that you can have free access to God .
So that your sins could be “ washed ” .
All of them , with no exception !
Do n’t ignore this situation .
HE DIED FOR YOU !.
For you , who now read this in this site .
Do not believe that He only died for others ( those who go to the church or for pastors , bishops , etc ) .
He died for you !
It is easy to pass jokes or foolish photos by e-mail , but when it comes to God , sometimes you feel ashamed to forward to others because you are worried on what they may think about your moral .
Accept the reality , the truth that JESUS IS THE ONLY SALVATION FOR THE WORLD ..
God has plans for you , show all your friends what He experienced to save you ..
Now think on this !
May God bless your life !
60 seconds with God …
During 60 seconds , leave whatsoever your doing and seize this opportunity !
Let ’s see if satan can stop this .
Yes , I love God .
He is my source of life and my saviour .
He keeps me alive day and night .
Without Him , I am nothing , but with Him “ I can do all things through Christ which strengtheneth me ” .
Philippians 4:13 .
This is the simply proof .
If you love God and your are not ashamed for all things
He has done for you , send this to all those you love .
Share with friends : Email
Facebook
Twitter
Print
Editor 's Note : Jason took in the game in South Florida last night .
This is a chronicle of his experience at the game .
Well I 'm officially 0 and 3 .
In my 3rd Flyer game of the season the Flyers dropped a blowout 7 - 4 to the Panthers in Sunrise , you can read a recap of my first two games here and here and unfortunately the results of this game were no different .
Blame goaltending lack of offense intensity or whatever you want , but this Flyer team has proven that it is wildly inconsistent at best and will not be a serious force in the playoffs , no matter what management tells us .
I ’m not going to try to rehash the play by play of the game , after all , you probably watched it yourself , but I ’ll try to give you my fan experience after the jump …
I ’ve always wanted to type after the jump …
The day promised to be a wild one with the March 1st trade deadline , I was not sure the Flyers team I had watched all season would be the same one I watched tonight , however as I said on Broad Street Radio last week I was not confident in Paul Holmgren making any moves and on this day he did just that and this Flyer team remained unchanged after a flurry of trade activity .
Mid-afternoon I had managed to do more than Paul Holmgren had .
I had upgraded my $ 9 nosebleed seats to $ 50 ADT club seats .
Thanks to craigslist and the lack of demand for Panthers tickets , I was assured that I would have a good seat and all the food and beer I could drink to watch the Flyers inevitable victory over a Florida Panther team that had traded most of their talent for draft picks earlier that day .
As a side note , if you ’re a Panther fan or a hockey fan that lives in South Florida or even someone planning a trip and you decide to take in a game at the Bank Atlantic Center , there is no better deal than the ADT club .
A glass of beer at the arena is $ 8.00 , a basket of chicken fingers and fries is around the same .
Assume you are taking two people who will both have a minimum of 2 beers and your tab with upper deck seats is minimum $ 70.00 .
For as little as $ 30 more , you can drink all the beer , coffee , soda you want and have a wonderful buffet dinner .
We arrived at the rink about 15 minutes prior to game time .
The crowd while not sparse was about 2 - 1 Panthers fans to Flyers fans .
Looking out at the arena , the upper deck was mostly empty and the lower deck was about 3 / 4 full which was not surprising for a weekday Panther game , especially given that you almost need a program to keep track of who is playing for the home team .
Despite the inevitable buildup of Richards first trip to Florida since concussing David Booth there was not much buzz in the air that soon changed .
Three seconds into game the gloves came off and suddenly the crowd was buzzing , two seconds later the gloves were dropped again and now there was electricity in the air .
However it is sad to say the two groups of fans standing next to us had no idea why .
The first group composed of Islander fans asked what transpired previously in the season to cause 2 fights in five seconds .
The second group sitting in front of us also wondered the same question when Richards and Booth dropped the gloves shortly thereafter .
One of the fans , after explaining to him the history between the two teams was quite excited and remarked ; " I do n't watch too many hockey games but I 'm certainly enjoying this one . "
This then segued into a ten minute conversation about the Olympics and which players played for what teams .
I was a little confused at this point .
There was Chico Car Bombs playing on the first line and of the 3 fights , he did n’t participate in any of them .
Perhaps he ’s suddenly gifted with offensive prowess or perhaps nobody on the Panther ’s is tough enough to take him on , I suppose there are just some things I will never know or understand .
Who is this Tarnasky kid ?
And why was he so gung ho to throw down with Asham ?
( more on this later ) .
Speaking of Asham , does anyone else imagine Asham as a foreign guy that speaks like 3 words of English , with one of them being the F word and he just runs around yelling " < expletive > you " in a crazy foreign accent and then fights guys ?
Yeah , I guess I ’m the only one .
The Panthers clearly had the momentum after the Booth fight and quickly scored a fluke goal .
The Flyers undaunted pressed for the equalizer and clearly dominated the Panthers however as has often been the case all season , dumb penalties led to a 2 - 0 hole at the intermission .
Normally I might have just written the Flyers off , but in their last couple of games the Flyers have shown their ability to come back from a two goal deficit and win the game .
During the intermission , one of my sources in the media came down to visit with me .
Yes , Eklund " Mueller to the Thrashers " ( E4 ) is not the only one with sources .
He informs me that Tarnasky is some kid that is trying to prove that he can fight and Asham was apparently giving him lessons .
My views on Asham have not changed .
He hopes that he can bring us to meet a few players after the game .
It ’s actually good to see two teams that genuinely seem to hate each other and yet , I in my Richards jersey did n’t get heckled by one Florida Panther fan .
I was seriously nervous before the game , like that pit in your stomach , is the high school bully going to beat me up for wearing this shirt , type nervous .
I guess there was nothing to be worried about , as 100 % of the fans around me had no clue who David Booth even was .
The second period saw the Flyers trim the lead to one and I believed the rally was on .
During the next TV timeout , I thought it might be safe to utilize the facilities because the game seemed pretty defensively minded .
I could n’t have been more wrong .
As I return the Panthers struck again .
I decided that I needed another beer and as I turned around the Flyers somehow answered the goal .
The bartender offered me 2 beers and when the Panthers scored quickly thereafter I knew it was not the Flyers night .
It was kind of ironic that Paul Holmgren showed so much faith in the Flyer goaltending and with Leighton on the bench in favor of Brian Boucher the Panthers quickly tallied to begin the rout .
The floodgates were open , the Flyers seemed demoralized the crowd was rocking and the Panthers soon made it 6 - 2 .
The Flyers did show some resiliency at the end of the second on the power play .
I did not see the goal clearly because it was at the other end of the ice and I asked my wife ; " who scored that ? "
Then the replay came on and there was the patented fist pump and I knew immediately that Briere had made the game slightly more interesting .
The third period , unfortunately , was rather uneventful on the ice .
The Flyers launched 20 shots on goal , but Vokoun showed why goaltending is important in this league as he only allowed a meaningless tally to Parent .
There was however a couple of significant highlights to the 3rd period , a group of rabid hockey fans , led by Elvis in a Chicago Blackhawks jersey , about 7 rows from the ice managed to get the half full arena to do the wave , four times around .
I also have to admit that Stanley C Panther and Mini Stanley put on a sensational fight of their own , brawling after a mock tug of war .
Of course , by the end of the third , the arena was mostly empty .
This was by all accounts a pretty sad display by the Flyers .
Here is a Panther team that was icing literally half a defensive core from the AHL and had n’t scored more than 2 goals a game since Scott Mellanby killed a rat in the dressing room , or at least since the Russian Rocket Pavel Bure , won the Maurice Richard trophy .
After the game , Pronger and Richards told the media that it was n’t the goaltending that was to blame for this lopsided loss .
Well , I ’m here to tell you that the goaltending was awful .
I ’m not much for predictions , but if this is the goaltending they are taking into the playoffs , we ’re in big trouble .
What ’s that , trade deadline was yesterday ?
This is the goaltending we are looking at ?
Yeah , we ’re in trouble .
Oh and the unintentional comedy on the empty net goal was incredible .
Go watch the replay of McCabe ’s goal ; he literally launches it in the air over the Flyer defender , almost like a PAT attempt .
I was praying for " wide right " , unfortunately , the kick was good .
I clearly do not understand why people do n’t attend more hockey games at the Bank Atlantic Center .
The parking is easy , the fans are friendly , the mascots are hilarious , they have good fan giveaways and even the BOVA Ice Dancers are fun .
They seriously should have to be able to skate , like the girls in Tampa , but who am I too complain .
They even had a curling promo for the new curling leagues forming at the Panthers practice facility .
I suppose people could complain about the drive from Fort Lauderdale , but it really is easy to get too .
The team sucks ?
It did n’t look like it last night , course this Flyer team also makes backup , unknown goaltenders look like future hall of famers , so who am I to judge ?
After the game , we headed down to the player buses , where we hoped that my media source can get us past security to get some photo ’s and autographs .
My wife wants her photo between Pronger and Hartnell , the two Flyer " bad " boys .
I just want Richards to sign my Winter Classic ticket .
Apparently , you give a guy a badge and he thinks ’ he ’s god .
I actually used that line once on a security guard , the results were the same , we did n’t get in .
Hey , the guy was just doing his job .
We did manage to catch Coatsey on our way out though and his attractive assistant … wife maybe …. took our picture with the Flyer color man .
Wow , she was smoking hot , too bad on this night the Flyers were n’t .
via www.hockeyoutsiders.com
The billionaire owners of privately held technology company Koch Industries funneled nearly $ 50 million in donations to climate change denial groups between 1997 and 2008 , according to a new report from Greenpeace International .
“ This private , out - of - sight corporation is now a partner to ExxonMobil , the American Petroleum Institute and other donors that support organizations and front - groups opposing progressive clean energy and climate policy , ” Greenpeace explains .
“ In fact , Koch has out - spent ExxonMobil in funding these groups in recent years .
From 2005 to 2008 , ExxonMobil spent $ 8.9 million while the Koch Industries - controlled foundations contributed $ 24.9 million in funding to organizations of the Ã¢â‚ ¬Ëœclimate denial machineÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢. ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Charles and David [ Koch ] have a vested interest in preventing climate action , ” the environmental group notes .
“ TheyÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ve made billions from Koch Industries , an oil and manufacturing giant that is the second largest privately - held company in America with tentacles extending around the globe .
ItÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s time more people were aware of the brothers Koch and just what theyÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢re up to . ”
In recent months , the Koch brothers have come under fire from a number of sources for their funding of a hard - right agenda .
Last December , AlterNet reported that “ billionaire brothers David and Charles Koch are the wealthiest , and perhaps most effective , opponents of President Obama ’s progressive agenda . …
At the dawn of the Obama presidency , Koch groups quickly maneuvered to try to stop his first piece of signature legislation : the stimulus . …
As their fronts were battling the stimulus , David ’s Americans for Prosperity ( AFP ) spent the opening months of the Obama presidency placing calls and helping to organize the very first ‘ tea party ’ protests . ”
Rolling Stone also singled out the Koch brothers in a January article titled “ The Climate Killers , ” which noted how , “ in addition to fomenting last summer ’s town - hall brawls over health care reform , AFP sponsored a ‘ Hot Air Tour ’ on climate change , deploying a manned balloon at 75 events for the purpose of ‘ Exposing the Ballooning Costs of Global Warming Hysteria . ’
At the events , the group ’s president , Tim Phillips , grossly exaggerated the costs of climate legislation , calling it a trillion - dollar tax on American families . ”
The newly - issued Greenpeace report , however , goes into unprecedented detail on the network of Koch - backed organizations and politicians that make up what it describes as a “ web of dirty money and influence . ”
“ The company Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢s tight knit network of lobbyists , former executives and organizations has created a forceful stream of misinformation that Koch - funded entities produce and disseminate , ” the report states .
“ This campaign propaganda is then replicated , repackaged and echoed many times throughout the Koch - funded web of political front groups and think tanks . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The report cites “ ClimateGate ” as one example of this Koch machine at work , noting , “ At least twenty Koch - funded organizations have repeatedly rebroadcast , referenced and appeared as media spokespeople in the story , dubbed ‘ ClimateGate , ’ of supposed malfeasance by climate scientists gleaned from a cache of stolen emails from the University of East Anglia in November 2009 .
These organizations claim the emails prove a ‘ conspiracy ’ of scientists and casts doubt on the scientific consensus regarding climate change . ”
Among the top recipients of Koch funding are Americans for Prosperity , the Heritage Foundation , and the Cato Institute , which was co-founded by Charles Koch in 1977 .
Lesser amounts have gone to such groups as Grover Norquist ’s Americans for Tax Reform and the Capital Research Center , which has been the primary source of ACORN - related conspiracy theories .
Prominent members of Congress to whom Koch has donated generously include Republicans Eric Cantor ( R - VA ) and John Boehner ( R - OH ) and Democrat Blanche Lincoln ( D - AR ) .
ADVERTISEMENT
Koch Industries has already issued an official response to the Greenpeace report .
“ Koch companies and Koch foundations have worked to advance economic freedom and market - based policy solutions to challenges faced by society , ” it states .
“ The Greenpeace report mischaracterizes these efforts and distorts the environmental record of our companies . …
We have tried to help bring out the facts of the potential effectiveness and costs of policies proposed to deal with climate , as itÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s crucial to understand whether proposed initiatives to reduce greenhouse gases will achieve desired environmental goals and what effects they would likely have on the global economy . ”
“ I do n’t think we should consider signing on to a deal that makes us virtually the sole country in the world that is going to take any action . ”
( Stephen Harper , Toronto Star , September 5 , 2002 )
“ Kyoto does virtually nothing to deal with pollution and to deal with the quality of the air that we breathe .
Let ’s forget about this unworkable treaty ..
Kyoto ’s never going to be passed . ” ( Stephen Harper , Toronto Star , September 5 , 2002 )
“ This may be a lot of fun for a few scientific and environmental elites in Ottawa , but ordinary Canadians from coast to coast will not put up with what this will do to their economy and lifestyle . ”
( Stephen Harper , Toronto Star , September 5 , 2002 )
“ No , what I am supportive of is , frankly , not ratifying the Kyoto agreement and not implementing it . ” ( Stephen Harper , CTV News , September 6 , 2002 )
“ [ Gobal warming ] is a scientific hypothesis and a controversial one . ” ( Stephen Harper , Toronto Star , September 5 , 2002 )
“ Carbon dioxide is not a pollutant . ” ( Stephen Harper , Hansard , October 11 , 2002 )
“ We cannot predict the weather tomorrow with absolute accuracy .
We certainly cannot predict the climate 100 years from now …
Models have been constructed that suggest there could well be a base line increase of about 2.5 °C over 100 years .
There is no particular knowledge at the moment whether that relationship has to do with natural or man-made carbon dioxide .
Frankly , over the last few years we have failed to see the full rise in global temperatures that the models predict . ”
( Stephen Harper , Hansard , October 24 , 2002 )
“ The relationship of carbon dioxide to global warming also involves complicated and complex science that is far from settled .
It is a matter of significant debate . ” ( Stephen Harper , Hansard , October 24 , 2002 )
“ [ Kyoto ] is designed to address the so - called ‘ greenhouse gas ’ phenomenon , the hypothesis that the increase of certain gases – not necessarily pollutants – contribute to a long - term global warming trend . ”
( Stephen Harper , Address at the Ottawa Leader ’s Dinner , November 20 , 2002 )
“ As economic policy the Kyoto Accord is a disaster .
As environmental policy it is a fraud . ”
( Stephen Harper , Address at the Ottawa Leader ’s Dinner , November 20 , 2002 )
.. Canada ’s implementation will not lead to global reductions of CO2 .
In fact the transfer of wealth , jobs and emissions to non-target countries virtually ensures that carbon dioxide emissions will increase under the Kyoto Protocol ” ( Stephen Harper , Address at the Ottawa Leader ’s Dinner , November 20 , 2002 )
“ My party ’s position on the Kyoto Protocol is clear and has been for a long time .
We will oppose ratification of the Kyoto Protocol and its targets .
We will work with the provinces and others to discourage the implementation of those targets .
And we will rescind the targets when we have the opportunity to do so . ”
( Stephen Harper , Ottawa Citizen , November 22 , 2002 )
“ . there is no environmental benefit [ to Kyoto ] of any kind . ” ( Transcript of Stephen Harper interview on the Rafe Mair Show , CKNW Radio Vancouver , November 29 , 2002 )
“ We think the deal itself [ Kyoto ] is simply bogus . ” ( Transcript of Stephen Harper interview on the Rafe Mair Show , CKNW Radio Vancouver , November 29 , 2002 )
“ Carbon dioxide which is a naturally occurring gas vital to the life cycles of this planet .
Smog is an entirely different issue is not covered by this treaty . ”
( Transcript of Stephen Harper interview on the Rafe Mair Show , CKNW Radio Vancouver , November 29 , 2002 )
“ We can debate whether or not … CO2 does or does not contribute to global warming .
I think the jury is out . ”
( Stephen Harper interview on the Rafe Mair Show , CKNW Radio Vancouver , November 29 , 2002 )
“ I will not comment at any length about the science of this other than to say the science remains in flux and is controversial .
This is not just about issues of global warming or how these gases contribute to global warming , but the very reality that there has been constant climate change in the earth ’s history .
We know this and quite frankly science knows very little about why over the epochs and the centuries those temperature changes have taken place in the first place . ”
( Stephen Harper , Hansard , December 9 , 2002 )
“ The Kyoto protocol does not deal with critical environmental issues . ” ( Stephen Harper , Address on the Kyoto Accord , December 9 , 2002 )
“ The accord does negatively impact every region of the country .
So rather than talk up separation , it is important to build a coalition across the country to defeat Kyoto . ”
( Stephen Harper , Report Newsmagazine , December 16 , 2002 )
“ We ’re gearing up for the biggest struggle our party has faced since you entrusted me with the leadership .
I ’m talking about the “ battle of Kyoto ” — our campaign to block the job - killing , economy - destroying Kyoto Accord .
It would take more than one letter to explain what ’s wrong with Kyoto , but here are a few facts about this so - called “ Accord ” :
It ’s based on tentative and contradictory scientific evidence about climate trends .
It focuses on carbon dioxide , which is essential to life , rather than upon pollutants .
Canada is the only country in the world required to make significant cuts in emissions .
Third World countries are exempt , the Europeans get credit for shutting down inefficient Soviet - era industries , and no country in the Western hemisphere except Canada is signing .
Implementing Kyoto will cripple the oil and gas industry , which is essential to the economies of Newfoundland , Nova Scotia , Saskatchewan , Alberta and British Columbia .
As the effects trickle through other industries , workers and consumers everywhere in Canada will lose .
THERE ARE NO CANADIAN WINNERS UNDER THE KYOTO ACCORD .
The only winners will be countries such as Russia , India , and China , from which Canada will have to buy “ emissions credits . ”
Kyoto is essentially a socialist scheme to suck money out of wealth - producing nations .
On top of all this , Kyoto will not even reduce greenhouse gases .
By encouraging transfer of industrial production to Third World countries where emissions standards are more relaxed , it will almost certainly increase emissions on a global scale
Jean Chrétien says he will introduce a resolution to ratify Kyoto into Parliament and get it passed before Christmas .
We will do everything we can to stop him there , but he might get it passed with the help of the socialists in the NDP and the separatists in the BQ .
But the “ battle of Kyoto ” is just beginning .
Ratification is merely symbolic ; Kyoto will not take effect unless and until it is implemented by legislation .
We will go to the wall to stop that legislation and at that point we will be on much stronger procedural ground than in trying to block a mere resolution .
The Reform Party defeated the Charlottetown Accord in an epic struggle in the fall of 1992 .
Now the Canadian Alliance is leading the battle against the Kyoto Accord !
But we ca n’t do it alone .
It will take an army of Canadians to beat Kyoto , just as it did to beat Charlottetown .
We ca n’t stop Kyoto just in Parliament .
We need your help at all levels .
We need you to inform yourself about Kyoto , to discuss it with your friends and neighbours , and to write protest letters to newspapers and the government .
And , yes , we need your gifts of money .
The “ battle of Kyoto ” is going to lead directly into the next election .
We need your contribution of $ 500 , or $ 250 , or $ 100 , or whatever you can afford , to help us drive the Liberals from power .
Yours truly ,
Stephen Harper , MP
Leader of the Opposition
PS : The “ battle of Kyoto ” shows why the Canadian Alliance is so important to you and to Canada .
All the other federal parties are supporting Kyoto ( Liberals , NDP , BQ ) or speaking out of both sides of their mouth ( Tories ) .
Only the Canadian Alliance is strong and fearless enough to block dangerous and destructive schemes like the Charlottetown Accord and the Kyoto Accord .
( Stephen Harper , Letter to Canadian Reform Alliance Party supporters , 2002 )
“ This is just the beginning of the biggest black - hole boondoggle in Canadian history . ” ( Stephen Harper , National Post , August 13 , 2003 )
“ The science is still evolving [ with respect to climate change . ] ” ( Stephen Harper , Toronto Star , June 10 , 2004 )
“ Carbon dioxide does not cause or contribute to smog , and the Kyoto treaty would do nothing to reduce or prevent smog . ” ( Stephen Harper , Toronto Star , June 10 , 2004 ) .
“ I think these are subjects where we know a lot less than some claim we know .
Climate is always changing .
My suspicion is that human activities have some impact upon that but I think the jury is out on a lot of the actual specific trends . ”
( Stephen Harper , Interview with Frontier Centre for Public Policy , May 18 , 2004 )
“ I think these are subjects where we know a lot less than some claim we know .
Climate is always changing .
My suspicion is that human activities have some impact upon that but I think the jury is out on a lot of the actual specific trends . ”
( Stephen Harper , Interview with Frontier Centre for Public Policy , May 18 , 2004 )
“ Redirect federal spending aimed at fulfilling the terms of the increasingly irrelevant Kyoto Protocol . ” ( Stephen Harper , Ottawa Citizen , June 8 , 2005 )
“ It ’ll be a lot harder for the Liberals to run their campaign of fear .
In fact , they ’ll have troubling explaining why it was that the [ Prince Edward ]
Island did n’t actually sink into the Gulf of St. Lawrence after all . ”
( Stephen Harper , speech to the PEI PC Party , April 28 , 2006 )
“ But Canadians have made it clear they want us to put one task ahead of all others : protecting and improving our environment .
Ladies and Gentlemen , the fundamental challenge of our time is to make real progress on environmental protection while preserving jobs and standards of living .
Finding that balance will require sound science , rational debate and political will .
Our government understands that global warming is a serious threat to the health and well - being of Canadians .
The just - released report of the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has sounded the alarm yet again .
Rising levels of greenhouses gases in the atmosphere are projected to exacerbate climate changes that could be devastating for many parts of our planet .
My children , your children and all children deserve to grow up in a world where they have clean air to breathe and clean water to drink .
They deserve well - tended land that will sustain healthy crops and livestock .
And they deserve large tracts of unspoiled wilderness , sanctuaries that not only preserve our precious flora and fauna , but also provide opportunities for increasingly urbanized human beings to connect with the natural world .
But in order to bequeath this future to our children , we have to have a realistic plan , not just empty rhetoric .
Our government supports a concerted global effort to deal with climate change – and such an effort must include the major emitters , including the United States and China .
But we can not ask others to act unless we are prepared to start at home , with real action on greenhouse gases and air pollution .
After more than a decade of inaction on air quality and greenhouse gasses , Canada has one of the worst records in the developed world .
The previous government committed to ambitious greenhouse gas targets , and then presided over a 27 % increase .
The result is increased smog in our cities and rising rates of asthma and other ailments .
That is why our government is charting a dynamic new path .
Our program to regulate air quality represents a radical departure from the missed opportunities of past years .
In the weeks ahead , for the first time ever , Canada ’s New Government will move to regulate greenhouse gas emissions from major industrial sectors .
For the first time ever , we will also move to regulate air pollution from major industry sectors .
For the first time ever , we will regulate the fuel efficiency of motor vehicles , beginning with the 2011 model year .
And for the first time ever , we will set out enforceable regulatory targets for the short , medium and long term .
The era of voluntary compliance is over .
In our environmental plan , Canadians will also see our new eco-energy programs that support energy efficiency and stimulate the production of renewable power .
They will see regulations mandating greater use of ethanol and other green fuels .
They will see measures to make energy efficient vehicles more affordable .
They will see better protection from hazardous chemicals through our new Chemicals Management Plan .
And they will see support for wilderness preservation initiatives such as B.C. ’s Great Bear Rainforest conservation project .
Budget 2006 allowed the banking of environmentally sensitive land tax free , and we will be following this in the next few weeks with major conservation initiatives that harness the private sector .
In a nutshell , Canadians will enjoy a cleaner , greener and healthier country – a better Canada . ” ( Stephen Harper , 6 February 2007 , Ottawa )
“ In the interests of time , allow me to focus my remarks this afternoon on the fight against climate change , perhaps the biggest threat to confront the future of humanity today .
Canada may be a small contributor to global warming – our greenhouse gas emissions represent just 2 % of the earth ’s total – but we owe it to future generations to do whatever we can to address this world problem .
And Canadians , blessed as we are , should make a substantial contribution to confronting this challenge .
At this Summit , for the first time ever , Canada will arrive at a G - 8 meeting with a real and realistic action plan on climate change .
Normally , Canada is a country that prides itself on living up to its international obligations and commitments .
But frankly , up to now , our country has been engaged in a lot of “ talking the talk ” but not “ walking the walk ” when it has come to greenhouse gases .
A decade ago our predecessors in government committed our country to the Kyoto protocol .
They said Canada would reduce its emissions to 6 % below 1990 levels beginning in 2008 .
And then they did practically nothing to achieve this goal .
Instead , they maintained policies that pushed emissions in the other direction .
In fact , when we came to office last year , Canada ’s emissions were 33 % above the target and rising .
Which meant , with only months before the targets kicked in , it had become impossible to meet the Kyoto commitment without crippling our economy .
So we vowed to develop a real plan – with real , absolute , mandatory reductions in greenhouse gas emissions .
A plan that ’s practical , affordable and achievable .
A plan that ’s balanced and market - driven .
A plan that deals with our growing economy and population .
But also a plan that achieves real , absolute , mandatory reductions in greenhouse gases and positions Canada as a leader in fighting climate change .
There are elements of our plan that could work not just for Canada , but for many countries in the world – including some of the large emitters that did not accept targets under the Kyoto protocol .
After all , the countries that did accept targets under Kyoto account for less than 30 % of global emissions .
The outsiders included major , growing emitters like China , India and the United States .
Obviously , if we really want to stop climate change , all the big emitters need to step up to the plate and must accept real targets .
It is urgent that we start work now – and this week ’s Summit is the perfect opportunity – to develop a new universal consensus on how to prevent global warming in the post - 2012 period .
Our own domestic plan of action has mandatory greenhouse gas reduction targets for large emitters .
Every year , large emitters must become more energy efficient and emit less carbon per unit of production – intensity improvements of 18 % by 2010 , and 2 % a year beyond that each and every year .
And let me stress that this plan will not allow emissions to continue to grow indefinitely .
Improvements in emissions intensity of this magnitude mean that there will be real , absolute reductions in emissions levels by at least 2012 and as early as 2010 .
It will put us on track to absolute greenhouse gas reductions of 20 % by 2020 .
And , let me be clear , Canada ’s long - term target of a 60 to 70 % reduction of 2006 emissions by 2050 is consistent with cutting global greenhouse gas emissions by half over 1990 levels – a goal sought by the European Union .
The approach we have chosen , basing emissions reduction targets on units of production in the short run , allows growing and developing economies to engage in significant greenhouse gas reductions without putting themselves at immediate risk .
And in the long run , I believe Chancellor Merkel and I are on the same page on this point at least : all countries must embrace ambitious absolute reduction targets , so that the International Panel on Climate Change ’s goal of cutting emissions in half by 2050 can be met .
Of course , it may not be possible for all countries , or all industries and firms within all countries , to reduce their emissions by the same amount on the same time line .
That is why other compliance measures such as carbon offsets and carbon trading are also necessary .
They are part of Canada ’s plan and , provided they are not just an accounting shell game , they must be part of a universal , international regime .
Ladies and gentlemen , it is time for all countries – especially the large emitters represented this week at the meetings of the G8 and the five major developing countries – to come together and cooperate as we move towards a post - 2012 regime .
We cannot afford to have the world divided on this issue , to pit right against left , Europe against America , or the developed countries against the developing world .
We need a plan that takes into account both different starting points and different national circumstances , but that moves us all towards a common destination .
There will be much debate in the weeks and months ahead over the best course of action for the world after the end of the Kyoto Protocol in 2012 .
In the meantime , there is much else we can do .
We ’re involved in a number of international partnerships that are working to develop new technologies – from carbon sequestration to renewable fuels to clean coal – that will lead to significant emission reductions .
Indeed , the agreement signed today between Canada ’s National Research Council and Germany ’s Helmholtz Association will bring together some of the world ’s best researchers in the fields of alternative energy , bio-fuels and other environmentally friendly energy sources .
Technology is the key .
Just as the Stone Age did not end because the world ran out of stones , the Carbon Age will not end because the world runs out of fossil fuels .
Instead , human ingenuity will develop alternative forms of energy as well as cleaner , greener ways to use carbon .
And Canada will be at the forefront , as a green energy superpower . ” ( Stephen Harper , Berlin , 4 June 2007 )
“ The growing menace of climate change is one of the most important public policy challenges of our time …
For at least a decade most Governments , including Canada ’s Government , paid lip service to the issue because they were unwilling to tell the public that reducing carbon emissions will have real economic costs .
We need to take action .
We owe it to future generations , just as we owe them a strong and secure economic future . ”
( Stephen Harper , 7 September 2007 , APEC Business Summit , Australia )
“ Now of course , I am in your city this week on another matter , excuse me , where Canada intends to lead by example , and that is the challenge of climate change .
Yesterday at the U.N. climate change meeting and at last night ’s dinner , leaders joined with the secretary - general to discuss solutions to the problems of rising greenhouse gas emissions .
Let me be clear .
Canada believes we need a new international protocol that contains binding targets for all of the world ’s major emitters , including the United States and China .
And it is through such targets that the development and deployment of new clean energy technology will be stimulated .
That is what we are doing in Canada .
We ’re implementing a national system of mandatory greenhouse gas emission reduction across major industrial sectors .
Our plan will reduce Canada ’s total emissions by 20 percent to the year 2020 , and 60 to 70 percent by 2050 .
And make no mistake ; this system will impose real cost on the Canadian economy .
At the same time , by basing our early targets on emissions intensity , we are balancing effective environmental action with the reality that Canada has a growing population and growing economic output .
The message is that we need to take action .
We owe it to future generations , just as we owe them the opportunity to have the economic prosperity that we do today .
We owe them both — sustainable environment and a prosperous economy .
In the global fight against climate change , Canada will do everything in its power to help develop an effective , all - inclusive international environmental framework that recognizes national economic circumstances , just as we did with the successful Montreal Protocol on the protection of the ozone layer , on which I should add that international progress could not have come without the leadership at the table demonstrated by the United States and China .
The solution to climate change cannot and will not be one size fits all , but neither can nations treat this issue as simply somebody else ’s responsibility .
This is the message we ’ve delivered at home to Canadians .
It ’s the message we brought to our G - 8 colleagues in June at the summit there in Heiligendamm .
It ’s the message we gave to APEC countries and business leaders in Sydney , Australia , two weeks ago , and it ’s the message I conveyed during discussions here in New York . ”
( Stephen Harper , Council on Foreign Relations , September 25 , 2007 )
“ We had a productive dialogue on climate change .
We all recognized the urgency of taking action to minimize the adverse impacts of climate change .
In particular , we recognized the threats to small island states , low - lying coastal states and the least - developed countries .
Those of us going to Copenhagen share a common understanding that we need to act together .
Canada is seeking a long - term international agreement where we all contribute to the solution .
Such an agreement would also encourage the development and use of clean technologies while fostering the economic growth needed to pay for global warming mitigation . ”
( Statement by the Prime Minister of Canada , 29 November 2009 Port of Spain , Trinidad and Tobago )
A funny thing happened in 2007 …
Tags : Canada , Climate change , Kyoto , Stephen Harper
A true story .
I found it incredibly inspiring , so I wanted to share it with all of you .
A seven - year - old girl was doing a school project on sea turtles , and found out something interesting – that the sex of a fertilized egg depends largely on the temperature in which it is laid .
Climate change , therefore , could lead to too many female sea turtles and not enough males , which could further endanger the species .
I did a bit of research on this myself ( here ’s a review paper on the subject ) and am absolutely amazed that a seven - year - old was able to grasp something of this complexity .
She told her parents about it that night , and her dad ’s reaction confused her .
He said that he did n’t believe this theory – that he did n’t think there was any warming and so sea turtles would be just fine .
So the girl went back to school a little confused , and asked her teacher about it , and possibly did some more research , but the gist of the story is that she kept the part about climate change in her sea turtle project .
And she presented it to her parents when she was done .
It gives me hope that , even in this time of rampant miscommunication and misconceptions about climate science , there are still people who know how to assess credibility .
And some of them are only seven .
Last autumn , Barack Obama hosted an evening of classical music at the White House .
Beforehand , he said , " Now , if any of you in the audience are newcomers to classical music , and are n't sure when to applaud , do n't be nervous .
Apparently , President Kennedy had the same problem .
He and Jackie held several classical music events here , and more than once he started applauding when he was n't supposed to .
So the social secretary worked out a system where she 'd signal him through a crack in the door .
Now , fortunately , I have Michelle to tell me when to applaud .
The rest of you are on your own . "
Obama was having fun at the expense of the No Applause Rule , which holds that one must refrain from clapping until all movements of a work have sounded .
No aspect of our modern concert ritual causes more bewilderment .
The problem is not that the Rule is so arcane that even a law professor turned commander - in - chief cannot master it .
Rather , it's that the etiquette and the music sometimes work at cross-purposes .
The noisy codas of the first movement of Beethoven 's " Emperor " and the third movement of Tchaikovsky 's Pathétique demand applause , even beg for it .
The word " applause " comes from the instruction plaudite , which appears at the end of Roman comedies .
Those climactic chords are the musical equivalent of plaudite : they almost mimic the action of putting one 's hands together .
If the president ever clapped in the " wrong " place , he was intuitively following instructions in the score .
This explains why newcomers exhibit anxiety on the subject ; it even appears that fear of incorrect applause can inhibit people from attending concerts , although they may be merely inventing excuses .
Children pose a particular problem .
In literature handed out by music - education associations , the suppression of enthusiasm in children is a major concern .
Programme booklets sometimes contain a list of rules , rendered in the style of God on Mount Sinai : " Thou shalt not applaud between movements of symphonies or other multisectional works listed on the programme . "
And one may only applaud : " Appropriate applause is the only acceptable audible response from the audience . "
The underlying message of the protocol is , in essence : " Curb your enthusiasm .
Do n't get too excited . "
Should we be surprised that people are n't as excited about classical music as they used to be ?
This question of etiquette is only part of the complicated social dilemma in which classical music finds itself .
But I do wonder about the long - term effect of the No Applause Rule , as I wonder about other oddities of concert life : the vaguely Edwardian costumes , the convention - centre lighting schemes , the aggressive affectlessness of many professional musicians .
Whether the format should change is by no means an easy question .
I do n't plan to offer prescriptions .
Indeed , in my view , the chief limitation of the classical ritual is its prescriptive quality ; it supposes that all great works of music are essentially the same , that they can be placed upon a pedestal of a certain shape .
What I would like to see is a more flexible approach , so that the nature of the work dictates the nature of the presentation – and , by extension , the nature of the response .
Mozart played to the crowd
The classical concert of the 18th century was radically different from the rather staid and timid affair of today .
Famous evidence comes from a letter that Mozart wrote to his father after the premiere of his " Paris " Symphony : " Right in the middle of the First Allegro came a Passage that I knew would please , and the entire audience was sent into raptures . . . and as I knew , when I wrote the passage , what good effect it would make , I brought it once more at the end of the movement — and sure enough there they were : the shouts of ' da capo ' . "
This kind of behaviour seems in line with what you find in jazz clubs , where people applaud after each solo , as well as at the end of each number .
In the Romantic era , composers began to reject the idea of music as boisterous entertainment .
Schumann , in the guise of his alter ego Florestan , wrote : " For years I have dreamed of organising concerts for the deaf and dumb , that you might learn from them how to behave yourselves at concerts , especially when they are beautiful .
You should be turned to stone pagodas . "
Mendelssohn , in his " Scottish " Symphony , asked that the work be played without a break , to avoid " the usual lengthy interruptions " .
Wagner played a pivotal , if inadvertent , role in the transformation of audience behaviour .
At the premiere of Parsifal in 1882 , he requested that there be no curtain calls after act two , so as not to " impinge on the impression " .
But the audience misunderstood these remarks to mean that they should n't applaud at all , and total silence greeted the final curtain .
" Did the audience like it or not ? "
Wagner asked .
Two weeks later , he slipped into his box to watch the flower maidens scene .
When it was over , he called out " Bravo ! " – and was hissed .
Alarmingly , Wagnerians were taking Wagner more seriously than he took himself .
In the first decades of the 20th century , mid-symphonic applause was still routine .
When Elgar 's First Symphony had its first London performance , the composer was called out after the first movement .
Around 1900 , though , a group of German musicians and critics began promoting a code of silence , à la Bayreuth .
Hermann Abendroth was among the pioneers : in Lübeck , where he led concerts from 1905 to 1911 , he told his audience not to clap between movements .
By the 1920s , several leading conductors were discouraging excess applause .
At first , many listeners resisted , regarding this as a display of arrogance on the part of superstar maestros .
Olin Downes , chief critic of the New York Times , campaigned against the Rule in the 30s and 40s .
After describing how Koussevitzky had gestured disapprovingly toward his audience when they clapped after the third movement of the Pathétique , Downes exclaimed : " How anti-musical it is !
Snobbism in excelsis ! "
This may go too far .
In many instances , the Rule seems in keeping with the music .
I would n't want applause between movements of , say , Messiaen 's Quartet for the End of Time .
Elsewhere , though , it has a perverse effect .
Emanuel
Ax , not a showboating pianist , complains on his website : " I am always a little taken aback when I hear the first movement of a concerto which is supposed to be full of excitement , passion , and virtuoso display ( like the Brahms or Beethoven Concertos ) , and then hear a rustling of clothing , punctuated by a few coughs ; the sheer force of the music calls for a wild audience reaction . "
It is the sound of people suppressing their instincts .
Worse is the hushing of attempted applause .
People who applaud in the " wrong " place are presumably not in the habit of attending concerts regularly .
They may well be attending for the first time .
Having been hissed at , they may never attend again .
And shushing is itself noise .
I often hear a " shhhh ! " from another part of the hall without having heard whatever minor disturbance elicited it .
In an ironic twist , these self - appointed prefects have made themselves more of a nuisance than those whom they are righteously reprimanding .
Tweet your enthusiasm
Perhaps it is unnatural to expect utter stillness in a public space .
We may be imposing habits of home listening on the concert hall .
Seated before our stereos , we 've grown accustomed to brief bands of silence between movements .
This may explain why resistance to the Rule subsided rather quickly .
Increasingly , individuals gathered in one place to have solitary , inward experiences .
Where listeners were once swept away by music , they now spoke of music sweeping over them , like an impressive weather system over which they had little control .
During the applause debates of the 1920s , the pianist and conductor Ossip Gabrilowitsch said , " It is a mistake to think you have done your part when you buy your tickets . "
There ought to be more give - and - take between performers and audience , he is saying .
Passivity is too easily mistaken for boredom .
Performers , for their part , overdo the detachment .
American orchestral musicians appear to have taken classes in how to show no emotion whatsoever – with the occasional exception of a slight smirk during the composer 's bow or a flicker of a smile during the soloist 's encore .
Music is an art of mind and body ; dance rhythms animate many classics of the repertory .
But in modern classical music , the body seems repressed .
I am both a lifelong classical - music lover and a member of a generation – the so - called Generation X – that , according to scary graphs recently published by the League of American Orchestras , has yet to show the midlife surge of interest in classical music that previous generations displayed .
I went to college with extraordinarily smart people , who knew their art , literature and cinema .
But few of them knew classical music .
I bring such friends to concerts , and although they are pleased to be there , I often sense a slight disappointment .
They admire the music , but the evening in some way falls short .
And I ask myself whether the experience could be modified so that their admiration might turn to love .
There is no lack of proposals aimed at demystifying classical music : theatrical lighting , videos , explanatory messages on handheld devices , invitations to Twitter , and so on .
I have my doubts about many of these , unless the music is by Messiaen , in which case tweeting seems apt .
Yet , for me , the introduction of gadgetry destroys one very distinctive quality of the concert hall – its largely non-electronic nature .
In a totally mediated society , where electronics saturate nearly every minute of our waking lives , surrendering to the natural properties of sound can have an almost spiritual dimension .
Perhaps concerts should be more old - fashioned – more local , communal .
Institutions might work on strengthening the bond between performer and public : remarks beforehand , gatherings afterward , and , certainly , a relaxation of the Rule .
I 'm with Ax when he says , " I think that if there were no ' rules ' about when to applaud , we in the audience would have the right response almost always . "
At the same time , the prevailing atmosphere is too humdrum , too perfunctory .
We are not doing justice to the music 's uncanny presence .
There are too many opportunities for distraction .
It 's disheartening to see people burying their heads in programme booklets .
Why not lower the lights and train the spotlight on the musicians ?
People often ask whether classical music has become too serious .
I sometimes wonder whether it is serious enough .
Certainly , it has acquired a veneer of solemnity , but too often that veneer is a cover for business as usual .
I dream of the concert hall becoming a more vital , unpredictable environment , in thrall to the wildly diverse personalities of composers and performers alike .
The great paradox of modern musical life , whether in the classical or pop arena , is that we both worship our idols and , in a way , straitjacket them .
We consign them to cruelly specific roles : a certain rock band is expected to loosen us up , a certain composer is expected to ennoble us .
Ah , Mozart ; yeah , rock and roll .
But what if a rock band wants to make us think and a composer wants to make us dance ?
Music should be a place where our expectations are shattered .
 This is an edited version of a lecture given to the Royal Philharmonic Society in London on 8 March .
The full text is available at royalphilharmonicsociety.org.uk
Anaheim Ducks ( 30 - 26 - 7 , t- 12th in west ) at Phoenix Coyotes ( 38 - 22 - 5 , 3rd in west ) , 5 pm
Anaheim Calling and Five For Howling -- what a network -y age we live in !
Today 's the day when I try to properly bid farewell to Ryan Whitney , and I tell you -- it 's a bit tricky .
Ducks fans who have lived through Cotton Gin 's turnovers and soft defense are of course thrilled to see the big guy gone , and I 'm ecstatic as an incoming - Lubo fan ( salary cap analysis here ) , but it 's difficult to peg exactly how big a problem Ryan Whitney really was for the Ducks .
The thing about watching Ryan Whitney play is that mostly what you end up noticing is what is n't there -- he 's never quite the sum of his parts .
Sure he 's a hulking 6 ' 4 " but he does n't really hit anyone .
NHL.com might tell you that he 's thrown 71 hits for the Ducks this season , but they are n't noticeable -- he 's a pokecheck - first kind of guy with a lot of reach .
And yes , while he does seem offensively - positioned and does shoot pucks towards the net , but they never seem really threatening or dangerous , and frequently can come the other direction .
His decision - making is sometimes suspect , and when he gets caught flat - footed in the wrong spot , he really gets caught -- he has taken more minor penalties than anyone not named Getzlaf or Perry ( sigh -- hate that they 're the standard ) .
Speaking of Perry , here 's the last moment Ducks fans will remember of Ryan Whitney playing hockey while under a Ducks paycheck :
Ryan
Whitney played only 2:57 of the gold medal game -- I 'm guessing this was his final shift .
Despite his glaring giveaways , though , it really has n't been all bad for the Cotton Gin -- five games into the season when everybody was bleeding on the shot chart , Whitney was one guy doing pretty well .
He was outscoring opponents 5 - 1 and only getting outshot by two shots at even - strength ( Scott Niedermayer , by comparison , was being outshot by 29 shots at the time ) .
When I looked in December about who was partnering well with Niedermayer at even - strength , Cotton Gin again did pretty well -- he was n't responsible for the bulk of the captain 's minuses or negative Corsi .
And in looking over Whitney 's season this morning , there 's one stretch of games that really caught my eye -- I really do n't know what to make of it .
For a one month stretch , from December 29 through January 27 , Whitney played 16 games , had zero points , and was a minus - 13 .
If you can find a way to explain away those 16 games , Whitney 's numbers suddenly look very impressive : 46 games played , 28 points ( 13 on the power play ) , and a plus - seven .
So WTF happened in that suck month ?
Not sure , but a closer look after the jump .
I went to Vic Ferrari 's timeonice.com site to dig in a little deeper -- there you can segment games according to date range .
Here 's how Whitney 's 5 - on - 5 on - ice shooting numbers looked before the bad month , during it , and afterwards .
Note that these results exclude empty nets .
Ryan Whitney 's Even-Strength Shooting Results this season
Date
Segment Games
Played Goals
For Goals
Against Goal
Differential Shots
For Shots
Against Shot
Pct. Attempted
Shots For Attempted
Shots Against Corsi
Pct. before Dec. 29 38 +36 - 27 +9 352 366 .490 632 639 .497 Dec. 29 - Jan. 27 16 +5 -15 -10 107 170 .386 191 308 .383 after Jan. 27 8 +10 - 4 +6 65 86 .430 122 158 .436
It 's really quite an amazing dip there in the second row , and I can't find anybody else to blame except Whitney -- six other defensemen played for the Ducks over that one - month stretch , and I checked them all .
All had worse goal differentials , shot percentages , and corsi percentages when paired with Whitney than when paired with somebody else .
Cotton Gin was the suck , and this does n't even consider his zero points on the man-advantage during that month , either .
So really , I think there 's two main questions here : ( a ) What the fuck happened to Cotton Gin at the end of December and why did it hurt his numbers so ?
Could it really have been pressure to make ( and break ) Team USA ?
Is there a way to explain the awfulness away ?
( b) If so , then what sort of player do the Oilers have in Ryan Whitney going forward ?
He 's obviously not as awful as that one month , but it 's not fair to outright exclude those results as just a statistical hiccup , either -- his post - slump numbers have n't fully recovered to his early season rates .
I really have no answers here -- I 'll open it up to theories in the comments .
But I think the point remains :
Ducks fans may be glad as hell to see Whitney gone , and certainly that can be justified by the fact that Cotton Gin played an awful month of hockey in the middle of a battling season , but the fact remains -- the guy still contributes .
The price of quality defensemen always seems to climb in this league , and Whitney could prove quite the bargain for Edmonton before this trade is played out .
We all know he has the tools , he may someday soon be the sum of his parts , but even so -- Ducks need wins today , and he 's not there yet .
Godspeed , Cotton Gin .
You had your flaws , you made us curse a bunch , and we made fun of your Olympic blog and Team USA performance , but no matter what , you did eliminate the Sharks -- that makes you unequivocally awesome in my book .
Prediction : LUBO !
Go Ducks .
REDMOND , Wash . —
Microsoft Corp. employees are passionate users of the latest tech toys .
But there is one gadget love that many at the company dare not name : the iPhone .
The iPhone is made , of course , by Microsoft 's longtime rival , Apple Inc .
The device 's success is a nagging reminder for Microsoft executives of how the company 's own efforts to compete in the mobile business have fallen short in recent years .
What is especially painful is that many of Microsoft 's own employees are nuts for the device .
The perils of being an iPhone user at Microsoft were on display last September .
At an all - company meeting in a Seattle sports stadium , one hapless employee used his iPhone to snap photos of Microsoft Chief Executive Steve Ballmer .
Mr. Ballmer snatched the iPhone out of the employee 's hands , placed it on the ground and pretended to stomp on it in front of thousands of Microsoft workers , according to people present .
Mr. Ballmer uses phones from different manufacturers that run on Microsoft 's mobile phone software .
A Microsoft spokeswoman declined to comment and declined to make executives available for this story .
Apple CEO
Steve Jobs referred an email asking about iPhone use at Microsoft to a spokeswoman , who declined to comment .
The use of custom illustrations has been a big trend recently that is not likely going anywhere soon .
The deal is that artistic approaches , like old habits , always die …
IF YOU care about democracy , follow the worm .
This worm has a name : Stephen Conroy .
While Australians were distracted by another worm this week – top of the screen for Rudd , bottom for Abbott – few bothered to watch the more insidious wormling , Conroy .
We get the democracy we deserve .
Our failure to watch the squirming Conroy , the Communications Minister , means we 're about to get the web we deserve : among the most censored in the free world .
We expect China , North Korea and Iran to filter what their citizens see .
If Conroy gets his way , Australians will be subjected to a mandatory filter on internet service providers within a year .
Few of us seem to appreciate what he 's up to .
Fewer seem to care .
Conroy received just 174 submissions from the public on his proposal .
They included this from a Franz Kafka : " What a joke ! " Succinct , unambiguous , not the least Kafkaesque .
Unlike Conroy 's filter .
He and his government want to protect you and your children from images of bestiality and child sexual abuse .
They also want to shield you from how - to guides on crime , terrorism and drugs , in case you 're ever tempted to commit one , become one or try some .
Trouble is , nobody who understands the first thing about the web – or the behaviour of criminals , terrorists , drug abusers and child molesters – believes his filter will work .
Kiddie porn peddlers use peer - to - peer networks , which will escape the filter .
So will emails .
CAO : Capes assisté par ordinateur .
L'éducation nationale , qui en est très grande consommatrice , va -t - elle s'enrichir d'un nouveau sigle ?
Les 44 candidats qui passaient leurs épreuves de Capes ( certificat d’aptitude au professorat de l’enseignement du second degré ) , mardi 16 et mercredi 17 mars , ont doublement fait figure de précurseurs .
D'abord parce qu'ils étaient les premiers à postuler au Capes langue des signes française , annoncé par Xavier Darcos le 22 janvier 2009 et destiné à doter l'éducation nationale d'un corps de professeurs qualifiés , capables d'enseigner une langue à laquelle la loi du 11 février 2005 a conféré le statut de langue nationale , seule du genre en France .
Ils ont satisfait à la première partie de leur examen , la seconde se déroulera en mai à Caen .
Précurseurs , les quarante - quatre postulants aux sept postes de cette première session le sont également par le régime de leur examen .
Ils sont les premiers à s'être frottés à un cyber -Capes .
" Les deux jours d'examen ont été dématérialisés du début à la fin " , explique Pascal Cotentin , directeur du CRDP ( Centre régional de documentation pédagogique ) de l'académie de Versailles .
Chargé de concevoir et mettre en place le dispositif de l'examen , ce conseiller nouvelles technologies du recteur de Versailles a équipé une salle de la maison des examens d'Arcueil ( Val - de - Marne ) de box individuels disposant chacun d'un ordinateur avec webcam intégrée .
Un logiciel a été spécialement conçu pour permettre aux étudiants de passer leurs épreuves .
ASSISTANCE TECHNIQUE
Dans l'une d'entre elles , après avoir enregistré des vidéos en brouillon , ils devaient enregistrer en langue des signes leurs commentaires d'un texte écrit déposé ensuite en ligne à l'attention des examinateurs .
Dans la suivante , ils devaient traduire un document en langue des signes diffusé sur l'écran de leur ordinateur et en tirer un commentaire écrit .
Dans les deux cas , aussi bien les documents constituant les sujets de ce Capes high - tech que les " copies " des candidats étaient numériques .
" Il y avait des assistants techniques et des interprètes dans la salle " , précise Pascal Cotentin .
Aucune démission entre la première et la seconde épreuve n'a été constatée en dépit de la nécessité de maîtriser l'outil informatique .
" Un seul candidat a abandonné et pas pour
des raisons techniques .
Aucun n'a reproché au dispositif de lui faire perdre du temps . "
Une raison à cela : le ministère avait communiqué en amont un " tutoriel " , soit un document multimédia qui expliquait aux candidats comment utiliser l'infrastructure informatique mise à leur disposition les jours de passation des épreuves .
Pour Pascal Cotentin , il ne fait aucun doute que ce premier Capes de langue des signes pourrait faire école :
" Je suis persuadé que les langues vivantes pourraient profiter de cette pratique innovante . "
Reste à convaincre les jurys , volontiers attachés aux formes académiques , des bienfaits de ce baccalauréat numérique .
Reste aussi à en estimer le coût , sans doute très élevé pour un Capes de discipline générale aux très nombreuses candidatures .
Christian Bonrepaux
WHEN I moved to the UK my alcohol intake dramatically increased .
In turn , my consumption of late - night kebabs also skyrocketed , while the number of workouts I did each week plummeted to an all time low .
I blamed this on London and its ‘ unhealthy lifestyle ’ .
I found icy , dark evenings to be more enjoyable in warm pubs with a bottle of happy hour wine , rather than pounding the pavements of gloomy , overcrowded Acton and Clapham J .
I would often reminisce of my healthy days in sunny Australia – where the weather and lifestyle made a run in the park more appealing and salads easier to face .
After an hour on an overcrowded Tube , where standing with my face in the armpit of a stressed suit was n’t uncommon , hitting the grog just made sense .
So as my time in the UK drew to a close I was rather excited about the concept of finding my healthy Aussie self again .
After five months back in the land Down Under , I ’m still looking .
I ’m afraid the 24 - year - old who LOVED running and managed to balance the pub with work , exercise and domestic duties has n’t suddenly been reincarnated in my post - UK 27 - year - old body .
For some reason I naively thought I ’d land in Australia and return to my disciplined ways .
I had visions of suddenly having the strength to refuse that lip - smacking glass of red wine after a hard day at the office .
And for some reason I am not loving those 6 am workouts as much as I did in my early 20’s .
Weird , I know !
I ’ve since realised that I might have been a little harsh on poor old London Town .
Perhaps my declining interest in exercise and my heightened enjoyment of nights spent in pubs , surrounded by great company , hearty food and feel - good alcohol could have been better attributed to the ageing process , than the weather .
And thinking about it , it ’s not necessarily a bad thing .
Many , many memorable moments were created in those pubs .
We laughed until we almost wet ourselves and while we often felt a little worse for wear the next day , the friendships that were formed made it all worthwhile .
I wish I could say the same about the hours spent alone in a sweaty , stuffy gym .
So , on that note , I ’d like to publicly apologise to London .
Sorry I blamed you for my ‘ naughty ’ habits .
Instead , I should have been thanking you .
Without such carefree , fun behaviour , my time in the UK would n’t have been so memorable .
So on that note , I ’d like to propose a toast to good friends , big meals and a few stubbies .
Because life ’s pretty dull otherwise .
Cheers !
Read about :
Why are we so obsessed with the life and times of politician ’s partners ?
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Arab Israeli singer and television personality Mira Awad on Saturday denied reports in the Israel media that she withdrew from the UK Zionist Federation ’s Israel Independence Concert in London because of death threats against her and her family .
She said she asked to be dropped from the concert because it was set for Israeli Independence Day .
Though a press release from the Zionist Federation on Friday said Awad ’s cancellation was due to threats on her life and several Israeli media outlets carried the same report , a message posted by Awad on her Facebook page on Saturday told a different story .
The message read : “ Today , in the Israeli radio , they said that due to threats on my life I canceled a show in London I was supposed to appear in .
“ I think it ’s time to tell the whole story about this much discussed concert :
While I was busy with Dancing with the Stars , my manager Ofer Pesenzon was approached with a request for a concert of Noa [ Ahinoam Nini ] in London , with me as a special guest .
Ofer agreed , thinking it would be a good opportunity for me to expose my music , and more importantly , spread the more - than - ever relevant message that Noa and I try to convey .
Later on , the date of the show was set for Israel ’s Independence Day .
“ The minute I heard about this concert , I asked Ofer to cancel my participation , out of consideration for the complexity of this date for me .
Ofer understood my emotions for the subject , and admitted he had done wrong in scheduling the show without thinking of the repercussions , and immediately started working on cancelling my participation out of respect for my request .
It took time and lot ’s of explanations , but he managed to do it .
” Awad , and Nini represented Israel at the 2009 Eurovision Song Contest and have performed together at venues around the world to packed audiences .
Awad has worked to promote coexistence between Arabs and Jews in Israel not only through her work with Nini , but also through various other platforms .
According to a report in the Jewish Chronicle on Friday , Awad had received death threats over the planned performance .
“ Mira and [ Nini ’s ] message is about finding a peaceful way forward .
It is tragic that when both sides try to come together by any means possible to build a better future for Israel and its citizens , there are those prepared to use violence and intimidation to destroy it , ” Awad ’s manager Pesenzon , said in response to the threats .
“ Mira is in an impossible position , ” Pesenzon told Army Radio .
“ I ’ve received phone calls from Jews saying that there ’s no way an Arab should be performing for Israel ’s Independence Day , and likewise Arabs have called saying the same thing .
” Awad will stay in Israel while Nini performs in London .
“ Our concert is a celebration of independence but it ’s also about building understanding .
Mira wanted to be the Arab - Israeli voice promoting a peaceful way forward , ” said Zionist Federation executive director Alan Aziz , following Awad ’s withdrawal from the line - up .
Awad grew up in Rameh , an Arab village near Karmiel , and lives today in Tel Aviv .
Her family , which still lives in the Galilee , employs strict measures to ensure their security .
This is n’t the first time Awad ’s conciliatory stance toward her Israeli identity has landed her in hot water .
Days after she was selected to take part in the 2009 Eurovision on behalf of Israel , a group of Israeli Arab artists and intellectuals , including filmmaker Mohammed Bakri and his son actor Saleh Bakri , sent Awad a letter asking that she not take part in the contest .
Among other claims , the letter read that “ the image of Israel as a democratic , enlightened and peace - loving state is what drives the international community to support Israel .
By participating in the Eurovision you are participating in the Israeli propaganda machine .
” At the time , Awad denied claims that her appearance would be used to whitewash Israeli actions against Palestinians , saying , “ The government did n’t choose to send me to Eurovision .
Noa and I agreed because of our eight - year collaboration .
In November , the Givat Haviva educational center awarded Awad and Noa the Haviva Reik Peace Prize , “ in recognition of their courageous endeavors , separately and together , for peace and Israeli - Palestinian relations . ”
An AtariAge forum member got a bug up his tuckus and decided to turn his 1995 Toyota Celica into a replica of the Celica ST205 GT - Four from the classic video game Sega Rally Championship .
Here 's how he did it .
Advertisement
Confess :
Every time you drive a car in a video game , you want it just a little .
Age , make , model , condition — when you 're spanking something across a digital landscape , none of these things matter .
And if you owned an ST205 - chassis Celica and happened to be a game freak , you 'd probably think about doing something like this .
A little background , in case you were born too early , too late , or simply do n't remember :
In the early and mid-1990s , Japanese video - game firm Sega was on top of the world .
Its consoles offered some of the most evolved graphics and gameplay in the industry , and its racing titles ( remember , this is the company that gave the world the rear - view racing game in the form of 1982's Turbo ) , including Virtua Racing and Daytona USA , were the best on the market .
Advertisement
Sega Rally Championship , which debuted in arcade form in 1995 , helped cement Sega 's technical dominance .
It was the first game to provide relatively realistic car modeling and to offer a wide variety of driving surfaces ; oversteer , countersteer , and audio pace notes were all part of the package , and car behavior changed depending on which surface you drove on .
The game 's heart , however , lay in its cars .
Two cars were on offer : the Celica GT - Four and the Lancia Delta HF Integrale .
Both were World Rally Championship stars , but when the game debuted , the Integrale was past its prime and the Celica was actively competing .
It was essentially the first Japanese rally car to approach household - name status in the United States , and its cachet did n't hurt the game : Sega Rally proved to be one of its parent company 's longest - lived brands , eventually being ported onto PC and the Sega Saturn ( remember that ? ) .
It still exists today in the form of the Playstation / Xbox title Sega Rally Revo , and its influence can be felt in every driving game from Mario Kart to Forza Motorsport .
Given all that , it 's easy to understand why the AtariAge guy did what he did .
His car started life as an ordinary ' 95 Celica GT ; $ 300 in decals and a bunch of aftermarket parts later , it is now something else entirely .
And while you may look at this and wonder what the big deal is — with the exception of the cosmetics , the car is largely stock — we applaud it anyway .
The cool thing here , after all , is that this was found on a video - game forum .
The guy built this car not out of love for rally or love for Toyota — he built it because he loves a game .
Car spawns sim spawns enthusiast spawns car : Amen .
Naturally , the dude in question wants to install a Sega Saturn in the center console .
Ca n't say we blame him .
( Next step : hiring a chopper to follow him around town and shoot mid-air rear - view footage .
Makes sense , right ? )
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
[ AtariAge ]
Clava
Clava bags , with their minimalist approach , are a trendsetter in today ’s bag and luggage industry .
With each piece crafted out of fine , high quality leather , Clava offers a range of products that includes briefcases , laptop bags , women ’s handbags , leather sports and duffel bags .
There are backpacks for every occasion , be it practical , for everyday use , leather laptop cases for business use , or totes for women .
All of the bags and accessories that Clava offers come in simple , solid , and sometimes bold colors .
This is what makes the pieces stand out in a crowd – their simplicity .
However , no matter how minimalistic the design , the items do not compromise on the functionality or on the style .
Clava has more to offer than the average line of fashion accessories .
There are affordable gifts that are fifty dollars or below , and another set of gifts that fall in ‘ less than a hundred dollars ’ category .
And day after day , their innovation keeps multiplying by leaps and bounds .
Time for some quick arithmetic :
Is 3600 x 4.4 x 104 x 32 larger or smaller than 3 x 109 ?
Finding the right answer , says Sanjoy Mahajan , associate director for teaching initiatives at MIT ’s Teaching and Learning Laboratory , does not require crafting a long , tedious calculation .
Instead , the key to solving this problem — and many others — lies in having informal tools on hand that let us attack the problem .
Though the result may not be perfectly precise , he believes , intuitive mathematical reasoning is often sufficient for our needs .
“ That ’s not to say exact answers are n’t useful , ” says Mahajan , “ but if looking for them is your only approach , you may never get any answer at all .
Sometimes it ’s better to start with something rough . ”
So while conventional math teaching is often a highly formal affair , with an emphasis on definitions , theorems , and proofs , Mahajan believes we should learn practical math tools and understand why they work .
He outlines this philosophy — and explains those tools — in a new book , Street - Fighting Mathematics : The Art of Educated Guessing and Opportunistic Problem - Solving , being published this month by MIT Press .
Street - Fighting Mathematics has its origins in a course Mahajan , who has a PhD in physics , began teaching at MIT three years ago during the Independent Activities Period ( IAP ) , the winter - break session in which students can take extra courses that emphasize hands - on learning .
He says the book is intended for “ students , practicing engineers , scientists , anyone who has to use mathematics to solve problems and get rough answers quickly . ”
Given its practical focus , Street - Fighting Mathematics is not organized around traditional math topics , such as differential equations , but ways of thinking : reasoning by analogy , visualizing geometric problems , and more .
Readers can then answer all manner of questions : Guessing the number of babies in the United States , calculating the bond angles in methane , or determining the drag that air exerts on a 747 .
‘ Math is not a spectator sport ’
Mathematicians with an interest in the public understanding of science are impressed with Mahajan ’s effort .
“ There ’s a certain bravery in Sanjoy ’s book , ” says Steven Strogatz , a professor of mathematics at Cornell , and author of an ongoing series of columns on math at The New York Times online .
“ He comes out defiantly and says , Of course I ’m being imprecise — then you fill in the details .
I wish more people in math would do that .
Math is not a spectator sport .
It ’s an active enterprise .
That ’s what we all know , but we do n’t all teach it that way . ”
To make math an active enterprise for his students , Mahajan requires that they give him feedback about the course readings in advance of his lectures .
Building on the work of Sacha Zyto , a PhD student in mechanical engineering , Mahajan has helped develop an online system in which students annotate the reading materials via PDF files .
This method helps Mahajan evaluate the clarity of his presentations and see which ideas stymie students most often , while even allowing students to answer other students ’ queries .
“ You want the students to wrestle with the material , to make the knowledge their own , ” says Mahajan .
Mahajan ’s unconventional teaching practices stem from his focus , as a physicist , on finding quick , practical answers .
Then again , perhaps rolling up one ’s sleeves and hacking through problems is how everyone works .
“ There is a culture in pure mathematics that emphasizes rigor and careful proofs , ” says Strogatz .
“ Yet all practicing mathematicians know we also use our intuitions , then we clean our answers up . ”
Strogatz is hopeful that Street - Fighting Mathematics can help form a pedagogical trend away from rote learning , and toward a more practical approach .
So let ’s get back to the initial question ( the numbers relate to the storage capacity of a data CD - ROM ) .
The key to solving it , says Mahajan , is to recognize that the components of the first , messy - looking number can be broken into powers of 10 .
Then we can temporarily set aside these powers of 10 — Mahajan calls this “ taking out the big part , ” one of his tenets of problem - solving — while handling the smaller , simpler multiplication problem .
Okay : Picture the number as ( 3.6 x 103 ) x ( 4.4 x 104 ) x ( 3.2 x 101 ) .
To multiply powers of 10 in practice , we add them , here producing 108 .
Leave that aside momentarily and multiply 3.6 x 4.4 x 3.2 .
The answer is about 50 , or 5.0 x 101 .
Combine that with 108 , and we have our answer : Roughly 5.0 x 109 , which is bigger than 3 x 109 .
Street - fighting math , and we barely got a scratch .
Editor 's Note :
This was a very good FanPost and warrants further attention on the Front Page .
Why ?
Research was done , comparisons were made , and an argument was presented .
Is it the end - all argument for Selke ?
I do n't think so , but at the least it further proves how well Zajac has been playing on defense .
The Selke Trophy .
The annual award given to the forward who demonstrates the most skill in the defensive component of the game .
Even now , fans are already nominating who should be the finalists for the trophy .
Websites such as The Bleacher Report are putting up polls with the likely candidates for fans to vote on .
The constantly absent nominee ?
Travis Zajac .
Travis Zajac .
The second ' Z ' of the formidable ZZPops and , lately , ZZZ lines .
A member of the Devils ' top PK unit .
A member of the Devils ' top PP unit .
The guy who stepped up after Madden left Jersey and Pandolfo's role became smaller and smaller as Lemaire often chose to healthy scratch him .
While some NHL trophies are awarded based purely on numbers , the Selke is n't one of them .
However , looking at the numbers on and off the ice can help decide on the candidates .
So let 's look at those and decide for ourselves , no ?
As always , all numbers are from Behind The Net .
To start off , I filtered all NHL forwards by assuming " eligible " forwards would have played at least 60 games so far , and have at least 12.00 TOI /60 .
DIFF GA/60 = GAOFF/60 - GAON /60
I feel this value is probably more significant than GAON / 60 , as it nullifies the inevitable " omg he 's a Devil no wonder his numbers are amazing LOL " arguments .
This number represents how the particular player affects the goals allowed per 60 mins , regardless of whether his team allows 1 or 2 goals per game or 6 +.
Ranking the players in decreasing numbers :
Name Team QUALCOMP GAON/60 GAOFF/60 DIFF GA/60 S. Pahlsson CBJ 0.047 2.03 3.00 0.97 C. Glencross CGY - 0.041 1.67 2.38 0.71 J. Staal PIT 0.040 2.16 2.83 0.67 M. Ryder BOS 0.017 1.69 2.35 0.66 R. Vrbata PHX 0.032 1.63 2.29 0.66 D. Penner EDM - 0.028 2.58 3.21 0.63 T. Zajac N.J. 0.089 1.65 2.27 0.62 D. Setoguchi S.J. - 0.010 1.86 2.46 0.60 W. Simmonds L.A. 0.005 1.83 2.42 0.59
While you may look at the numbers and argue that using DIFF GA /60 alone , there would be better candidates , the QUALCOMP says volumes .
The quality of Zajac 's competition has been about twice as strong as the other names above him .
Pure GAON / 60 numbers :
Name Team QUALCOMP GAON/60 R. Vrbata PHX 0.032 1.63 T. Zajac N.J. 0.089 1.65 C. Glencross CGY - 0.041 1.67 M. Ryder BOS 0.017 1.69 A. Ovechkin WSH 0.062 1.74 P. Prucha PHX 0.049 1.75 P. Hornqvist NSH - 0.039 1.79 M. Sturm BOS 0.097 1.80 W. Simmonds L.A. 0.005 1.83
I try to avoid looking solely at GAON / 60 , because it tends to be heavily biased towards defensively - responsible teams and their coaching style .
While New Jersey has dramatically moved away from the defense - first approach , and nothing stresses this out as much as Mr. Lamoriello signing Kovalchuk , it 's ridiculous to think I 'm going to change what the league and the other fans think about the Devils .
The Devils have been stapled as a defense only team , even when they 're not , but that 's another post .
As you 'll see from the above table , most of the teams come from " defensive " teams , which is no surprise ( how Ovechkin is on there , I have no idea ) .
Still , Zajac 's number and rank are fairly impressive .
How does he do against the favored / popular candidates ?
From the Bleacher Report 's poll , the candidates were : Pavel Datsyuk , Chris Drury ( the hell ? ) , Marty Reasoner , Ryan Kesler , Jonathan Toews , Mike Fisher , Ryan Callahan , Alex Burrows , and Scott Nichol .
The finalists for the past three years are : Pavel Datsyuk , Ryan Kesler , and Mike Richards in 2009 .
Pavel Datsyuk , Henrik Zetterberg , and John Madden in 2008 .
Samuel Pahlsson , Rod Brind 'Amour , and Jay Pandolfo in 2007 .
Name Team QUALCOMP GAON/60 GAOFF/60 DIFF GA/60 T. Zajac N.J. 0.089 1.65 2.27 0.62 P. Datsyuk DET 0.028 2.15 2.48 0.33 C. Drury NYR 0.030 2.28 2.25 - 0.03 M. Reasoner ATL - 0.020 2.72 2.81 0.09 R. Kesler VAN 0.034 3.13 1.84 - 1.29 J. Toews CHI 0.044 2.36 2.40 0.04 M. Fisher OTT 0.058 2.86 2.73 - 0.13 R. Callahan NYR 0.070 2.27 2.39 0.12 A. Burrows VAN 0.004 2.30 2.21 - 0.09 S. Nichol S.J. - 0.085 2.55 2.21 - 0.34 M. Richards PHI 0.112 2.33 2.46 0.13 H. Zetterberg DET 0.044 2.70 2.35 - 0.35 J. Madden CHI 0.010 2.46 2.21 - 0.25 S. Pahlsson CBJ 0.047 2.03 3.00 0.97 R. Brind ’ Amour CAR - 0.031 3.35 2.53 - 0.82 J. Pandolfo N.J. 0.047 2.64 1.90 - 0.74
The numbers amaze me .
The only " contender " facing tougher competition is Mike Richards of the Philadelphia Flyers , but has decreased DIFF GA /60 .
The only " contender " with a better DIFF GA/60 is S. Pahlsson , but faces much worse competition than Zajac does .
The Result ?
Keep in mind this happened in a difficult year for New Jersey .
Madden , the longtime Devils ' champion as the checking forward , left in the offseason for Chicago .
Yes ,
Lou brought in Rob Niedermayer , who has n't been bad , but has n't been a terrifying defensive force either .
To add to the Devils ' headaches , Paul Martin , the top defenseman on the roster , took a half - a- season break from the league to nurse an injury .
While the Devils ' defense struggled for a while , Zajac continued to put up strong numbers .
However , I know Zajac 's nomination for the trophy is very unlikely .
Part of it is the bias the league has towards the Devils ' , part of it is because Zajac gets overlooked quite a bit because of Zach Parise .
While Parise is amazing , I feel a lot of the magic that happens between the two on the ice gets unfairly credited to Parise .
Either way , this is why I think Travis Zajac should at least be considered for the 2009 - 2010 Selke Trophy .
How do you feel about this topic ?
Let me know in the comments
09414048492 09414048492 ABOUT
US
We offer various marble products such as marble slabs , marble tiles , etc. at attractive price rates .
This natural building stone has been a top choice for flooring purposes .
WHY CHOOSE US
We offer various marble products such as marble slabs , marble tiles , etc. at attractive price rates .
This natural building stone has been a top choice for flooring purposes .
QUALITY
We offer various marble products such as marble slabs , marble tiles , etc. at attractive price rates .
This natural building stone has been a top choice for flooring purposes .
TESTIMONIALS
We offer various marble products such as marble slabs , marble tiles , etc. at attractive price rates .
This natural building stone has been a top choice for flooring purposes .
INDIAN NATURAL STONES Marble
We offer various marble products such as marble slabs , marble tiles , etc. at attractive price rates .
This natural building stone has been a top choice for flooring purposes .
Granite
We offer various marble products such as marble slabs , marble tiles , etc. at attractive price rates .
This natural building stone has been a top choice for flooring purposes .
Sandstone
We offer various marble products such as marble slabs , marble tiles , etc. at attractive price rates .
This natural building stone has been a top choice for flooring purposes .
Slate Stone
We offer various marble products such as marble slabs , marble tiles , etc. at attractive price rates .
This natural building stone has been a top choice for flooring purposes .
STONE PRODUCTS Stone Cobbles
We offer various marble products such as marble slabs , marble tiles , etc. at attractive price rates .
This natural building stone has been a top choice for flooring purposes .
Stone Pebbles
We offer various marble products such as marble slabs , marble tiles , etc. at attractive price rates .
This natural building stone has been a top choice for flooring purposes .
Stone Handicrafts
We offer various marble products such as marble slabs , marble tiles , etc. at attractive price rates .
This natural building stone has been a top choice for flooring purposes .
Stone Bases
We offer various marble products such as marble slabs , marble tiles , etc. at attractive price rates .
This natural building stone has been a top choice for flooring purposes .
The United States government deported the lawful immigrant parents of nearly 88,000 citizen children between 1997 and 2007 , most for relatively minor crimes , according to a new report released today by the University of California , Davis , and University of California , Berkeley , law schools .
The deportations often resulted in psychological harm , behavioral changes and problems in school for the children left behind .
The report , " In the Child ’s Best Interest ? " is based on analysis of data provided by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security , interviews with affected families and comparisons of U.S. and international human rights standards .
The study was a joint project of the Immigration Law Clinic at the UC Davis School of Law , and the International Human Rights Law Clinic and the Chief Justice Earl Warren Institute on Race , Ethnicity and Diversity at the UC Berkeley School of Law .
It is available on the Web at http://www.law.ucdavis.edu/news/images/childsbestinterest.pdf.
Drastic revisions to U.S. immigration laws in 1996 led to large numbers of deported lawful permanent residents ( green card holders ) , who now make up nearly 10 percent of immigrants deported from the U.S. , according to the report .
More than 68 percent of the deported green card holders were deported for minor crimes , including driving under the influence , simple assault and nonviolent drug offenses , it found .
" It is often the children in these families who suffer the most , " said Raha Jorjani , a clinical professor of law at UC Davis and supervising attorney for the UC Davis Immigration Law Clinic .
" This nation should take into consideration the impact on families of uprooting individuals with such strong ties to the U.S. ”
Current immigration laws severely restrict the ability of judges to consider the impact of deportation on children , the report notes .
The authors recommend restoring judicial discretion in all cases involving the deportation of lawful permanent residents with U.S. citizen children .
“ As Congress considers immigration reform , it ’s time to focus on how the current system tears apart families and threatens the health and education of tens of thousands of children , ” said Aarti Kohli , director of immigration policy at Berkeley Law ’s Warren Institute .
“ This report makes a strong case for restoring judicial discretion so immigration judges can weigh the best interests of children when deciding whether to deport a parent . ”
The report examined deportation records between April 1997 and August 2007 .
The nearly 88,000 legal residents who were deported during this decade had lived in the U.S. an average of 10 years , and more than half had at least one child living at home , the study found .
About half of the children were under age 5 when their parent was deported .
In 1996 , Congress also significantly broadened the category of crimes considered an “ aggravated felony , ” the report notes .
Although this category initially included only the most serious offenses , it now includes nonviolent theft and drug offenses , forgery and other minor offenses , many of which may not be felonies under criminal law .
Lawful permanent residents convicted of an aggravated felony are now subject to mandatory deportation and other severe immigration consequences .
“ Parents who are deported on the basis of criminal convictions are being punished twice for the same mistakes , ” Jorjani said .
“ Even after successfully completing their criminal sentences , they are subject to penalties within the immigration system — and risk losing their families . "
Families interviewed for the study reported negative health impacts , such as increased depression , sleeplessness and anxiety .
Children also reported plummeting grades , increased behavioral problems and the urge to drop out of school to help support the family .
The study compares U.S. immigration policy to international standards that more adequately address potential family separations in deportation hearings .
“ The rights to health and education are firmly entrenched in international human rights law , and nearly every major human rights treaty recognizes the need for special protection of children , ” said Laurel Fletcher , director of the International Human Rights Law Clinic at the UC Berkeley School of Law .
“ The U.S. should consider revising its policy to mirror European human rights standards , which permit judges to balance a nation ’s security interest with the best interests of the child when considering deporting a parent . ”
" In the Child ’s Best Interest ? " makes a number of recommendations to U.S. policymakers , including :
restoring judicial discretion in cases involving the deportation of lawful permanent residents who have U.S. citizen children ;
establishing clear judicial guidelines in these family deportation cases ;
reverting to the pre-1996 definition of “ aggravated felony ” ;
collecting data on U.S. citizen children of deported lawful immigrant parents to gain fuller understanding of impact of deportation laws .
Co-authors of the study include J.D. candidates and research analysts at UC Davis School of Law and UC Berkeley School of Law .
About the clinics
The Immigration Law Clinic at the UC Davis School of Law provides legal representation to indigent noncitizens in removal proceedings before U.S. Immigration Courts , the Board of Immigration Appeals , and federal courts , including the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals .
The clinic provides this necessary service to Northern California ’s low - income immigrant communities while enabling students to gain practical , real - world experience .
Clinic students take on all major aspects of litigation , including interviewing clients and witnesses , preparing legal briefs , drafting pleadings and motions , and arguing complex legal issues .
The clinic regularly conducts naturalization and other workshops in the community .
Responding to the impact of increased collaboration between criminal and immigration enforcement agencies , the clinic has been at the forefront of indigent detention and deportation defense .
For more information visit : http://www.law.ucdavis.edu.
The International Human Rights Law Clinic at the UC Berkeley School of Law implements innovative human rights projects to advance the struggle for justice on behalf of individuals and marginalized communities through research , advocacy , and policy development .
The clinic employs an interdisciplinary model that leverages the intellectual capital of the university to provide innovative solutions to emerging human rights issues and develops collaborative partnerships with researchers , scholars , and human rights activists worldwide .
Students are integral to all phases of the clinic 's work and acquire unparalleled experience employing strategies to address the most urgent human rights issues of our day .
For more information visit : http://www.humanrightsclinic.org.
The Chief Justice Earl Warren Institute on Race , Ethnicity and Diversity at the UC Berkeley School of Law is a multi- disciplinary , collaborative venture to produce research , policy reforms and curricular innovation on issues of racial and ethnic justice in California and the nation .
The institute ’s mission is to engage the most difficult topics in a wide range of legal and policy subject areas , providing valuable intellectual capital to public and private sector leaders , the media , and the general public , while advancing scholarly understanding .
Central to its methods are concerted efforts to build bridges connecting research , civic action , and policy debate so that each informs the other , while preserving the independence , quality and credibility of the academic enterprise .
For more information visit : http://www.warreninstitute.org.
About UC Davis
For more than 100 years , UC Davis has engaged in teaching , research and public service that matter to California and transform the world .
Located close to the state capital , UC Davis has 32,000 students , an annual research budget that exceeds $ 600 million , a comprehensive health system and 13 specialized research centers .
The university offers interdisciplinary graduate study and more than 100 undergraduate majors in four colleges — Agricultural and Environmental Sciences , Biological Sciences , Engineering , and Letters and Science .
It also houses six professional schools — Education , Law , Management , Medicine , Veterinary Medicine and the Betty Irene Moore School of Nursing .
Of all of the frustrating debates in software development , bickering over the value of automated testing confuses me the most .
I can understand why people who 've never tried pair programming seriously have doubts about it .
I can even understand why people who know nothing about programming or construction think that designing a building is like designing software .
I do n't understand programmers who think automated testing is n't all that useful because tests can be difficult to maintain .
Perl 's testing culture had its renaissance when several of us realized that people saw testing as confusing black magic .
( No joke ; the " copy and paste this header into all of your test files ! " generated by h2xs in test.pl used to say " black magic here " before four lines of gobbledegook . )
The nice thing about a renaissance is that you can clear away confusing , magical thinking and replace it with bright , understandable foundations for grander , more elegant , more powerful , and futureful thought .
This occurred on two levels .
First , the parallel development of Test : : Simple and Test :: More made two libraries that were almost trivially easy to understand .
Writing good tests requires skill and experience , but writing tests at all requires two minutes of reading and experimenting .
The path to mastery begins not with copying and pasting black magic gobbledegook that explicitly warns you off of understanding it but by saying what you mean to say .
Another part of that was good initial design of what would become TAP way back in 1987 , as well as other parts of the toolchain , but removing the initial barrier to starting was a huge improvement .
The other foot of the renaissance was Test : : Builder .
You can start with Test :: More and use it productively ... but if you 're not careful , you 'll end up with long , procedural test files with a lot of duplication .
Test :: Builder exists solely to remove duplication .
It 's a foundational library for the abstraction of tests and test structures .
You can see this in Testing with Test : : Class .
You do n't necessarily have to write your own testing modules to take advantage of this possibility ; the CPAN has hundreds of Test ::* modules for your own use .
That 's what modern Perl programmers do .
We solve problems , then we make the solutions available .
We 'd never have achieved this for our tests if we had n't realized the simple , fundamental fact of automated tests : they 're just code .
All of the good habits you have for managing code apply to managing tests .
That includes choosing the proper libraries and abstractions .
AC Compressors - Discountacparts.com
Has Quality Parts at Great Prices !
Is your AC blowing warm air ?
Select your vehicle above to find a guaranteed exact fit replacement AC compressor from Discountacparts to keep you cool this year .
Your car 's AC compressor is just one part of the entire air conditioning system , but it might be the most important component .
Responsible for " compressing " the system refrigerant to increase the temperature , the AC compressor ( also called the AC pump ) is the classic " use it until you lose it " car part .
In other words , when it 's working , all is fine with the world .
But when it stops working , it 's time to panic .
And even though the AC compressor does n't qualify as a safety component , driving in triple - digit heat with no AC pump can be a dangerous act .
At the very least , those mid-summer commutes without the benefit of a working , fully functioning car AC compressor can be distracting enough to pull your attention away from the road .
Discountacparts.com , your # 1 source for AC compressors , proudly offers some of the finest OEM quality AC compressor replacement parts available anywhere .
Our dedication to your complete satisfaction shows with exceptional customer service , helpful online tools & resources , and other perks such as our Best Price Guarantee and free shipping specials .
Different Ways to Diagnose and Detect AC Problems
The car AC compressor , because of its relation to other system components , is usually regarded as the source of the problem .
If you suspect your AC pump or AC compressor might not be working , there are a few simple things you can do to get to the bottom of it .
Often times , simple problems are the cause - and that means you can save needless hassle and expense .
Examine air flow Issues :
When you 're not getting enough air through your vents , check for vent obstructions .
Your cabin air filter ( usually located behind the glove box ) may be dirty or completely clogged .
This air filter is n't as well - known as your engine air filter , but it can still cause sluggish air flow .
The last common culprit is the blower motor , which might not be working .
Always check your vehicle 's fuse box for air flow problems before immediately replacing the AC compressors .
Check everything first :
Unsure what 's ailing your AC system ?
Do a simple spot check of the entire system - it 's easy , cheap and might save you money in the long run .
First , turn on your car 's AC .
With the radio and all other noise - producing accessories off , listen for any strange sounds coming from behind the console panel or inside the engine .
Also , take note of how cold the AC air is .
But you 're not just analyzing temperature ; you also need to detect unusual odors as well .
A pungent smell may indicate a faulty component or bad fuse , so always check those fuses .
Take your AC 's temperature :
Whenever we 're running a fever , a thermometer indicates internal body temperature .
For your car AC temperature , the AC compressor is a key component to diagnose serious problems .
Specifically , we 're talking about the compressor clutch .
With the AC running , locate the AC compressor , and then find the AC clutch .
The clutch resembles a small circular gear , and it helps engage the compressor belt .
If the AC compressor clutch is motionless with the AC running , there 's a problem with the compressor .
You can apply more tension to the belt , or have the AC compressor replaced entirely .
Find those leaks :
Just like your car 's brake system , the AC system is " closed . "
Any refrigerant leaks will negatively impact the AC system .
Your temperature may fluctuate , or the system might not work at all .
A bad AC compressor can be a source of refrigerant leaks , but not all the time .
Sometimes , your AC compressor is to blame .
Just like every other car part , it will fail .
Some AC compressors are designed , engineered and manufactured to the highest possible quality standards , and will rarely ( if ever ) need to be replaced .
But most AC compressors do fail - it 's only a matter of time .
How long should you expect your car 's AC compressor to last ?
How Long Will AC Compressors Last ?
This is one of the toughest questions to answer .
Other car accessories come with specific ratings that give you a general idea of how long they should last before failing .
Tires , for instance , are mileage rated .
If your tires are rated for 75,000 miles , they should last at least that long ( although they rarely do , thanks to poor maintenance , bad weather and other factors ) .
Even car fluids like oil have a clearly defined shelf life .
Once you 've changed your engine oil , a certain mileage afterwards ( 3,000 , 5,000 , sometimes 7,500 miles ) will tell you when the oil is starting to go bad .
AC compressors are different , however .
There is n't a specific mileage rating or even performance attributes to rely on .
However , knowing a few things about your car , driving habits and other information can give you a pretty good idea whether you should expect your AC compressor to keep on going or fail soon .
Let 's examine some different factors that determine AC compressor life .
Your car 's age .
If you 're driving a 2 - year old Toyota , congratulations .
You probably wo n't need an AC compressor soon ( or any other car part , for that matter ) .
But if your ride is getting up there in years , your AC compressor may be running on borrowed time .
The surrounding climate .
Sweltering summertime temps can put a serious strain on your AC system .
Some drivers use the AC system sporadically , while others engage the air conditioning during the slightest raise in outside temperature .
Not surprisingly , AC compressor replacements are much more common in areas like the U.S. Southwest ( Arizona and Nevada ) and Deep South ( Mississippi , Alabama , Texas , Alabama , Georgia and Florida ) .
Driving and maintenance habits .
Everything about your car 's performance is interconnected in some way .
Let your tires go bad , and brake performance will suffer .
Forget to change your oil , and engine lifespan will probably shorten .
For dependable AC compressor output , it 's a good idea to keep an eye on other fluids , components , hoses , wires and other car parts .
Coolant levels .
Little or no coolant in the AC system can cause your AC compressor to fail .
The tremendous stress and heat eventually add up , so make sure your coolant reservoir and radiator are topped off - it 's one of the best things your can do for your AC pump .
Radiator condition .
If your radiator is failing , the AC compressor wo n't be far behind .
In particular , the radiator 's thermostat can also affect the AC compressor .
AC Compressor Failure
What are some of the different ways an AC compressor stops working ?
With a high - pressure , high RMP operating environment , proper lubrication is essential for the AC compressor to do its job .
Here are the most common symptoms of AC compressor failure :
Seized component .
Without engine oil , your engine seizes .
And without AC compressor oil , the AC compressor stops working altogether .
A harsh squealing sound can indicate a seized AC compressor .
Leaks .
Small defects in the AC compressor body - or also adjacent hoses and fixtures - can cause the AC compressor to fail .
It might not happen immediately , but failure will happen !
That 's why it 's always a good idea to check for refrigerant leaks .
Compressor clutch issues .
We briefly discusses the AC clutch above , but it 's worth mentioning just how important it is for AC compressor performance .
If the clutch stops working , your car will simply not produce hot air .
Regardless of the rest of the compressor 's condition , one bad AC clutch can bring the entire part to a screeching halt - and that 's exactly the noise you 'll hear when the clutch fails .
AC Compressor Maintenance
The AC compressor does n't usually top the list of frequently checked car parts , but that does n't mean you should neglect this critical component .
Two things you can do to ensure a properly working car AC compressor include :
Run it regularly .
If you 're in a colder climate and do n't need to run your air conditioning frequently , it still helps to engage the AC system every now and again .
In fact , it only takes about 5 - 10 minutes per month to give your AC compressor a proper " workout . "
Neglect and underuse can cause your AC compressor to go bad , so make sure to run your AC compressor at least once every month .
If it 's super cold outside , you can run your car outdoors - you do n't have to be in the car , but make sure the vehicle is in park and the emergency brake is engaged .
It 's a good idea to stay on the premise when running a car with no occupants .
Change the AC compressor belt .
Remember the tension issue we talked about before ?
You can preempt the problem entirely by regularly replacing the AC compressor belt .
This not only provides a superior fit around the AC clutch , but it also avoids the potentially devastating situation of a broken belt while driving .
This not only causes your AC to stop working , but belt fragments and other debris can damage other engine components .
AC Compressor Replacement
When you find a defective AC compressor in your vehicle , you may have to replace it .
Replacing AC compressors are one of the most common repairs in a vehicle , as compressors undergo a lot of stress and can therefore , fail from time to time .
From regular cars to high - end SUVs , every vehicle now has an air - conditioning system .
The AC compressor is the first component which starts the AC cycle and therefore , a fault in it will put a dent in the performance of the AC system .
In addition , a malfunctioning compressor can unnecessarily waste the power generated by the engine .
Whether it is your sleek Ferrari or your stylish BMW , when its AC compressor starts acting up , it will result in inadequate cooling of the passenger compartment .
The AC compressor can fail internally or due to external parts such as the clutch and pulley .
A proper troubleshooting routine can help pinpoint the actual defect with the compressor .
The clutch engages and disengages the compressor , whenever required .
If the troubleshooting indicates a defect in the AC clutch , it may have to be replaced .
At Discountacparts.com , you will find replacement clutches compatible with your vehicle at affordable prices .
The cost to replace the clutch is lower than replacing the AC compressor .
If the diagnostic process implies that the AC compressor has failed internally , you will have to replace the entire compressor .
You may balk at the fact that AC Compressors can be pretty expensive and blow a hole in your budget .
Relax !
We are here to put your anxieties to rest , since we sell AC compressors at affordable prices .
If you are experienced at replacing AC compressors , you can go ahead and replace it yourself .
With no labor cost involved , you only need pay for the replacement part .
Since the cost of the part is at one of the lowest prices here , you can fix the issue with the compressor at a much lesser cost than usual .
When you have decided to buy AC Compressors from Discountacparts.com , you can buy them with no regrets .
Whether it is for their quality , reliability or compatibility , our AC compressors have received positive reviews from our customers .
Before replacing AC Compressors , it is advisable to flush the AC system .
As most AC compressors fail due to debris or metallic impurities , flushing the system will remove any such deposits in all parts of the AC system .
While replacing the AC compressor is important , making sure that any future failure is avoided should also take equal priority .
This can save you money in the long run .
AC Compressor Best Sellers !
Use Shop By Vehicle Above To Find Yours !
We 're ready to help you find the right AC compressor today .
Browse our selection based on your vehicle 's year , make and model .
If you 're having trouble locating AC compressors , our customer service team is ready to help .
Just call us at ( 800 ) 399-7845 .
Thanks for visiting the Discountacparts.com AC compressor store !
Mike Tyson is reportedly considering a comeback to the ring later this year , possibly against Evander Holyfield .
The boxing website , Ringsidereport.com , quoting a source close to Tyson , reports that his , " former promoter Don King has a tentative deal for Tyson to return to the ring in late 2010 .
The initial plan is to have Tyson - Holyfield III , but there is rumoured hesitation on the part of Iron Mike , and there is a plan B'' .
The former world heavyweight champion , 43 , retired in June 2005 after refusing to come out for round seven against the Irish journeyman Kevin McBride .
The British heavyweights Danny Williams and Lennox Lewis had also knocked out Tyson in the closing stages of his turbulent career .
The 47 - year - old Holyfield is due to fight the South African Frans Botha , 41 , in Las Vegas on 17 April .
He fought and beat Tyson twice , losing bits of his ear in the second bout .
They spoke amicably when guests on Oprah Winfrey 's TV show recently .
Alternative opponents named for Tyson include the former world cruiserweight champion Jean Mormeck , who lost his title to David Haye , and obscure heavyweights Tony Grano , Vinny Maddalone and Derric Rossy .
Tyson looked to have lost up to 40 lbs for a recent walk - on appearance on the Italian TV programme , " Dancing With Stars " , according to Boxing News , which would put him near his fighting weight of 15st 10lb .
Interest in Tyson historically has fluctuated according to his behaviour away from boxing , but his profile in the past couple of years has been largely sympathetic .
He was moving and articulate in an eponymous documentary that won several awards , and had a small part in the hit Hollywood comedy , The Hangover .
Eric Gill , Adrian Frutiger and Max Miedinger are names we associate with the classic typefaces designers use on a daily basis .
Their font creations are timeless designs that look right at home no matter what century we ’re in .
This collection of 25 classic fonts is a round up of the best and most popular fonts every designer should own .
You can be sure that they will last your whole design career .
Helvetica
Who has n’t heard of Helvetica ?
It ’s probably the most recognised classic typeface .
Originally designed 1957 by Swiss designer Max Miedinger and Eduard Hoffmann
Bodoni
Bodoni is a serif typeface designed by Giambattista Bodoni in 1798 .
Iconically used for the Goodfellas gangster movie poster .
Clarendon
Clarendon is a fantastically fat slab serif , created by Robert Besley in 1845 .
Akzidenz Grotesk
Akzidenz Grotesk was designed in 1896 by the H. Berthold AG type foundry and was used as inspiration in 1957 for the Helvetica typeface .
Avenir
Avenir is a geometric sans - serif typeface designed by Adrian Frutiger ( recall the name ?
He ’s also famous for another classic font , I ’ll let you guess which one ) .
FF DIN
FF
Din is a relatively new typeface compared to the veterans mentioned so far with it being created in 1995 by Albert - Jan Pool .
One of my personal all time favs .
Futura
Futura is another widely used font that can be seen in countless logos .
It was originally created in the 1920 ’s by Paul Renner .
News Gothic
News Gothic was designed by Morris Fuller Benton in 1908 , and has the most amazing fact of being the typeface used during the Star Wars opening credits .
Frutiger
Remember Adrian Frutiger ?
Needless to say he was also the designer behind the classic Frutiger typeface .
Meta
FF Meta is another member of the modern classic collection , designed by Erik Spiekermann in 1986 .
Meta is another of my personal favourites .
Gill Sans
Designed by Eric Gill in 1926 , Gill Sans is another widely used font in graphic design .
Famous uses include the London Underground signage .
Garamond
Probably one of the most famous names for serif fonts , Garamond can be found in a number of variations .
Overall it ’s commonly used for body text in books .
Mrs Eaves
Mrs Eaves is a recent design of a traditional serif typeface style by Zuzana Licko in 1996 .
Dax
Dax , now famously used for the branding of UPS , was originally created by Hans Reichel .
Myriad
Yes , that one that appears as default in your Adobe apps .
Myriad was designed specifically for Adobe by Rober Slimback and Carol Twombly .
VAG Rounded
VAG Rounded , aka VAG Rundschrift makes an appearance in countless web2.0 logos , but was originally designed in 1979 as a corporate identity for Volkswagen .
Optima
Optima is a German typeface designed by Hermann Zapf .
It ’s a sans - serif font on a low calorie diet with it ’s thinning lines around the letterforms .
Avant Garde
Originally created for the Avant Garde Magazine , the Avant Garde font is now seen in plenty of printed headlines .
Univers
Univers is another classic by Adrian Frutiger .
It has typical swiss styling and is often confused with Helvetica , or Akzidenz Grotesk .
Rockwell
Rockwell is probably the most iconic slab - serif font .
Designed by Monotype in 1934 it ’s now used in all kinds of designs for an eye grabbing impact .
Minion
Minion is a popular serif font designed by Robert Slimback in 1990 for Adobe .
Cleverly named after the traditional naming system for type sizes .
Sabon
Sabon is another old style serif , this one however was designed by Jan Tschichold in Germany and released by Linotype , Monotype and Stempel in 1967 .
Cocon
Cocon is the most recent of this collection , designed in 1998 by Evert Bloemsma , Cocon features some cool letterforms with sleek points .
Rotis
Rotis was built with exceptionally high legibility in mind .
Designed by Otl Aicher in 1988 .
Bembo
Bembo is one of the most popular typefaces used in books , first printed in 1496 and brought to life for the modern age in 1929 .
Have I missed out your favourite ?
Add your comment and let us all know your top fonts of all time .
A study claiming that liberals and Atheists are " more intelligent " than religious believers is causing a buzz in the news media and academic circles .
Authored by Satoshi Kanazawa of the London School of Economics , the study claims that " more intelligent individuals may be more likely to acquire and espouse evolutionarily novel values and preferences ( such as liberalism and atheism ... ) than less intelligent individuals . "
Fellow academics are saying that Kanazawa 's research and conclusions are flawed .
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
And now , some Atheists agree and are speaking out .
Dr. Ed Buckner , President of American Atheists , said that " intelligence " -- especially as reflected by so - called IQ tests -- can be difficult to define and quantify .
" There are often cultural , ethnic , and even sexual biases at work here , and a good case can be made that there are actually many different kinds of intelligence , " said Buckner .
" Something like ' intelligence ' has to be understood in a very broad context , and Dr. Kanazawa seems not to have given that sufficient consideration . "
" We have never said that Atheists or other non-believers are inherently ' superior ' or ' smarter ' than religious people , even though we do assert that logic and evidence are on our side regarding our conclusions .
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
Questions about religious beliefs and whether ' god ' exists should be discussed and argued based on the best evidence . "
Buckner also noted that members of American Atheists vary considerably regarding political philosophies , saying that " liberals , libertarians , conservatives , and other ( less orthodox ) categories can all be found
among our members and leaders . "
He added that a Catholic or Muslim with an IQ score higher than a random non-believer , for instance , does not constitute any special evidence regarding claims any of them might make .
" And we 're totally against Atheists suddenly telling the world , ' Hey , look at us , we 're right because we 're bright ! ' "
Kathleen Johnson , Vice President for American Atheists , said that she prefers to suggest that all or at least most Americans can , with sufficient reasoning , understand the need to question religion .
" There are all kinds of Atheists , just as there are all kinds of believers , " said Johnson .
" We advocate a polite , courteous , and ' spirited ' exchange of views , and we encourage everyone -- Atheist and religious alike -- to exercise their First Amendment rights by expressing their opinions in a constitutional manner in the public square .
We can win in the marketplace of ideas without invidious comparisons or pointless insults aimed at those with whom we differ . "
undefined
When I testified before the U.S. Senate on Dec. 6 , 2006 , I stated that the public was " vastly misinformed ” on global warming , and that " there is no sound scientific basis for predicting future climate change with any degree of certainty . ”
Since the " climategate ” scandal broke , the global warming hoax has collapsed like a house of rotten cards .
The earth has n’t warmed appreciably for the past decade .
There is no significant evidence that our climate has changed , or that the mild warming of the last 150 years can be attributed to anything other than natural variation .
The poles are n’t melting , polar bears are thriving , and last year ’s Atlantic hurricane season was below average in activity .
And this bitter winter has brought home to Oklahomans the undeniable truth that cold weather is inherently more inclement than warm .
The Christmas Eve blizzard of 2009 was directly responsible for the deaths of at least nine people , and seven more died as a result of the recent storm that peaked on Jan. 29 .
For telling the truth as I saw it , I was called a " denier ” who did n’t care about the environment or the future .
I was accosted by angry students .
A group of senior meteorologists at the University of Oklahoma publicly claimed that I was attempting to deliberately misinform people .
But the climategate e-mails demonstrate that it ’s not skeptics like me who have been misleading and misinforming the public .
Climate researchers conspired to suppress the publication of dissenting views .
Data were distorted and hidden for political purposes .
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , that supposed bastion of objective and reliable science , has been revealed to be a political body that tendentiously manipulates data for ideological reasons .
And we are just now learning that some of the IPCC ’s wild predictions were n’t based upon scientific study , but upon speculative and self - serving claims invented by environmental advocacy groups .
In October 2007 , the Oklahoma Climatological Survey released a statement on climate change that asserted " the climate will continue to warm through the 21st century . ”
We should n’t confuse weather with climate .
But the 2007 report by the OCS explicitly predicted " warmer winters ” and " fewer cold - air outbreaks and extremes . ”
The authors of the survey report were wrong .
The second half of 2009 was " exceptionally cool , ” and last October was the coldest October in Oklahoma since record keeping began in 1895 .
As a result of misinformation provided by the OCS , Oklahoma was ill - prepared for the severe winter weather we are currently experiencing .
Why was I , a geologist , able to get it right , while the professional climatologists got it wrong ?
The OCS report relied upon junk science produced by the IPCC .
Political ideology was substituted for science .
And intolerance produces bad science .
Deming is associate professor of arts and sciences at the University of Oklahoma .
In one generation , Japan has gone from being the youngest developed country to the oldest Getty Images
USHI OKUSHIMA is the oldest resident of Ogimi , the most elderly community in Japan – the country where the average age is higher than anywhere else in the world .
At 108 , she still takes to the floor for traditional Japanese dances .
Afterwards she dabs a little French perfume behind her ears and sips the local firewater .
Okushima was born when Japan had only recently seen off the shogun warlords .
If an ageing population is on the way , she is not a bad advert …
A former Macquarie fund manager has been given a prison sentence for attempting to avoid ASIC investigations by trying to flee the country .
The NSW Supreme Court found that Oswyn De Silva , a former portfolio manager at Macquarie Bank , was running from allegations of wrongdoing by the corporate watchdog when he tried to flee the country earlier this month .
He was given a prison sentence on Thursday , after earlier pleading guilty in the NSW Supreme Court to being in contempt of court .
However , the length of the sentence is yet to be determined , with the court requesting information on what medical treatment NSW Corrective Services will be able to provide De Silva while in custody .
The 36 - year - old former portfolio manager was diagnosed as being HIV positive in 2005 , and the court on Thursday was told he was taking antibiotics but required further medication which he did not have .
De Silva was apprehended by Australian Federal Police as he tried to board a flight in Perth on March 1 , just days after he was ordered by the NSW Supreme Court not to leave Australia .
The Australian Securities and Investments Commission ( ASIC ) had sought the orders as it was investigating trading De Silva had engaged in between 2006 and 2007 while at Macquarie Bank .
In his sentencing remarks on Thursday , Justice George Palmer said he had concluded that De Silva 's attempt to leave the country was a premeditated effort to escape the ASIC allegations .
The court found that De Silva 's contrition for his actions was not sincere and was only expressed once he had been caught .
" Mr De Silva has not accepted responsibility for his real actions , " Justice Palmer said .
While acknowledging imprisonment would cause De Silva emotional stress due to his medical condition , Justice Palmer said it was important that orders of the Supreme Court were obeyed .
Earlier this week , De Silva , a resident of the United Kingdom , told the court he had fallen into cocaine abuse after he left Macquarie with a confidential severance package in 2008 .
Justice Palmer acknowledged De Silva had been through a " dark and troubled " period of his life , and said he hoped he would emerge successfully .
De Silva will be required to report to police daily before Justice Palmer delivers the terms of the custodial sentence on March 24 .
- AAP
Welcome to Marvel Knights Week .
Make sure you check out the kick - off article on the mothership , and fire up that DVD player .
We will be taking nominations for The Best Marvel Knights Movie Moment .
Describe the scene and explain why you love it .
Choose as many moments as you wish .
All choices will be entered into the Legendary Cardboard contest hat .
One participant , chosen at random , will be honored as the winning champion of The Best Marvel Knights Movie Moment .
Prizes have yet to be determined , but once the game is released it will be something good !
Before you start splattering hyperbole toward the darkness , check out the card above .
See that little “ S ” that follows Daredevil ’s card number ?
That means he is a Super - Rare .
The first one we have ever seen close - up .
What a wicked way to start the week .
It 's a truism of devastating obviousness that we tend to prefer the easy option over the difficult one .
Terrible choices of almost any size – from not going to the ­dentist to causing the sub - prime mortgage crisis – can usually be traced back to the fact that doing things differently would have taken more effort .
Sure , there may be other , subtler explanations for humanity 's reliable tendency towards wrongness and fiasco , but I can't be bothered to think of any .
Like everyone else , I 'm taking the easy option , thereby providing evidence in ­support of my point .
Thus I win .
Even if it 's a truism , though , it 's only relatively recently that ­psychologists have come to grasp how deeply this preference for ease ferrets into our brains , manifesting itself not just as a liking for physical sloth , but for mental laziness , too .
They call this " cognitive fluency " : the idea that if something is easy to think about , we 're far more likely to think it preferable , more important or true .
One study suggests that people think of recipes , or lists of tasks , as easier if they 're printed in a clearer font .
Another suggests that hostility ­towards immigrants may be partially explained because it's more taxing to conceive of , say , a person from ­Algeria who lives in France than a French person living in France .
The well - known " availability bias " makes us more afraid of threats we can vividly picture , no matter how unlikely .
( Did you know you 're 30 times more likely to be killed by a falling piece of aircraft than in a shark attack ? )
An academic study of the anonymous confessions site grouphug .us concluded that people became more candid when a more legible redesign was intro­duced .
And companies with easier - to - pronounce names , the Boston Globe reported recently in a round­up of cognitive fluency research , fare ­better on the stock market .
This makes good evolutionary sense , of course : our brains have ­developed to conserve our energies for when we need them to survive .
This may be why it 's so hard to feel motivated to go jogging : exercise for its own sake would have been insane in a world in which you got all the workouts you needed just feeding yourself and escaping wild animals .
A fondness for the familiar , similarly , is eminently ­understandable .
As the late psychologist Robert ­Zajonc liked to say , " If it 's familiar , it has n't eaten you yet . "
There 's an upside to this ­tendency to idleness , though : ­cognitive ­fluency 's opposite , ­" disfluency " , prompts us to think things through more carefully , and can be harnessed to prompt focused thought .
Those same font researchers found that printing something in a difficult typeface caused people really to ­engage with the content ; far more gave the correct answer to the ­question " How many animals of each kind did Moses take on the ark ? "
( Answer : none . )
The novelist Colum McCann prints off his drafts in eight - point Times New Roman , in order to peer at his words with fresh eyes and a more rigorous mind .
And yet I can't help feeling ­dispirited .
It 's agonising enough to consider the great opportunities we miss in life as a result of crippling fear , or lack of talent , or appalling bad luck .
How much worse is it to think of all the roads not taken because just thinking about them in the first place took a little more effort ?
The only solution , presumably , is to be constantly on the alert for lazy thinking .
Which is , in itself , mentally tiring .
Yes .
It 's awkward .
oliver.burkeman@theguardian.com
Get an accountant , abstain from sex and similes , cut , rewrite , then cut and rewrite again – if all else fails , pray .
Inspired by Elmore Leonard 's 10 Rules of Writing , we asked authors for their personal dos and don'ts
Elmore Leonard : Using adverbs is a mortal sin
1 Never open a book with weather .
If it 's only to create atmosphere , and not a charac­ter 's reaction to the weather , you do n't want to go on too long .
The reader is apt to leaf ahead look­ing for people .
There are exceptions .
If you happen to be Barry Lopez , who has more ways than an Eskimo to describe ice and snow in his book Arctic Dreams , you can do all the weather reporting you want .
2 Avoid prologues : they can be ­annoying , especially a prologue ­following an introduction that comes after a foreword .
But these are ordinarily found in non-fiction .
A prologue in a novel is backstory , and you can drop it in anywhere you want .
There is a prologue in John Steinbeck 's Sweet Thursday , but it 's OK because a character in the book makes the point of what my rules are all about .
He says : " I like a lot of talk in a book and I do n't like to have nobody tell me what the guy that 's talking looks like .
I want to figure out what he looks like from the way he talks . "
3 Never use a verb other than " said " to carry dialogue .
The line of dialogue belongs to the character ; the verb is the writer sticking his nose in .
But " said " is far less intrusive than " grumbled " , " gasped " , " cautioned " , " lied " .
I once noticed Mary McCarthy ending a line of dialogue with " she asseverated " and had to stop reading and go to the dictionary .
4 Never use an adverb to modify the verb " said " ... he admonished gravely .
To use an adverb this way ( or almost any way ) is a mortal sin .
The writer is now exposing himself in earnest , using a word that distracts and can interrupt the rhythm of the exchange .
I have a character in one of my books tell how she used to write historical romances " full of rape and adverbs " .
5 Keep your exclamation points ­under control .
You are allowed no more than two or three per 100,000 words of prose .
If you have the knack of playing with exclaimers the way Tom Wolfe does , you can throw them in by the handful .
6 Never use the words " suddenly " or " all hell broke loose " .
This rule does n't require an explanation .
I have noticed that writers who use " suddenly " tend to exercise less control in the application of exclamation points .
7 Use regional dialect , patois , sparingly .
Once you start spelling words in dialogue phonetically and loading the page with apos­trophes , you wo n't be able to stop .
Notice the way Annie Proulx captures the flavour of Wyoming voices in her book of short stories Close Range .
8 Avoid detailed descriptions of characters , which Steinbeck covered .
In Ernest Hemingway 's " Hills Like White Elephants " , what do the " Ameri­can and the girl with him " look like ?
" She had taken off her hat and put it on the table . "
That 's the only reference to a physical description in the story .
9 Do n't go into great detail describing places and things , unless you 're ­Margaret Atwood and can paint scenes with language .
You do n't want descriptions that bring the action , the flow of the story , to a standstill .
10 Try to leave out the part that readers tend to skip .
Think of what you skip reading a novel : thick paragraphs of prose you can see have too many words in them .
My most important rule is one that sums up the 10 : if it sounds like writing , I rewrite it .
Elmore Leonard 's 10 Rules of Writing is published next month by Weidenfeld & Nicolson .
Diana Athill
1 Read it aloud to yourself because that 's the only way to be sure the rhythms of the sentences are OK ( prose rhythms are too complex and subtle to be thought out – they can be got right only by ear ) .
2 Cut ( perhaps that should be CUT ) : only by having no ­inessential words can every essential word be made to count .
3 You do n't always have to go so far as to murder your darlings – those turns of phrase or images of which you felt extra proud when they appeared on the page – but go back and look at them with a very beady eye .
Almost always it turns out that they'd be better dead .
( Not every little twinge of satisfaction is suspect – it's the ones which amount to a sort of smug glee you must watch out for . )
Margaret Atwood
1 Take a pencil to write with on aeroplanes .
Pens leak .
But if the pencil breaks , you can't sharpen it on the plane , because you can't take knives with you .
Therefore : take two pencils .
2 If both pencils break , you can do a rough sharpening job with a nail file of the metal or glass type .
3 Take something to write on .
Paper is good .
In a pinch , pieces of wood or your arm will do .
4 If you 're using a computer , always safeguard new text with a ­memory stick .
5 Do back exercises .
Pain is distracting .
6 Hold the reader 's attention .
( This is likely to work better if you can hold your own . )
But you do n't know who the reader is , so it 's like shooting fish with a slingshot in the dark .
What ­fascinates A will bore the pants off B .
7 You most likely need a thesaurus , a rudimentary grammar book , and a grip on reality .
This latter means : there 's no free lunch .
Writing is work .
It 's also gambling .
You do n't get a pension plan .
Other people can help you a bit , but ­essentially you 're on your own .
­Nobody is making you do this : you chose it , so do n't whine .
8 You can never read your own book with the innocent anticipation that comes with that first delicious page of a new book , because you wrote the thing .
You 've been backstage .
You 've seen how the rabbits were smuggled into the hat .
Therefore ask a reading friend or two to look at it before you give it to anyone in the publishing business .
This friend should not be someone with whom you have a ­romantic relationship , unless you want to break up .
9 Do n't sit down in the middle of the woods .
If you 're lost in the plot or blocked , retrace your steps to where you went wrong .
Then take the other road .
And / or change the person .
Change the tense .
Change the opening page .
10 Prayer might work .
Or reading ­something else .
Or a constant visual­isation of the holy grail that is the finished , published version of your resplendent book .
Roddy Doyle
1 Do not place a photograph of your ­favourite author on your desk , especially if the author is one of the famous ones who committed suicide .
2 Do be kind to yourself .
Fill pages as quickly as possible ; double space , or write on every second line .
Regard every new page as a small triumph ­–
3 Until you get to Page 50 .
Then calm down , and start worrying about the quality .
Do feel anxiety – it's the job .
4 Do give the work a name as quickly as possible .
Own it , and see it .
Dickens knew Bleak House was going to be called Bleak House before he started writing it .
The rest must have been easy .
5 Do restrict your browsing to a few websites a day .
Do n't go near the online bookies – unless it 's research .
6 Do keep a thesaurus , but in the shed at the back of the garden or behind the fridge , somewhere that demands travel or effort .
Chances are the words that come into your head will do fine , eg " horse " , " ran " , " said " .
7 Do , occasionally , give in to temptation .
Wash the kitchen floor , hang out the washing .
It 's research .
8 Do change your mind .
Good ideas are often murdered by better ones .
I was working on a novel about a band called the Partitions .
Then I decided to call them the Commitments .
9 Do not search amazon.co.uk for the book you have n't written yet .
10 Do spend a few minutes a day working on the cover biog – " He divides his time between Kabul and Tierra del Fuego . "
But then get back to work .
Helen Dunmore
1 Finish the day 's writing when you still want to continue .
2 Listen to what you have written .
A dud rhythm in a passage of dialogue may show that you do n't yet understand the characters well enough to write in their voices .
3 Read Keats 's letters .
4 Reread , rewrite , reread , rewrite .
If it still does n't work , throw it away .
It 's a nice feeling , and you do n't want to be cluttered with the corpses of poems and stories which have everything in them except the life they need .
5 Learn poems by heart .
6 Join professional organisations which advance the collective rights of authors .
7 A problem with a piece of writing often clarifies itself if you go for a long walk .
8 If you fear that taking care of your children and household will damage your writing , think of JG Ballard .
9 Do n't worry about posterity – as Larkin ( no sentimentalist ) observed " What will survive of us is love " .
Geoff Dyer
1 Never worry about the commercial possibilities of a project .
That stuff is for agents and editors to fret over – or not .
Conversation with my American publisher .
Me : " I 'm writing a book so boring , of such limited commercial appeal , that if you publish it , it will probably cost you your job . "
Publisher : " That 's exactly what makes me want to stay in my job . "
2 Do n't write in public places .
In the early 1990s I went to live in Paris .
The usual writerly reasons : back then , if you were caught writing in a pub in England , you could get your head kicked in , whereas in Paris , dans les cafés . . .
Since then I 've developed an aversion to writing in public .
I now think it should be done only in private , like any other lavatorial activity .
3 Do n't be one of those writers who sentence themselves to a lifetime of sucking up to Nabokov .
4 If you use a computer , constantly refine and expand your autocorrect settings .
The only reason I stay loyal to my piece - of - shit computer is that I have invested so much ingenuity into building one of the great auto­correct files in literary history .
Perfectly formed and spelt words emerge from a few brief keystrokes : " Niet " becomes " Nietzsche " , " phoy " becomes ­" photography " and so on .
­ Genius !
5 Keep a diary .
The biggest regret of my writing life is that I have never kept a journal or a diary .
6 Have regrets .
They are fuel .
On the page they flare into desire .
7 Have more than one idea on the go at any one time .
If it 's a choice between writing a book and doing nothing I will always choose the latter .
It 's only if I have an idea for two books that I choose one rather than the other .
I ­always have to feel that I 'm bunking off from something .
8 Beware of clichés .
Not just the ­clichés that Martin Amis is at war with .
There are clichés of response as well as expression .
There are clichés of observation and of thought – even of conception .
Many novels , even quite a few adequately written ones , are ­clichés of form which conform to clichés of expectation .
9 Do it every day .
Make a habit of putting your observations into words and gradually this will become instinct .
This is the most important rule of all and , naturally , I do n't follow it .
10 Never ride a bike with the brakes on .
If something is proving too difficult , give up and do something else .
Try to live without resort to per­severance .
But writing is all about ­perseverance .
You 've got to stick at it .
In my 30s I used to go to the gym even though I hated it .
The purpose of ­going to the gym was to postpone the day when I would stop going .
That 's what writing is to me : a way of ­postponing the day when I wo n't do it any more , the day when I will sink into a depression so profound it will be indistinguishable from perfect bliss .
Anne Enright
1 The first 12 years are the worst .
2 The way to write a book is to actually write a book .
A pen is useful , typing is also good .
Keep putting words on the page .
3 Only bad writers think that their work is really good .
4 Description is hard .
Remember that all description is an opinion about the world .
Find a place to stand .
5 Write whatever way you like .
Fiction is made of words on a page ; reality is made of something else .
It does n't matter how " real " your story is , or how " made up " : what matters is its necessity .
6 Try to be accurate about stuff .
7 Imagine that you are dying .
If you had a terminal disease would you ­finish this book ?
Why not ?
The thing that annoys this 10 - weeks - to - live self is the thing that is wrong with the book .
So change it .
Stop arguing with yourself .
Change it .
See ?
Easy .
And no one had to die .
8 You can also do all that with whiskey .
9 Have fun .
10 Remember , if you sit at your desk for 15 or 20 years , every day , not ­counting weekends , it changes you .
It just does .
It may not improve your temper , but it fixes something else .
It makes you more free .
Richard Ford
1 Marry somebody you love and who thinks you being a writer 's a good idea .
2 Do n't have children .
3 Do n't read your reviews .
4 Do n't write reviews .
( Your judgment 's always tainted . )
5 Do n't have arguments with your wife in the morning , or late at night .
6 Do n't drink and write at the same time .
7 Do n't write letters to the editor .
( No one cares . )
8 Do n't wish ill on your colleagues .
9 Try to think of others ' good luck as encouragement to yourself .
10 Do n't take any shit if you can ­possibly help it .
Jonathan Franzen
1 The reader is a friend , not an adversary , not a spectator .
2 Fiction that is n't an author 's personal adventure into the frightening or the unknown is n't worth writing for anything but money .
3 Never use the word " then " as a ­conjunction – we have " and " for this purpose .
Substituting " then " is the lazy or tone - deaf writer 's non-solution to the problem of too many " ands " on the page .
4 Write in the third person unless a ­really distinctive first - person voice ­offers itself irresistibly .
5 When information becomes free and universally accessible , voluminous research for a novel is devalued along with it .
6 The most purely autobiographical ­fiction requires pure invention .
Nobody ever wrote a more auto­biographical story than " The Meta­morphosis " .
7 You see more sitting still than chasing after .
8 It 's doubtful that anyone with an internet connection at his workplace is writing good fiction .
9 Interesting verbs are seldom very interesting .
10 You have to love before you can be relentless .
Esther Freud
1 Cut out the metaphors and similes .
In my first book I promised myself I would n't use any and I slipped up ­during a sunset in chapter 11 .
I still blush when I come across it .
2 A story needs rhythm .
Read it aloud to yourself .
If it does n't spin a bit of magic , it 's missing something .
3 Editing is everything .
Cut until you can cut no more .
What is left often springs into life .
4 Find your best time of the day for writing and write .
Do n't let anything else interfere .
Afterwards it wo n't matter to you that the kitchen is a mess .
5 Do n't wait for inspiration .
Discipline is the key .
6 Trust your reader .
Not everything needs to be explained .
If you really know something , and breathe life into it , they 'll know it too .
7 Never forget , even your own rules are there to be broken .
Neil Gaiman
1 Write .
2 Put one word after another .
Find the right word , put it down .
3 Finish what you 're writing .
Whatever you have to do to finish it , finish it .
4 Put it aside .
Read it pretending you 've never read it before .
Show it to friends whose opinion you respect and who like the kind of thing that this is .
5 Remember : when people tell you something 's wrong or does n't work for them , they are almost always right .
When they tell you exactly what they think is wrong and how to fix it , they are almost always wrong .
6 Fix it .
Remember that , sooner or later , before it ever reaches perfection , you will have to let it go and move on and start to write the next thing .
Perfection is like chasing the horizon .
Keep moving .
7 Laugh at your own jokes .
8 The main rule of writing is that if you do it with enough assurance and confidence , you 're allowed to do whatever you like .
( That may be a rule for life as well as for writing .
But it 's definitely true for writing . )
So write your story as it needs to be written .
Write it ­honestly , and tell it as best you can .
I 'm not sure that there are any other rules .
Not ones that matter .
David Hare
1 Write only when you have something to say .
2 Never take advice from anyone with no investment in the outcome .
3 Style is the art of getting yourself out of the way , not putting yourself in it .
4 If nobody will put your play on , put it on yourself .
5 Jokes are like hands and feet for a painter .
They may not be what you want to end up doing but you have to master them in the meanwhile .
6 Theatre primarily belongs to the young .
7 No one has ever achieved consistency as a screenwriter .
8 Never go to a TV personality festival masquerading as a literary festival .
9 Never complain of being misunderstood .
You can choose to be understood , or you can choose not to .
10 The two most depressing words in the English language are " literary fiction " .
PD James
1 Increase your word power .
Words are the raw material of our craft .
The greater your vocabulary the more ­effective your writing .
We who write in English are fortunate to have the richest and most versatile language in the world .
Respect it .
2 Read widely and with discrimination .
Bad writing is contagious .
3 Do n't just plan to write – write .
It is only by writing , not dreaming about it , that we develop our own style .
4 Write what you need to write , not what is currently popular or what you think will sell .
5 Open your mind to new experiences , particularly to the study of other ­people .
Nothing that happens to a writer – however happy , however tragic – is ever wasted .
AL Kennedy
1 Have humility .
Older / more ­experienced / more convincing writers may offer rules and varieties of advice .
­Consider what they say .
However , do n't automatically give them charge of your brain , or anything else – they might be bitter , twisted , burned - out , manipulative , or just not very like you .
2 Have more humility .
Remember you do n't know the limits of your own abilities .
Successful or not , if you keep pushing beyond yourself , you will enrich your own life – and maybe even please a few strangers .
3 Defend others .
You can , of course , steal stories and attributes from family and friends , fill in filecards after lovemaking and so forth .
It might be better to celebrate those you love – and love itself – by writing in such a way that everyone keeps their privacy and dignity intact .
4 Defend your work .
Organisations , institutions and individuals will often think they know best about your work – especially if they are paying you .
When you genuinely believe their decisions would damage your work – walk away .
Run away .
The money does n't matter that much .
5 Defend yourself .
Find out what keeps you happy , motivated and creative .
6 Write .
No amount of self - inflicted misery , altered states , black pullovers or being publicly obnoxious will ever add up to your being a writer .
Writers write .
On you go .
7 Read .
As much as you can .
As deeply and widely and nourishingly and ­irritatingly as you can .
And the good things will make you remember them , so you wo n't need to take notes .
8 Be without fear .
This is impossible , but let the small fears drive your rewriting and set aside the large ones ­until they behave – then use them , maybe even write them .
Too much fear and all you 'll get is silence .
9 Remember you love writing .
It would n't be worth it if you did n't .
If the love fades , do what you need to and get it back .
10 Remember writing does n't love you .
It does n't care .
Nevertheless , it can behave with remarkable generosity .
Speak well of it , encourage others , pass it on .
Read the second part of the article here
Pin Share Email 0 Shares
Tax day is creeping up on us again .
Most people are in the middle of filing their 2009 tax returns , however , if you have self employment income you ’ll also be needing to send in your taxes for your 1st quarter estimated tax payment .
Thankfully I just completed my 2009 taxes earlier this week , and made my 1st quarter estimated tax payment yesterday .
There ’s a lot to remember come tax time , so here ’s a quick review of the details surrounding your estimated tax payments .
Do I Need To Make Estimated Tax Payments ?
Our government has instituted a pay as you go system where - by you have to pay your taxes throughout the year – you ca n’t pay them in one lump sum at the end of the year .
If you have an employer they will normally withhold taxes from your regular paycheck in order to cover your taxes .
If you have freelance income or a side business , however , you may have to make estimated tax payments .
To avoid penalties at tax time you will need to make sure that you make your estimated tax payments , and at the very least meet one of the following safe harbor requirements .
You can meet the requirements through increased tax withholding at your job , estimated tax payments , or a combination of both .
Different rules may apply for some taxpayers .
Meet These Safe Harbor Requirements To Avoid Tax Penalties
If you want to make sure you do n’t have penalties added to your tax bill , make sure that you meet one of these requirements during the year .
Owe less than $ 1,000 for this year ’s taxes .
Withhold 100 % of last year ’s tax liability .
( We paid 100 % of last year ’s tax liability , but we ended up having to pay another $ 4000 at tax time since we made more this year )
Withhold 90 % of this year ’s tax liability .
( Do you know what it ’s going to be ?
We had no idea what to expect , so we withheld 100 % of the previous tax year ’s liability )
To calculate your estimated tax payments should be , download government tax form 1040 - ES .
If your income is variable , it may be a bit of a guessing game – but then again , that is why they have the safe harbor requirements – so you can avoid penalties if you ’re off .
When Should I Be Making Payments ?
If you ’re going to have to make estimated tax payments this year , there are 4 payments that you ’ll need to make , one each quarter .
They are :
April 15 ( I just made this one )
( I just made this one ) June 15
September 15
January 15
One thing a lot of people forget is that estimated tax payments are not made every 3 months , but are spaced unevenly throughout the year .
That means sometimes payments are two months apart , sometimes 4 months .
It varies .
Mark it on your calendar so you do n’t forget !
When I filed taxes with Turbo
Tax this year the software actually printed out 4 estimated tax vouchers with the amounts I ’ll need to pay for next year to meet the safe harbor requirement .
Very handy to have those .
How Do I Pay My Estimated Taxes ?
You can pay your estimated taxes by mail ( find where to send your payment here ) , or online by registering for the Electronic Federal Tax Payment System .
If you plan on paying online , register in advance because it will take you a while to receive your PIN via mail .
I sent my first couple of estimated tax payments in via mail , but now make my payments online .
Much easier and more immediate .
Do n’t Forget State Estimated Tax Payments
When you pay your estimated taxes for self - employment income , remember that you ’re paying for more than just your federal taxes .
You ’re also paying state and self employment taxes :
Federal estimated taxes
State estimated taxes ( not all states have income tax .
Unfortunately mine does . )
Self - employment tax of 15.3 % ( the social security and medicare portion of your tax )
Even if you meet your safe harbor requirement as noted above , if you do n’t calculate correctly you can underestimate how much money you ’ll need to pay your tax bill at the end of the year .
Plan ahead and set the money aside in a high yield savings account like the ones from ING Direct , Everbank or Ally Bank .
That ’s what I did this year , and even though I hated cutting those big checks , I had the money available and ready to send in .
Do you pay estimated taxes on your freelance income ?
Have you ever missed sending in an estimated tax payment ?
Tell us your thoughts in the comments !
When you ’re doing your taxes , take a break and head on over to Money Crashers for your chance to win one of 3 Ipads on tax day !
Online Tax Filing 2010 Giveaway – Win A Free Apple iPad !
At Bankrate we strive to help you make smarter financial decisions .
While we adhere to strict editorial integrity , this post may contain references to products from our partners .
Here ’s an explanation for how we make money .
Bankrate ’s editorial team writes on behalf of YOU – the reader .
Our goal is to give you the best advice to help you make smart personal finance decisions .
We follow strict guidelines to ensure that our editorial content is not influenced by advertisers .
Our editorial team receives no direct compensation from advertisers , and our content is thoroughly fact - checked to ensure accuracy .
So , whether you ’re reading an article or a review , you can trust that you ’re getting credible and dependable information .
We value your trust .
Our mission is to provide readers with accurate and unbiased information , and we have editorial standards in place to ensure that happens .
Our editors and reporters thoroughly fact - check editorial content to ensure the information you ’re reading is accurate .
We maintain a firewall between our advertisers and our editorial team .
Our editorial team does not receive direct compensation from our advertisers .
Bankrate follows a strict editorial policy , so you can trust that we ’re putting your interests first .
Our award - winning editors and reporters create honest and accurate content to help you make the right financial decisions .
Bankrate.com is an independent , advertising - supported publisher and comparison service .
We are compensated in exchange for placement of sponsored products and , services , or by you clicking on certain links posted on our site .
Therefore , this compensation may impact how , where and in what order products appear within listing categories .
Other factors , such as our own proprietary website rules and whether a product is offered in your area or at your self - selected credit score range can also impact how and where products appear on this site .
While we strive to provide a wide range offers , Bankrate does not include information about every financial or credit product or service .
We ’re transparent about how we are able to bring quality content , competitive rates , and useful tools to you by explaining how we make money .
Bankrate follows a strict editorial policy , so you can trust that our content is honest and accurate .
Our award - winning editors and reporters create honest and accurate content to help you make the right financial decisions .
The content created by our editorial staff is objective , factual , and not influenced by our advertisers .
You have money questions .
Bankrate has answers .
Our experts have been helping you master your money for over four decades .
We continually strive to provide consumers with the expert advice and tools needed to succeed throughout life ’s financial journey .
Which bank should I choose ?
Get personalized bank recommendations in 3 easy steps .
Get started
Scrounging for college cash ?
Let Uncle Sam foot the bill .
Paying for college
If your college savings are n’t as flush as you ’d like , check out these tips to get your slice of the free money .
20 ways to get federal money Assess your assets .
Apply , no matter what .
Meet the deadlines .
Save in parents ’ names .
Ditch your debt .
Count your babies .
Coordinate your college students .
Serve your country .
Maximize IRAs , 401( k ) s .
Buy a house .
Spend , spend , spend .
Get personal in financial - aid office .
Keep up the course load .
Work it .
Reduce capital gains .
Test yourself .
Perk up .
Report the support .
Use the grandparents .
Be honest .
1. Assess your assets .
Knowing is half the battle .
FinAid.org offers free online financial aid calculators that can help you determine what sort of award your family might qualify for , how much you ’ll need and , most importantly , what fiscal assets could potentially reduce your aid package .
Having a clearer picture of your financial prospects will help you maximize your child ’s aid eligibility .
2. Apply , no matter what .
According to the American Council on Education , every year , millions of students who qualify for Pell Grants miss out on the free government cash simply because they do n’t fill out the Free Application for Federal Student Aid , or FAFSA , paperwork .
In fact , regardless of assets or household income , all dependent students qualify for Stafford loans .
But you can only get them if you file your FAFSA .
3 . Meet the deadlines .
Turning in your FAFSA late can significantly decrease your chance of banking big .
Keep in mind your state ’s deadline , too .
“ We encourage students to complete the FAFSA as early as possible and in advance of state deadlines so that they can get all of the free money that they are entitled to , ” says Martha Holler , vice president of corporate communications at Sallie Mae.
Cathy Thomas , former director of financial aid for the University of Southern California , reports that missed deadlines are the No. 1 mistake students make when applying for federal aid .
“ If they do n’t miss them the first year , they miss them the second or the third or the fourth , ” she says .
To make sure your student qualifies for all first - come , first - serve aid , estimate your annual income and turn in your FAFSA as early in the year as possible .
4. Save in parents ’ names .
No mortgage payment , no electric bill , no insurance premium — the life of a student is fiscally sweet .
But the government does expect students to contribute financially to their own education .
Dependent students are expected to apply up to 20 percent of assets toward college , while parents contribute up to 5.64 percent of their assets .
Instead of stockpiling money in your child ’s account , keep it in your own or stick it in a 529 plan .
Before applying for a loan , check your credit score for free at myBankrate .
5 . Ditch your debt .
While aid officers will consider what you ’ve got , they wo n’t consider what you owe .
Consider liquidating funds that could count against you by paying off loans or credit card debt .
Beyond simply increasing your child ’s eligibility for federal grants and scholarships , eliminating debt will also help your family qualify for larger , lower - interest loans .
6 . Count your babies .
The amount Uncle Sam expects you to contribute to your child ’s education partly depends on your family size .
Put simply , larger families are expected to contribute a smaller percentage of their income per college - bound child than smaller families .
Most parents do n’t realize that unborn children count as family members , too .
Pregnant mothers should count each expected child in the case of twins , triplets , etc. , but be sure to get written confirmation from a doctor .
7. Coordinate your college siblings .
Looking to double the size of that aid package ?
Try doubling the number of kids you have in college .
“ Financial aid formulas are very heavily weighted toward yearly income , and just because you have more children in school at the same time does n’t mean that you have more income , ” says Mark Kantrowitz , founder of financial - aid website FinAid.org .
“ Holding back a child or trying to maximize the overlap between the children in school — that can have a big financial impact . ”
8 . Serve your country .
For students looking for a constructive way to spend a gap year ( possibly to help coordinate the number of siblings simultaneously in school ) , Americorps offers yearlong service programs that are guaranteed to never lower your financial aid eligibility .
Besides giving a small stipend and an educational award upon completion , the program offers invaluable training , the opportunity to make a difference and great experience to note on a college application .
9. Maximize IRAs , 401 ( k ) s .
Two assets that wo n’t be considered on the FAFSA form are funds invested in your family ’s primary home and accounts set aside for retirement .
Investing more money in your future now could result in the government investing more in your child ’s future .
If you have liquid funds just waiting to find their way into your retirement account , invest no later than two years before applying for federal aid because the prior year ’s contributions to a retirement plan could count as income on the FAFSA .
10 . Buy a house .
If you ’re thinking about moving on up , consider your timing .
Funds tied up in the purchase of a family ’s primary home are not considered available assets .
Instead of having that equity subtracted from your child ’s aid package , use it to your mutual advantage by investing in something your entire family can enjoy .
11 . Spend , spend , spend .
Spend your child ’s money , that is .
Because Junior is expected to pony up a higher percentage of income toward higher education , it ’s not unwise to blow student funds first on pre-college needs ( such as dorm supplies , a computer if needed and books ) before you apply for aid .
To avoid gripes and groans from the peanut gallery , set aside an equal amount in one of your accounts and agree to reimburse your child at a later time .
12 . Get personal in the financial aid office .
Thomas from the University of Southern California warns parents to never underestimate the power of human resources .
“ Financial aid offices really do want to know if there ’s something different about the family , ” she says .
“ For example , there ’s no place on the FAFSA for high medical expenses , and usually that ’s not something families can control . ”
For extenuating circumstances such as health emergencies , unemployment , divorce or loss of a home , aid officers can negotiate with the government on your behalf , potentially winning you a sweeter award .
13 . Keep up the course load .
Maximizing aid eligibility means not only scoring an award , but maintaining it .
Federal programs such as the Pell Grant are tied to your child ’s student status , meaning that if he or she drops a class , it could wind up costing more than a blemished GPA .
To keep the money coming in year after year , read the fine print and make sure that you and your child understand the course load and grade requirements .
14 . Work it .
In work - study programs , student earnings are exempt from the watchful eye of financial aid officers .
By landing a work - study job , your child will not only be able to earn money throughout the school year , he ’ll also be gaining professional training , networking contacts and something to put on the resume besides “ member of break - dancing club . ”
15 . Reduce capital gains .
Capital gains from stocks , bonds and mutual funds count as income and could stand between your child and a fat aid check .
If you ’re thinking about selling your securities and redeploying that cash into your retirement fund , a new home or paying off debt , Kantrowitz recommends doing so no later than your child ’s sophomore year in high school .
“ Sell two years prior to going to college so that it occurs not in the base year , but the year before , ” he says .
“ Two years before wo n’t count against you . ”
16 . Test yourself .
Parents whose combined gross income is at or near the $ 50,000 level , listen up :
You could get free dough by proving it .
Designed to benefit middle - income households and those with special circumstances , the simplified needs test ignores assets , as well as savings , when determining financial aid eligibility .
To qualify for the test , combined wages reported on the W - 2 must be less than $ 50,000 , and every family member must be eligible to file a 1040A or 1040 EZ form with the IRS .
To get your hands on a copy of the test , consult your accountant or financial aid adviser .
17 . Perk up .
The higher the family income , the lower the financial aid eligibility , but nobody ever said anything about perks .
Instead of a raise or bonus this year , try negotiating more flexible hours , subsidized meals , extra vacation time , gym memberships , loan forgiveness , tuition reimbursement or a better insurance package .
Gifts that do n’t show up as income on your W - 2 could wind up saving you and your boss cash in the end .
18 . Report the support .
One of the few items parents can deduct is child support ; that is , if they remember to do so .
“ People tend to not read the ( FAFSA ) work sheets and omit things like child support that reduces their income , ” says Kantrowitz .
“ That can impact your financial aid . ”
Child - support payments made for any student outside of the household are considered asset deductions and can be subtracted directly from a parent ’s total income .
Likewise , any support received on behalf of the child must also be reported and counted as additional income .
19 .
Use the grandparents .
Mom and dad are fair game for federal scrutiny , but Grandma and Gramps are a different story .
Grandparents who hold 529 plans are not included when assessing a family ’s expected college contribution .
But before you encourage them to contribute to a 529 , make sure you understand that distributions from such an account will be considered a gift to the student and could impact financial aid eligibility .
20 . Be honest .
The fastest way to lose out on an aid package is by being deceitful .
“ The formula is so heavily based on income , it ’s really hard to think about ways to get around that , ” says Thomas .
“ You can really get in trouble if you try to manipulate the formula by hiding things . ”
According to FinAid.org , schools are required to verify 30 percent of FAFSA applications , and many choose to verify all .
Hiding assets or falsifying information can result in financial penalties , loss of aid and , in some cases , jail time .
Now this is interesting .
Microsoft developer Garrett Serack has acknowledged that it is generally easier to roll out a , for instance , complex stack of open source server software on Linux than it is on Windows .
He also offers a solution – he ’s working on a project to bring package management to Windows .
This project will be community - driven , and Serack has the full blessing from Microsoft .
He first identifies the problem : Windows is very different from Linux and other similar systems , and on Linux , it is much easier to roll out a complex set of open source server software than it is on Windows .
Basically , it ’s far easier to build applications from source on Linux than it is on Windows due to the autoconf and similar tools .
“ When that same application needs to be built on Windows , it takes some effort .
Finding the dependencies and getting them to compile ( which is inconsistent from library - to - library on Windows ) and then building the application itself – again , inconsistent – generates a binary that you can run , ” he explains , “ Nearly all of the time , if someone posts those binaries , they bundle up their copies of the shared libraries along with the application .
The trouble is , that there is no common versioning , or really , sharing of shared libraries on Windows .
If your app and my app both use the same library , they could ( and often do ) ship with a different version of it . ”
This is a problem that needs resolving , and Serack is proposing just that .
He has started a project that will not simply implement the UNIX way on top of Windows – instead , it will be designed fully with the Windows way of doing things in mind , which should deliver advantages over just draping a UNIX environment over Windows .
For instance , it will use WinSxS to handle multiple versions of the same binary , “ including multiple copies of the same version of the same library , compiled with different compilers ” .
Both 64bit and 32 bit will be handled side - by - side , without collisions .
MSI will be used , and files will be placed in Windows - specific locations .
There ’s a whole lot more stuff that this new technology , named the Common Opensource Application Publishing Platform ( CoApp for short ) , will support .
Another very positive aspect of this project is that will be entirely community - driven , with the full blessing of Microsoft ; however , Serack does not have to confer with the company about the project .
“ The folks here at Microsoft have recognized the value in this project – and have kindly offered to let me work on it full - time , ” he details , “ I ’m running the project ; Microsoft is supporting my efforts in this 100 % .
The design is entirely the work of myself and the CoApp community , I do n’t have to vet it with anyone inside the company .
This really makes my job a dream job – I get to work on a project that I ’m passionate about , make it open source , and let it take me where it makes sense . ”
A project page has been set up at Launchpad , and a wiki is available as well .
This sounds like a very ambitious and welcome project for Windows open source developers .
A remarkable bit of FOIA lore from Harper ’s , in a post on the Pentagon vs. WikiLeaks ( the latest fight is apparently about what Wikileaks says is decrypted video of an airstrike ) :
Which young Illinois legislator , who would become a rising , polarizing star in American and world politics in the 2000s , was a fervent advocate of the right to access government records ?
In a debate over the Freedom of Information Act , a young Congressman from Illinois spoke in favor of freeing public records :
[ It ] “ will make it considerably more difficult for secrecy - minded bureaucrats to decide arbitrarily that people should be denied access to information on the conduct of government or to how a …. government official is handling his job .
Public records , which are the evidence of official government action , are public property , and there should be a positive obligation to disclose this information upon request . ”
The same Congressman also said in that debate :
“ We have said that ours is a government guided by citizens … From this it follows that government will serve us well only if the citizens are well informed . ”
A final clue :
To the White House , who opposed the bill , the Illinois congressman stated ( PDF ) :
The unanimous action after years of delay [ in passing FOIA ] results from the growing size and complexity of the federal government , from its increased role in our lives , and from the increasing awareness of Americans of the threat involved in government secrecy on vital records effecting their fate .
With the continuing tendency toward managed news and suppression of public information that the people are entitled to have , the issues have at last been brought home forcefully to the public .
The name of the gentleman from Illinois : Donald Rumsfeld .
At the time of the 1966 debate and passage of FOIA , Rumsfeld was in the opposition party ; the Republicans hoped that FOIA , besides ostensibly improving the operations of government with transparency , would uncover information that would embarrass Pres. Lyndon Johnson .
Johnson so opposed FOIA that he refused to have a signing ceremony for the bill and tacked on a signing statement ( PDF ) that undercut the law based on national security concerns .
A decade after FOIA ’s passage , Rumsfeld was President Ford ’s chief of staff .
He , along with Dick Cheney and Antonin Scalia , convinced Ford to veto amendments that were intended to strengthen FOIA .
The veto was overridden in the House , though , by a margin of 371-31 .
About two decades after that , Rumsfeld would become the chatty , document - divulging , and otherwise champion of transparency and Secretary of Defense who the press would come to adore and cherish .
In his resignation letter to President Bush , Rumsfeld wrote that how his only regret was that he did not do even more to keep government free and open .
Oh wait …
Blanche Lincoln is one of the worst corporate Democrats in Washington .
She took millions from corporate interests and then joined Joe Lieberman and Ben Nelson in attempting to kill the public health insurance option last year .
Bill Halter is an economic populist -- actively attacking Wall Street and insurance companies in his announcement this morning .
Big corporations will absolutely attack him back .
Here are two things you can do to help Bill Halter defeat Blanche Lincoln :
1 ) At the Progressive Change Campaign Committee ( PCCC ) , we 're assembling a grassroots army -- prepared to get Halter 's back when he 's attacked .
Click here to be part of this grassroots army .
2 ) The PCCC , Democracy for America , MoveOn.org , and Markos are aiming to raise $ 500,000 for Halter in one week -- to build his momentum .
Can you chip in $ 5 toward Halter 's campaign ?
UPDATE : Within a couple hours , we 're past our fourth benchmark of $ 40,000 -- we 're at $ 43,300 , can you help reach $ 50,000 ?
Bonus --
Rec this diary so others have the opportunity to help Halter .
Below , check out the video that PCCC fellow Max Berger put together about this race .
One great excerpt from Halter :
" Washington is broken .
Bailing out Wall Street with no strings attached while leaving middle - class Arkansas taxpayers with the bill .
Protecting insurance company profits instead of protecting patients and lowering health costs ... Enough 's enough . "
This is the best opportunity we 'll have in 2010 to show corporate Democrats in the Senate that when they oppose change , there will be payback .
Please join the grassroots army to defend Halter and / or donate $ 5 to Halter 's campaign today
Thanks much , folks .
UPDATE 7:30 am : Here 's link to a local AP article .
Several food labeling schemes being considered and studied by the FDA in their effort to come up with new regulations governing front - of - package labels .
NEW YORK —
The aisles of American supermarkets can be bewildering places these days , lined with dozens of variations of cereals , crackers , chips and other foods , many of which boast of their supposed healthfulness — this yogurt is " low fat , " while this cereal is " heart healthy , " and those chips have " 0 grams trans fat . "
What claims are the conscientious eater to trust and what foods should they pick to put on their table ?
This question has become harder and harder for shoppers to answer , as health problems associated with poor diets , such as heart disease and obesity , affect more U.S. residents each year .
Meanwhile , studies show that Americans want more and better guidance on what foods to eat .
" The public is demonstrably confused about what to eat , " said Marion Nestle , a nutritionist at New York University , who recently gave a talk here at the New York Academy of Sciences about diet and food politics .
The rising obesity epidemic in the United States ( more than 30 percent of U.S. adults are now obese ) , combined with the proliferation of various labeling schemes and the worries about the potentially misleading nature of some of these schemes , has prompted the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to conduct a review of so - called front - of - package labeling .
The aim is to come up with a standard set of regulations that would govern what claims manufacturers can make on these food labels .
" We had noticed a real proliferation of these front - of - package symbols , and noticed that there were a lot of different ones , " said Siobhan DeLancey , an FDA spokesperson .
" And there did n't seem to be any rule of thumb or real consistency for consumers to be able to depend on . "
The FDA and nutrition advocates hope the review will remedy this situation and provide consumers with a standard system of labels they can rely on to make choices about what foods they buy .
" The FDA is taking a good , hard look at the entire front - of - package situation , " Nestle said .
Labels , labels everywhere
Claims like " low fat " and " high in fiber " did n't begin to show up much on the fronts of food packages until around 1994 , when the Nutrition Facts panel was required for every food package , under the provisions of the 1990 Nutrition Labeling and Education Act .
" Until then , the FDA said that health claims were drug claims and food companies had to do what drug companies have to : prove safety and effectiveness , " Nestle told LiveScience .
But manufacturers argued that since they were required to put potentially negative nutrition information on their foods ( for example , the number of calories or grams of fat ) , they should also be allowed to point out their product 's positives .
Congress agreed and told the FDA to allow health claims that were backed up by a reasonable amount of science , Nestle said .
After that , front - of - package claims exploded .
" There are health claims on everything , " Nestle said .
DeLancey said criteria must be met for foods to bear claims such as " high in fiber " or " low in salt " — fiber in the food must be above a certain amount and salt below a certain amount .
But when such claims appear on many breakfast cereals and snack foods that may also be high in sugar or calories , the result can be consumer confusion and consumption of foods that are n't actually healthy , Nestle said .
" Most people get their nutrition information from food marketers , and that information is not exactly unbiased , " Nestle said .
Studies seem to at least partly back up this worry .
The FDA 's 2008 Health and Diet Survey — a random phone survey of more than 2,500 adults from all 50 states and the District of Columbia — looked at how Americans use and view front - of - package labels .
It found that more than half read food labels when they first pick up a package — up 10 percent from 2001 .
For claims such as " low fat , " " high fiber , " and " cholesterol - free , " 38 percent of respondents said they often used such claims , while 34 percent said they did sometimes .
The survey found that 41 percent of respondents trust that all or most of the nutrient claims such as " low fat " or " high fiber " are accurate , while 56 percent believe that some or none of them are accurate , pointing to confusion on the part of consumers over what labels they can trust .
An online survey of 1,045 adults by FoodMinds — a food and nutrition company — found U.S. consumers seem to want the government to help clear up the confusion .
Their survey , conducted in January this year , found that 86 percent of respondents were interested in the government implementing objective front - of - package labeling that highlights calories and beneficial nutrients in a food .
And 77 percent were interested in labels that would warn them when a food was high calorie and low in nutrients ; 64 percent said they would eat less of or stop buying a food that had such a warning .
Smart choices
The situation reached something of a head when in September of last year , The New York Times wrote an article about the Smart Choices program — a voluntary labeling program used by several companies in collaboration — and how the label that was supposed to indicate foods that were healthy choices ended up appearing on a box of Fruit Loops , among other less - than - healthy options .
The attention brought to labeling by this and other articles , complaints from consumers and advocates , and the sheer number of labeling schemes being used prompted the FDA to send out warning letters to some manufacturers in October 2009 asking them to review their own labels for accuracy .
The FDA also notified the companies the FDA would begin its own review of such schemes .
( Smart Choices was voluntarily suspended in October pending the FDA review . )
" We did n't ask anybody to take them off the market , but we said , ' Look , you need to do a review of these and ensure that they 're really accurate , ' " DeLancey said .
Review in progress
The FDA is currently in the middle of the review process , which involves both looking at existing and proposed labeling schemes for accuracy , and conducting surveys of consumers to find out what they want from such schemes .
The key , DeLancey told LiveScience , is to find out " what consumers are going to find the most useful and that 's actually going to give them accurate information . "
Various labeling schemes have been used and proposed : Some list just a couple key points of nutrition , such as calories , accompanied by a check mark or other symbol ; some are a truncated version of the Nutrition Facts label that show key points , such as calories , fat , sugar and sodium ; others include on top of that information a " traffic light " symbol ( something that has been used with success in the United Kingdom ) by each nutrient that indicates whether that nutrient is in the acceptable range ( green ) or not ( red ) .
The U.S. Institute of Medicine ( IOM ) is reviewing some of these schemes and any studies that have been done on food labels to see how accurate and informative they are .
The IOM committee acts as an impartial , non-government source that regularly advises on the scientific issues involved in such matters .
The IOM is slated to complete their report later this year .
Working with consumers is also important because the FDA wants to make sure that any schemes they pick or regulations they set will result in a system that consumers will actually use , that they can use for quick reference and will give them accurate information .
" We 're looking at ways to give them the information in a more easily digestible " format , DeLancey said .
DeLancey noted a phenomenon called the " truncation effect " as one consideration in any scheme : Customers might be in a hurry to get dinner on the table or have kids they 're trying to keep an eye on , and " that keeps people from turning around and looking at the Nutrition Facts label . "
So the easier - to - use and more accurate any scheme is , the more likely it is to result in a shopper picking a healthy food option .
DeLancey says that the FDA has talked with industries as well , " and they are actually pretty supportive . "
The final word on food labels
The consumer studies the FDA is conducting are slated to finish at the end of this year or the beginning of next .
The next step will be to use the information from these and the IOM report to come up with a draft set of regulations to govern front - of - package labeling , to be published in the Federal Register , and then open that draft up to a period of public comment .
Once any " substantive " comments ( those that make legitimate suggestions and critiques ) have been addressed , the FDA can adopt the regulation .
Whether the end result will be a specific labeling scheme or a set of regulations over just what can or must be on the front of a package is n't yet decided .
" We have n't decided yet whether there 's going to be one universal symbol , because we may find that there are certain products that need a different kind of symbol , like beverages versus traditional food , " DeLancey said .
" But there will be one set of criteria for using it . "
Ultimately , no matter what kind of labeling system or regulations are set up , the burden of picking a better diet rests with the individual consumer .
" Nobody can regulate what people actually eat , you can only give them the information , the accurate information to make their own choices , " DeLancey said .
If you ask Nestle , she does n't like any food labeling schemes , noting that junk food is junk food , no matter what nutrients might be added to it .
Her tips for a healthier diet are : " Eat less ; move more ; eat fruits and veggies ; do n't eat too much junk food ; enjoy . "
Over 30 Years Of Legal Experience
At Escobar & Associates Law Firm , Ltd. , we have more than 30 years of experience guiding people through many kinds of legal issues , including estate planning , probate proceedings , divorce filings , other family law matters and business law issues .
Our goal is to provide personalized legal counsel for each of our client ’s unique needs .
Protecting Your Assets And Your Loved Ones Through Estate Planning
Our attorney has assisted countless clients in creating and updating estate plans that address each client ’s unique needs and wishes .
If you want to protect your assets , reach out to our firm to discuss the creation of a will , trust , power of attorney or other estate planning document .
We are also here to help clients settle the estates of their loved ones through the probate process .
Our attorney will guide you and your family through the probate process so that you can focus on the well - being of your loved ones .
A Compassionate And Experienced Family Lawyer
Our background in counseling with family members gives us the ability to carefully listen to our client ’s desires and translate them into legal strategies in a variety of legal areas .
Our founding lawyer , Christy Brad Escobar , is known for his extensive legal knowledge in the core areas of family law .
He knows how important it is to protect your rights as you face family law proceedings regarding divorce , child support and custody , guardianship and other significant decisions affecting your family .
Escobar & Associates Law Firm , Ltd. , is also recognized as an established law firm facilitating adoption in Nevada .
A proposed law designed to prevent child abuse in schools has been lauded by children ’s protection advocates , and slammed by House Republicans as an unnecessary expansion of federal government power .
The House of Representatives last week passed the Keeping All Students Safe Act , which for the first time sets minimum national standards for practices such as the use “ seclusion rooms ” or forced restraint of unruly students .
ADVERTISEMENT
The bill would ban the use of “ mechanical restraints ” such as tying children to furniture , and would allow seclusion and physical restraint to be used only when there is “ imminent danger of injury and only when imposed by trained staff . ”
Though the bill was a bipartisan effort in reaction to a government report last year that found “ hundreds of cases of alleged abuse and death ” related to the practices , it was opposed by a vast majority of Republicans , who said the bill amounted to an intrusion on states ’ rights and the ability of local school districts to determine their own policies .
In all , 145 Republicans and eight Democrats voted against the bill last week , which will have to get the Senate ’s and the president ’s approval to become law .
Rep. Steve King ( R - IA ) suggested on the House floor last week that the bill would lead to a federal takeover of the education system .
“ It ’s one thing after another after another after another , and pretty soon its a national curriculum with federal mandates , and imposing cultural impositions at the school level in every accredited district in the country , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I know it ’s not the intent of this bill , ” said Rep. Louie Gohmert ( R - TX ) , “ but the underlying message is you people back in your states and local school boards and local governments are a bunch of morons .
You ca n’t figure out that sitting on a precious little child and killing them is inappropriate . ”
Gohmert ’s reference to “ sitting on a child ” comes from an example that the bill ’s sponsors , Rep. George Miller ( D - CA ) and Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers ( R - WA ) , used to draw attention to the problem of child abuse in schools .
In an op - ed for CNN last December , Miller and Rodgers wrote of a 14 - year - old student in Texas who died after a teacher put him in a mechanical restraint that restricted his breathing .
ADVERTISEMENT
Cedric ’s teacher delayed his lunch for hours to discipline him for refusing to do his work .
When he would n’t comply , his teacher put him in a face down restraint and sat on him in front of his classmates .
Cedric said repeatedly that he could not breathe .
He died minutes later on the classroom floor .
Cedric ’s tragic story is n’t an isolated case in America ’s schools today .
A report from the Government Accountability Office , released last year , found “ hundreds of cases of alleged abuse and death related to the use of these methods on school children during the past two decades . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Examples of these cases include a 7 year old purportedly dying after being held face down for hours by school staff , 5 year olds allegedly being tied to chairs with bungee cords and duct tape by their teacher and suffering broken arms and bloody noses , and a 13 year old reportedly hanging himself in a seclusion room after prolonged confinement .
The GAO report ( PDF ) noted that children with disabilities are especially vulnerable to abuse .
For example , teachers restrained a 4 year old with cerebral palsy in a device that resembled a miniature electric chair because she was reportedly being “ uncooperative . ” ….
Teachers confined [ a 9 year old with learning disabilities ] to a small , dirty room 75 times over the course of 6 months for offenses such as whistling , slouching , and hand waving … .
In another case , a residential day school implemented a behavior plan , without parental consent , that included confining an 11 - year - old autistic child to his room for extended periods of time , restricting his food , and using physical restraints .
The child was diagnosed with post traumatic stress disorder as a result of this treatment .
ADVERTISEMENT
Writing at the Solitary Watch blog , James Ridgeway and Jean Casella report that currently only 23 US states have laws on the books restricting the use of solitary confinement and restraints on students , while another seven states have “ weak ” protections .
The reporters cite a Department of Education report ( PDF ) that concludes “ [ p] olicies , or the lack thereof , vary widely : Vermont , for example , has no formal guidelines governing how schools can restrain students , while Nevada has ‘ stringent ’ requirements about specific conditions under which restraint can be used , as well as a formal process for filing violations . ”
While Republicans stood firmly against the proposed law , children ’s protection advocates applauded the move .
“ This legislation is a major stride forward in establishing federal policies to protect students and guide school personnel in ensuring classrooms are safe places for all , ” said Tony Jace , chief executive officer of the Crisis Prevention Institute .
The following compilation video was posted to YouTube by MediaMatters on March 3 , 2010 .
opinion
To understand the situation that we find ourselves in regarding the internet filter , we need to refer to the great political textbook of our age : Yes Minister / Yes Prime Minister .
That great icon of the public service , Sir Humphrey Appleby GCB , KBE , MVO , MA ( Oxon ) , once described what he called ‘ the Politicians ’ Syllogism ’ .
Step One : We must do something .
Step Two :
This is something .
Step Three :
Therefore we must do this .
Logically , this akin to other equally famous syllogisms , such as :
Step One : All cats have four legs .
Step Two :
My dog has four legs .
Step Three :
Therefore my dog is a cat .
“ The Politicians ’ Syllogism has been responsible for many of the disasters that befell the United Kingdom in the twentieth century , including the Munich Agreement and the Suez Adventure , ” said Appleby ( Yes Prime Minister II , pp. 130-1 ) .
In the realm of internet filtering , we can see the Politician ’s Syllogism quite plainly : Internet is full of naughty .
A filter can stop naughty .
Therefore we must filter the internet .
Now the issue here is that people who know the internet know that a filter is unworkable .
However , this is based on the assumption that knowledgeable internet people are the target audience .
This is of course incorrect .
The audience is made up of a group of people who
Are afraid of the internet and / or are afraid of the porn and other nasties on the internet and / or believe the government should do something about porn and other nasties .
So the filter is a brilliant policy in that regard .
It is low cost to the government , it shows people that the government is doing something , and allows a loud segment of the community ( the “ somebody think of the kiddies ” lobby ) to cheer loudly for the government .
So how do we the internet community change policy ?
To quote Sir Humphrey again : “ ‘ Controversial ’ only means ‘ this will lose you votes ’ .
‘ Courageous ’ means ‘ this will lose you the election ’ . ” ( The Complete Yes Minister , p. 142 ) .
At the moment , the filter is controversial , and the Government probably believes that the votes lost with the internet savvy voters is offset by the gain in the votes from the “ think of the kiddies ” lobby .
The internet net community needs to show otherwise .
This may be very hard , with the media full of “ dangers on the internet ” stories , and a large segment of the electorate ignorant of how the internet works .
So , how do we make the filter look courageous ?
By playing the political game .
1. Write a letter to your local member .
One letter does not scare a sitting member , however 100 or 1000 letters will .
Especially for members in a swinging electorate , where 100 votes may mean the difference of 3 more years in parliament or getting a real job .
2 . If you ’re a member of a political party , raise the issue at your local branch .
A sitting member is only as secure as the support of his / her local branch .
If you can get a sizable percentage of the local branch to support the issue , the member will be hard - pressed to ignore the view .
3. Money .
Money is the lubrication that keeps the political parties moving .
It also allows your views to get public airing in the mainstream media .
An example of a successful media process was the ACTU Workchoices campaign .
However , I need to point out that having a political party sympathetic to the union view helped enormously .
With ISPs and net users being the ones paying for the filter , they need to put up money to get its voice heard over the “ think of the kiddies ” lobby and the government .
4. Profile .
The internet community needs to show it has sizable support .
Twitter rage is all well and good , except that politicians do not , as a rule , see Twitter as a useful tool .
The community needs to use the forums that politicians use , like local and regional newspapers and radio .
Public rallies may work ; however , they have to be set up to get the best profile in the news media .
5 . Support the people who “ get it ” .
Look at the problems Barack Obama had getting healthcare reform through Congress , despite having the majority in both houses .
This does not happen here , as there is a large element of keeping to the party line in regard to policy .
However , there will be tech - savvy people in all political parties and caucuses who realise that the filter is unworkable .
Do n’t insult them or denigrate them , work with them by giving them data and assistance .
These tech - savvy members are a great resource , and have better access to ministers than we the public can ever hope to gain .
Give them the ammo to kill the filter !
6. Organise !
The internet community has one advantage that many interest and lobby groups did not have previously : A rich and flexible tool to communicate , called the internet .
While groups like the EFA and GetUp can take a leadership role , the netizens can organise themselves to act coherently and with a strong focus towards the goal of changing bad policy .
7. Focus on the balance of power .
The government needs crossbench support to pass legislation .
Nick Xenophon and the Greens are the most likely people to be swayed to block the filter ( unfortunately , Stephen Fielding is one of the loudest supporters of the filter ) .
Give them support , either money of assistance , or even a supporting letter .
Show the crossbench they can gain votes in blocking the filter !
Can we change the filter policy ?
I honestly do n’t know .
However , history has shown that as the censor for Australia , the Federal Government is not well equipped to getting censorship right .
So we may fail , but failing is better than not trying at all .
* Macquarie Dictionary defines Syllogism as : syllogism noun 1 . Logic an argument with two premises and a conclusion .
Both the premises of a categorical syllogism , are categorical propositions , containing just three distinct terms between them , e.g. all men are mortal ( major premise ) , Socrates is a man ( minor premise ) , therefore Socrates is mortal ( conclusion ) ; at least one premise in a hypothetical syllogism , is a hypothetical proposition , e.g. if Smith is eligible to vote he is a citizen ( major premise ) , Smith is eligible to vote ( minor premise ) , therefore Smith is a citizen ( conclusion ) ; at least one premise in a disjunctive syllogism , is a disjunctive proposition , e.g. either Smith is out of town or he is ill ( major premise ) , Smith is not ill ( minor premise ) , therefore he is out of town ( conclusion ) .
2. deductive reasoning .
[ Latin syllogismus , from Greek syllogismós ; replacing Middle English silogime , from French ]
Darryl Adams is a government worker and internet tragic .
A former IT worker , he still pines for the days of IBM keyboards that go CRUNCH and the glow of green screens .
He can be found on on Twitter or on Facebook .
The views expressed here do not reflect the views of his employer , the ATO .
Image credit : BBC
Raise your hand if you ’ve recognized too late in the day that you have n’t been doing the stuff that really matters , only to freak out , get overwhelmed , and resolve to work longer and harder — while still doing the same kinds of things that you just beat yourself up for doing .
Do n’t worry ; if I were n’t typing , my hand would be up , too .
This problem arises because there are two especially challenging parts of the day for us creative people :
Getting a great start on the day Letting go at the end of the day
These two challenges are intimately related .
Since we often do n’t know what we should be doing , we get involved in a lot of easy - to - engage - in tasks that often are n’t the things that matter the most .
By the time we get our heads on straight , a lot of time has been squandered , so we end up trying to overcompensate by working longer .
Then , at exactly the point at which it ’s clear that you ’re no longer able to do something without messing it up , you remember all the stuff you should ’ve been doing in the first place .
You know that it wo n’t get done no matter how hard you beat yourself up about it , yet you also ca n’t just let it go .
Yes , my hand would still be up .
It does n’t have to be this way .
Interrupting this pattern is as simple as figuring out what we need to do , doing it , and then checking at the end of the day to make sure we did it .
Remember , something ’s being simple is not the same as its being easy .
Here ’s the deal , though : unless you ’re good at planning your day , it ’s really hard to do it first thing in the morning .
It ’s much easier to check email and get started on the Loop , which only serves to repeat the same pattern that you ’re trying to interrupt .
PRODUCTIVE FLOURISHING
So , instead of trying it that way , try what I ’m calling the 10/15 Split .
I talk about this in Start Finishing because it ’s a big key in accomplishing your goal step - by - step , day - by - day .
The 10/15 Split is basically a quick check - in and check - out process .
You spend 10 minutes at the start of your day checking in and 15 minutes at the end of the day checking out .
The key to getting the 10/15 Split going is actually the evening check - out rather than the morning check - in .
That ’s why it gets a bit more time , but it ’s also because you ’re asking harder questions .
We ’ll start by talking about the check - out .
The 15 - Minute Check - Out
The check - out is the harder of the two , but for good reason : we usually have a better perspective at the end of the day than at the beginning of the day .
You know what you did and did n’t do , and you have a good idea of the next steps you need to take to keep the ball rolling .
So , while your level of overwhelm might be higher , the mental cobwebs that cloud the beginning of the day are n’t there .
The 15 - Minute Check - Out has three questions :
1 . What did you accomplish ?
( Celebrate ! )
Acknowledge what you did do rather than just focusing on what you did n’t do .
Always , always , always celebrate what you accomplished .
Life is but a series of small steps , and if you do n’t celebrate the small wins , it ’s harder to build up the momentum for the bigger ones .
( If you ’re looking for more ways to celebrate the small wins , check out Chapter 9 of Start Finishing . )
2 . Is there anything that you need to do right now to be able to disengage ?
This question answers that nagging feeling that you ’ve forgotten to do something .
Check your inbox and your To - Do list for those things that have to happen today .
Ask yourself what would really happen if you did n’t do whatever you ’re considering — you ’d be surprised how many things can wait until the next day .
3 . When do you need to do the things that you did n’t get done today ?
There might be a lot of things that came up during the day that need to be done sometime soon , but they do n’t have to happen today .
If something needs to happen tomorrow or some specific day in the future , put it in whatever solution you have so that you ’ll see it tomorrow .
That way your mind can let it go and you can get some peace .
If you did n’t finish whatever you were working on today , make a note of where to start for the next time you pick it up .
This is great for those creative projects that you need to maintain momentum on but might not be able to work on every day .
( For more tips on managing shifting schedules , check out “ Why planning too far in advance can be much worse than a waste of time ” in Chapter 8 of Start Finishing . )
The 15 - Minute Check - Out serves two purposes :
it helps remind you that you did push the ball forward , and it makes it really easy to get started the next day .
The 10 - Minute Check -In
If you start the 10/15 Split with the 15 - Minute Check - Out , you ’ve done most of the hard work .
All you have to do next is show up and do what you told yourself you were going to do .
Here are the questions to ask yourself during the 10 - Minute Check - In :
1 . Has anything significant changed between now and the last check - out ?
The key word here is significant .
Some events do change the course of your day .
For instance , your kids might get sick and you ’ll need to change your plans to be able to take care of them .
2 . What did you plan for today ?
This is where you review the plan you made yourself the day before .
Remember , you probably had a better idea of what you need to do today when you did your check - out than you do right now .
3 . What is one thing you are going to start on right now ?
This step is all about setting the intention to focus on this one thing for your next block , rather than shuffling through a few projects and not making any real progress on any of them .
Better to complete or make some real progress on one thing than shuffle through three .
You might be tempted to answer the first question by checking email and voicemail , but before you do , ask yourself what ’s in there that should change your day .
Did you start scheduling something ?
Are you waiting for something that ’s related to a project you ’re working on this morning ?
Plan on how you ’re going to process email and voicemail – at this stage , it ’s best to look for a few key messages that are relevant to what you need to do right now rather than just jumping on to check email .
( For more on effective ways to start your day , check out “ Rethinking ‘ first things first ’ ” in Chapter 8 of Start Finishing . )
Give the 10/15 Split a Trial Run
You might be wondering why it ’s a 10/15 Split and not a 10/10 or 15/15 split .
It ’s a 10/15 Split because I ’ve learned through trial and error with myself , clients , and friends that it ’s a good balance between not giving yourself enough time and requiring too much time .
It ’s hard to get the right level of perspective and thoroughness in less than 10 /15 minutes , and much longer than that makes it just another thing to resist .
If you raised your hand at the beginning of this post and have n’t found a reliable way to build daily momentum in a peaceful way , give the 10/15 Split a trial run for five days .
If it does n’t work for you , then , worst - case scenario , you ’ve “ wasted ” a little under two hours , but these are the types of questions that peak performers ask themselves routinely throughout the day anyway .
I hope you ’ll make time to build daily momentum using the 10/15 Split .
( Tweet this . )
If you ’re looking for even more ways to weave your project into your schedule , check out my book Start Finishing .
PRODUCTIVE FLOURISHING
A teenager who at age 14 was the youngest person ever charged as an adult in San Mateo County told fellow gang members from jail to scare witnesses who were supposed to testify in his murder case , which ended in a mistrial , prosecutors said Friday .
Five alleged Sureño gang members have been charged with conspiring with Josue Raul Orozco , now 19 , to intimidate witnesses into changing their testimony or not testifying at all , authorities said .
The suspects and a 17 - year - old girl were arrested Wednesday .
They appeared in court Friday but did not enter pleas .
Orozco is accused of killing 21 - year - old Francisco Rodriguez outside the victim 's Redwood City home on July 12 , 2005 .
Prosecutors say Orozco and Rodriguez were in rival gangs .
Orozco , an alleged Sureño gang member , denies he was the shooter .
The jury in his murder case deadlocked in December after a 24 - day trial and six days of deliberations .
Prosecutors intend to retry him .
Prosecutors began uncovering evidence in December that Orozco and other suspected Sureño members had contacted and dissuaded witnesses in his trial , said Assistant District Attorney Karen Guidotti .
" Orozco orchestrated this conspiracy from the San Mateo County Jail , where he called numerous Sureño members on the streets and directed them to either prevent witnesses from attending the trial or scare the witnesses into altering their testimony , " Guidotti said .
Orozco escaped from the San Mateo County juvenile lockup in 2008 but was arrested seven months later in Texas .
On Wednesday , law - enforcement officials from numerous agencies raided locations in Redwood City , East Palo Alto and Oakland to arrest the suspects in the conspiracy case , Guidotti said .
Besides Orozco , who has remained in jail since the mistrial , the adults who were arrested were Bianca Aguillon , 19 , and Arturo Becerra , 19 , both of East Palo Alto ; Cesar Ponce , 20 , of Redwood City ; and Edgar Cibrian , 20 , whose hometown is unknown .
The four suspects were charged with witness intimidation , felonies committed for the benefit of a criminal street gang and conspiracy to intimidate witnesses .
Another alleged Sureño member , Alexandro Stephen Villar , 19 , of Redwood City , has been charged but is still being sought .
Charges against a sixth defendant , Eduardo Lopez , 19 , were dropped for lack of evidence .
In the labor market ’s pecking order , Chen Xiulan is at the very bottom .
She is female , middle - aged and from the countryside and stands barely 5 feet tall .
( Height requirements are common with Chinese employers . )
Yet when the nearly 60 - year - old grandmother from Sichuan province showed up in Shanghai last fall looking for work on the construction site of the sprawling World Expo , nobody laughed .
Chen was handed a hard hat and a broom and put to work with the crew that sweeps up debris .
“ If you ’re willing to work , you can get a job here even if you ’re old , ” said Chen , her dimpled face disappearing under the oversize hard hat at a Kentucky Fried Chicken construction site next to the U.S. pavilion .
She said she earned the equivalent of $ 190 a month , 35 % above the minimum wage in Shanghai .
FOR THE RECORD :
China ’s labor market :
An article in Sunday ’s Section A about labor issues in China referred to the China Labor Watch .
The organization ’s name is the China Labor Bulletin . —
It is a sign that even a country of 1.3 billion people might run out of workers .
Once thought to be an endless resource , the Chinese worker has suddenly become hard to find in some east coast cities , where factory bosses and real estate developers are scrambling for labor .
The shortage became glaringly apparent last month at the end of the Chinese New Year .
Millions of workers headed to the countryside for the holidays , but they did n’t return .
“ We may be coming to a point where China is tapped out of cheap labor , ” said Patrick Chovanec , an associate professor at Tsinghua University ’s School of Economics and Management in Beijing .
Shanghai has a particular problem :
It is in the throes of a $ 45 - billion makeover and up against a May 1 deadline for the opening of the World Expo .
Clocks counting down the days to the fair are on display throughout Shanghai , underscoring the urgency .
With heavy rains turning the fairgrounds next to the Huangpu River into a sea of mud , many of the showcase pavilions appear to be behind schedule .
Nearly 40,000 workers are involved in the construction phase , most of them migrants to Shanghai .
Zhu Yonglei , deputy director of the Shanghai Expo Coordination Bureau , said the local government had paid bonuses to construction workers who came back early from their 2 1/2 - week New Year ’s holiday or who skipped it entirely .
“ As far as I know , this is not just a problem for Shanghai , ” Zhu said .
“ The entire coastal area of China is suffering from a lack of laborers . ”
The biggest complaints come from employers in the southern province of Guangdong , the manufacturing hub of China , where millions of workers were laid off in late 2008 because of a steep decline in exports caused by the global financial crisis .
Now , employers are raising wages , storming job fairs and staking out train stations hoping to snare migrant workers .
The China Daily , the state - run English - language newspaper , said the city of Dongguan , where most of the world ’s toys are manufactured , was a million workers short of its usual population of 5 million migrants .
State news media have reported that cities were offering better health benefits and housing subsidies to attract more .
To a large extent , China is a victim of its own success .
Its gross domestic product grew by a surprising 8.7 % in 2009 , and exports rose 21 % in January from a year earlier .
In response to the global financial crisis , China launched a massive stimulus plan that put millions of people to work building roads , airports , rail projects and power plants , many of them deep in the country ’s interior .
Economists say migrants can now choose to stay closer to home by working in western provinces such as Sichuan , which has experienced tremendous growth in recent years .
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao addressed the issue Feb. 27 during an online chat with the public , saying the labor shortage was a result of China ’s booming economy and “ the growing awareness among the workers of their own rights and interests . ”
Labor rights advocates say the problem is that employers are not offering the wages , benefits or job security that would build workforce loyalty .
“ The employers bleating and wailing about the fact that they ca n’t hire workers are the same people who fired millions of them a year ago , ” said Geoffrey Crothall , author of a recent report titled “ China ’s Labour Famine : Hype and Reality ” for Hong Kong - based China Labor Watch .
Moreover , the jobs available are for unskilled or semi-skilled workers , not the growing army of unemployed college graduates .
A record 6.3 million graduates are expected to hit the job market this year , all products of a decade - long central government push to expand higher education .
But newly minted diploma holders are three times more likely to be unemployed than the average urban resident .
Meanwhile , minimum wages -- which are set locally and vary by province and municipality -- began rising in February .
Crothall said he expected them to grow 10 % this year .
Economists theorize that China may be reaching what they call a “ Lewisian turning point , ” named for the late Nobel Prize - winning economist Arthur Lewis , who observed that most developing countries eventually exhaust their labor pool from the countryside and must make the transition to a more developed economy .
China is also facing a demographic crisis .
Because of the nation ’s one - child policy , the number of working - age adults is shrinking rapidly .
By 2050 , a third of China ’s population will be 60 or older , compared with 26 % then in the United States .
At the Shanghai train station early this month , when migrant workers on holiday should have been returning from the countryside , it appeared that just as many were heading in the other direction .
“ Why should I stay here when I can do the same work back home ? ” said Xin Peiyi , a 56 - year - old construction worker waiting for a train to Hebei province after only 11 days in Shanghai .
He said he was earning $ 300 a month in Shanghai working with a road crew , but he could make $ 15 a day at home and enjoy a more comfortable life .
“ I ca n’t stand all the rain here .
It makes my back hurt , ” Xin said .
barbara.demick @latimes.com
david.pierson@latimes.com
Barbara Tuchman , in her classic book “ March of Folly , ” examined four cases in history when governments acted contrary to their own best interests : the Trojans who let the Greeks bring the fatal horse into their midst ; the papacy , which allowed and even brought about the Protestant secession ; the British who lost America , and America , which lost the war in Vietnam .
When I heard that during Vice President Joseph Biden ’s visit to Israel the government had approved the construction of 1,600 new homes in East Jerusalem , I was reminded of Tuchman ’s book .
Beside the blunder of rubbing it in the face of your best friend and ally , there lies a much more substantial error :
By expanding settlements instead of separating from the Palestinians while we still can , we Israelis are dooming ourselves to lose the Jewish and democratic state that has been won with so much sacrifice .
In other words , we are immersed in our own march of folly .
And we are doing it with our eyes open .
Ehud Barak , Israel ’s defense minister , should know .
More than 20 years ago , when he was a general in uniform and I was the head of the Israeli Defense Forces ’ publishing house , he urged me to translate military history books .
“ We need to learn from history , ” he told me .
A long series of damaging revelations about John Ensign have left other senators wary of working too closely with him .
Ensign isolated by scandal
Embattled Republican John Ensign is showing no signs of giving up his Senate seat , but the persistent drip of information about his sex scandal has some colleagues and top Republican aides asking quietly whether he can serve effectively .
The Nevada Republican admitted in June that he ’d had an affair with an aide .
But rather than putting the problem behind him , the admission was just the first in a long series of damaging revelations that have left other senators wary of working too closely with him — a significant problem in a clubby body in which success depends on building relationships with other members .
Advertisement
“ Like Vitter , Ensign does n’t get invited to a lot of press conferences because no one wants their boss in a photo op with them , ” said one top GOP aide , referring to Louisiana Republican Sen .
David Vitter , who was identified in 2007 as a client of an alleged prostitution ring .
“ He ’s been so isolated for so long that I almost forget he ’s still here , ” said another senior Senate Republican aide .
Several Republican senators declined to speak on the record about Ensign ’s standing in the Senate .
But privately , they said that until federal investigators finish their work on the Ensign case , it will be hard for them to team up with him on legislation .
And that could make it difficult for him to resuscitate his political standing in time for a reelection run in 2012 .
National Republican Senatorial Committee Chairman John Cornyn ( R - Texas ) stopped well short of an endorsement when asked about Ensign last week .
He said he did n’t “ think ” Ensign is an outcast among senators .
Can Ensign still serve effectively ?
“ Ultimately , ” Cornyn said , it ’s “ Ensign who ’s going to have to make that judgment . ”
When a reporter put that question to Ensign last week , the senator smiled , said nothing and kept walking .
Ensign ’s aides insist he ’s still heavily involved in pushing legislation — releasing a list of measures he has offered in the months since the scandal first broke , including ones that have received strong support from Republicans .
Among other things , Ensign ’s aides said that during the health care debate , the senator offered the only medical liability amendment , raised a constitutional point of order that received unanimous GOP support against the individual mandate and won approval in the Senate Finance Committee of amendments dealing with Medicare savings and healthy lifestyles .
But even though Ensign has long been a leader in the push for medical liability reform , Republicans aides said the scandal surrounding him made it impossible for the party to use him aggressively as a spokesman on TV or in speeches or other venues .
Ensign has said that he followed all ethics laws and expects to be vindicated when separate investigations by the Senate Ethics Committee and the Justice Department conclude .
Those probes appear to be focused on steps Ensign may have taken to keep the affair quiet — including arranging for his parents to pay $ 96,000 to the family of the aide , Cynthia Hampton , and helping to find new work for her husband , Doug Hampton , who was also an Ensign aide at the time of the affair .
Last week ,
The New York Times published e-mails from Ensign that suggested he may have misused his congressional office and violated federal ethics laws by helping Doug Hampton land lobbying work and that Ensign ’s parents may have given the Hamptons the $ 96,000 as a gift to avoid Ensign ’s having to report the money as a severance payment .
Some Republicans believe Ensign is simply holding on to his seat until his term expires in 2012 .
But sources in Nevada said that Ensign has told fundraisers and supporters that he ’s positioning himself for a 2012 run , and some allies said he seems to have been buoyed by the ability of scandal - tinged Nevada Gov. Jim Gibbons to mount a competitive bid for the GOP nomination in this year ’s governor ’s race .
Former Nevada Gov. Robert List , a Republican , said the “ widely held perception ” is that Ensign will try to run in 2012 and that Ensign has “ been acting like a candidate , ” most recently during last month ’s Lincoln Day dinner circuit , which is dominated by conservative activists .
He ’s also been pushing measures that resonate with the right wing of the party , including targeting Obama administration czars .
List said that Ensign ’s effectiveness will be judged in part on whether he can maintain a level of influence in the Senate and respect from his colleagues .
Ensign has a nonaggression pact with his home - state colleague , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) , and Reid declined to comment when asked about the Republican ’s effectiveness amid scandal .
“ That is an issue that is now handled by the Ethics Committee and whatever is going on with the Justice Department , ” Reid told POLITICO .
“ It ’s something — I need to let them do it , and I do n’t need to offer my opinion . ”
Spokesmen for the two leading candidates for the GOP nomination to run against Reid this year refused to say whether they believed Ensign could serve their state effectively .
Robert Uithoven , campaign manager for former state party Chairwoman Sue Lowden , would n’t directly address questions about Lowden ’s views on Ensign .
Uithoven said that Nevada voters are “ more concerned about their employment than Sen. Ensign ’s employment ” and that they would n’t “ predetermine the outcome of this investigation . ”
Aides to Las Vegas businessman Danny Tarkanian said the candidate was sticking by a statement he made in January after Rep. Dean Heller ( R - Nev. ) — a possible candidate for Ensign ’s seat in 2012 — said Ensign was “ certainly ” having a problem performing his job and has “ put a cloud ” on the state ’s delegation .
In the statement , Tarkanian said he did not “ realistically ” expect to campaign with Ensign and that the “ people of Nevada need to know that Sen. Ensign can represent them effectively . ”
Chuck Muth , a former Nevada Republican
Party executive director , said that if the GOP candidates do n’t put more distance between Ensign and themselves , Democrats will “ wrap the John Ensign scandal around the Republican nominee ’s neck . ”
“ He ’s hurting the state of Nevada , and it ’s dragging down Republicans up and down the ticket , ” Muth said .
Jon Ralston , a political analyst in Las Vegas , said Democrats “ love having [ Ensign ] there , ” since it bolsters the Reid campaign ’s argument about the potential negative effects for Nevadans if they no longer had a majority leader in the Senate .
And Democrats are pulling no punches .
Rep. Shelley Berkley ( D - Nev. ) , who ’s mulling over a run for Ensign ’s seat in 2012 , said Ensign “ does n’t have a place at the table . ”
“ There are only five members of this Nevada delegation — we have two senators and three congresspeople — and we really need to have all hands on deck in order to represent our state , ” Berkley said .
“ We essentially have one senator , and he ’s doing all the heavy lifting . ”
Fact Sheet
Questions and Answers on Potentially Large Methane Releases From Arctic , and Climate Change
Sub - sea permafrost is losing its ability to be an impermeable cap
March 4 , 2010
This material is available primarily for archival purposes .
Telephone numbers or other contact information may be out of date ; please see current contact information at media contacts .
For more information , see the press release : Methane Releases From Arctic Shelf May Be Much Larger and Faster Than Anticipated .
BACKGROUND
What is methane ?
Methane is a naturally - occurring compound that is created when organic material , such as the remains of plants and animals , rot or otherwise break down .
Bacteria and other microbes play a large role in processes that produce methane .
These methane - producing processes may , for example , occur in landfills as their contents age .
And some animals release methane as their bodies digest their food .
Vast stores of methane are trapped in the permafrost of the Arctic - - large swaths of land where the ground stays frozen .
Because of climate change , some Arctic permafrost is showing signs of thawing .
This thawed Arctic permafrost may release methane into the atmosphere .
Why does methane cause so much concern ?
Like carbon dioxide , methane is a greenhouse gas .
The presence of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere inhibits the Earth 's heat from being released into space .
Therefore , increased levels of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere may cause the Earth 's temperature to increase over time .
Methane may be " stored " underground or under the seafloor as methane gas or methane hydrate ; methane hydrate is a crystalline solid combining methane and water , which is stable at low temperatures and high pressure -- conditions commonly found in marine sediments .
When methane stores are released relatively quickly into the atmosphere , levels of atmospheric methane may rapidly spike .
As a greenhouse gas , methane is 30 times more potent ( gram for gram ) than carbon dioxide .
This means that adding relatively modest amounts of methane to the atmosphere may yield relatively large impacts on climate .
THE NEW Science STUDY
Who conducted the study ?
The study was conducted by an international team of researchers led by Natalia Shakhova and Igor Semiletov -- both from the University of Alaska Fairbanks .
The study was partially funded by the National Science Foundation .
Where is the Shakhova and Semiletov study published ?
The study appears in the March 5 , 2010 issue of Science .
How much methane does it take to increase warming ?
There 's no clear answer to that question .
However , the Earth 's geologic record indicates that atmospheric concentrations of methane have varied from about 0.3 to 0.4 parts per million during cold periods to about 0.6 to 0.7 parts per million during warm periods .
The Shakhova and Semiletov study indicates that methane levels in the Arctic now average about 1.85 parts per million , the highest level in 400,000 years .
How much methane is currently being released from the East Siberian Arctic Shelf ?
The Shakhova and Semiletov study suggests that 7 teragrams of methane are currently being released annually from the East Siberian Arctic Shelf .
That 's about equal to the amount of methane that is annually released from the rest of the world 's oceans combined , and much more than was previously believed to be released from that part of the Arctic .
What 's more , the study raises the possibility that methane releases from the East Siberian Arctic
Shelf could rise dramatically as its permafrost cover is thawed by warming temperatures .
What are the mechanisms that release methane in the East Siberian Arctic ?
Methane may be released in two ways :
Organic material is contained in soil that is frozen into permafrost .
This permafrost thaws as the Earth warms .
When the organic matter in this thawing permafrost begins to decompose under anaerobic conditions , it gradually releases methane .
A subsea layer of permafrost covers a layer of seabed methane -- stored as methane gas or methane hydrates .
The subsea permafrost layer has long served as a barrier to the methane , sealing it in the seabed .
But warming waters have begun to melt this subsea permafrost .
The result : destabilization and perforations in the permafrost that create pathways for releases of underlying methane .
Such releases may be larger and more abrupt than those that result from decomposition .
Why was n't this phenomenon predicted before ?
Why is it a surprise ?
The East Siberian Arctic shelf is a relatively new frontier in methane studies .
Earlier studies in Siberia focused on methane seeping from thawing terrestrial permafrost .
Nevertheless , the existence of methane releases from the East Siberian Arctic
Shelf itself is n't a surprise ; in fact , the Shakhova and Semiletov study was conducted precisely because this phenomenon was , in some ways , predicted .
What is a surprise about the study results is the magnitude of methane releases and the fact that they already happening on such a scale .
Does methane released in the Arctic only warm the Arctic ?
No .
Once subsurface methane is released and enters the atmosphere , it may circulate all over the Earth .
Also , because the Arctic has a special influence on global climate , increasing Arctic temperatures contribute to global climate change and global rises in sea level .
- NSF -
Media Contacts
Dana Cruikshank , National Science Foundation , ( 703 ) 292-7738 , email : dcruiksh@nsf.gov
Marmian Grimes , University of Alaska , ( 907 ) 474-7902 , email : marmian.grimes@alaska.edu
Program Contacts
Henrietta Edmonds , National Science Foundation , ( 703 ) 292-8029 , email : hedmonds@nsf.gov
The U.S. National Science Foundation propels the nation forward by advancing fundamental research in all fields of science and engineering .
NSF supports research and people by providing facilities , instruments and funding to support their ingenuity and sustain the U.S. as a global leader in research and innovation .
With a fiscal year 2020 budget of $ 8.3 billion , NSF funds reach all 50 states through grants to nearly 2,000 colleges , universities and institutions .
Each year , NSF receives more than 40,000 competitive proposals and makes about 11,000 new awards .
Those awards include support for cooperative research with industry , Arctic and Antarctic research and operations , and U.S. participation in international scientific efforts .
Get News Updates by Email
Connect with us online
NSF website : nsf.gov
NSF News : nsf.gov/news
For News Media : nsf.gov/news/newsroom
Statistics : nsf.gov/statistics /
Awards database : nsf.gov/awardsearch /
Follow us on social
Twitter : twitter.com/NSF and twitter.com/NSFspox
Facebook : facebook.com/US.NSF
Instagram : instagram.com/nsfgov
Remember when everyone was snickering at California for issuing IOUs instead of tax refunds ?
Quit laughing .
More financially - strapped states are holding onto their residents ' tax refunds longer .
North Carolina 's Revenue Secretary Kenneth Lay has announced that his office is delaying refund checks due both individuals and businesses .
Holding onto the money is a cash - flow necessity , Lay said , because the state is facing a shortfall due to " anemic " collections , a common problem across the United States .
Even paradise is having refund money issues .
The Hawaii Department of Taxation , which already has up to 90 days before it has to send out checks to taxpayers , says come July 1 it will release refunds on a " first - in - first - out basis . "
Delaying refunds will give the Aloha State a one - time savings of $ 275 million .
In New York , one of Gov. David Paterson 's budget proposals could put taxpayers ' refunds on hold to help deal with the Empire State 's budget deficit .
The proposal , which could delay some refund for weeks or even months , is projected to provide short - term savings of $ 500 million .
What 's a taxpayer to do aside from freak out ?
Right now , not much .
But if you are one of the taxpayers who will be waiting a while for your state refund , or even if your state was able to pay your your tax cash in a timely manner , you might want to reconsider even being put in this situation .
Adjust your withholding now ( at the federal level , too ) so that you 'll get your tax money throughout this year .
In fact , see if you can fix it so that you 'll owe your state tax collector a few dollars instead of the other way around .
That way it will be the tax department waiting on you in 2011 .
Related posts :
Want to tell your friends about this blog post ?
Click the Tweet This or Digg
This buttons below or use the Share This icon to spread the word via e-mail , Facebook and other popular applications .
Thanks !
Picture an immense concert hall filled with 64,000 computers – not machines but people who compute figures .
This entire hall functions as a map : “ The ceiling represents the north polar regions .
England is in the gallery , the tropics in the upper circle , Australia in the dress circle and the Antarctic in the pit . ”
As weather data pours in from around the world , coloured stage lights cue the human computers to work in unison .
Towering above them in a pulpit is “ a conductor of an orchestra in which the instruments are slide rules and calculating machines .
But instead of waving a baton he turns a beam of rosy light upon any region that is running ahead of the rest and a beam of blue light upon those who are behindhand . ”
Lewis Fry Richardson ’sfanciful proposalfora “ slide - rule orchestra ” was the culminatingvision of one of the most ambitious attempts ever made at weatherforecasting .
FOR a man who liked to be alone , Lewis Fry Richardson had come up with an idea guaranteed to make him feel uncomfortable .
In 1913 , he was superintendent of the Eskdalemuir Observatory , a remote weather station in Scotland .
It was the perfect job for someone who counted solitude among his hobbies .
Three years earlier , however , an event had taken place that had him yearning for a vast crowd of people – so long as everyone in it was handy with a slide rule .
On 20 May 1910 , under the direction of the Norwegian meteorologist Vilhelm Bjerknes , weather stations across Europe simultaneously collected measurements from weather balloons at six different altitudes over a 6 - hour stretch .
The idea of all that data would make …
Get At Us Subscribe to AYP Email & Get 10 % OFF !
ANGRY , YOUNG AND POOR began as an independent brick & mortar punk store on North Prince Street in Lancaster PA in 1995 by friends that knew each other since pre-kindergarten and have been into punk rock since the early 80s when their older brothers , neighborhood punks , college radio DJs and local punk shop owners turned them onto what good music sounded like .
We continue to be a hometown brick & mortar store & an accessible online shop for people who really listen to the bands on their T - Shirts .
© 2019 Angry , Young and Poor . Sitemap
New to Seattle and unsure which Christian congregation to join ?
Check out ChurchRater.com , a website that provides reviews and rankings of local churches .
Church Rater is the creation of former evangelical pastor Jim Henderson and atheist Matt Casper , who co-wrote the book Jim and Casper Go To Church , described as a witty and irreverent journey through America ’s most prosperous and popular churches .
For Church Rater , Henderson and Casper hire non-Christians between the ages of 20 - 35 to visit and complete extensive surveys of churches , at $ 50 a pop .
Pastors can also pay to have a “ mystery worshipper ” attend a service to gain feedback from an outsider .
- Noel Brinkerhoff
Many people see the decline of embarrassment as a good thing .
" Why should n't I be able to do X ? " People often say this after having done something outrageous or transgressive .
But this misunderstands the distinction between embarrassment - a mild but necessary correction of inappropriate behavior - and shame , which is a stronger emotional response usually involving feelings of guilt about more serious breaches of conduct .
Not long ago , I watched half a dozen people get their teeth whitened in the middle of a shopping mall .
I was riveted by the spectacle of these men and women in repose on their clinical white lounge chairs .
Their faces were in a sort of dental rictus , with oversized trays of peroxide solution crammed in their mouths and little blue paper bibs draped around their necks to catch their drool .
Official - looking " technicians " ( that is , untrained minimum - wage workers who simply handed the customers their bleaching trays ) bustled around in white coats , readjusting the LED lights that were pointed at patrons ' teeth .
It was like happening upon a car wreck ; I could n't look away .
I wondered who would be confident or crazy enough to get a cosmetic dental procedure performed in public .
It turns out that kiosk - style teeth whitening franchises are a nationwide business .
With names like " iBrite Express , " " Bright Smiles Express , " and " WOW Smile XPress , " these peddlers of perfect smiles promise whiter teeth in a mere fifteen minutes - with results that they claim will last for years .
It is not only public grooming that you 'll see more of these days ; public displays of affection have become more frequent ( and more amorous ) as well .
As one young Manhattan resident recently complained in the New York Times , " Everywhere I go , people are fondling each other as if the entire city were a cheap motel room . "
At work , over - sharing is becoming as vexing an office problem as gossip .
Wall Street Journal reporter Elizabeth Bernstein wrote recently of the challenge of erasing from her mind the image of a colleague who , in pursuit of his bicycling hobby , described " shaving his entire body to reduce aerodynamic drag . "
We have even devised an acronym - TMI , or " Too Much Information " - to capture the uncomfortable experience of listening to people natter on about their personal problems .
What ever happened to embarrassment ?
Why are an increasing number of us comfortable bringing our private activities - from personal hygiene to intimate conversation - into public view ?
Bernstein and others place some of the blame on the desensitization wrought by reality television and social networking sites like Facebook , both of which traffic in personal revelation .
To be sure , television and Internet video sites such as YouTube have made all of us more comfortable in the role of everyday voyeurs .
We watch others cook , work , shop , argue , sing , dance , stumble , and fall - all from a safe remove .
The motley denizens of reality television regularly put themselves into questionable and embarrassing situations so that they can later discuss , for our viewing enjoyment , how questionable and embarrassing their conduct was .
If we are less easily embarrassed , it must be in part from vicariously experiencing so much manufactured embarrassment on the screen .
Many people see the decline of embarrassment as a good thing .
" Why should n't I be able to do X ? " people often say after having done something outrageous or transgressive .
But this misunderstands the distinction between embarrassment - a mild but necessary correction of inappropriate behavior - and shame , which is a stronger emotional response usually involving feelings of guilt about more serious breaches of conduct .
Today , what used to cause embarrassment now elicits little more than a collective shrug .
In our eagerness to broadcast our authentic experiences and have our individuality endorsed , we reject embarrassment as if it were some fusty trapping of a bygone age .
But we have n't eliminated embarrassment ; we have only upped the ante .
" Your slip is showing " used to be the most embarrassing sartorial faux pas a lady could commit .
Now we regularly witness " nip slip " from female celebrities whose shirts mysteriously migrate south during public appearances - or during Super Bowl halftime shows .
As the boundary between public and private has dissolved , so too has our ability to distinguish between embarrassing and appropriate public behavior .
The result is a society often bewildered by attempts to impose any standards at all .
Unlike many other emotions , embarrassment must be learned .
Infants know nothing of this emotion , and parents often use the threat of embarrassment to teach young children correct and incorrect behavior : " If you say that in public , you 'll embarrass yourself , " we say to the toddler with a penchant for scatological chitchat .
Embarrassment is also a social emotion ; its occurrence requires the real or imagined presence of others .
Belch at a dinner party and you will likely feel embarrassed ; do it while home alone and you 're unlikely to feel abashed .
Because it is a learned behavior grounded in social relations , embarrassment is a kind of barometer for a society 's notions of civility .
In fact , as the science of embarrassment suggests , it is part of what makes civility possible .
In Behavior in Public Spaces , published in 1963 , sociologist Erving Goffman described our public actions , from greeting friends on the street to answering questions posed by strangers , as signals of the strength of our commitment to our social communities .
" What the individual thinks of as the niceties of social conduct , " Goffman argued , " are in fact rules for guiding him in his attachment to and detachment from social gatherings . "
These are what mark us as belonging , or not .
" More than to any family or club , more than to any class or sex , more than to any nation , the individual belongs to gatherings , and he had best show that he is a member in good standing , " Goffman wrote .
When we ignore these social niceties we risk not only embarrassing ourselves , but also sowing doubt in others about our social standing .
No one enjoys being embarrassed .
But it brings us all together as a community by reinforcing norms and policing the boundaries of propriety .
Writing recently in Greater Good magazine , University of California - Berkeley psychologist Dacher Keltner argued that the subtle signals of embarrassment - averting one 's eyes or pressing one 's lips together - are " a sign of respect for others , our appreciation of their view of things , and our commitment to the moral and social order . "
Far from dividing people , embarrassment " can be a peacemaking force that brings people together - both during conflict and after breeches of the social contract , when there 's otherwise great potential for violence and disorder . "
By expressing embarrassment we put others at ease by reinforcing our commitment to group norms .
Keltner encourages us to see embarrassment as " a window into the ethical brain . "
But in our nonjudgmental , individualistic culture , it is often uncomfortable and occasionally dangerous to attempt to enforce social norms .
Even when people are objectively behaving badly - like the people who flout cell phone bans in trains or doctors ' offices and impose their conversations on everyone else around them - it is often difficult to muster the courage to tell them to be quiet .
In his book Embarrassment , psychologist Rowland S. Miller argues that , far from being inappropriate , embarrassment " is often a desirable , correct response to social predicaments . "
Our fleeting sense of embarrassment when reminding someone else to follow the rules is normal , and as Miller reminds us , people who are unwilling to express embarrassment mark themselves as socially suspect .
" A capacity for embarrassment is a marker of normal humanity , " writes Miller .
Or at least it should be .
At the very least , embarrassment serves as a reminder that no matter our circumstances , we are more alike than not .
Pier Forni , who founded The Civility Initiative at Johns Hopkins University thirteen years ago , recently told Obit magazine , " We are more and more concerned with our own pursuit of personal goals .
As we engage in a mad rush for the attainment of our personal goals , we do n't seem to have the time or see the point of slowing down for the purpose of being kind to others . "
Nor have we yet found the right balance between connecting with others and TMI .
So the next time you feel like sharing the details of your upcoming bunion surgery with your coworkers , resist .
You will not only avoid potential personal embarrassment , but you might just make one small step toward improving civility for us all .
TEXAS LEGISLATURE VOTES TO REWRITE BIBLE
" The good Lord has smiled on us , " said Carlton Bolton , the president and CEO of Hallelujah Press , a subsidiary of Halliburton , which received an exclusive no -bid contract to manufacture the new Bibles .
Satire by R J Shulman
AUSTIN , Texas - ( PTSD News ) -
Fresh from their recent success in passing laws to rewrite school history textbooks to drop discussions of FDR and unions in favor of what they called conservative intellectuals such as George W. Bush , Sarah Palin and Joe the Plumber , the Texas Legislature passed a law that all Bibles in the state must be updated .
" The Bible was obviously written by Jewish liberals from New York , " said Candace Sue Burnham ( R - Plano ) .
" So it 's time we Christians take our Bible back to stress true family values such as hating gays , illegal Mexicans , Muslims and especially hating illegal gay Mexican Muslims . "
" The current version of the Bible is riddled with communist propaganda about Jesus helping the poor , " said Wayne Plugg ( R - San Angelo ) .
" That 's obviously hogwash because if Jesus loved those poor people so much , he would have made them rich . "
" Everyone knows that the gay agenda was to make sure the Bible left out all the gospels that our merciful Lord 's greatest pleasure was to smite homosexuals , " said Reverend Chuck Amer of the First Church of the Exploding Pentecost of Palestine , Texas .
" So we 're putting all that stuff back in . "
The newly approved Bible , ' Bible : King James Dobson Version , ' named after the founder of the popular Focus on the Family broadcasts , also adds the following passages :
Anyone voting for Democrats must be stoned to death , global warming is Satan 's favorite lie , greediness is next to godliness , people who do n't speak English should be banished from the kingdom , and that slavery is not so bad if it can keep those people off the streets .
The hollowed out Bible also comes with a handgun inside .
" The good Lord has smiled on us , " said Carlton Bolton , the president and CEO of Hallelujah Press , a subsidiary of Halliburton , which received an exclusive no -bid contract to manufacture the new Bibles .
Bolton , a major contributor to the Bush / Cheney campaign and the Republican Party , stated , " this is proof that God helps those that help themselves . "
14 Mar 2010 Visit R J Shulman on MySpace
( A couple of add - ons were made in this one by Lori Price . )
*****
To receive breaking news alerts from www.legitgov.org, click here .
Email this page to a friend .
Permanent URL for this page : http://www.legitgov.org/shulman_tx_legislature_rewrites_bible_140310.html
CLG Index
Your daily dose of news and tidbits from the world of money in politics :
OBAMA BEER SUMMIT , PART II : First , full disclosure : Molson is this humble blogger ’s favorite beer brand , second only to its Canadian cousin and rival , Labatt .
Such is one ’s fate — a fine one , at that — growing up precisely two kilometers from the Great White North ’s border with New York state .
So it came with , perhaps , an overabundance in interest in learning Sunday night that President First , full disclosure : Molson is this humble blogger ’s favorite beer brand , second only to its Canadian cousin and rival , Labatt .
Such is one ’s fate — a fine one , at that — growing up precisely two kilometers from the Great White North ’s border with New York state .
So it came with , perhaps , an overabundance in interest in learning Sunday night that President Barack Obama will this week ship a case of Molson Canadian to Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper — the spoils of a bet lost on the United States v. Canada Olympic hockey gold medal finals .
( Canada won the riveting contest in overtime , 3 - 2 , after the Americans tied the score 2 - 2 with 24 seconds remaining in regulation . )
Had the United States won the game ?
Harper would have sent Obama a case of Yuengling , the flagship product of the States ’ oldest brewery .
Back in July , the last time Obama ’s suds selection made news , he opted for Bud Light when hosting a “ beer summit ” involving Harvard Prof .
Henry Louis Gates and Cambridge , Mass. , police Sgt. James Crowley — parties to a bizarre incident that led to Gates ’ arrest and the president ’s arguably premature admonishing ( on national television ) of Crowley .
And for the record , if you ’re going to send the prime minister of Canada a Molson product , dial it up a notch and send him a case of Molson Export .
Yum .
HEALTH CARE LOBBYISTS STILL VERY MUCH AT IT :
Think that just because health care reform legislation is in a holding pattern while the federal government snickers , dickers , dithers and conducts largely fruitless bipartisan meetings that interested lobbyists have just … faded away ?
Think again , reports the Washington Post ‘s Dan Eggen , who reports the ‘s Dan Eggen , who writes Sunday that “ another wave of rallies , lobbying efforts and costly advertising campaigns ” are underway .
The broad health care sector spend an unprecedented amount of money on lobbying in 2009 , becoming only one of two business and interest group sectors to ever crack the $ 500 million mark for one year .
Have a news tip or link to pass along ?
We want to hear from you !
E-mail us at [ email protected ]
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : Feel free to distribute or cite this material , but please credit the Center for Responsive Politics .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : [ email protected ]
·
·
·
·
·
·
·
·
·
Support Accountability Journalism
At OpenSecrets.org we offer in - depth , money - in - politics stories in the public interest .
Whether you ’re reading about 2020 presidential fundraising , conflicts of interest or “ dark money ” influence , we produce this content with a small , but dedicated team .
Every donation we receive from users like you goes directly into promoting high - quality data analysis and investigative journalism that you can trust .
Please support our work and keep this resource free .
Thank you .
Support OpenSecrets ➜
Read more OpenSecrets News & Analysis :
A Harvard professor has invented possibly the most useful caffeination product ever : caffeine cigarettes ( no nicotine , only caffeine in air form ) .
The inhalable product , " Le Whif , " is going to be incredibly helpful in many Wall Street situations :
all nighters
too much coffee already in your stomach
hangovers
Mostly this is just a huge time saver .
No waiting in line for coffee , no waiting for your machine to make coffee , no waiting for your coffee to cool down or waiting while you re-heat it in the microwave .
Just use Le Whif !
It 's a " lipstick " style container that you pull open , insert into your mouth , and inhale .
It 's equivalent to 1 shot of espresso ( 100 mg of caffeine ) .
This is going to be a huge hit .
Especially for anyone who hates the taste of Red Bull , any caffeine product 's # 1 competitor .
You will be able to buy it at Dylan 's candy bar in packs of three ( $ 8 ) or individually ( $ 3 ) later this month .
Sadly , Dylan 's sold out of the product within three hours of unveiling it on Thursday .
They are also sold out online .
Thank you for the innovation , professor David Edwards and chef Thierry Marx .
We will be testing and reviewing your amazing product ASAP .
How to use lewhif lewhif.com
( Via IvyGate Blog . )
The average person 's sex life ends by age 70 , according to a report published Tuesday in the British Medical Journal .
At age 30 , men have an average of 35 years of sexually active life remaining , compared with 31 years for women , researchers at the University of Chicago 's department of obstetrics and gynecology estimated in the study .
By 55 , men have an average sexual life expectancy of 15 years and women can expect 10 more years , they found , based on data from two separate surveys .
People in very good or excellent health were almost twice as likely to be interested in sex as people in poorer health , according to the study .
Men lost more years of sexual activity as a result of poor health than women , the researchers said .
That may motivate men to pursue healthier lifestyles , they said .
The team , led by Stacy Tessler Lindau , used data from a 1995 - 96 survey of 3,000 men and women ages 25 to 74 and a 2005 - 06 survey of 3,000 men and women 57 to 85 .
Men were more likely than women to be sexually active , report having a good quality sex life and be interested in sex , according to the study .
The gap was largest among 75 - to 85 - year - olds .
About 40 percent of men in that group were sexually active , compared with 17 percent of women , the researchers found .
The study was funded by the University of Chicago and the National Institutes of Health .
Given that Digby Pearson , owner of metal label Earache Records , once considered signing noted black - metal musician , murder enthusiast , and racist Varg Vikernes , aka Burzum , I doubt his motivation for maliciously leaking the new Burzum record via his Twitter is entirely pure .
But even if he only leaked Belus because he thinks it's " garbage " and Vikernes is a " racist dickhead , " his act raises some interesting questions .
The ethics of file sharing are usually debated from one of two positions : that the practice is an ultimately productive way to promote music or that it 's basically theft .
But there are obviously other moral factors that can work into it .
Is leaking an avowed racist 's album , and thereby denying them some of the money they might earn from it , a good thing ?
Belus is n't a propaganda tool , and it does n't seem to have explicitly racist lyrics , so spreading it around probably wo n't inadvertently create any more racists among the people downloading it .
Like the saying goes , direct action gets things done .
Given that Vikernes has n't budged from his ideological stance despite his vilification by large factions within the metal scene , could hitting him in the wallet have an effect ?
If deliberate leaks could somehow bankrupt Vikernes and by that process shut up a well - known and frequently quoted hatemonger , I 'd count that as a victory , but I 'm always suspicious of vigilante justice .
It has a way of getting out of control with surprising speed .
I 'm sure I 'll be thinking this over for a while before I settle on any answers .
But even though Pearson 's leak was almost purely symbolic — I do n't imagine it'll effect Vikernes in any substantial way — I 'm glad he did it .
We have pointed out more than once that a major impediment to reform of the financial services industry is that a small number of firms control infrastructure crucial to modern capitalism :
1. Credit is essential to any society beyond the barter stage 2 .
Debt markets are now at least as important in providing credit as traditional lending , by a lot of measures , even more so 3 .
A handful of firms are crucial because they operate the debt markets 4 .
These firms are deeply enmeshed .
If one goes , the others are at risk of failure , which will take down the entire debt markets apparatus .
The banksters understand this situation full well , that they have a knife at the throat of the economy , and they will fiercely resist any efforts to disarm them .
And note that the enmeshed - ness is one of the sources of their leverage ( no pun intended ) .
If single firms could be taken out and shot wound down , the firms collectively would have much less power .
The interconnectedness of the players , via their credit exposures to each other ( most importantly but not limited to the repo and credit default swaps markets ) makes “ reforms ” like living wills of dubious value .
Unless the tight coupling is substantially reduced , these living wills remain fig leaves for political and regulatory inaction .
Put it this way : if banks can forestall a not very ambitious reform program by huffing and puffing about “ destablizing markets ” when the financial markets are on comparatively sound footing , do you think anyone , in bona fide financial crisis , will take the risk of putting down a significant player in an untested wind - down protocol ?
A bailout is the less risky course of action ( although some ancillary operations might be hived off of a floundering firm to improve the optics ) .
Recall what took place during the Bernanke confirmation process .
There was a point where opposition was significant , and there was a hope of getting a thumbs - down , particularly since conventional MSM outlets like the Wall Street Journal were making particularly articulate cases ( as in going through his record as Fed governor as well as chairman , and arguing that his role in causing the crisis was much more significant than widely appreciated ) .
In addition , the claims that a no vote on Bernanke would be detrimental were wildly exaggerated .
He would still have remained a Fed governor ; the spectrum of opinion within the Fed is not terribly wide ; the idea that a new Fed chairman would pursue radically different ( as opposed to merely somewhat different ) policies was a chimera .
A vote against Bernanke was necessary for accountability , and a shot across the Fed ’s bow on how it defined its constituency ( as in a warning that its cognitive capture by the banking industry was no longer acceptable ) .
But what did we see around the time of the vote ?
Statements that a vote against Bernanke would “ destabilize markets ” and , lo and behold , markets fell appreciably when the nomination looked to be in doubt .
And senators appeared to get the message .
A number of senators who voted for Bernanke went so far as to explain their vote in terms of “ I ’m not wild about this , but oh , no , we do n’t dare cross the markets . ”
So the ability to get the markets to fall on cue when regulators are threatening to do things that are inconvenient has now become a critical source of power for the financial services industry .
On the Bernanke vote , do we have any reason to think that pension funds , insurance companies , endowments , retail investors , or mutual funds would have had a strong point of view either way on Bernanke , strong enough lead them to take action ?
Unlikely .
It has hit the point where the Administration has tried to use the same threat , which given the fact pattern above , must strike industry participants as truly comic .
From the New York Times :
As part of a regulatory overhaul adopted in December , the House voted to create a freestanding Consumer Financial Protection Agency .
Since then , the financial services industry has been largely unified in trying to reduce the proposed agency ’s independence , as well as the scope of its powers .
The lobbying effort has been so fierce that the Treasury secretary , Timothy F. Geithner , called a meeting on Thursday with representatives of the United States Chamber of Commerce , the American Bankers Association and six other groups , at which he warned that failure to pass a regulatory overhaul could destabilize the markets .
Yves here .
There are so many ways to interpret Geithner ’s threat that I am not certain where to begin .
Is this merely an effort to trump the industry ’s usual nuclear option ?
The problem is that that his remark is not credible , at least in the short term , which is all that seems to matter these days in the US ( yes , failure to pass reforms will perpetuate the underlying bad incentives and behaviors that generated the crisis , but that does not seem to be the argument Geithner was making ) .
Does anyone really think that not having an independent consumer financial protection agency ( something I favor ) is going to roil markets ?
No .
Or ( being cynical ) was the use of that threat a deliberate effort to signal the Administration ’s powerlessness ?
“ Yes , I summoned you all , and I as Treasury Secretary must engage in some Kabuki theater to show we really really wanted this to pass , and that we really really gave it the good old college try .
But you and I know you guys really have the upper hand . ”
Now if we were back in the days of Johnson or Nixon , when the government was not ashamed of exercising its authority , the conversation would have been very different .
Someone like Geithner would have hoped and prayed a lobbyist would invoke the “ destabilize markets ” threat , and would have responded these lines ( no doubt more iron fist in velvet glove than this rendition , but the underlying message would have been the same ) :
Do I hear that you are threatening the government and the hardworking citizens of this country with a self - serving action of creating a market rout which will cause losses to investors solely to preserve your privileged and perquisites ?
I ’ve heard this threat before , and I ’ve seen it happen , and we are no longer willing to tolerate this sort of abuse .
Let me discuss how many legal violations that involves .
Collusive action to manipulate markets , a probable violation under antitrust law .
Mail and wire fraud .
To the extent it involves equities or regulated options and futures exchanges , market manipulation .
And given that all your clients operate only by the grace of various Federal and State licenses , I am sure we can add to the list .
Given the repeated threats and consistent market declines after threats like these have been made , we can compel your client to divulge internal information .
The point here is that if you having made this threat gives us reason to believe you plan to engage in market manipulation should we proceed with our program .
So you tell your clients this : we will engage in a full bore discovery process of any down market moves that appear to be an effort to undermine financial regulatory reform .
We will post the results of trading activities , internal communications , meeting records , all the details in a public forum so as to leverage our resources .
As you know , our colleagues in the EU right now are not very happy with the conduct of US firms either , so I am highly confident that we can obtain their cooperation in getting the same kind of information from your clients ’ overseas operations .
And I am sure you understand full well your clients will not come out looking very pretty from this level of scrutiny .
Do not try telling me that this sort of investigation will hurt your clients ’ relationship with their customers .
Whether we take action is entirely at their discretion .
I have no sympathy for arguments that we might damage your clients ’ precious customer franchises when they seek to place their interests over that of the US as a whole .
You go back and tell your client if they are not on this bus , they will be under the bus .
Yves here .
So now I have to wonder whether Geithner having tried a clearly not credible “ destabilize the markets ” threat was to give the industry cover for its past bullying ….
Nah , I ’m clearly too cynical .
The analysis was conducted by the respected True Bible Society , and it will be published next month in the End Times Journal .
... Senator McCain has declared his intention to maintain US forces in Iraq for a hundred years , " said David Jenkins , a leading Biblical scholar .
" That means that McCain wants to control Babylon for at least a century . " ... genealogical research showed that McCain 's great - grandfather was actually not John McCain , but John Mihai .
Mihai is an ancient Romanian name , and according to Bible - believing Christians , the Antichrist is likely to be a Romanian .
" What clinched it for us was that the name Mihai means ' who is like the Lord , ' " said Jenkins .
" As far as we 're concerned , that was enough .
It means that McCain might easily pretend to be the Redeemer . " ... McCain 's geniality and folksiness are consistent with his being the Antichrist , Jenkins said ... the Bible tells us that he will be charming . "
In some ways , John McCain has never lived in the " real world . "
He went from a military academy to a war to a hole in the ground to American politics .
I 'm hard pressed to think of a better recipe for the Antichrist .
You know who else went from the military , through a period of intense psychological pain , and then directly into politics ?
Sure , it 's as tired and played out a comparison to make as the Antichrist , but the answer is nonetheless :
Hitler .
Update [ 2008 -8-8 14:40:4 by Paul Anderson ] : I had the thought that all this talk from McCain about Obama being the Antichrist ( however masked it may be ) ... it could be Rovian .
Ie , they could be doing it in order to pre-empt revelations like the one in the End Times Journal .
Rove always accuses his opponent of something that his guy will get accused of , so it looks like retribution rather than an original accusation .
Classic Rove .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Stefan GP has abandoned plans to test at Portimao in Portugal this week after failing to secure a supply of tyres to run on , AUTOSPORT can reveal .
The Serbian - based team has its new car , the Toyota - based Stefan 01 , all ready to hit the track following a fire - up in Cologne last week , but its failure to obtain tyres from Formula 1's official tyre supplier Bridgestone has scuppered its bid to begin testing .
Bridgestone is only contracted to supply F1 tyres to those outfits that have an entry to the world championship , and the Japanese tyre manufacturer was unable to provide alternative GP2 rubber at such short notice .
With Stefan GP boss Zoran Stefanovic unwilling to run the car on tyres that are not suited to F1 performance , he has decided to call off this week 's planned run .
" We can not do the test at the moment and we are still trying to find a solution , " Stefanovic told AUTOSPORT .
" We have no tyres and will not test on tyres that are not suitable for the car to go testing at full speed .
" We now need to see what our options are , but we definitely need to do something to sort this situation out . "
Stefan GP will almost certainly not be able to get hold of F1 - spec tyres unless it gets an entry to the 2010 championship - something it has been pushing for for several months now .
Although there are now serious doubts about the future of Team US F1 , which has asked to miss the first races of the season , Stefanovic has said that he is still no nearer understanding where his outfit stands .
" We are expecting that the situation will be clarified soon , " he said .
" Everybody knows that some teams are facing certain problems , and we are looking to clarify this situation . "
Stefanovic also hoped to be able to confirm his team 's drivers in the next week .
" We have already agreed terms with [ Kazuki ] Nakajima , and we expect to conclude a deal with [ Jacques ] Villeneuve .
We think it is a good decision for us , and it makes sense for him . "
That little lock on your browser window indicating you are communicating securely with your bank or e-mail account may not always mean what you think its means .
Normally when a user visits a secure website , such as Bank of America , Gmail , PayPal or eBay , the browser examines the website ’s certificate to verify its authenticity .
At a recent wiretapping convention , however , security researcher Chris Soghoian discovered that a small company was marketing internet spying boxes to the feds .
The boxes were designed to intercept those communications – without breaking the encryption – by using forged security certificates , instead of the real ones that websites use to verify secure connections .
To use the appliance , the government would need to acquire a forged certificate from any one of more than 100 trusted Certificate Authorities .
The attack is a classic man - in - the - middle attack , where Alice thinks she is talking directly to Bob , but instead Mallory found a way to get in the middle and pass the messages back and forth without Alice or Bob knowing she was there .
The existence of a marketed product indicates the vulnerability is likely being exploited by more than just information - hungry governments , according to leading encryption expert Matt Blaze , a computer science professor at University of Pennsylvania .
" If the company is selling this to law enforcement and the intelligence community , it is not that large a leap to conclude that other , more malicious people have worked out the details of how to exploit this , " Blaze said .
The company in question is known as Packet Forensics , which advertised its new man - in - the - middle capabilities in a brochure handed out at the Intelligent Support Systems ( ISS ) conference , a Washington , D.C. , wiretapping convention that typically bans the press .
Soghoian attended the convention , notoriously capturing a Sprint manager bragging about the huge volumes of surveillance requests it processes for the government .
According to the flyer : " Users have the ability to import a copy of any legitimate key they obtain ( potentially by court order ) or they can generate ' look - alike ' keys designed to give the subject a false sense of confidence in its authenticity . "
The product is recommended to government investigators , saying " IP communication dictates the need to examine encrypted traffic at will . "
And , " Your investigative staff will collect its best evidence while users are lulled into a false sense of security afforded by web , e-mail or VOIP encryption . "
Packet Forensics does n't advertise the product on its website , and when contacted by Wired.com , asked how we found out about it .
Company spokesman Ray Saulino initially denied the product performed as advertised , or that anyone used it .
But in a follow - up call the next day , Saulino changed his stance .
" The technology we are using in our products has been generally discussed in internet forums and there is nothing special or unique about it , " Saulino said .
" Our target community is the law enforcement community . "
Blaze described the vulnerability as an exploitation of the architecture of how SSL is used to encrypt web traffic , rather than an attack on the encryption itself .
SSL , which is known to many as HTTPS , enables browsers to talk to servers using high - grade encryption , so that no one between the browser and a company 's server can eavesdrop on the data .
Normal HTTP traffic can be read by anyone in between – your ISP , a wiretap at your ISP , or in the case of an unencrypted Wi -Fi connection , by anyone using a simple packet - sniffing tool .
In addition to encrypting the traffic , SSL authenticates that your browser is talking to the website you think it is .
To that end , browser makers trust a large number of Certificate Authorities – companies that promise to check a website operator 's credentials and ownership before issuing a certificate .
A basic certificate costs less than $ 50 today , and it sits on a website 's server , guaranteeing that the BankofAmerica.com website is actually owned by Bank of America .
Browser makers have accredited more than 100 Certificate Authorities from around the world , so any certificate issued by any one of those companies is accepted as valid .
To use the Packet Forensics box , a law enforcement or intelligence agency would have to install it inside an ISP , and persuade one of the Certificate Authorities – using money , blackmail or legal process – to issue a fake certificate for the targeted website .
Then they could capture your username and password , and be able to see whatever transactions you make online .
Technologists at the Electronic Frontier Foundation , who are working on a proposal to fix this whole problem , say hackers can use similar techniques to steal your money or your passwords .
In that case , attackers are more likely to trick a Certificate Authority into issuing a certificate , a point driven home last year when two security researchers demonstrated how they could get certificates for any domain on the internet simply by using a special character in a domain name .
" It is not hard to do these attacks , " said Seth Schoen , an EFF staff technologist .
" There is software that is being published for free among security enthusiasts and underground that automate this . "
China , which is known for spying on dissidents and Tibetan activists , could use such an attack to go after users of supposedly secure services , including some Virtual Private Networks , which are commonly used to tunnel past China 's firewall censorship .
All they 'd need to do is convince a Certificate Authority to issue a fake certificate .
When Mozilla added a Chinese company , China Internet Network Information Center , as a trusted Certificate Authority in Firefox this year , it set off a firestorm of debate , sparked by concerns that the Chinese government could convince the company to issue fake certificates to aid government surveillance .
In all , Mozilla 's Firefox has its own list of 144 root authorities .
Other browsers rely on a list supplied by the operating system manufacturers , which comes to 264 for Microsoft and 166 for Apple .
Those root authorities can also certify secondary authorities , who can certify still more – all of which are equally trusted by the browser .
The list of trusted root authorities includes the United Arab Emirates - based Etisalat , a company that was caught last summer secretly uploading spyware onto 100,000 customers ' BlackBerries .
Soghoian says fake certificates would be a perfect mechanism for countries hoping to steal intellectual property from visiting business travelers .
The researcher published a paper on the risks ( .pdf ) Wednesday , and promises he will soon release a Firefox add - on to notify users when a site 's certificate is issued from an authority in a different country than the last certificate the user 's browser accepted from the site .
EFF 's Schoen , along with fellow staff technologist Peter Eckersley and security expert Chris Palmer , want to take the solution further , using information from around the net so browsers can eventually tell a user with certainty when they are being attacked by someone using a fake certificate .
Currently , browsers warn users when they encounter a certificate that does n't belong to a site , but many people simply click through the multiple warnings .
" The basic point is that in the status quo there is no double check and no accountability , " Schoen said .
" So if Certificate Authorities are doing things that they should n't , no one would know , no one would observe it .
We think at the very least there needs to be a double check . "
EFF suggests a regime that relies on a second level of independent notaries to certify each certificate , or an automated mechanism to use anonymous
Tor exit nodes to make sure the same certificate is being served from various locations on the internet – in case a user 's local ISP has been compromised , either by a criminal or a government agency using something like Packet Forensics ' appliance .
One of the most interesting questions raised by Packet Forensics ' product is how often do governments use such technology and do Certificate Authorities comply ?
Christine Jones , the general counsel for Go Daddy – one of the net 's largest issuers of SSL certificates – says her company has never gotten such a request from a government in her eight years at the company .
" I 've read studies and heard speeches in academic circles that theorize that concept , but we never would issue a ' fake ' SSL certificate , " Jones said , arguing that would violate the SSL auditing standards and put them at risk of losing their certification .
" Theoretically it would work , but the thing is we get requests from law enforcement every day , and in entire time we have been doing this , we have never had a single instance where law enforcement asked us to do something inappropriate . "
VeriSign , the net 's largest Certiicate Authority , echoes GoDaddy .
" Verisign has never issued a fake SSL certificate , and to do so would be against our policies , " said vice president Tim Callan .
Matt Blaze notes that domestic law enforcement can get many records , such as a person 's Amazon purchases , with a simple subpoena , while getting a fake SSL certificate would certainly involve a much higher burden of proof and technical hassles for the same data .
Intelligence agencies would find fake certificates more useful , he adds .
If the NSA got a fake certificate for Gmail – which now uses SSL as the default for e-mail sessions in their entirety ( not just their logins ) – they could install one of Packet Forensics ' boxes surreptitiously at an ISP in , for example , Afghanistan , in order to read all the customer 's Gmail messages .
Such an attack , though , could be detected with a little digging , and the NSA would never know if they 'd been found out .
Despite the vulnerabilities , experts are pushing more sites to join Gmail in wrapping their entire sessions in SSL .
" I still lock my doors even though I know how to pick the lock , " Blaze said .
Update 15:55 Pacific :
The story was updated with comment from Verisign .
Image : Detail from Packet Forensics brochure .
See Also :
As I was checking several blogs and websites today , i found that several of them redirected me to either gescansecurity .org or a bing search page for “ freevirusscan ” .
Several blogger and wordpress blogs were seemed to have been affected .
In my case I visited this blog ( gosh..its a blogger blog ) and this site was redirected to -
which first displayed a window almost identical to a standard " My computer " screen on a windows pc and looked like the typical type of windows malware .
It alerted me of various viruses / Trojans ( downloader.win32.agent etc. ) detected on my computer , followed by a prompt to install " System Security Antivirus " and such by clicking " ok " .
With no option to close the window , and with no other active windows , I clicked cancel for no result as I got a message that windows security center recommends it as an install and hence the cycle repeats .
When I got rid of that page and revisited it , the page was gone and instead redirected me to a bing search page for search term “ freevirusscan ” .
On closer inspection I found out that affected blogs load a script just before the < / body > tag with no recognizable pattern ( atleast for me ) .
Also I monitored my cookies and found that after being redirected to bing , a cookie is set to prevent the user from being redirected for 20 days .
Several wordpress blogs also displayed the same vulnerability .
On later googling I found a user in apple forum about the same problem .
A new virus attack on Wordpress / Blogger ?
Seems so as I was running Linux and seemed to have no malware installed on my Linux machine .
Tested this on a clean windows machine and for positive results .
Keep your eyes open folks ..
Like
This post ?
You can buy me a coffee :)
Occasionally it happens .
We get caught up in life , the weeks slide by , and suddenly you realize that it ’s time to reconcile your checking account .
When I opened my personal finance software the other day to reconcile what ’s on my computer to my bank statement , I got a shock :
It had been three months since I last reconciled my account .
All of my credit card accounts were up to date ; I ’d even reconciled my business account and my savings accounts .
But , for some reason , my checking account slipped through the cracks .
I ’m still not entirely sure how it happened .
Now , it was n’t a huge deal , since I am quite scrupulous about keeping track of my income and expenses in my personal finance software , and overdraft is not normally something that happens to me .
At the end of each day , I enter in the receipts from shopping trips and make sure that any checks I write are accounted for .
It required me to go back and look at three months ’ worth of statements and reconcile them , but the process is made fairly easy by the computer software .
Reconciling your account is important .
Your bank statement is the official record of what ’s going on with your account , and you want to make sure it matches up .
Check for duplicate charges ( has happened to me on three occasions ) , bank errors ( once ) , and fraudulent charges .
And , because you should usually have only 30 to 60 days ( sometimes less ) to rectify problems in case of fraud , it is important to reconcile your account statement to your own records every month .
The best way to stay on top of your financial situation is to keep track of your spending in some sort of personal finance software or a ledger , and then to reconcile your records with what the bank provides at the end of each statement period .
Hopefully , this situation wo n’t repeat itself for me .
Many good things happened this weekend .
First , we abruptly ended my unsavory spell of cold weather lament by taking Jacob to see Central Park in all of its snowy glory , reminding me , yet again , why seeing the city muffled and blanketed is the highlight of my winter .
Nothing cures you of greyslushdisgust faster than views like these .
And these .
Then , there was an accidental dinner party .
These days , you see , a casual plea of “ I made too much dinner again ” has a way of turning a few drop-ins to crowd of ten .
There may of may not have been a Fox in Socks drinking game ; I ’ll never admit to it .
Jacob , as always , was the life of the party — a 5 - month old social butterfly !
And there was a St. Louis Gooey Butter Cake that floored the room .
I read about this for the first time in the New York Times last November , and while my gut told me to Make This .
Make This Right Now , my head — my thick head — told me I ’d find it unpleasantly sweet and to avoid it .
My brain can be so lame sometimes , especially when it wins .
But only for so long .
As “ gooey - goo for chewy - chewing ” has crept back onto my horizon as of late , so has this almost Seussical - sounding cake and last night , I cautiously auditioned it .
My head is no longer allowed to make baking decisions for me .
This cake shut it down , kicked it out of the room .
What is a St. Louis Gooey Butter Cake , you ask ?
It ’s two things , actually — a rich yeast cake base ( though it is often made with cake mixes ; this version hopes uses a yeast cake to cut down on the sweetness ) that is topped with a mixture of gobs of butter , sugar , corn syrup and vanilla that , when baked , become nothing short of showstopping .
Think spun sugar .
Cotton candy .
Toasted campfire marshmallows .
The burnt sugar lid of the best crème - brulee you ’ve ever had , the kind that took five spoon taps to break through .
Then march straight into the nearest kitchen to get on this , and do n’t let a thing or a think talk you out of it .
One year ago : Steak Sandwiches
Two years ago : Big Crumb Coffee Cake
Three years ago : Hamantaschen
St. Louis Gooey Butter Cake
Adapted , just barely , from Melissa Clark at the New York Times , who adapted it from Molly Killeen at the Park Slope Farmers ’ Market
This cake is ridiculous .
I ’m already looking for an excuse to make it again .
I ’m thinking “ It ’s Tuesday ! ” may have to suffice .
About the baking vessel :
The recipe says to use a 9×13 baking dish ( often glass or ceramic ) .
I used a 9×13 cake pan ( which was metal ) and ended up with something that browned a bit more than I would have liked .
I ’d use a “ dish ” next time , which I believe will brown the bottom less aggressively .
About the baking time :
My cake , in a thinner , metal baking pan , was also finished 15 minutes sooner than estimated , and was already a little past the “ goo ” stage .
I chalk this up to the pan .
However , I put baking times in a wide range ; if you ’re using a metal baking pan ( though , again , I ’d recommend a glass or ceramic dish ) , err on the cautious side .
Eh , err on the cautious side either way .
Always .
Better safe than sorry .
Yields 16 to 20 servings , but I cut mine into 24 and may or may not know 10 people who polished off every one of them after dinner
For the cake
3 tablespoons milk at room temperature
1 3/4 teaspoons active dry yeast
6 tablespoons unsalted butter at room temperature
3 tablespoons sugar
1 teaspoon kosher salt
1 large egg
1 3/4 cups all - purpose flour
For the topping
3 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon light corn syrup
2 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract
12 tablespoons ( 1 1/2 sticks ) unsalted butter , at room temperature
1 1/2 cups sugar
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
1 large egg
1 cup plus 3 tablespoons all - purpose flour
Confectioners ’ sugar , for sprinkling .
Make the cake dough :
In a small bowl , mix milk with 2 tablespoons warm water .
Add yeast and whisk gently until it dissolves .
Mixture should foam slightly .
( Very slightly in my case . )
Using an electric mixer with paddle attachment , cream butter , sugar and salt .
Scrape down sides of bowl and beat in the egg .
Alternately add flour and the milk mixture , scraping down sides of bowl between each addition .
Clark does n’t say to do this , but I switched to a dough hook at this point to beat dough on medium speed until it formed a smooth mass and pulled away ( just a little , my dough was still very soft ) from sides of bowl , 7 to 10 minutes .
Press , stretch and nudge dough into an ungreased ( original recipe suggests this ; I found that my topping stuck a lot and I really had to cut around it with a sharp knife ; I will grease mine next time ) 9 - by 13 - inch baking dish ( see Note above about baking dishes ) at least 2 inches deep .
Cover dish with plastic wrap or clean tea towel , put in a warm place , and allow to rise until doubled , 2 1/ 2 to 3 hours .
Make the gooey topping : Heat oven to 350 degrees .
To prepare topping , in a small bowl , whisk corn syrup with 2 tablespoons water and the vanilla .
Using an electric mixer with paddle attachment , cream butter , sugar and salt until light and fluffy , 5 to 7 minutes .
Scrape down sides of bowl and beat in the egg .
Alternately add flour and corn syrup mixture , scraping down sides of bowl between each addition .
Spoon topping in large dollops over risen cake and use an offset spatula to gently spread it in an even layer .
Bake for 30 to 45 minutes ( see Note above about wide range ) ; cake will rise and fall in waves and have a golden brown top , but will still be liquid in center when done .
Allow to cool in pan before sprinkling with confectioners ’ sugar for serving .
Do More : Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
Print
Email
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
April 28th , 2010
Via : Knowledge Is The Killer of Fear :
In the coming years , I think there is a strong possibility that there is going to be crisis and martial law in the United States and in other nations as well .
During such periods , the items you need to survive will become increasingly scarce , especially if the crisis and martial law goes on for an extended period of time .
This article could have well been entitled How to Be a Successful Criminal , because what we are talking about bartering during crisis and / or martial law .
In crisis and martial law , bartering of goods will be considered a criminal act .
As such , if you barter you will be a participant in the black market ( at least in the eyes of the government ) .
Remember , during crisis with martial law , you can be arrested for just about anything .
The rules I cover in this article come from the book Black Market Operations : Marketing Theory and the Fencing of Stolen Goods , A report by Ted Roselius and Douglas Benton , associate professors in the college of business at Colorado State University .
The book was published by the now defunct publisher Loompanics Unlimited .
You may still be able to find the book on some internet booksellers .
The book ’s ISBN number is 1 -55950 - 017 - 4 .
If you can get a copy , I recommend you add it to your preparedness library .
…
In the book listed above , the author ’s list some characteristics of goods that are best for selling and trading on the black market .
Let ’s examine those characteristics in detail and how the principles will apply to a pure barter economy during a prolonged crisis with martial law .
Research Credit : dagobaz
Economy | Posted in Collapse Top Of Page
MARJAH , Afghanistan ( Reuters ) - A NATO airstrike in Afghanistan mistakenly killed 27 civilians , the government said on Monday , hurting a campaign to win over the local population and defeat Taliban insurgents .
A U.S. Marine from Bravo Company of the 1st Battalion , 6th Marines aims his weapon at Taliban fighters in Marjah in Helmand province , southern Afghanistan February 22 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Goran Tomasevic
The Afghan cabinet condemned the deaths as “ unjustifiable ” after an aircraft fired on civilians , mistaking them for insurgents , in the south near the border of Uruzgan and Dai Kondi provinces .
But U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates defended work by the U.S. and NATO commander in Afghanistan to avoid killing civilians .
He added that incidents like the airstrike were inherent in conflict and part of “ what makes war so ugly . ”
Civilian casualties have caused friction between the government and foreign forces , who have launched two big offensives in the past eight months to try to turn the tide of a growing Taliban - led insurgency .
Initially , the Afghan cabinet reported 33 deaths but later clarified that 27 people were killed .
Sunday ’s toll was still the highest number of civilian deaths in months .
‘ TRUST AND CONFIDENCE ’
The incident was not part of Operation Mushtarak , a major NATO - led campaign to clear Taliban militants out of neighboring Helmand province in the south .
But it could still undermine government and NATO efforts to win over civilians under a plan to wrest control of Taliban bastions and hand them over to state authorities before the start of a gradual U.S. troop withdrawal in 2011 .
“ Initial reports indicate that NATO fired Sunday on a convoy of three vehicles ... killing at least 27 civilians , including four women and one child , and injuring 12 others , ” the Afghan cabinet said in a statement .
The NATO - led International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF ) said in a statement that civilians had been killed as they approached a joint NATO - Afghan unit but did not say how many .
An investigation has begun , it said .
Slideshow ( 7 images )
“ We are extremely saddened by the tragic loss of innocent lives , ” U.S. General Stanley McChrystal , commander of NATO forces in Afghanistan , said in the ISAF statement .
“ I have made it clear to our forces that we are here to protect the Afghan people and inadvertently killing or injuring civilians undermines their trust and confidence in our mission . ”
McChrystal ’s counterinsurgency strategy emphasizes seizing population centers and avoiding combat in built - up areas whenever possible to avert civilian deaths .
The number of civilians killed by NATO troops has fallen since he took command in mid-2009 .
Brad Adams , Asia director for Human Rights Watch , praised McChrystal ’s efforts to reduce civilian casualties and said they have made a difference but he said the coalition continues to act on poor intelligence .
“ This has gone on for years .
They urgently need to solve this problem to avoid mistakes that could undermine this policy , ” Adams said .
SLOWER THAN EXPECTED
U.S. Marines say they have been extra careful not to put civilians at risk in their assault at Marjah in Helmand , Afghanistan ’s most violent province .
This has at times prevented them from acting more decisively .
U.S. officials acknowledged on Monday the Marjah operation was moving a bit slower than expected but Gates said he did not expect that to affect the timing of future operations to retake Taliban strongholds elsewhere .
Lieutenant General John Paxton , director of operations at the U.S. military ’s Joint Staff , described the approach in clearing operations in Marjah as “ very deliberate ” to avoid killing civilians .
“ We know this is going to be a hard fight , ” Paxton said at a Senate hearing .
“ We know there are going to be pockets of intense resistance . ”
The International Committee of the Red Cross said roads infested with hidden bombs make it difficult to evacuate the sick and wounded to hospitals in the provincial capital Lashkar Gah .
“ The ICRC calls on the armed opposition , the Afghan National Army and police and international military forces to ensure that the conduct of military operations does not unduly affect access to medical care , ” it said in a statement .
At least 12 people were killed in a poorly targeted rocket strike the day after Operation Mushtarak started this month .
A total of 21 civilians have died in that NATO offensive , ISAF said .
While NATO forces appear to have made significant progress in the offensive -- a test of U.S. President Barack Obama ’s troop surge strategy -- their push to clear out militants can backfire .
“ People still complain about how the house searches are being conducted .
The joint forces should not view every person here with suspicion of being a Taliban or a relative of one , ” said Abdur Rahman Saber , head of a local council set up before the Marjah offensive to monitor the plight of civilians .
“ When the government and its foreign allies want the people on their side , they should respect every resident here .
People should not feel any sense of insecurity from Afghan or foreign troops . ”
NATO and Afghan forces still are still under pressure to push out remaining Taliban fighters and prevent others from coming back to Marjah , a poppy cultivation center which Western countries say funds the insurgency .
I have some experience in the broadcast industry , and I simply do n't trust Comcast and NBC when it comes to the merger they are asking the Senate to approve .
I am convinced that without significant changes to protect consumers , merging a company who provides programming and one who provides the pipes that carry said programming would be a raw deal for Minnesotans and independent content producers alike .
Fights like this one are more than worth having , they 're essential to preserving the fabric of our democracy .
I know full well that by taking positions like this , I 'm inviting special interest groups to spend a lot of money to defeat me down the road .
That 's ok by me -- because corporations getting their way is n't some bad medicine Americans need to swallow -- we can stand , fight , and win if we work together .
I 'm building a movement to grow the momentum we established in 2008 , please consider joining us today .
- Al
El perfil Javier Arredondo y Jorge Mercado - JUSTICIA !
JUSTICE !
cuenta con 519 miembros , en donde alumnos , compa�eros y seguidores expresan su indignaci�n ante lo sucedido el viernes pasado
Soluci�n Hasta el momento dos perfiles en esta red social exigen que se cese a la violencia en Nuevo Le�n y se esclarezca lo sucedido con los estudiantes .
( Foto : Especial )
Ciudad de M�xico | Lunes 22 de marzo de 2010
Redacci�n | El Universal
00:09
Belgium moves to become first European country to ban the burka
Potential outlaw : Burka wearers could be jailed if they are caught in public
Belgium is on the verge of becoming the first European nation to ban the burka .
A parliamentary committee agreed yesterday to outlaw the wearing of face - covering veils in public .
The full Parliament will vote later this month .
Under the proposals , women could face a week in prison or a fine for wearing a veil in public .
There are an estimated 650,000 Muslims in Belgium – 6 per cent of the population .
The text of the new law does not specifically mention burkas but makes it illegal for anyone to wear clothing ‘ that covers all or most of the face ’ in any public place .
Left - wing MP Denis Ducarme left no doubt the rules were targeting - Muslim extremists .
He said after the vote by the home affairs committee : ‘ This sends a very strong signal to radical Islamists . ’
The French - speaking liberals who have proposed the law argue that an inability to identify people presents a security risk and that the veil is a ‘ walking prison ’ for women .
Daniel Bacquelaine , the bill ’s chief promoter , said the ban might also be used against potentially violent demonstrators who covered their faces .
He estimated that only a few hundred women in Belgium wore facial veils , but said it was a rising trend .
The MP said Belgium did not wish to follow the ‘ bad examples ’ of Britain and the Netherlands , where he said many Muslims lived in separate communities .
The proposal is expected to become law as early as June as it has the support of all five parties in the coalition government .
But opponents may appeal to the European Court of Human Rights .
There have been debates over banning the burka in France , Switzerland and Italy .
This week France ’s highest administrative body said a full burka ban , which is supported by all political parties , could violate the French constitution and European law .
Brussels has been linked to Islamic extremist terror operations a number of times since September 11 .
In 2003 , 18 men were convicted of involvement in a terror cell with links to Al Qaeda .
Microsoft will be holding its X10 event in San Francisco next month , the first ‘ X ’ event in the US in over three years .
Several big names fill what ’s shaping up to be quite a full slate of 360 goodness , including a first look at the latest efforts for a couple of mega - franchises .
The invite - only affair will include first looks into titles Fable III and Halo : Reach along with the upcoming Left 4 Dead 2 DLC .
A list of 2010 titles will also be featured including Alan Wake , Crackdown 2 , Splinter Cell : Conviction , Final Fantasy XIII and the recently revealed Xbox Game Room .
Natal will also be on display , allowing those lucky enough to attend ( and shortly after everyone else ) a more comprehensive look at Microsoft ’s in - progress “ controller - free gaming and entertainment experience . ”
The four hour event goes down February 11 at the Terra Event Center , anything especially awesome that emerges we ’ll be sure to post , post haste .
Aka , someone wanted a Hobbit Hole cake for their daughter ’s 11th birthday , and I had way , way too much fun with it .
The top layer ( aka Hobbit Hole ) was Vanilla butter cake filled with a layer of Apricot preserves and frosting .
The bottom layer was chocolate with strawberry filling ( local strawberries , frozen and saved from last summer ) .
The frosting was ‘ buttercreme ’ ( not real ) , because it holds up at room temp even when it ’s hot , and kids do n’t care .
And it ’s sweet .
The door , paving stones , and chimney stones are made from white chocolate ( colored ) , and everything else except Frodo and Bilbo are frosting .
Yes , I added an inscription in Elvish .
Because I could .
Would n’t you ?
The cake will fit in .
It ’s for a birthday party that ’s Hobbit - themed ( the party favors are copies of the book even ) .
The kid is a geek .
The parents are geeks .
They were thrilled when I dropped it off . 🙂
And , so you all can see how long it ’s been since I actually made flowers , a flower closeup ( do n’t take my Wilton license away ! ) :
Saudi - born militant Osama bin Laden talks at a news conference in Afghanistan in this May 26 , 1998 file photo .
A purported audio tape of bin Laden aired on Al Jazeera television claimed responsibility for a December 25 attempted bombing of a U.S. - bound plane , and the al Qaeda leader vowed to continue attacks on the United States .
REUTERS / Stringer / Files
DUBAI ( Reuters ) - A purported audio tape of Osama bin Laden aired on Al Jazeera television claimed responsibility for a December 25 attempted bombing of a U.S. - bound plane , and the al Qaeda leader vowed to continue attacks on the United States .
“ The message sent to you with the attempt by the hero Nigerian Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab is a confirmation of our previous message conveyed by the heroes of September 11 , ” bin Laden said on the tape , aired on Sunday .
“ If it was possible to carry our messages to you by words we would n’t have carried them to you by planes , ” bin Laden added in a message he said was directed “ from Osama to ( U.S. President Barack ) Obama . ”
The Yemen - based regional wing of al Qaeda has said it was behind the December 25 attempt to blow up the plane as it approached Detroit .
The botched attack and subsequent threats in Yemen prompted Sanaa to declare an open war on the global militant group within its territory .
Yemen has launched a series of air strikes targeting al Qaeda leaders since then and has declared that some top leaders including Qasim al - Raymi and Ayed al - Shabwani have been killed .
Al Qaeda denies this .
Defense and counterterrorism officials say Washington has been quietly supplying military equipment , intelligence and training to Yemen to destroy suspected al Qaeda hide - outs .
On Sunday ’s audiotape , bin Laden cited Washington ’s support for Israel as the motivator for more attacks on the United States , and vowed not to stop so long as Palestinians cannot live in peace .
“ Our attacks against you will continue as long as U.S. support for Israel continues , ” bin Laden said .
“ It is not fair that Americans should live in peace as long as our brothers in Gaza live in the worst conditions . ”
** We won the award for Excellence in Design at the IGF !
We also revealed the Unity version in public for the first time and got some great feedback .
**
Fight your way through a fantasy dungeon in 10 minutes or less
Classic roguelike play re-imagined as a single - screen puzzle game
Unlock loads of classes , races and challenge dungeons for awesome replayability
Online leaderboard allows you to compare yourself against other players
Deep , challenging , randomly - generated gameplay
Desktop Dungeons offers an unquestionably unique approach to roguelike games by taking compactness to the extreme .
It distills the entire genre to a few core ideas which pay homage to the greats while forging new ground with gameplay similar to that of Oasis or Tower of the Sorcerer .
It also features emergent complexity that rewards truly skilled and thoughtful players .
With an extensive character unlock system and an average play length of about ten minutes , Desktop Dungeons is a great coffee - break game for just about any player .
Downloads :
Desktop Dungeons v0.151 ( Windows , 4.3MB )
Desktop Dungeons v0.151 ( Mac , 12MB )
Once you ’ve got the game and have questions on strategies and the like , hit up the DD Wiki for enlightenment , or visit the DD discussion thread on the NAG forums to interact with other community members .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Williams has warned that it could be the Monaco Grand Prix before it makes significant gains , as it will not be introducing as major an upgrade for Spain as many of its rivals are expected to .
The first European race of the season at Catalunya in ten days ' time is set to see a huge number of new developments on the cars as teams make the most of being back on their home continent after four flyaway races , and of having a three - week break since Shanghai .
But Williams technical director Sam Michael said his team planned to bring its new parts later .
" We do have some stuff for Barcelona , and that 's a good step , but I think the bigger steps will come for Monaco and Istanbul , " he said .
Despite looking strong in the final pre-season tests Williams is currently only seventh in the constructors ' championship with Rubens Barrichello 's eighth place in Australia its best result of 2010 .
However Michael remains confident that the FW32 has good potential that just needs to be extracted .
" We 've made a lot of changes , so it 's taking time to get us a little bit more up to speed , " he said .
" We 've got a good development programme for the car and a lot of stuff coming through in the next couple of races - Monaco and Istanbul .
" We 'll just keep our head down and try and get that stuff on the car as quick as we can . "
HTTPS is the backbone of web security .
The protocol , which is also commonly known as the Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) , is what guarantees we can use the web to transmit sensitive information — financial , medical , or other — with relative confidence that it wo n't be intercepted or stolen .
EFF has been arguing for years that best practices demand that all sensitive data be sent exclusively over SSL .
Unfortunately , most major providers of web - based email and other sensitive web - based services do not even give their users the option of using SSL , let alone turn it on by default .
As a result , countless terabytes of sensitive data are transmitted over the Internet insecurely every day , greatly contributing to online fraud , data - theft and surveillance by authoritarian regimes .
Now , the Federal Trade Commission has officially put these companies on - notice .
In a speech before an FTC roundtable yesterday , outgoing FTC Commissioner Pamela Jones Harbour called on Web services services like Yahoo ! , Facebook and Hotmail to start using HTTPS / SSL encryption .
Google has recently shown leadership in this space , by enabling HTTPS for Gmail , as well as making it the default behavior so that even users who do n't understand security will be protected .
It 's time for other services ( including Google Search ! ) to catch up with Gmail .
As Commissioner Harbour put it :
These vulnerabilities are easily preventable .
Security needs to be a default in the cloud .
We could n't agree with her more .
The Government has rejected parliamentary proposals for tough new laws to stamp out the UK's involvement in the kidnap and unlawful transfer of terror suspects to third - party states .
The Justice Secretary , Jack Straw , has written to the chairman of an influential parliamentary committee refusing to accept recommendations to outlaw rendition .
The draft measures , drawn up by the All Party Parliamentary Group on Extraordinary Rendition ( APPG ) , are mostly targeted at the airline industry , but Mr Straw says that such proposals would be too " burdensome " and would impose disproportionate obligations on private companies .
In a letter obtained by this newspaper , Mr Straw told the group that the Government had concluded that the new laws " would not make any difference to the effectiveness of the law " to prevent rendition in the UK .
Ministers have been forced to address mounting evidence of the UK 's complicity in rendition and torture since the US - led war on terror .
But Mr Straw 's letter has prompted criticism of the Government 's handling of the issue and accusations that ministers want to avoid further controversy in the run-up to the general election .
Ministers have twice had to admit that Britain was involved in the rendition of two Iraqis to Afghanistan and two foreign nationals through the British territory of Diego Garcia .
The APPG has raised concerns over a Council of Europe report , written by Swiss senator Dick Marty , which described Prestwick Airport in Scotland as a " Category A " stopover facility for rendition flights , providing refuelling and support services .
Scotland Yard is also investigating allegations that officers from MI5 and MI6 have been complicit in the torture of British residents held by the US .
Andrew Tyrie , who was MP for Chichester between 1997 and 2010 and is chairman of the all - party group , described the Government 's response as " complacent " .
Speaking in his personal capacity , Mr Tyrie told The Independent : " His [ Jack Straw 's ] dismissal of these proposals reflects what we 've had from him and other ministers all along : prevarication and delay in getting to the truth where possible , laced with a good deal of complacency about the seriousness of allegations of kidnap and torture . "
Under the proposals , it would become an offence to use UK transport facilities for extraordinary rendition .
A failure by " controllers of transport " facilities in the UK to prevent the use of those facilities for extraordinary rendition would also constitute an offence .
The committee claims that their proposals would make prosecutions easier , deter the use of UK transport facilities for rendition and give the UK a chance to take the international lead in establishing " an effective prohibition against extraordinary rendition " .
The parliamentarians say that the failure of the existing law and policy on rendition is reflected in the two flights through the Indian Ocean island of Diego Garcia , the lack of adequate investigation or criminal charges , and the use of British airspace for rendition " circuit flights " , documented by the Council of Europe and others .
They claim that the steps taken by the Government to investigate these allegations have been inadequate .
By prohibiting the facilitation of extraordinary rendition and " rendition circuit flights " , the draft laws criminalise assistance provided by people in the UK to all rendition flights , including those without detainees on board , says the group , and establish that the UK cannot be involved in any way in extraordinary renditions .
Mr Tyrie added : " To secure closure on rendition we must have disclosure .
Jack Straw and his fellow ministers are now isolated in their opposition to a judge - led inquiry into all this .
Getting to the truth , and doing what is necessary to give the public confidence that the UK cannot so easily be caught up in such a programme in the future , are vital .
Jack Straw 's refusal to take even the simple and practical steps that have been proposed by the APPG tells its own story . "
The UK connection : Mohammed Madni
Former Guantanamo Bay inmate Mohammed Saad Iqbal Madni , 28 , claims Britain may have colluded with America in his rendition through the British territory of Diego Garcia .
Mr Madni alleges he was detained in Indonesia on 9 January 2002 and sent to Egypt , where he was tortured for three months .
He alleges he was beaten , electrocuted , denied medical treatment and hung from hooks .
His lawyers , legal charity Reprieve , cite " considerable circumstantial evidence " that the plane carrying Mr Madni from Indonesia to Egypt passed through the British territory of the Indian Ocean island of Diego Garcia .
In 2008 , the Government was forced to make an embarrassing admission after the US said it had used Diego Garcia for rendition flights .
Mr Madni has taken his case to the High Court in London where he has applied for permission to seek judicial review of the Government 's refusal to release documents which his lawyers say could support his case .
It is said that Mr Madni was detained at the request of the CIA after it said it had discovered a link to Richard Reid , the " shoe bomber " .
Belfast Telegraph
2020.06.28 Second Pick Chrono Genesis Claims
This Year 's Takarazuka Kinen in Sweeping Victory
AFTER media training from p.r. guru and crisis manager Michael Sheehan , Condé Nast CEO Charles
Townsend is trying to put a new face on his company , which shut down six magazines and slashed more than 350 jobs last year .
However , bitter recriminations continue to roil the company , particularly at Brides magazine , where sources say there has been friction between original Brides employees and a group of workers who were transferred from Cookie magazine when that title was shuttered last year .
Shortly before year - end , an employee at Brides was axed — apparently because of an incident related to her breast - augmentation surgery .
News of the ouster has been buzzing around the Condé Nast tower since employees returned from the holiday break .
According to the woman , who was tracked down by Media Ink but was reluctant to speak on the record because it might affect her ability to get a job , she spoke about her procedure to two female colleagues who asked to see the results .
The woman , who was having the conversation in her office , closed the door , and unbuttoned her blouse to reveal a sports bra .
“ It was within the confines of my office , behind closed doors , ” the ex-employeee said .
“ There was no nudity involved .
They were personal friends who I had known for years . ”
Nevertheless , word about what happened ricocheted around the office and one staffer quickly went to human resources , which informed the woman that same day that a complaint had been lodged .
“ [ Human resources ] told me they were going to investigate and that they would get back to me , ” she said .
Two days later , she said , HR brought her in and terminated her .
“ They said that based on additional information , which they did not share , that it was inappropriate and I was fired , ” she said .
“ I was in complete and utter shock . ”
Daniel Mareck , a lawyer at Little & Robinson who is representing the axed employee , said he found Condé ’s actions “ unbelieveable when you consider the kind of images that are in Condé Nast magazines . ”
He said his client “ showed someone her sports bra-covered breasts , and it was so offensive she was fired . ”
He said he has been in contact with Condé Nast attorney Jona than Glassman and is mul ling a suit .
“ They gave her no sev erance and are trying to deny her unemployment benefits , ” Mareck said .
Glassman did not re turn calls from Media Ink .
A Condé Nast spokeswoman said , “ We do n’t comment on personnel matters . ”
The flap comes as Townsend has apparently expanded his pitch about the new and more communicative Condé Nast .
The CEO made his presentations to combined editorial and business staffs of Vanity Fair and GQ on Wednesday and The New Yorker on Tuesday .
As the New York Observer reported earlier this week , Townsend already visited the company ’s back - office operations in Wilmington , Del. , before the holidays and has plans for a swing out West to talk to Architectural Digest and Wired employees .
Townsend is eventually expected to speak to every Condé Nast title .
According to one insider , Townsend did n’t take questions at any of this week ’s sessions .
Menu woes
First , they said goodbye to 100 people in the newsroom right before Christmas .
Now the survivors are getting food poisoning .
New York Times Publisher Arthur Sulzberger Jr. and President Janet Robinson were forced to shut down the New York Times cafeteria as a precaution after “ several Times Company employees have become ill with gastrointestinal symptoms over the past 24 hours , ” according to a memo they sent around yesterday .
By late yesterday , the company said the cafeteria would reopen today after sanitizing the kitchen , disposing of all prepared food and tossing all self - service food .
That means no bagel / toast area , and no soup and salad bar until next week .
The New York City Health Department and the catering company , Restaurant Associates , which also handles the Condé Nast cafeteria , are trying to find if the cause of the sickness is food - based or not .
Restaurant Associates is not expected to have the results of its tests back until Monday , and the health department wo n’t finish its tests until next week .
But on the bright side , the cafeteria lines will probably be short over the next few days .
keith.kelly@nypost.com
I never intended to become a communist .
Although the language and imagery of tired , fallen regimes was of interest to me throughout my time at university , where I studied art , I maintained an ironic , healthy distance from engagement with any form of political action .
Today , things are different .
Through entering the world of the market , a political consciousness has been pushed to the forefront of my brain ; it has developed not through ideological wishful thinking but through necessity and praxis .
And when reading articles such as Thierry Schaffauser 's , I 'm beginning to feel part of a wider movement .
The change started when a group of fellow students and I were assessing our options post - graduation .
We all wanted to carry on making art , but did n't yet feel ready to start another educational course .
To continue , we wanted what we had been provided with on our course – a studio space to make our work , and a shared space in which to show it .
Our options were limited – we were all in precarious work with short - term contracts , mainly in construction and maintenance or catering and service industries .
Studio spaces were expensive , with long waiting lists in London .
The gallery system of showing work consisted of spending a lot of time courting the market and dealers , and gave little space for experimentation .
And so we tried something else , together .
We pooled our resources to rent a cheap warehouse , and started meeting to decide on its use .
We make decisions as a group .
The labour is shared between all members , and it has stopped being just a gallery – we 've held meetings and talks , film nights and workshops and used it as a base for a community garden .
Art in itself is a vanity , but the learning process for me has become a political awakening as to what it really means to be " of the left " in Britain today .
Leftwing party politics appears to be a corpse – a few professional activists are trying to reanimate it , but its effect on people 's everyday lives is minimal .
Yet as I learned with our own co-operative , I started noticing grassroots projects organising along truly leftist principles all around me .
Community groups with horizontal power structures , grassroots unions , co-operative printing presses and bookshops , anti-poverty campaigns and myriad projects run by their workers or participants were brought to life .
Collective labour resulted in collective gain .
This stood in stark contrast to what I 'd perceived before .
I was used to the visible face of the left being totally irrelevant to my life .
I saw a movement led by academics who were more concerned with issues of media representation or their own romantic legacy of anti-imperialism than the everyday inequalities and injustices that people face because they 're poor .
I was n't interested in dubious alliances with patriarchal Islamist groups , identity chauvinism or " prolier - than - thou " slanging matches .
I was interested in changing the conditions of my everyday life .
Raoul Vaneigem wrote : " People who talk about revolution and class struggle without referring explicitly to everyday life … such people have a corpse in their mouth " .
He was remarkably prescient .
The collectives I saw around me were n't gorging on the dead , they were asking : " Who has control over my everyday life , and how do I get it back ? "
They were simply organising to take control of their lives themselves , directly and without forming new versions of the hierarchies they were attacking .
For them , it was " not a question of objectives , but tactics " .
The left needs to relearn from co-operatives that to regain their potential for innovative thought and to build a social movement , our politics need to be learned from action , and not from the imposition of academic thinking on to groups perfectly capable of representing themselves .
We refuse to accept that politics begins and ends at the ballot box .
It is not a specialised professional sphere , but a series of decisions about where power lies followed by actions to take it back .
Three - hundred - and - fifty years ago , Gerrard Winstanley wrote : " Action is the life of all , and if thou dost not act , thou dost nothing " .
These small groups seem to embody his spirit .
Communes ( as shown by the Tarnac 9 ) come into being when people find each other , get on with each other , and decide on a common path .
Why should n't communes proliferate everywhere ?
Communism no longer means red flags and symbolic marches .
It certainly does n't mean a party or a centralised state enslaving its people .
Today , it is what it was first intended as – working people organising democratically outside the specialised area allotted for politics by the state .
It means organising in our workplace , our community , even in our homes , in order to gain control over the decisions that influence our everyday lives .
It means those decisions being taken by all those whom they will affect , not just those with market power or the time and financial backing to climb the political hierarchy .
I have found myself an accidental communist .
• Huw Lemmey posts on Cif under the username of zounds .
This commission was suggested on a You tell us thread
This chandelier made out of tampons was made by artist Joana Vasconcelos in 2001 .
" The Bride " was displayed in 2005 at the Arsenale , a museum in Venice , as part the Venice Biennale , a major art exhibition that occurs every two years .
Link via GearFuse | Artist 's Website | Photo : Fashion Indie
Our overall featured product .
King Robert's Warhammer
This is a second edition rerelease of one of our most popular book licensed products .
George R.R. Martin 's favorite of our book products , he even sent one to Mark Addy ( who played Robert Baratheon ) .
Basically a ten pound sledge hammer with spikes , this enormous meat tenderizer is also one of the most dangerous things we have made .
The spikes will go through a car door , and there is enough weight behind it that merely dropping it on your foot could be disastrous .
Exercise extreme caution when handling it and like all our products this is for adults only , meant only for display , and should be kept away from children .
In 76 regions of Russia people went to voting stations on March 14 to cast their votes for local mayors and regional legislature representatives .
The ruling party “ United Russia ” has won in most of those elections .
However , the victory of the party in power was n't absolute : in Irkutsk people preferred opposition candidate Viktor Kondrashov but this was the only case .
Despite the increasing wave of protests ( like in Irkutsk [ RUS ] itself , Kaliningrad , Moscow and others ) , “ United Russia ” managed to keep its dominance in all Russian regional legislatures as well as city administration offices .
One of the secrets of such “ political stability ” ( besides state - controlled mass media ) is a range of alleged numerous fraud techniques used both by party members and public officials during the elections .
These elections were the first to show the power of Web 2.0. in uncovering them .
Bloggers gathered evidence of fraud with their cell phone cameras and published them online .
Particularly members of the election observer association “ Golos ” [ EN ] ( “ A Voice ” ) were quite active in promoting election transparency and exposing fraud .
The association installed a fraud hotline website “ 88003333350.ru ” where everyone could post a fraud report .
So far , 561 fraud cases have been noted .
Telephone Voting , Yekaterinburg , Sverdlovsk region
Blogger leonwolf made a capture of the local TV programme where a head of the regional election committee was inviting people to vote by using a phone line and without signing any papers ( which is illegal ) .
“ You can just call , tell your passport details and if they match those in the database your vote will be counted , ” the head of election committee said on TV .
Protocol Rewriting , Stanitsa Dinskaya , Krasnodar region .
Russian oppositional newspaper Novaya Gazeta posted a video [ RUS ] , where an employee of the local election committee was allegedly rewriting the election protocol ( a document presenting the final result of the election ) .
Vote For Relatives , Yekaterinburg
In the video below two women confess they were brought to the election station to vote for their parents ( probably unable to get to the election station by themselves ) .
Such procedure is legal if a person possesses an absentee ballot .
But these two women , as well as the whole bus ( can be seen on the background ) of their “ colleagues , ” do not have it .
And still they 're allowed to vote .
Not to mention that their transfer was paid by the regional government , as well as a sightseeing excursion after the election .
Mass Preliminary Vote , Ivanovo
The most popular fraud technique is a directed at a preliminary vote .
It 's been practiced among soldiers , policemen and sometimes students .
In other words , regional authorities try to mobilize as many people as they can , especially if they have channels of pressure .
For students such channel of pressure are various : grades , scholarships , ability to passing an exams , etc .
Blogger vitaliy - averin posted this video to illustrate such event :
This video shows a woman checking the absence of students , while these pictures depict a huge crowd at the college hall .
Ballot Insertion , Astrakhan
The video captures two people putting packs of ballots into the ballot box .
All these cases represent current situation with the Russian electoral system .
The dominance of the ruling party is based on numerous illegal actions that result in the “ expected ” election results .
At the same time , it shows the weakness of the political system that fails to conduct its political course without such anti-democratic and unlawful measures .
But as the bloggers become more and more powerful and as the evidence of the fraud is being more efficiently distributed among Russian netizens , the government 's failure to provide free and fair elections can become a real , not virtual , problem .
connecting lines .
Two spin networks would not join smoothly similar to the impossibility of covering a curved space by a patchwork of small , flat spaces .
This is taken to mean that the overall space is curved , or to put it another way , the very fact of this failure to join is the curvature of space .
In the limit , when the number of spinors becomes infinite ; a continuous picture of space arise .
Even though this is a provocative concept , but in the end it is not useful for the unification of quantum theory with geometry .
The space created is incomplete , it is static and nonrelativistic , and it contains no sense of distance or of separation .
However , the idea of spin network has now become a key concept in loop quantum theory .
A sequel for last year 's breakout DS hit Scribblenauts graces the cover of the latest Nintendo power , promising a look at what 5th Cell has in mind .
Advertisement
Scribblenauts 2 will add 10,000 more words , with adjectives playing a big role in what you summon ( " Super Einstein ? " " Electric Werewolf ? "
Not saying that 's confirmed for the game , but man is it fun to speculate . )
It 'll deliver 120 new levels , a level editor , a new hint system , and improved controls .
What else , anything else ?
Oh yeah , it comes out in the fall .
Advertisement
[ via GoNintendo ]
- video encodings still in process -
Scuba Diving in a flooded park .
Known as Grüner See or Green Lake .
It is flooded several months out of the year from melting snow .
Spring flowers , benches , hiking trails ..... all below the surface appear to be frozen in time .
[ Haskell - cafe ] ANN : CPSA - Cryptographic Protocol Shapes Analyzer
The Cryptographic Protocol Shapes Analyzer ( CPSA ) has been released on Hackage at < http://hackage.haskell.org/package/cpsa>.
CPSA attempts to enumerate all essentially different executions possible for a cryptographic protocol .
We call them the shapes of the protocol .
Naturally occurring protocols have only finitely many , indeed very few shapes .
Authentication and secrecy properties are easy to determine from them , as are attacks and anomalies .
For each input problem , the CPSA program is given some initial behavior , and it descovers what shapes are compatible with it .
Normally , the initial behavior is from the point of view of one participant .
The analysis reveals what the other participants must have done , given the participant 's view .
We are working towards a version of CPSA with the property that whenever it successfully terminates , every possible execution is described by its output .
However , the current implementation occasionally fails to find some executions .
The package contains a set of programs used to perform and display the analysis .
Program documentation is in the doc directory in the source distribution , and installed in the package 's data directory .
You can locate the package 's data directory by searching for the file cpsauser.
html .
New users should study the documentation and the sample inputs in the data directory .
The theory and algorithm used by CPSA was developed with the help of Joshua D. Guttman , John D. Ramsdell , Jon C. Herzog , Shaddin F. Doghmi , F. Javier Thayer , and Paul D. Rowe .
John D. Ramsdell implemented the algorithm in Haskell .
WOM / 1792
Commission on the Status of Women
Fifty - fourth Session
19th & 20th Meetings ( AM & PM )
Other Texts Concern United Nations Gender Entity , Hostage Taking , Maternal Mortality , Female Genital Mutilation , HIV / AIDS , Women 's Economic Empowerment
The Commission on the Status of Women concluded its fifty - fourth session today with the adoption of six resolutions on a range of issues concerning gender equality and women 's empowerment , and the approval of one text , by recorded vote , on Palestinian women , to be sent to the Economic and Social Council for adoption .
The Commission also adopted the draft report of its current session , as well as the provisional agenda of its fifty - fifth session .
By a recorded vote of 31 in favour to 2 against ( Israel , United States ) , with 10 abstentions ( Belgium , Cameroon , Colombia , Germany , Italy , Japan , Republic of Korea , Spain , Sweden , Togo ) , the Commission approved the draft on the situation of and assistance to Palestinian women .
( See annex for details of the vote . )
By its terms , the Commission , deploring the economic and social conditions of Palestinian women and girls in the Occupied Palestinian Territory , would have the Economic and Social Council demand that Israel comply fully with the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , among other treaties .
The Council would call on Israel to facilitate the return of all displaced Palestinian women to their homes , and on the global community to continue to provide urgently needed assistance .
The Secretary - General would be requested to continue to review the situation and assist Palestinian women by all available means .
Speaking after the vote , the representative of the Permanent Observer Mission of Palestine expressed her gratitude to all States that had supported the text .
Resolutions remained necessary in light of Israel 's grave human rights violations in the Occupied Palestinian Territory .
She looked forward to a day when Palestine did not have to put forward resolutions , but , until then , her delegation would look to the United Nations to help protect those most in need .
Speaking before the vote , Israel 's delegate expressed dismay at the resolution 's consideration .
Rather than address the countless issues women faced , the Commission had been forced to consider a resolution of those who wished to impose their agenda .
The text chose to politically scapegoat Israel and failed to mention the deteriorating situation of women as result of terrorist policies by Hamas .
She urged standing firmly against consideration of such texts in future .
Turning to women in armed conflict , the Commission , by a consensus text on therelease of women and children taken hostage , including those subsequently imprisoned , in armed conflicts , reaffirmed that hostage - taking was an illegal act aimed at destroying human rights , and condemned all violent acts committed against civilians , in violation of international humanitarian law , in situations of armed conflict .
In other terms , the Commission called for an effective response to such acts , particularly the immediate release of women and children hostages , including those subsequently imprisoned , in armed conflicts , by strengthening international cooperation .
Further , it requested the Secretary - General to ensure the widest possible dissemination of relevant material , particularly relating to Security Council resolution 1325 ( 2000 ) , on women , peace and security .
By an orally revised consensus text on eliminating maternal mortality and morbidity through the empowerment of women , the Commission urged global and national leaders to generate the political will , resources , commitment , cooperation and technical assistance urgently required to reduce that phenomenon , and improve maternal and newborn health .
It called on States to address gender inequalities and harmful traditional practices , and further , to integrate HIV / AIDS interventions into programmes for primary health , sexual and reproductive health , and mother and child health .
The more serious debate about Obama is being conducted by neutral or sympathetic observers .
There are many hypotheses .
In Newsweek , Jon Meacham has written about an “ inspiration gap . ”
He sees the professorial president as “ sometimes seeming to be running the Brookings Institution , not the country . ”
In The New Yorker , Ken Auletta has raised the perils of Obama ’s overexposure in our fractionalized media .
( As if to prove the point , the president was scheduled to appear on Fox ’s “ America ’s Most Wanted ” to celebrate its 1,000th episode this weekend . )
In the Beltway , the hottest conversations center on the competence of Obama ’s team .
Washington
Post columnists are now dueling over whether Rahm Emanuel is an underutilized genius whose political savvy the president has foolishly ignored  or a bull in the capital china shop who should be replaced before he brings Obama down .
But the buck stops with the president , not his chief of staff .
And if there ’s one note that runs through many of the theories as to why Obama has disappointed in Year One , it cuts to the heart of what had been his major strength : his ability to communicate a compelling narrative .
In the campaign , that narrative , of change and hope , was powerful  both about his own youth , biography and talent , and about a country that had gone wildly off track during the failed presidency of his predecessor .
In governing , Obama has yet to find a theme that is remotely as arresting to the majority of Americans who still like him and are desperate for him to succeed .
Image Frank Rich Credit ...
Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
The problem is not necessarily that Obama is trying to do too much , but that there is no consistent , clear message to unite all that he is trying to do .
He has variously argued that health care reform is a moral imperative to protect the uninsured , a long - term fiscal fix for the American economy and an attempt to curb insurers ’ abuses .
It may be all of these , but between the multitude of motives and the blurriness ( until now ) of Obama ’s own specific must - have provisions , the bill became a mash - up that baffled or defeated those Americans on his side and was easily caricatured as a big - government catastrophe by his adversaries .
Obama prides himself on not being ideological or partisan  of following , as he put it in his first prime - time presidential press conference , a “ pragmatic agenda . ”
But pragmatism is about process , not principle .
Pragmatism is hardly a rallying cry for a nation in this much distress , and it ’s not a credible or attainable goal in a Washington as dysfunctional as the one Americans watch in real time on cable .
Yes , the Bush administration was incompetent , but we need more than a brilliant mediator , manager or technocrat to move us beyond the wreckage it left behind .
To galvanize the nation , Obama needs to articulate a substantive belief system that ’s built from his bedrock convictions .
His presidency cannot be about the cool equanimity and intellectual command of his management style .
That he has n’t done so can be attributed to his ingrained distrust of appearing partisan or , worse , a knee - jerk “ liberal . ”
That is admirable in intellectual theory , but without a powerful vision to knit together his vision of America ’s future , he comes off as a doctrinaire Democrat anyway .
His domestic policies , whether on climate change or health care or regulatory reform , are reduced to items on a standard liberal wish list .
If F.D.R. or Reagan could distill , coin and convey a credo “ nonideological ” enough to serve as an umbrella for all their goals and to attract lasting majority coalitions of disparate American constituencies , so can this gifted president .
He cannot wait much longer .
The rise in credit - card rates , as well as the drop in consumer confidence , home sales and bank lending , all foretell more suffering ahead for those who do n’t work on Wall Street .
But on these issues the president , too timid to confront the financial industry backers of his own campaign ( or their tribunes in his own administration ) and too fearful of sounding like a vulgar partisan populist , has taken to repeating his health care performance .
My kid brother recently had his new girlfriend over for dinner .
My brother is not so much a ladies ' man as he is a complete nerd , so this was a big deal .
Coming from a small Texas suburb and being the only Asians within a ten mile radius , my family had given up on the dream of him bringing home a nice , Chinese girl .
Before the girlfriend arrived , my mom took me
And the TV was a Toshiba .
But I digress .
Our earlier generations always seem to get away with bigoted comments with a slight roll of the eyes and the excuse that they “ come from a different time ” .
I once worked with a guy named Billy who casually used the most appalling slurs .
Yes , he even used the N word , and not even with an - a at the end .
My coworkers chalk
So here are a few rules : - It ’s ok to make fun of your own race .
If you ’re Black , you can make jokes about Black stereotypes .
If you ’re Asian , you can make jokes about Asians .
And typically , all minorities have a little bit of leeway in making fun of the other ones .
- Everyone is allowed to make fun of White people .
I know it ’s not fair , but that ’s how it g
That should just about cover the basics on how to avoid racism in the twenty - first century .
I ’m sensitive to the fact that our parents and grandparents come from a time where Civil Rights were n’t as evolved .
But that time has been over for quite a while .
There ’s no excuse for discriminating anymore .
It just gets to me how old people can be so stupid .
They really
Changes impacting storage are taking place at every layer of the network architecture : Disk drives are continuing on a Moore ’s law - like cost / capacity curve , yet concurrently we are also seeing the growth of solid - state technology to overcome the inherent performance limitations of mechanical disk ; virtualization is changing how architects think about storage , as we now have operating systems running entirely in user space within a virtual machine ; and applications are choosing HTTP over FC as the preferred storage protocol .
Given the changes taking place today , emerging file systems are employing new methods to address scalability , parallelism and new workload types .
While these changes are impacting storage and it is extremely important to understand where we are today , storage administrators also need to look forward to prepare for future changes .
Consider this : Storage capacity is increasing by 40 percent every year , and while 2 - TB disk drives are a commodity today , their performance characteristics — such as seek time and reliability — have not improved proportionately .
Solid state drives will address this , revolutionizing storage within a few years ; therefore , file systems will need to support hybrid environments .
The Network Layer
In the network layer , a few critical shifts have taken place that are relevant to this discussion .
IDE and SCSI have merged into SAS , crossing the 6 - Gbps threshold .
Infiniband and 10 GbE have improved network I/O over 100 times via Remote Direct Memory Access ( RDMA ) and TCP offload engines , and iSCSI is replacing FC SAN ( Fibre Channel storage area network ) .
Unlike traditional applications that use protocols such as NFS and CIFS , Internet scale applications naturally use HTTP(s ) to access geographically distributed storage .
Compounding the capacity and network layer issues is that at the API layer , we still have the 30 - year - old POSIX API designed for disk file systems .
Its strength as a standard is also its weakness , as innovation is being held back by the requirement to support it .
Strengthening this claim and illustrating the obvious need for innovation , note that application developers require new API standards for object storage and key - value pair access to data .
Features such as volume - management , global namespace , compression , encryption , clone / snapshot , de-duplication , RAID and remote site replication should be the responsibility of the file system .
Primarily due to the evolutionary design of Linux , these features , however , are implemented outside the filesystem , making them inefficient and complicated .
The Kernel Space vs. User Space Debate
The long - running kernel space versus user space debate centered on performance concerns that are no longer valid .
Context switches are no longer an issue because latency in other parts of the stack and in the network are the limiting factors .
Emerging file systems implemented in user space should be taken seriously .
Low level components like device drivers and the disk file system should reside inside the kernel , but it is time to implement the bulk of the code in user space .
For example , scalable implementations such as Hadoop and GlusterFS are entirely in user space .
The Filesystem in User space ( FUSE ) interface enables these scalable implementations and the existence of over 100 FUSE - based file systems , both serious and fun , demonstrates the validity .
What ’s Changing and What ’s New
File Systems for Direct Attached Storage ( DAS ) .
The Linux file system of choice is Ext3 as it is by far the most stable option .
However , it is now worth considering Ext4 ( with kernel v2.6.31 or higher ) because it addresses limitations such as file and directory size limits , extent based allocation for efficiently storing large files , fast fsck ( file system check ) and journal check - summing .
However , Ext4 is only a stop - gap solution .
The Linux community would welcome ZFS support for Linux , and Btrfs ( B - tree filesystem ) brings ZFS - like capabilities to the Linux kernel .
Btrfs is more than just a disk filesystem as it manages software raid , volume management , cloning / snapshotting and compression , and it allows volumes to grow or shrink dynamically across multiple disks .
RAID 1+0 ( or10 ) is a mirrored data set currently supported with RAID5 / 6 parity protection in development .
Btrfs RAID can rebuild from a failed array faster than hardware RAID controllers since it only re-stripes used data blocks , and snapshots takes less space and time compared to device - mapper snapshots .
Btrfs is positioned to replace Ext4 as the default filesystem for Linux .
Chris Mason from Oracle is the primary contributor to this project , and its development is independent from ZFS .
The Linux file system of choice is Ext3 as it is by far the most stable option .
However , it is now worth considering Ext4 ( with kernel v2.6.31 or higher ) because it addresses limitations such as file and directory size limits , extent based allocation for efficiently storing large files , fast fsck ( file system check ) and journal check - summing .
However , Ext4 is only a stop - gap solution .
Network File Systems .
Introduced in 1995 , NFSv3 is by far the most widely adopted NAS protocol , supported by all server operating systems ( except Microsoft Windows ) and storage vendors .
In 2000 , NFSv4 introduced incremental enhancements but did not achieve widespread adoption .
Things should be very different for NFSv4.1 ( pNFS ) as it brings a much needed parallel I/O architecture and also adds RDMA support for low - latency high - bandwidth I/O .
This is a major advancement for NFS , allowing users to move to a scale - out architecture .
It ’s design , however , is based on a centralized metadata server that can limit scalability and potentially be a single point of failure .
Mainstream adoption is still a few years out , but in the interim there are options that address the scalability issues of NFSv 3 / 4 .
By integrating NFS on top of a proven clustered file system with virtual - IPs and round - robin DNS techniques , one can build a scalable NAS solution .
Examples include Oracle Lustre , IBM GPFS , and GlusterFS .
Additionally , Isilon and Panasas have proprietary server side implementations , but the approach is similar .
Samba also deserves a brief mention , as Version 4 is a major rewrite with full Active Directory domain controller capability , and a less chatty SMB2 protocol compared to v3 .
Version 4 is currently in alpha , but will scale across multiple servers using a clustered file system backend and virtual IP / DNS techniques .
Introduced in 1995 , NFSv3 is by far the most widely adopted NAS protocol , supported by all server operating systems ( except Microsoft Windows ) and storage vendors .
In 2000 , NFSv4 introduced incremental enhancements but did not achieve widespread adoption .
Things should be very different for NFSv4.1 ( pNFS ) as it brings a much needed parallel I/O architecture and also adds RDMA support for low - latency high - bandwidth I/O. Clustered / Distributed File Systems .
Clustered or distributed file systems bring a global namespace spanning multiple storage servers , intelligently spreading I/O and data to overcome the scalability limitations of NFS ( and CIFS ) .
Vendors implemented their own internal protocols ; however , this is transparent to applications as shared storage is accessed via a standard POSIX interface and volumes appear as large shared storage .
Again Lustre , GPFS and GlusterFS are a few examples .
The main architectural difference between these is how metadata is handled .
Lustre uses a centralized metadata server , GPFS has a distributed metadata server model , and GlusterFS uses a no-metadata model .
Understanding how metadata is handled is a key criterion in decision - making when selecting a clustered file system , but that is the subject of a different article .
Another difference is Lustre and GPFS are implemented in the kernel , while GlusterFS is in user space .
These examples implement the key storage stack features mentioned earlier within the file system section above .
All of these file systems scale to multiple petabytes .
Clustered or distributed file systems bring a global namespace spanning multiple storage servers , intelligently spreading I/O and data to overcome the scalability limitations of NFS ( and CIFS ) .
Vendors implemented their own internal protocols ; however , this is transparent to applications as shared storage is accessed via a standard POSIX interface and volumes appear as large shared storage .
Distributed Object Storage / Key - Value Pair .
Many modern applications require simple object API access to storage such as get / put , get / put property , lock / unlock and perhaps a few more APIs .
Object access allows memory and disk to be treated as persistent blocks of information via serialization .
Most data processing functionality ( i.e. XML parsing , hash table , text search , etc. ) has moved to higher level application libraries .
Object storage APIs are also suitable for building “ NoSQL ” scalable databases .
There is no standard for object storage access today , although WebDAV , Hadoop , Apache Cassandra , and Amazon proprietary S3 follow the model .
These are good options if building a new application , but until standardization occurs , POSIX APIs will be a necessary evil and a multiprotocol approach is the way to go .
Summing Up
Data storage is expected to grow to over 1,800 exabytes by 2012 .
To prepare for this massive growth , the key challenges that any organization will need to address are scalability , parallelism , and ensuring the ability to run new workload types .
Emerging Linux file system technologies are worth serious consideration , as they are positioned to solve these issues while at the same time commoditizing and transforming the storage market .
is CTO and cofounder of Gluster , which provides an open source clustered file system that runs on commodity off - the - shelf hardware .
FEBRUARY 22-- The overwhelming majority of New Jersey state employees are courteous , hard - working individuals eager to aid the public for whom they work .
And then there is the small number of toll collectors employed by the New Jersey Turnpike Authority who regularly go rogue on motorists .
On these pages you 'll find an entertaining selection of complaint letters sent to turnpike officials by motorists who ran into assorted trouble when trying to pay their way on the Garden State Parkway or the New Jersey Turnpike .
More than 550 letters -- covering the past 18 months and addressing a variety of types of complaints -- were released after TSG filed a Freedom of Information request with the state authority .
Toll collectors ( " T/ C " ) , it seems , can be set off by a variety of slights , from the provision of change by a motorist to a patron 's demand for a receipt .
As a result , threats of violence , vulgarity , and racial slurs have allegedly been directed at drivers ( but only on occasion , of course , since most toll takers are of a sunny disposition , as most motorists can attest ) .
And then there are the booth inhabitants who woo female motorists with sexy talk about strip searches and flashing .
While it has been more than five years since we last examined the reported shortcomings of some Jersey toll collectors , one thing has remained constant :
No motorist should pay the toll with pennies and expect to drive away unscathed .
( 30 pages )
Editor 's Note :
The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York .
VBS.TV is broadband television network of VICE .
The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process .
We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers .
Brooklyn , New York ( VBS.TV ) --
For the launch of VICE magazine in Mexico , we decided to make an entire issue about Mexico , written entirely by Mexicans .
At the same time , we came up with the idea of producing a parallel version of that issue in video for VBS.TV and populate our site with documentaries about Mexico , local artists , local musicians and beautiful Mexican girls for the entire month .
Since then , we repeated the same concept when we launched the magazine in Brazil , and we produced an entire month of content about China during the Olympics .
Producer Santiago Stelley and I spent a few weeks in Mexico City producing an hour - long documentary about nighttime crime photographers , interviewing some of the best bands and artists in the city and shooting a project about B movies inspired by the lives of drug traffickers .
A couple of days before Mother 's Day , I got to spend a few days at an amazing place called Casa Xochiquetzal ( The House of the Beautiful Flowers ) , a retirement home for older prostitutes in Tepito , one of the sketchiest neighborhoods in the city .
I went there with Guillermo Rivero , who wrote the print version of the article , and I produced the documentary version of the same story .
The house has a minimum age requirement of 60 and can accommodate up to 45 women .
Right now , there are only 23 retired ladies of the night living there .
The majority of them continue working , because there are still people who want to pay to have sex with them .
See the rest of House of the Setting Sun at VBS.TV
We had the opportunity to meet some of the women that live there , such as 86 - year - old Reyna , who sang for us and told us stories of her youth , and Lourdes , a childless widow in her 60s who is still turning tricks .
We met Canela , a woman in her 80s who was soft spoken and looked incredibly tired .
She had stopped working just a few years ago and now sells candies for a living .
Finally , we spent some time with Paola , a 61 - year - old who is still a sex worker and hopes to continue working for as many years as she can .
We ended up spending Mother 's Day with them at what was perhaps the most bittersweet party I 've attended .
The women were dancing and eating and drinking punch together , they joked around and seemed to be having a great time .
But at some point , Paola started talking to me about her sons , whom she has n't seen in years and never really visit her .
She also talked about the kids of many of the other women in the house -- none of them present at this party -- to celebrate motherhood .
Most of these women actually ended up becoming prostitutes to support their children as their only means of survival .
I think the work that this house and its director Rosalba Rios do -- as weird and unusual as it may seem -- is incredibly valuable .
Spending Mother 's
Day with these brave women forever changed they way l look at prostitution and without a doubt has been one of the most intense parties I 've ever attended .
LONDON ( Morning Star ) – A hundred years have passed since the International Women ’s Day was first conceived – which makes Monday especially important .
Over the last 10 to 15 years many thousands of women worldwide have begun to recognize and celebrate the day .
But it is unfortunate that that its origins are not more widely known given its truly inspirational history .
Many claims have been made about the day ’s origins , but most reputable sources agree that 1910 marks its establishment as an international day of sisterhood and solidarity for working women .
It is time to put the record straight if for no other reason that that the inheritors of the internationalist tradition laid in the 19th and 20th centuries – working - class , trade union and socialist women today – must reclaim our own history , study it , celebrate it and be inspired by it .
International Women ’s
Day grew from two sources – the struggle of working - class women to form trade unions and the fight for women ’s right to vote .
These issues united European women with their sisters in the United States .
In 1908 hundreds of women workers in the New York needle trades demonstrated in Rutgers Square in Manhattan ’s Lower East Side to form their own union and demand the vote .
This historic demonstration took place on March 8 .
It led in the following year to an “ uprising ” of 30,000 women shirtwaist - makers which resulted in the first permanent trade unions for U.S. women workers .
News of the heroic fight by U.S. women workers reached Europe .
In particular it inspired European socialist women who had established the International Socialist Women ’s Conference on the initiative of German socialist feminist Clara Zetkin ( 1857-1933 ) .
This met for the first time in 1907 in Stuttgart alongside one of the periodic conferences of the Second International ( 1889 - 1914 ) .
Three years later in 1910 Zetkin put forward a motion to the Copenhagen Conference of the Second International .
“ The socialist women of all countries will hold each year a women ’s day , whose foremost purpose it must be to aid the attainment of women ’s suffrage .
This demand must be handled in conjunction with the entire women ’s question according to socialist precepts .
The women ’s day must have an international character and is to be prepared carefully . ”
Zetkin ’s motion was carried .
March 8 was favored although no formal date was set .
International Women ’s Day was marked by rallies and demonstrations in the US and many European countries in the years leading to World War I , albeit on different days each year – for example March 18 in 1911 in Austria - Hungary , Germany , Denmark and Switzerland and the last Sunday in February in the US .
Zetkin , who was editor of Gleicheit ( Equality ) , and Sylvia Pankhurst , editor of Women ’s Dreadnought , saw that the struggle for women ’s rights and women ’s liberation was firmly tied into the struggle for socialism .
However , this did not mean that they were content to wait for the revolution before campaigning for working women .
Both thought that socialism would be impossible to achieve without the active involvement of women .
“ Just as the male worker is subjugated by the capitalist , so is the woman by the man , and she will always remain in subjugation until she is economically independent .
Work is the indispensable condition for economic independence , ” wrote Zetkin .
In 1917 in Russia International Women ’s Day acquired greater significance – it became the flashpoint for the Russian Revolution .
On March 8 women workers in Petrograd held a massive strike and demonstration demanding Peace and Bread .
The strike movement spread from factory to factory and effectively became an insurrection .
In 1922 , in honor of the women ’s role in 1917 , Lenin declared that March 8 should be designated officially as women ’s day .
Much later it became a national holiday in the Soviet Union and most of the former socialist countries .
The cold war may explain why it was that a public holiday celebrated by communists was largely ignored in the West despite the fact that in 1975 – International Women ’s Year – the United Nations recognized the day .
Today we acknowledge that International Women ’s Day gives us an opportunity to draw attention to our own unfulfilled struggles for women ’s rights , to link this with women ’s struggles worldwide and to demonstrate international sisterly solidarity with working women everywhere .
Yet there is a danger that the socialist feminist origins of the day are being forgotten in the welter of “ fun ” events that have been organized in many cities worldwide .
We must not allow this to happen .
There is nothing wrong with women enjoying themselves , but we should also use the occasion to campaign for our current demands , supported by many trade unions , in the Charter for Women .
Professor Mary Davis chairs the TUC Women ’s Conference which takes place in Eastbourne from Wednesday to Friday .
Read the Morning Star for reports .
Read more about the Charter for Women at www.charterforwomen.org.uk
Photo : International Women ’s Day in Barcelona , Spain 2009 Mutari / http://search.creativecommons.org/?q=International+Women%27s+Day&sourceid=Mozilla-search#
WRONG QUESTION , RIGHT ANSWER ….
President Obama sat down with ABC News ’ George Stephanopoulos for an exclusive interview in Prague yesterday , on the heels of the president signing in a new arms treaty with Russia .
The interview , portions of which were aired this morning on “ Good Morning America , ” covered quite a bit of ground , and the transcript is well worth reading for thoughts on Iran , among other things .
There was , however , one exchange that stood out for me .
STEPHANOPOULOS
: I want to get to some of those broader issues [ of nuclear proliferation ] .
Because you ’re also facing criticism on that .
Sarah Palin , taking aim at your decision to restrict the use of nuclear weapons .
Your pledge not to strike nations , non-nuclear nations , who abide by the nonproliferation treaty .
Here ’s what she said .
She said , “ It ’s unbelievable , no other administration would do it . ”
And then she likened it to kids on the playground .
She said you ’re like a kid who says , “ Punch me in the face , and I ’m not going to retaliate . ”
Your response ?
OBAMA : I really have no response .
Because last I checked , Sarah Palin ’s not much of an expert on nuclear issues .
STEPHANOPOULOS :
But the string of criticism has been out there among other Republicans as well .
They think you ’re restricting use of nuclear weapons too much .
OBAMA : And what I would say to them is that if the secretary of defense and the chairman of the Joints Chiefs of Staff are comfortable with it , I ’m probably going to take my advice from them and not from Sarah Palin .
STEPHANOPOULOS : But not concerned about her criticisms ?
OBAMA : No .
The president ’s response was the right one .
When dealing with issues of counter - proliferation and the nuclear threats of the 21st century , he can listen to credible and knowledgeable experts , including his secretary of defense and the chairman of the Joints Chiefs of Staff , or he can listen to the bizarre rhetoric of a dimwitted former half - term governor of a small state , who appears to have no working knowledge of this or any other subject .
It ’s not a tough call .
Why on earth would anyone give a damn what the clownish Sarah Palin thinks about arms control ?
Which leads to the larger point : why is George Stephanopoulos using an idiotic quote from a dimwitted former half - term governor of a small state as the basis for a question to the president ?
In effect , the “ GMA ” host was saying , “ Some conspicuously unintelligent right - wing media personality said something stupid about a subject she knows nothing about .
Mr. President , how do you respond ? ”
Here ’s a thought : why should he be expected to respond ?
When doing an interview after a key development on international affairs , why not stick to the perspectives of grown - ups ?
Update : Stephanopoulos responds to my concerns ( and I respond to his response ) .
Of the fifteen states of the former Soviet empire , Turkmenistan , just north of Iran , is the one that has turned out to be a cruel blend of Kim Jong Il ’s North Korea and L. Frank Baum ’s Oz .
Not long after the Soviet collapse , in 1991 , a former Communist Party hack named Saparmurat Niyazov became President - for - life , dubbed himself Turkmenbashi — Leader of All the Turkmen — and commenced building the strangest , most tragicomic cult of personality on the Eurasian landmass .
Doctors there now take an oath not to Hippocrates but to Turkmenbashi ; the month of January is now called Turkmenbashi ; and in the capital , Ashgabat , there is , atop the Arch of Neutrality , a two - hundred - and - fifty - foot gold statue of Turkmenbashi that , like George Hamilton , automatically rotates to face the sun .
It is extremely difficult to get a visa .
Journalists can visit only rarely .
But imagine a society in which the ubiquitous , inescapable leader ’s image ( on the currency , on billboards , on television screens night and day ) is that of a saturnine frump who resembles Ernest Borgnine somewhere between “ Marty ” and “ McHale ’s Navy . ”
Niyazov is a leader of whims .
He has banned opera , ballet , beards , long hair , makeup ( for television anchors ) , and gold - capped teeth .
He demands that drivers pass a “ morality test . ”
At his command , the word for “ April ” became Gurbansoltan eje , the name of his late mother .
Evidently , he prizes fruit : there is now a national holiday commemorating local melons .
And , as if the shade of Orwell were not sufficiently present in Turkmenistan , Niyazov has established , despite an abysmal human - rights record , a Ministry of Fairness .
Rahim Esenov , a veteran of the Second World War , is unlucky enough to be a novelist and journalist under the reign of Turkmenbashi , and in February , 2004 , he was placed under house arrest by the Turkmen security police .
He was accused of smuggling eight hundred copies of his novel “ The Crowned Wanderer ” from Moscow to his apartment in Ashgabat .
When the novel , which is set in the Mogul era , was first published , in 1997 , Niyazov denounced Esenov for “ historical errors . ”
After suffering a second heart attack , Esenov , who is seventy - nine , was taken to the hospital , but three days later he was removed for interrogation .
The security police charged him with “ inciting social , national , and religious hatred . ”
And Esenov had undoubtedly given further offense to the regime by sending periodic reports to the U.S. - funded Radio Liberty .
Esenov had every reason to believe that , like so many other members of the Turkmen intelligentsia , he would suffer for a long time .
But when PEN American Center , the writers ’ organization , sent word , through the American Embassy in Ashgabad , that Esenov had won its Freedom to Write Award and invited him to its annual dinner in New York , the regime , sensing an international scandal , relented and let him go .
A day after leaving Turkmen airspace , Esenov found himself in the most surreal of all New York venues––under the ninety - four - foot - long blue whale in the Museum of Natural History ’s Milstein Hall of Ocean Life– –where more than six hundred formally garbed members of PEN rose to cheer him .
“ The night was tumultuous for me , ” Esenov said , a couple of days later .
“ When they all got up to applaud , well , I could n’t get any words out for a minute .
I was so moved .
Then , after I spoke , they rose and applauded again .
No one in my country gets that kind of treatment except––maybe a dictator ! ”
Esenov laughed and reached into his coat pocket to pull out a tiny bottle of pills bearing a label from a Turkmen pharmacy .
“ I ’ve had two heart attacks lately , ” he said .
“ I carry around these nitroglycerin pills .
But since the award I have n’t had to take one ! ”
As a young man during the Stalin era , Esenov joined the Communist Party and worked as a reporter for Pravda .
“ I ca n’t describe to you how cut off we were from places like the United States , ” he said , “ except to say that I once had to write some small article and said that Columbia University , which had sent some books to my country , was in Colombia .
And no one — not one of the editors – –thought it was a mistake .
It was as if we were under a veil . ”
Niyazov , like Mao or Qaddafi , insists on being his people ’s favorite writer .
He is the putative author of the “ Ruhnama , ” a book that is meant to be a spiritual guide , a celebration of the Leader , and a newly contrived history of the Turkmen people .
Niyazov has suggested that if one reads the “ Ruhnama ” one will surely go to Heaven .
Other contemporary books , like Esenov ’s , are generally considered rivals and are banned .
For obvious reasons , Esenov was reluctant to speak directly about Niyazov , but about his own novel he said , “ In any era , the writer reflects the feelings and protest of the people , and I ’m a child of my people .
In ‘ Animal Farm , ’ the animals are there as an allegory for the people . ”
Walking near Bryant Park on a perfect spring day , Esenov took time to admire the Public Library , but when someone pointed out the spire of the Empire State Building he squinted vaguely .
He had no idea that this tall building was any more distinguished than any other .
“ You know , when I got out of jail and was told I was coming here , I thought about leaving the country forever — getting refugee status and living here , ” he said .
“ For a while , it was a stubborn thought .
But I ca n’t do that .
My wife is ill .
I have family .
I ’m too old .
It ’s too late .
It ’s Turkmenistan for me to the end . ”
Then he got in the back seat of a taxi , and it pulled away .
In a few days , Rahim Esenov would return home to the land of Turkmenbashi .
La conservation des données de connexion ( « logs « ) a été jugée anticonstitutionnelle , ce mardi 2 mars , par la cour constitutionnelle allemande .
La loi , adoptée en 2008 , obligeait les fournisseurs d’accès à l’internet , et les prestataires de téléphonie , à conserver les traces de ce que font leurs abonnés sur les réseaux de télécommunication ( y compris leur géolocalisation ) , pendant 6 mois .
Elle visait à transposer la directive européenne sur la conservation des données , adoptée en 2006 , afin de :
* pouvoir tracer et identifier la source d’une communication ;
* pouvoir tracer et identifier la destination d’une communication ;
* pouvoir identifier la date , l’heure et la durée d’une communication ;
* pouvoir identifier le type de communication ;
* pouvoir identifier la machine utilisée pour communiquer ;
* pouvoir identifier la location des équipements de communication mobile .
A l’époque , le Comité des libertés civiles , Justice et Affaires intérieures du Parlement européen avait recommandé de ne l’autoriser qu’en cas de mandat judiciaire et de la limiter aux seuls crimes graves , de ne transférer les données aux autorités nationales que sur demande expresse , et au cas par cas , recommandations qui n’avaient pas été prises en compte par la Commission européenne .
La cour constitutionnelle allemande a pour sa part estimé que la loi n’était pas suffisamment transparente , qu’elle violait le secret des correspondances et n’encadrait pas suffisamment l’utilisation qui serait faite de ces données , que les mesures de sécurité censées les protéger étaient insuffisantes , que les motifs invoqués ( la lutte contre la criminalité , le terrorisme et les menaces en terme de sécurité ) n’étaient pas suffisamment clairs , ni proportionnés en terme de protection de la vie privée , et appelle donc à une destruction « sans délai » des données d’ores et déjà archivées .
Elle a également estimé qu’il s’agissait là d’une « intrusion particulièrement sévère ( dans la vie privée , ndlr ) , d’une ampleur que notre système légal n’avait jamais connu jusqu’à ce jour « .
L’agence AP souligne que la cour constitutionnelle allemande n’a pas contesté la nécessité de la directive européenne mais précisé que le problème tenait davantage à son interprétation par le parlement allemand .
Près de 35 000 personnes , dont plusieurs personnalités politiques , journalistes , avocats , médecins , avaient saisi la cour constitutionnelle à ce propos , dans ce qui constitue le plus important recours collectif ( « class action « ) de l’histoire allemande .
Trois pays considèrent la cybersurveillance comme contraire à leurs constitutions
Les cours constitutionnelles de Bulgarie et de Roumanie avaient elles aussi considéré comme anticonstitutionnelles la législation sur la conservation des données de connexion , l ’Irlande ayant , quant à elle , déposé plainte contre la directive de 2006 devant la Cour européenne de justice .
En décembre dernier , deux organisations de défense des libertés , l’association européenne EDRI ( European Digital Rights ) et le groupe de travail allemand sur la rétention de données ( AK Vorrat ) appelaient l’Union européenne à abroger la directive de 2006 sur la rétention des données de communication ( 2006/24 / EC ) .
« EDRI et ses membres mènent des campagnes depuis plusieurs années contre cette directive , sur la base du fait qu’une telle rétention de données est nécessairement un acte arbitrairement intrusif .
Les données de communication sont bien plus que de simples journaux de communication comme dans le cas de la téléphonie fixe , révélant à qui et quand nous avons téléphoné .
Les données de trafic permettent maintenant de produire de véritables cartes des relations interpersonnelles , des activités et des intentions des personnes » , rappelle au nom d’EDRI la présidente d’IRIS , Meryem Marzouki . «
Avec la mise en place croissante de bases de données massives au niveau national , et les projets actuels tendant à leur interopérabilité au niveau de l ’Union européenne et à leur plein accès pour des objectifs de police , la directive sur la rétention des données ouvre la voie à de futures extensions de finalités , où des données auparavant collectées pour les besoins de la fourniture d’un service deviennent utilisées pour la surveillance des citoyens et leur contrôle social , quand il ne s’agit pas d’objectifs de renseignement .
Cela n’est pas acceptable dans une société démocratique , et il faut y mettre fin immédiatement ».
En France , les particuliers peuvent eux aussi désormais saisir le Conseil constitutionnel
Ce jugement de la Cour constitutionnel allemande intervient alors que , depuis le 1er mars , tout justiciable peut désormais contester une loi et en demander l’abrogation en saisissant indirectement le Conseil constitutionnel à l’occasion d’un procès , saisine baptisée « question prioritaire de constitutionnalité » dont la procédure , cela dit , relèverait du parcours du combattant .
En décembre 2001 , suite à l’adoption , en urgence , de la Loi Sécurité Quotidienne ( LSQ ) par le gouvernement Jospin qui , au lendemain des attentats du 11 septembre 2001 , décida , bien avant la directive européenne , de placer l’internet sous cybersurveillance , des dizaines de collectifs et associations de défense des droits de l’homme avaient ainsi préparé une Saisine citoyenne du Conseil constitutionnel .
Le sénateur socialiste Michel Dreyfus - Schmidt , au moment de voter la LSQ , avait lui - même reconnu , avec un lapsus lourd de sous - entendus , le caractère anticonstitutionnel de cette loi , qui n’en a pas moins servi de socle pour une partie de la vingtaine de lois sécuritaires adoptées depuis lors : «
Il y a des mesures désagréables à prendre en urgence , mais j’espère que nous pourrons revenir à la légalité républicaine avant la fin 2003 » ( date à laquelle un rapport devait être fait pour estimer la pertinence , ou non , de la LSQ ) .
L’eurodéputée Alima Boumediene - Thiéry et le sociologue Fabien Jobard , de leur côté , dénonçaient la façon cavalière qu’avait eu le Parlement d’adopter cette LSQ :
Plutôt que de prendre les quelques jours nécessaires au débat parlementaire et au contrôle par le juge , le gouvernement a préféré marchander avec les parlementaires la non saisie du Conseil constitutionnel , et clore par une manigance d’alcôve des manoeuvres procédurales indignes des textes qu’il a fait adopter .
La sécurité est - elle élevée , comme on le voulait , au rang de bien public ?
Non : le gouvernement préfère en faire sa petite chose , camouflée par des procédures iniques , couvertes d’un voile de honte .
En France , précise la CNIL , les opérateurs de communications électroniques sont tenus de conserver les données relatives au trafic pendant un an , et les opérateurs ne doivent conserver que « les seules données techniques » :
* informations permettant d’identifier l’utilisateur [ par exemple : adresse IP , numéro de téléphone , adresse de courrier électronique ] ;
* données relatives aux équipements terminaux de communication utilisés ;
* caractéristiques techniques ainsi que de la date , de l’horaire et de la durée de chaque communication ;
* données relatives aux services complémentaires demandés ou utilisés et à leurs fournisseurs ;
* données permettant d’identifier le ou les destinataires de la communication .
* ils n’ont aucune obligation de constitution de fichiers nominatifs des utilisateurs : les organismes fournissant une connexion Wi-Fi peuvent choisir d’offrir cette prestation sans procéder à l’identification des personnes .
Ils ne sont alors tenus que de détenir les données techniques créées par l’utilisation de leurs services ;
* ils ne peuvent conserver les informations relatives au contenu des communications : le texte d’un SMS , l’objet d’un e-mail …
Voir aussi le texte complet de la saisine citoyenne initié en 2001 , « Saisissons - nous de la sécurité ! « , par Alima Boumediene - Thiéry et Fabien Jobard , et « Sécurité , sur tous les murs , j’écris ton nom … « , tribunes appelant , en 2001 , à une saisine citoyenne , la couverture qu’en avait dressé le bulletin lambda , et notamment le reportage photo qu’il avait consacré à la cérémonie d' » enterrement des libertés » qui avait suivi cette saisine citoyenne et , sur ce blog :
Comment contourner la cybersurveillance ?
Le FBI menace les acheteurs de DVD
Bajolet a -t - il dénoncé des agents de la DGSE ?
Quand Francis
Delattre légalisait les fichiers policiers
Les pédophiles n’ont rien à craindre de la LOPPSI .
Les internautes , si .
BY R.K. PACHNANDA IANS | September 27
After retirement from the army , my father took up farming at Village Shahpur , on the Pinjore - Nalagarh Road , in Haryana .
After every wheat harvest , my mother used to cart the wheat herself on the tractor to the Chandigarh mandi .
She used to wait for
Fifty - two innocent people were killed in the bombings MI5 deceived MPs by claiming London 's 7/7 bombers had not been identified before the attacks , a court has heard .
In May 2006 the Parliamentary Intelligence and Security Committee ( ISC ) said security agencies had not identified the men .
But a second ISC report in 2009 said MI5 held records relating to ringleader Mohammad Sidique Khan , the court heard .
The claims were made at a hearing to decide the format of inquests into the deaths of those killed in 2005 .
Khan and three other suicide bombers killed themselves and 52 innocent people when they detonated their devices on three Tube trains and one bus .
The coroner , Lady Justice Hallett , is holding a three - day hearing at the Royal Courts of Justice in London to decide what form the inquests - expected to start in October - should take .
Lawyers for the families of those who died argue that they should include a broad - ranging investigation of whether the authorities could have prevented the attacks .
' Incapable of deception ' Patrick O'Connor QC , counsel for four of the bereaved families and 15 survivors , said : " The last time MI5 was accused of deception ... the ceiling seemed to fall in , as if MI5 is incapable of deception .
" They are n't , and they deceived the ISC . "
He went on : " MI5 left the ISC under this misunderstanding - and therefore the British public - for three years , thinking they had not identified Mohammad Sidique Khan before the 7/7 bombings . "
He said the ISC 's findings would be " deeply undermined " if MI5 had deliberately misled the committee .
Mr O'Connor strongly criticised MI5 's involvement in the 7/7 case , saying the agency demonstrated flaws in its assessment policy , record - keeping and co-operation with other agencies .
Neil Garnham QC , counsel for the home secretary and MI5 , urged the coroner not to examine how the security service dealt with the limited information it had about the bombers before the attacks .
He said : " The public interest would , we submit , not be served - in fact would be positively damaged - by attempts in these inquests to reinvestigate the matters that were before the ISC . "
Mr Garnham also suggested that national security could be damaged if the inquests attempted to delve deeper into MI5 's activities .
The hearing continues .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This particular well was not an important one -- one source said it had economic importance only because of its proximity to a platform which was already in the area .
The issues are more the possible environmental damage and the political fallout that could come from the accident .
Unfortunately , most of the " easy oil " is gone .
The oil that remains all has some challenges -- but the fact of the matter is that the world economy cannot run without oil .
So there are no easy answers .
Below the fold , I will tell you the story as I understand it .
It seems to me that the great depth and attendant pressures , and the learning curve that goes working within these new parameters , probably contributed to the initial leak , and is contributing to the difficulties that are now occurring in stopping the leak .
We have all been reading about the blowout that led to huge fire and sinking of the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig in the Gulf of Mexico .
Now there is news that there is a huge oil spill coming from the underground pipe where this occurred , and there is a possibility that it will be months before it can be stopped .
What does this all mean ?
How could this happen ?
1 . Are these spills very common ?
Huge blowouts ( explosions , followed by fire , occurring when wells are being drilled ) , occurring in US waters , are uncommon .
The last one was the Santa Barbara Union Oil Blowout in 1969 - a little over 40 years ago .
The leak lasted 11 days , and the amount of the spill was estimated to be 200,000 gallons ( 5,000 barrels of oil ) , so was less than the amount of the current spill .
But it was close to shore , and the oil damaged beaches , besides affecting wildlife .
( Correction :
The source I used seems to be incorrect .
Other sources give 80,000 to 100,000 barrels , which would be much larger .
If the current blowout is now estimated to be leaking 5,000 barrels a day , the amount of the spill in Santa Barbara may still not be as large as the current spill , however . )
Much more common are oil spills , typically occurring when a ship powered by oil , or a ship carrying oil , collides with another object .
The biggest recent oil spill in US waters was the Exxon Valdez oil spill , which occurred in Alaska in 1989 .
This occurred when an oil tanker ran aground , and spilled 10.9 million gallons ( 250,000 barrels of oil ) .
If the current spill is 1,000 barrels a day , the Exxon Valdez spill would be the equivalent of the spill continuing for eight months .
No one expects the current spill to continue for that long .
An analysis from NOAA shows that there have been many oil spills from ships over the years .
Modern double hull oil tankers are not as susceptible to spills , but the many small ships ( especially low budget , unlicensed ships ) carrying goods of all types can and do run aground , causing smaller spills .
The US Coast Guard has regulations to try to prevent problems of this type .
Besides spills , there are naturally occurring underground seeps that allow hydrocarbons to enter the water .
In fact , it is these seeps that led to the discoveries of many of the oil deposits found at sea .
National Geographic talks about huge underwater asphalt volcanos being discovered off of California , caused by underwater eruptions of hydrocarbons .
These eruptions likely caused huge oil slicks .
2 . How did the blowout occur ?
The earliest oil wells in the Gulf of Mexico were in shallow waters near the coast .
But as these wells have become depleted , it has been necessary to drill in ever - deeper waters .
When one drills in deeper water , the challenges are greater -- the pressures are greater , the temperature of the oil is higher , and the stresses on the metals involved are greater .
The oil industry is creating ever - more technologically advanced equipment to deal with these issues , but the fact remains that it is virtually impossible to solve every new problem that may arise through computer simulations .
If one tweaks one part of the equipment to make it stronger ( to deal with the higher pressures , and greater temperature differential between the hot oil and the cold water ) , it can cause unforeseen problems with another system that interacts with it .
Unfortunately , there is an element of trial and error whenever technology attempts to overcome new hurdles .
These issues are n't unique to oil and gas -- they are just as much challenges to any new technology , including offshore wind and carbon capture and storage technology .
While one would like to move smoothly from one technology to the next , in a short time frame , one really must test equipment in the real world .
This means progress tends not to be as fast as one would like : it often is punctuated by setbacks when something that looks like it would work in computer simulations , does n't really work , or when some unforeseen combination of events takes place .
We do n't yet know precisely what happened to cause the blowout -- there will no doubt be months of investigations .
The basic idea of what happened is that Transocean , under contract with BP , was attempting to drill a new well , not too far from existing wells in a deep water area of the Gulf of Mexico .
The well was almost complete -- in fact , the well seemed to be far enough along that the danger of blowout appeared to be very low .
The casing had been cemented , and work was being done on getting a production pipe installed .
Apparently , a pressure surge occurred that could not be controlled .
While the equipment includes all kinds of controls and alarms , and a huge 450 ton device called a blowout preventer , somehow it was still not possible to control the hydrocarbon flow .
At such high pressures , some of the natural gas separated from the oil within the hydrocarbon stream and ignited causing the explosion .
Some of our readers have provided their ideas as to what might have happened .
Rockman has suggested that the strength of the pipes ( to withstand the underwater pressure ) might have made it impossible for the shear rams in the blowout preventer to slam shut and cut off the pipe , as they were intended to do .
Westexas has suggested that perhaps metallurgical failure at such great depths may have contributed to the accident .
It is possible that there was some element of human error as well .
Without a thorough investigation , it is impossible to know exactly what happened , and even then , there are likely to be gaps in our knowledge .
3 . What is being done to stop the leak ?
For the last several days , BP has been trying to use sub - sea robots , operating at 5,000 feet below the surface , to engage the blowout preventer and turn off the flow , which seems to amount to about 1,000 barrels ( 42,000 gallons ) per day .
With each day that passes , the chance of this working would seem to go down .
If the blow out preventer did n't activate properly originally , and has n't engaged during past attempts by robots , why would a new attempt work any better ?
There are two alternative approaches BP is using to cutting off the flow .
One approach is to drill a second well to intercept the first well , and inject a special heavy fluid to cut off the flow .
Workers will then permanently seal the first well .
This procedure is expected to take several months .
The other approach is designing and fabricating an underwater collection device ( dome ) that would trap escaping oil near the sea floor and funnel it for collection .
According to NOAA , this approach has been used successfully in shallower water but never at this depth ( approximately 5,000 feet ) .
NOAA reports construction of such a dome has already begun .
Until one of these plans works , the approach is to try control the oil that rises to the surface .
According to one source :
BP is throwing all the resources it has available at the spill , so the cost to the company may be substantial .
It has deployed 32 spill response ships and five aircraft to spray up to 100,000 gallons of chemical dispersant on the slick and skim oil from the surface of the water and deploy floating barriers to trap the oil .
Another approach that is being tried is burning the oil trapped on the surface .
This approach would seem to work best when seas are calm .
Even with these approaches , there is a significant chance the spill will reach shore , perhaps by this week end .
Even if it remains at sea , it can be damaging to marine life .
4 . How important are wells such as this one for oil production ?
In general , the world is running short of good places to drill for oil .
There are a few places where oil still can be extracted inexpensively , but these are becoming fewer and fewer in number .
What we seem to have left is expensive hard - to - extract oil , especially in this hemisphere .
In the absence of new deep water wells in the Gulf of Mexico , Gulf oil production would likely be declining .
Figure 2 . Graph of Gulf of Mexico Production in Federal Offshore Region , produced by the EIA .
It can be seen from Figure 2 that between 2003 and 2008 , oil production in this region was declining , but in the last couple of years , as deep water wells have started coming on board , it has begun increasing again .
If companies are successful in drilling more deep water wells , oil production in the Gulf of Mexico may grow again , perhaps to 2 or even 2.5 million barrels a day , before resuming its decline .
This would not be a huge amount relative to world production of crude oil of 73 million barrels a day , but compared to the US 's crude oil production of 5.4 million barrels a day , this would be a substantial part .
In the absence of deep water drilling , Gulf of Mexico production would likely continue to decline , as it did in the 2003 to 2008 period .
Governmental agencies like to talk about " liquids " as if they were all equivalent to crude oil , but they really are n't .
On a " liquids " basis , the US is said to have 9.3 million barrels a day , including ethanol , and natural gas liquids , and the expansion in volume that occurs when refineries combine US natural gas with crude oil imported from overseas , as part of the refining process .
( As mentioned above , crude oil production is only 5.4 million barrels a day . )
Deep water oil is generally good quality oil , that can be refined to produce the products our economy needs , where these other products are of lower energy value , and generally lower price .
Losing high quality oil would be much more of a blow than losing lower quality products that have been added to the reporting category , to disguise our true shortage of high - quality crude .
The world is at this point struggling with financial difficulties .
We like to think that our current order of things , in which we can depend on imports from abroad , will continue indefinitely .
But I do not think this will be the case .
As more and more countries ( Greece , Portugal , and Spain , to start with ) struggle with their debts , oil exporters will have less and less willingness to sell oil to those with questionable credit .
Many in this country think that the US is immune to this problem , but if it turns out that the US has difficulties as well , we may lose even more true oil than a comparison based on overstated " liquids " would seem to suggest .
In that case , we would be very happy to have some home - produced oil , at least for a short time , while it lasts .
5 . The natural order of things .
Most of us do n't take time to think about what the true natural order of the world is .
If we go back 100,000 years , there were no cars , no superhighways , and no oil wells .
There were also very many fewer people , no wind turbines , and no computers .
There was no problem with ocean acidification .
Fish were abundant in the seas .
The world was very different then .
The natural order of things keeps changing , on its own , without our intervention .
One type of animal dies out , and another replaces it .
Plants undergo natural selection , so as to adapt to changes in the environment .
In the fossil fuel world , we know their have been changes as well , and will continue to be .
Where there are not cap rocks on oil supplies , hydrocarbons tend to migrate upward .
When they do this , microbes in the atmosphere tend to break them down .
Eventually , oil that is not under a tight cap rock tends to disappear -- which is why we are having so much difficulty finding oil now .
The oil that escapes as oil spills will also migrate upward to the water surface , just as it does when it migrates upward through oil seeps .
In warm , sunny areas , like area around the Gulf of Mexico , hydrocarbons that migrate upward will biodegrade will fairly quickly - - within a few years .
Some residue may remain for longer .
This will be sticky at first , but then turn to asphalt , before it too breaks down .
It seems to me that as world oil supplies deplete , the world will tend back toward what I have described as the natural order of things .
We wo n't be able to support as many people on the earth .
Highways will disappear , as governments no longer have funds to resurface them .
Without roads , automobiles will no longer be useful .
Cows , and pigs will decline in numbers .
Fish will return to the seas .
Plant and animal life will change , to fill in the gap we left .
We will really have to fight to avoid this natural rearrangement , and even then , we are not likely to be very successful .
We have a large number of people who classify themselves as environmentalists .
They have a very different view of the world , and what is important for the long term .
One of their concerns is that beaches not be despoiled by what looks like asphalt from oil spills .
But these people seem to have little concern about the long stripes of asphalt that are being used for interstate highways .
They are very concerned about the tens of thousands of birds that have been killed by oil spills , but they are not concerned ( or not very much concerned ) about the billions of fish that are being removed from the oceans by fishermen every year .
It seems to me that a major part of their concern is not really for the environment -- it is for maintaining business as usual ( BAU ) .
Having pretty beaches , now .
A nice place for their ( many ) children .
Their plan seems to be for a light green BAU .
6 . Where should we be putting our energies now ?
If we lived in a world with plenty of energy , my vote would be with the environmentalists .
If we do n't really need the oil , why not just close the industry down ?
No need to worry about asphalt on our beaches , or our fishermen getting big enough catches .
If we need more oil , we can just use our large financial surpluses to buy more oil from abroad .
With all the energy , we probably would n't need to worry about enough jobs for the US population either .
But if we are headed toward an energy - constrained world , it seems to me that we need to be thinking about our choices more clearly .
Do we really have options for oil that are better ?
Can we count on world imports ?
Should we expect Brazil to do real - time experiments , to try to figure out how to extract its deep water oil , and then export it to us ?
Should we count on the Saudis , with their unaudited reserves and questionable " spare capacity " to keep up their production ?
Should we expect someone , somewhere , to find four or six new " Saudi Arabias " of additional oil over the next 20 years ?
If we can't depend on imports , do we have more locally produced oil that we can ramp up ?
From an environmental point of view , would ramping up the oil sands in Canada be better ?
Or how about oil shale , out in the dry areas of the US West ?
Would we be willing to devote scarce water supplies in that area to ramping up oil production ?
It is easy to say that there should be more rules for the oil and gas industry , but there can be a downside to these rules as well .
More rules will delay extraction , and will likely lead to a smaller amount of oil extracted , but at a higher price .
There is also the question of whether the rules will really prevent oil spills .
If the issue is really that new technology has to be tested live , no amount of rules will really fix the situation .
There will always be accidents .
If one is thinking about new rules , one should think about the Sarbanes - Oxley Act .
It imposed substantial rules for US public companies after a number of major corporate accounting scandals .
But how much good have these rules really been for preventing the financial crisis and aggressive behavior by banks ?
It seems to me that new rules are usually designed to prevent last year 's problem , not next year 's problem .
If we do n't have oil , would we rather have coal , and a CO2 sequestration site underneath our homes , as technicians test to see whether their computer models are really correct with respect to how well the CO2 will stay underground ?
( If it does n't stay underground , it could form a low lying cloud and smother those in its way . )
There are indirect implications of a loss of oil , too .
A fisherman may have more fish to catch , if all oil spills are prevented .
But if , in the process , the fisherman does n't have enough fuel for his boat , or his customers do n't have jobs and can't buy the fish , he is not as much better off as he would seem to be .
Given all of the environmental concerns regarding oil and gas , I can understand why many people would decide that the best decision is to err in the direction of caution regarding future oil production .
But if this is the route we take ( and even if it is n't ) , we need to be thinking about where this puts us relative to the natural order of things .
Presumably , with less oil , the downslope in the direction of the natural order of things will be even quicker .
While some may not object to this , it would seem to me that it would make the urgency of adapting to the new world order even greater than it would be otherwise .
This would suggest that we should be putting our efforts into energy sources that are truly renewable with only local materials -- small scale wind , run of the stream hydro , and solar of the type that might be used to heat hot water a bit , but not to create electricity .
These would not allow us to maintain BAU , or a world very close to BAU .
To me , there are no easy choices .
Chris Rotelli is co-founder of Golden State Lacrosse Academy in San Francisco , CA ( http://www.gs-lax.com/).
Golden State Lacrosse offers clinics , camps , workshops , and private lessons as well as community outreach programs to bring lacrosse to new people .
SportsForce caught up with Chris to find out what it ’s like to play professional lacrosse , share his story and much more .
Chris is a three time MLL All Star , winner of the Tewaaraton Award , and was named ACC Male Athlete of the Year ( 2003 ) among other honors .
When did you start playing lax ?
How and why did you get started ?
I started playing in 3rd grade .
My dad gave me a stick and taught me how to throw , and I feel in love with it instantly .
What caused you to make lacrosse your sport ?
What do you love about it ?
I love the speed of the game , and the teamwork .
It is extremely fast , and a total adrenaline rush the whole time you are on the field .
Unlike other sports where only a couple people are involved with each play ; in lacrosse every person on the field is involved in the game at all times , and that keeps it mentally engaging .
Since everyone is always involved , it makes teamwork and communication huge parts of the game , and I love it .
How has lacrosse impacted your life ?
Lacrosse has completely shaped my life .
It gave me focus growing up , and taught me how to pursue my goals .
It helped me get into a great college and gave me a career working with a sport that I love .
Through lacrosse I ’ve met so many amazing people , and now I have friends all over the world that I have either played with or against at some time in my life .
I ’ve been able to travel the country , and now I get to teach young kids that same way my role models taught me how to play the game growing up .
I feel pretty lucky , and lacrosse has definitely given me a lot .
What advice would you give to young lax players hoping to play in college or beyond ?
Shoot on a goal , and pass on a wall as much as possible .
You were a highly decorated player in great programs in both high school and college .
What advice would you have for athletes who are trying to make themselves stand out at schools without such great programs , or those just playing club ?
I came from Rhode Island where lacrosse at the time was only played in five schools , so I understand what it is like coming from a ‘ small pond . ’
My advice is to use that as motivation and work harder than everyone .
If you are coming from an area where lacrosse is young , but you want to play with the best , you have to keep raising the bar for yourself , and out - work not only your teammates , but also every kid playing in Baltimore , Long Island , etc .
You were drafted first overall in the MLL college draft , tell us what that experience was like .
That was very exciting .
We had just won the National Championship four days earlier , so it was truly an amazing week for me , and actually very humbling .
What is the life of a professional lacrosse player like ?
It is very fun .
We ’re fortunate to get paid to play a game we love , and do it with our friends .
I love it .
When did you start to think about “ going pro ? ”
What was that decision process like ?
I honestly did n’t think about it much until after the National Championship .
I was in my senior season in 2003 at UVA , and was only focused on winning a championship .
Fortunately we did , and then I could think about the MLL .
But the draft was three days after that game , so I really did n’t have much time to think about the MLL until I was in it .
I played my first game six days later .
Explain a little bit about the mission of Golden State Lax Academy .
Could you highlight some of the programs you offer ?
Our mission is to create better players , and increase their enjoyment of the game .
We teach them the right way to play , but also keep it as fun as possible .
For us , practice was always fun because we loved lacrosse .
So we really try to show kids that hard work not only can be fun , but should be fun .
We do day camps , overnight camps , and clinics throughout the year .
www.gs-lax.com
What is your favorite part about working with young and up and coming lacrosse players ?
Seeing their excitement , and making a positive difference in their lives .
What do you think about lacrosse being the fastest growing sport in the country ?
Why do you think it is growing so fast ?
I love that the sport is taking off .
Lacrosse is addictive , and the most fun team sport you will ever play .
In my humble opinion , it will not stop growing .
How did you land in California ?
My favorite activities have always been lacrosse , surfing , and skiing .
I moved to CA so that I could have easier access to surf and snow .
In the northeast , you have to drop everything you ’re doing to get the small windows of good surf or good snow , and I wanted to live somewhere it would be easier to work those into my daily routine .
When I got here , I fell in love with all of it .
San Francisco is the friendliest city you ’ll ever see .
People here are so fun and cool ; it ’s hard not to love living here .
With Wired magazine well on its way to releasing a tablet edition , Condé Nast is now preparing four more digital magazines in a " research and development effort " that should last through October , according to a memo distributed to select internal parties on Monday .
The initiative expects to have an iPad version of GQ available with the April issue , according to the memo , portions of which were shared with Wired.com by a spokesperson .
Vanity Fair is slated for June , with The New Yorker and Glamour following as quickly as possible .
Of these , only GQ is already available in digital form , as an iPhone app .
As previously disclosed Wired magazine 's tablet edition will debut with its June issue ( 18.06 ) .
While the iPhone has been available for nearly three years Condé Nast has more or less only dabbled on that platform — with the notable exception of GQ , which has sold a total of 22,000 iPhone copies of two issues at $ 3 each .
Apart from that periodical , Condé has released branded apps which provide a portion of a magazine 's experience — like Epicurious recipes and Wired product reviews — but nothing that attempts faithful reproductions of the magazines themselves .
In part this is because the revenue proposition — advertising and marketing opportunities , and a reader 's willingness to pay something — is largely unknown and a big part of what Condé says it hopes to learn more about with its digital magazine initiative .
But it is also because some believe that the " magazine experience " would have to be severely compromised for a screen as small as that on the typical smartphone .
Enter the as - yet - unavailable iPad , which has created an entirely new digital mindset — a " game changer , " according to Wired magazine Editor in Chief Chris Anderson .
And while company executives believe that Condé is further along than competitors with its tablet strategy publisher — and iPhone initiatives continue — the company is merely testing the waters by concentrating on five marquee properties : Condé Nast publishes 19 magazines and Condé Nast Digital runs 27 sites , including Wired.com ( my employer ) , a separately - produced news service .
The company is also embracing a dual - track development process , driven at least in part by workflow and headcount realities .
Wired magazine , for example , is leveraging its use of Adobe InDesign , used to produce the monthly print magazine , to create what it is careful to call a platform - agnostic tablet publication .
Condé Nast Digital , on the other hand , is using technology and techniques developed in - house to create the digital versions of GQ , Vanity Fair , The New Yorker and Glamour .
" We have learned from Wired thus far that adjusting to the new workflows required for digital magazine production is extremely time consuming , " the memo says .
" Only by beginning now could a magazine hope to be ready for a fall launch , should our R&D program point us in that direction . "
See Also :
Democrats are betting on a rebound in popularity for their healthcare bill going into this fall 's elections , Sen. Evan Bayh ( D - Ind. ) said Monday night .
Bayh , a centrist Democrat who recently announced his retirement at the end of his term next year , said that President Barack Obama Barack Hussein Obama
It 's now up to health systems to solve our food problems Testing the Electoral College process against judicial overreach Obama steps into The Shade Room to urge ' roommates ' to vote , says White House ' working to keep people from voting ' MORE and Democrats in Congress are counting on the bill becoming more popular once it 's enacted .
ADVERTISEMENT
" That is the bet , that some of the misconceptions out there will be proven to be false between now and the election , " Bayh said during an appearance on the " Charlie Rose Show " when asked if the Obama administration was expecting healthcare 's popularity to turn around .
" I think they are betting the myths will be dispelled , and it 's better to look strong and effective than it is to look weak and ineffectual , " Bayh added .
" I think that 's another part of the calculus there .
" Current polling shows that while a number of individual elements in the healthcare bills before Congress are popular , the overall bills have suffered from poorer approval ratings .
The healthcare efforts in Congress have been seen as a major factor going into this fall 's midterm elections , where Republicans hope to use it as a catalyst for winning seats , and maybe taking back one or both houses of Congress .
Republicans dismissed the likely of a bounce in popularity , with one Senate GOP aide saying , " That ’s like New Jersey fans counting on the Nets to come back from their 6 - 53 record to win the NBA Championship . "
Bayh acknowledged the tough road ahead for Democrats , relating to the health bill and impending elections , saying that no easy path was available .
" Frankly , from just a purely political standpoint , it 's a difficult road for the Democrats whichever path we take , " he said .
" The health care debate has gone against the Democratic Party for a number of reasons some of which are without merit and some of which you can argue back and forth , " Bayh later added .
" I do n't think the use of the reconciliation process will matter that much to the American people .
They want to know about the substance .
And so if they 're concerned that it 's going to run up the deficit and that kind of thing or raise their taxes , even if it 's not true , that may work against us . "
This post was updated at 12:03 p.m .
Whoa , Apple just sued HTC for infringing on 20 patents " related to the iPhone 's user interface , underlying architecture and hardware . "
UPDATE : The patents Apple 's claiming are incredible .
We 've got both full filings below .
And HTC 's comment .
They 're surprised too !
Advertisement
Update 4 : A Google spokesperson gives this statement in regards to what 's going on :
We are not a party to this lawsuit .
However , we stand behind our Android operating system and the partners who have helped us to develop it .
Advertisement
Update 3 John at Digital Daily 's got the ITC filing against HTC as well ( which we 've now got embedded as well ) .
It lists the 10 other patents Apple 's suing over , and spells out all the phones at issue — which looks like basically every Windows Mobile and Android phone HTC makes , from the G1 to the HD2 .
Nilay at Engadget notes , crucially , that while Apple names a whole bunch of HTC phones , the phones they call out repeatedly as infringing on specific patents are Android phones ( the WinMo phones are called out for containing a DSP chip , not for anything WinMo related ) .
Meaning that the bigger issue could be with Android itself , and Google , though it 's not exactly clear yet .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Also , Nilay 's got a solid patentese - to - English breakdown for all of the patents Apple 's claiming , like what exactly a patent on " Time - Based , Non-Constant Translation Of User Interface Objects Between States " means .
Update 2 : HTC 's comment , and they 're as surprised as we are :
We only learned of Apple 's actions based on your stories and Apple 's press release .
We have not been served any papers yet so we are in no position to comment on the claims .
We respect and value patent rights but we are committed to defending our own innovations .
We have been innovating and patenting our own technology for 13 years .
Advertisement
Update : Apple 's asking for a permanent injunction , which would bar HTC from importing or selling phones here that use these patents , along with triple damages with maximum interest ( read : a lot of money ) .
As you can see , some of the patents are fairly broad , like " unlocking a device by performing gestures on an unlock image , " which seems to cover like every touchscreen phone ever .
Here 's a gallery of the full suit , followed by a breakout of the patents .
Notably not among them ?
Anything pertaining to multitouch .
The ‘ 331 Patent , entitled " Time - Based , Non-Constant Translation Of User Interface Objects Between States , " was duly and legally issued on April 22 , 2008 by the United States Patent and Trademark Office .
The ‘ 949 Patent , entitled " Touch Screen Device , Method , And Graphical User Interface For Determining Commands By Applying Heuristics , " was duly and legally issued on January 20 , 2009 by the United States Patent and Trademark Office .
A copy of the ‘ 949 Patent is attached hereto as Exhibit B . The ‘ 849 Patent , entitled " Unlocking A Device By Performing Gestures On An Unlock Image , " was duly and legally issued on February 2 , 2010 by the United States Patent and Trademark Office .
A copy of the ‘ 849 Patent is attached hereto as Exhibit C. The ‘ 381 Patent , entitled " List Scrolling And Document Translation , Scaling , And Rotation On A Touch - Screen Display , " was duly and legally issued on December 23 , 2008 by the United States Patent and Trademark Office .
A copy of the ‘ 381 Patent is attached hereto as Exhibit D. The ‘ 726 Patent , entitled " System And Method For Managing Power Conditions Within A Digital Camera Device , " was duly and legally issued on July 6 , 1999 by the United States Patent and Trademark Office .
A copy of the ‘ 726 Patent is attached hereto as Exhibit E . The ‘ 076 Patent , entitled " Automated Response To And Sensing Of User Activity In Portable Devices , " was duly and legally issued on December 15 , 2009 by the United States Patent and Trademark Office .
A copy of the ‘ 076 Patent is attached hereto as Exhibit F . The ‘ 105 Patent , entitled " GMSK Signal Processors For Improved Communications Capacity And Quality , " was duly and legally issued on December 8 , 1998 by the United States Patent and Trademark Office .
A copy of the ‘ 105 Patent is attached hereto as Exhibit G. The ‘ 453 Patent , entitled " Conserving Power By Reducing Voltage Supplied To An Instruction - Processing Portion Of A Processor , " was duly and legally issued on June 3 , 2008 by the United States Patent and Trademark Office .
A copy of the ‘ 453 Patent is attached hereto as Exhibit H. The ‘ 599 Patent , entitled " Object - Oriented Graphic System , " was duly and legally issued on October 3 , 1995 by the United States Patent and Trademark Office .
A copy of the ‘ 599 Patent is attached hereto as Exhibit I . The ‘ 354 Patent , entitled " Object - Oriented Event Notification System With Listener Registration Of Both Interests And Methods , " was duly and legally issued on July 23 , 2002 by the United States Patent and Trademark Office .
A copy of the ‘ 354 Patent is attached hereto as Exhibit J. United States Patent No. 5,481,721 entitled " Method for Providing Automatic and Dynamic Translation of Object Oriented Programming Language - Based Message Passing Into Operation System Message Passing Using Proxy Objects , " issued on January 2 , 1996 ...
United States Patent No. 5,519,867 entitled " Object - Oriented Multitasking System , " issued on May 21 , 1996 … United States Patent No. 6,275,983 entitled " Object - Oriented Operating System , " issued on August 14 , 2001 … United States Patent No. 5,566,337 entitled " Method and Apparatus for Distributing Events in an Operating System , " issued on October 15 , 1996 … United States Patent No. 5,929,852 entitled " Encapsulated Network Entity Reference of a Network Component System , " issued on July 27 , 1999 … United States Patent No. 5,946,647 entitled " System and Method for Performing an Action on a Structure in Computer - Generated Data " issued on August 31 , 1999 … United States Patent No. 5,969,705 entitled " Message Protocol for Controlling a User Interface From an Inactive Application Program , " issued on October 19 , 1999 … United States Patent No. 6,343,263 entitled " Real - Time Signal Processing System for Serially Transmitted Data , " issued on January 29 , 2002 … United States Patent No. 5,915,131 entitled " Method and Apparatus for Handling I/O Requests Utilizing Separate Programming Interfaces to Access Separate I/O Service " issued on June 22 , 1999 … United States Patent No. RE39,486 , entitled " Extensible , Replaceable Network Component System , " reissued on February 6 , 2007 …
Advertisement
Steve Jobs ' biting take on the lawsuit :
" We can sit by and watch competitors steal our patented inventions , or we can do something about it .
We 've decided to do something about it .
We think competition is healthy , but competitors should create their own original technology , not steal ours . "
Advertisement
Sound familiar ?
Of course it does , because Nokia 's being accused of the same thing , and Apple had similar nasty comments for Palm as well , though they have n't led to a lawsuit ( yet ) .
Advertisement
We 're digging up what exactly HTC is in trouble over , with Apple merely stating it 's related to the " iPhone 's user interface , underlying architecture and hardware . "
However , it 's worth noting Apple won a fairly huge multitouch patent just a couple of weeks ago , and now they 're nailing HTC for twice as many patent infringements as they busted Nokia on in that countersuit .
Advertisement
Apple 's original set of iPhone interface patents were actually fairly limited when you drill down , but we 'll see pretty shortly what , precisely , they 're suing HTC over .
Which should give us a pretty good idea of whether or not this just the first of many lawsuits , since HTC 's not exactly the only other multitouch game in town .
The terse press release , in full : Click to view
Apple Sues HTC for Patent Infringement CUPERTINO , Calif . March 2 / PRNewswire -FirstCall / — Apple® today filed a lawsuit against HTC for infringing on 20 Apple patents related to the iPhone 's user interface , underlying architecture and hardware .
The lawsuit was filed concurrently with the U.S. International Trade Commission ( ITC ) and in U.S. District Court in Delaware .
" We can sit by and watch competitors steal our patented inventions , or we can do something about it .
We 've decided to do something about it , " said Steve Jobs , Apple 's CEO .
" We think competition is healthy , but competitors should create their own original technology , not steal ours . "
Apple reinvented the mobile phone in 2007 with its revolutionary iPhone® , and did it again in 2008 with its pioneering App Store , which now offers more than 150,000 mobile applications in over 90 countries .
Over 40 million iPhones have been sold worldwide .
WINONA , Minn. , April 28 ( UPI ) -- Minnesota police said pants belonging to a trouserless man picked up for drunkenly knocking on a woman 's door were found two days later in the woman 's garage .
Winona Deputy Police Chief Tom Williams said the woman discovered the pants alongside a pair of shoes in her garage Monday and the owner of the clothing items had apparently propped a picnic table up against her car , the Winona Daily News reported Wednesday .
Advertisement
A wallet in the pants was traced to a 21 - year - old man whom officers had picked up and taken home Saturday when he was spotted knocking on the woman 's door while intoxicated and lacking pants .
The man was released to a friend .
The man told police Monday he had been very drunk at the time of the incident and could n't remember his actions .
He offered to pay for any damages at the woman 's home and was n't cited by police , Williams said .
( CNN ) -- Dissatisfaction , anger and an uncertain future have led professors and students in California and across the country to call for a day of action Thursday to defend education at state colleges and universities .
Budget cuts have resulted in canceled classes and class waiting lists doubling or tripling in California .
Whitney Thompson experienced this firsthand when all her courses at Fresno State University were dropped , setting her back an entire year .
She is part of a rising phenomenon in which students take up to six years to graduate .
These " super - seniors , " as they are referred to by the universities , have to take out more debt to carry the full - time load needed to maintain their financial aid and health insurance .
She is now enrolled in classes that do not meet her graduation requirements .
" My plans were messed up , I now have more debt , and I 'm taking classes that were my least choice , " Thompson said .
Are you in on the protests ?
Share pics , video
Alejandro Laro -Briseno at the University of California , Berkeley , said he knows students who have to choose between buying a book and eating .
Honora Keller , a fifth - year student at San Francisco State University , has to work three jobs to keep up .
" I have to eat , buy books and [ pay ] tuition , and I 'm still taking out more loans , " she said .
" People are taking semesters off to save for tuition .
It 's a common conversation you hear everywhere on campus , " Keller said .
Similar conversations are taking place across the country as states slash funding not only for colleges , but also for elementary and secondary education .
That 's why protests of various kinds are planned Thursday in at least 29 states .
See where protests are planned
" There needs to be some honest conversations about what 's happening [ in our schools ] , " according to CNN Education Contributor Steve Perry , who founded Capital Preparatory Magnet School in Hartford , Connecticut .
" The system is being fleeced by the people within . "
Perry said teachers ' salaries make up 70 to 80 percent of schools ' budgets .
In order for school programs to survive , those salaries must be based on performance and revenue instead of union mandates , according to Perry .
" At CNN , you do n't get a raise if there 's no money .
It does n't happen that way , " Perry said .
" If there 's no money and you 've not performed well , then you do not get a raise . "
Most of Thursday 's protests will center on cuts to state - funded colleges and universities , which could translate into even higher tuition costs .
In Georgia , a legislative committee proposed $ 300 million in cuts to the state 's college system , on top of $ 100 million cut in the past two years , University of Georgia President Michael F. Adams wrote in an open letter to students , faculty and staff .
" This is not our plan ; these are not cuts we offered to make ; and we will vigorously oppose any effort to implement them , " Adams wrote .
In response , student organizers in Georgia are urging fellow students at every college in the state system to wear black this week to " symbolize the ' death ' of our education , " according to a posting on Facebook .
State funding for the California State University system was reduced by nearly $ 1 billion for the academic years between 2008 and 2010 .
Schools have responded by increasing fees , canceling classes , cutting student support programs and furloughing professors .
From 2002 to 2009 fees increased by 182 percent , and annual 10 percent increases are expected .
" The less affordable education becomes , the less likely low - income students will be able to get a college education , " said Lillian Taiz , president of the California Faculty Association and professor of history at California State University , Los Angeles .
Alejandro Lara - Briseno -- the first in his family to attend college -- now doubts he will be able to finish .
" I remember when I was accepted to the University of California , Berkeley , my mother started crying , " he said .
" The university administration is not discussing with students or unions their decisions to cut recruitment and retainment centers that help minority students , " he said .
More students take particular classes -- not because they are interested in the topic or even fulfilling their requirements -- but because they are unable to register for anything else , says Vivian Chavez , an assistant professor at San Francisco State University .
Furlough days and a 10 percent salary decrease have affected the morale of professors and students at San Francisco State University ,
" We are doing more with less , " Chavez said .
" I normally teach 45 students and last semester I taught 68 students .
It was so difficult to remember student names .
How do you give each one individual attention ? "
As students and professors prepare for Thursday , they face many challenges and obstacles but remain hopeful that administration and legislators will listen .
" I want people to question where the priorities are , " said Honora Keller .
" To see people getting together to accomplish a goal by creating awareness for something as simple and as basic as the right to be educated . "
This week , an Italian magistrate convicted three Google employees for an Internet video that none of them had produced , uploaded , or even seen .
The case arose from an Italian video that was uploaded in 2006 to Google Video , which showed a disabled child being bullied by other schoolchildren .
An advocacy organization and the boy 's father in Milan pushed for a criminal prosecution ; a local prosecutor decided to pursue a case against four individual Google employees .
In the decision , a defamation charge was dropped , but three of the named executives were found guilty of a charge related to Italy 's privacy laws , and each sentenced to a six month suspended sentences .
We may not see the Italian decision stand for long , and cannot imagine a similar case happening in most Western countries .
But it represents a growing temptation of courts and lawmakers worldwide : to find excuses to strip away the protection the law grants to Internet intermediaries .
It 's also an intimation of the very serious consequences to the Net and free speech if those safe harbors are weakened .
Europe has , in theory at least , at the EU level , strong protections for Internet intermediaries in its E - Commerce Directive : Article 14 of that directive provides that hosting providers are not responsible for the content they host , as long as they are not informed of its illegal character , and they act promptly when informed of it .
Article 15 clarifies that hosts do not need to monitor hosted content for potentially illegal content .
This judgement guts both these principles .
The court dismissed the allegation of criminal defamation but upheld a charge of illegally handling personal data on the basis that a video is personal data , and that under EU data protection law , Google needed prior authority before distributing that personal data .
This interpretation of the law means that Google is co-responsible for the legality of content containing the images of persons -- before anyone has complained about the content .
That effectively means to comply with the decision , any intermediary working within Italy must now pre-screen every piece of video with anyone who appears within it , or risk prosecution .
As the judgement stands , it also presents such a wide definition of personal data that it might effectively require that all hosts pre-screen all content be it video , text , audio or data .
The unconscionable fact that this prosecution is of individuals , while devastating for those involved , is only part of the problem .
The whole Internet relies on the fact that third - parties can carry messages without having to self - police , interfere with those messages or take responsibility for millions of others ' communications .
The Net is made of intermediaries , and attacks on the safe harbor protections for those intermediaries is under way across the world .
In China , it 's called ISP " self - discipline " .
In the United States , it 's rightsholders demanding secondary or even tertiary liability for infringement by users , or loopholes in net neutrality , or attempts to weaken the protections of CDA 230 .
Italy may choose to unfairly victimize three American executives in this case , but the openness of the entire Internet risks becoming a victim if the safe harbors are compromised elsewhere .
But given the changed timetable , just as Iraqi political leaders are struggling to form a new government , American military leaders will be distracted by the myriad tasks of supervising major troop movements .
On top of that , the deeper the troop withdrawals go , the more potentially destabilizing they will be  because the first withdrawals will be made in areas that are considered more secure , or where Iraqi forces are deemed more reliable or evenhanded .
By June , American troops may be leaving areas that are far from quiet , and where new tensions may be brewing as a result of the elections .
Once again , the United States would be rushing toward failure in Iraq , as it did so often under the Bush administration , trying to pass responsibility to Iraqi officials and institutions before they are ready for the task .
By late summer , the Obama administration could find itself in the uncomfortable position of reconsidering its vows to get out of combat in Iraq by August and to remove all troops by the end of next year .
This will be politically difficult for the president , but he has shown admirable flexibility in his handling of Iraq .
My impression is that the American people now wish they had never heard of Iraq , but understand just what a mess it is and are willing to give the president a surprising amount of leeway .
Extending the American military presence will be even more politically controversial in Iraq , and for that reason , it would be best to let Iraqi leaders make the first public move to re-open the status of forces agreement of 2008 , which calls for American troops to be out of the country by the end of next year .
But I think leaders in both countries may come to recognize that the best way to deter a return to civil war is to find a way to keep 30,000 to 50,000 United States service members in Iraq for many years to come .
These troops ’ missions would be far narrower than during the surge era ; their primary goal would be to train and advise Iraqi security forces and to carry out counterterrorism missions .
( It is actually hard to get below 30,000 and still have an effective force ; many troops are needed for logistics , maintenance , medical , intelligence , communications and headquarters jobs , and additional infantry units are then needed to protect the people performing those tasks . )
Such a relatively small , tailored force would not be big enough to wage a war , but it might be enough to deter a new one from breaking out .
An Iraqi civil war would likely be a three - or four - sided affair , with the Shiites breaking into pro- and anti-Iranian factions .
It could also easily metastasize into a regional war .
Neighboring powers like Turkey and Iran are already involved in Iraqi affairs , and the Sunni Arab states would be unlikely to stand by and watch a Shiite - dominated regime in Baghdad slaughter the Sunni minority .
A regional war in the middle of the world ’s oil patch could shake the global economy to its foundations and make the current recession look mild .
In addition , a continued American military presence could help Iraq move forward politically .
No one there particularly likes having the Americans around , but many groups seem to trust the Americans as honest brokers .
And there would be a moral , humanitarian and political benefit : Having American soldiers accompany Iraqi units may improve the behavior of Iraqi forces , discouraging relapses to Saddam Hussein - era abuses , or the use of force for private ends and feuds .
Advisers not only instruct Iraqi commanders , they also monitor them .
As a longtime critic of the American invasion of Iraq , I am not happy about advocating a continued military presence there .
Yet , to echo the counterinsurgency expert David Kilcullen , just because you invade a country stupidly does n’t mean you should leave it stupidly .
The best argument against keeping troops in Iraq is the one some American military officers make , which is that a civil war is inevitable , and that by staying all we are doing is postponing it .
That may be so , but I do n’t think it is worth gambling to find out .
“ It ’s one thing to run afoul of the gift ban , a civil matter at best , ” said Daniel J. French , a former federal prosecutor who served on the commission until late last year .
“ It ’s quite another to have lied under oath , which , if proven , is a criminal matter with far - reaching implications to office and liberty . ”
Blair Horner , legislative director of the New York Public Interest Research Group , which filed a formal complaint with the commission when news of the tickets emerged last fall , called the panel ’s finding “ unprecedented . ”
“ I know of no other time where it ’s been alleged by what is basically a police agency that the governor lied under oath , ” Mr. Horner said .
In the domestic violence case , Attorney General Andrew M. Cuomo is investigating whether the governor or other state officials pressured a woman who said she was assaulted by Mr. Johnson so that she would not pursue an order of protection against the aide .
Mr. Paterson is expected to be questioned under oath in that inquiry .
Mr. Johnson attended the World Series game with the governor , and he was involved in soliciting the tickets from Yankees officials .
The report also suggests that Mr. Johnson may have backdated the governor ’s check .
According to the commission ’s report , Mr. Paterson decided after the Yankees won the American League championship that he wanted to attend the first game of the World Series and directed Mr. Johnson to solicit tickets from the Yankees , including tickets for his son , Alex , and a friend of his son .
Image Gov. David A. Paterson with Senate Minority Leader Dean G. Skelos , left , and Senate Democratic Leader John L. Sampson at at a leadership meeting in Albany on Wednesday .
Credit ... Nathaniel Brooks for The New York Times
Mr. Johnson then directed the governor ’s scheduler to request five or six tickets for the Oct. 28 game , and told the team that Mr. Paterson would be attending in a ceremonial capacity as governor and would not be paying for the tickets .
This is a webified version of my paper from the Proceedings of Bridges 2007
Modular Kirigami
George W. Hart
Computer Science Department
Stony Brook University
Stony Brook , NY 11794 USA
E-mail : george@georgehart.com
http://www.georgehart.com
Abstract
Modular Kirigami is here defined as the symmetric assemblage , with artistic intent , of multiple copies of cut paper shapes .
Intricate examples with icosahedral symmetry are presented .
These consist purely of interlocked flat pieces of paper , with no folding and no adhesives .
Introduction
Kirigami refers to the art of paper cutting .
Traditionally a single sheet of paper is cut with scissors or a knife to make a figurative or abstract form . [ 8 , 10 ]
The visual focus may be either the cut paper or the remaining “ negative space ” .
Sometimes folding is involved , as in “ pop - up cards ” . [ 1 ]
For symmetric designs , the paper is often folded before cutting then unfolded , e.g. , the well - known paper snowflakes with 6 - fold symmetry .
Kirigami shares the root gami , meaning paper , with the better - known Japanese art of folding paper , origami . [ 7 ]
In modular origami , identical paper modules are folded and assembled into a larger symmetric structure . [ 3 ]
This paper introduces the term modular kirigami for symmetric assemblages of cut paper .
Figure 1 shows an example constructed of twelve identical paper parts .
Figure 1a .
Deep Sea Tango , 12 parts , 4 in Figure 1b .
Part design
As of this writing , ( December 2006 ) Google reports fourteen million hits for the word “ origami ” , one hundred thousand hits for “ kirigami ” , thirty - two thousand hits for the phrase “ modular origami ” , and zero web pages with the phrase “ modular kirigami ” .
So I ’ll claim credit for this neologism , but examples of assembling cut pieces of paper into symmetric structures are common .
For example , any schoolchild who has cut out twelve regular pentagons and glued or taped them together into a model of a dodecahedron has assembled cut pieces of paper into a symmetric form .
However , what is presented here as modular kirigami differs in having both an artistic intent for the design and a purity of technique .
Origami purists eschew cutting , taping , and gluing — only folding is allowed .
Analogously , this essay focuses on a pure form of modular kirigami in which no folding , taping , or gluing is used — only cutting .
Furthermore , the paper in all the examples shown is purely flat , not curved , e.g. , not bent into a cylinder .
However , the paper may need to be bent and then unbent during assembly , to achieve an intricate weave , as illustrated in Figure 2 .
Figure 2a .
Tangled Reindeer , 12 parts , 5 inch Figure 2b .
Part design
This form of modular kirigami is related to many sculptures I have made , which are assembled from planar rigid components . [ 6 ]
I often make paper models of designs before making the actual sculpture from materials such as wood , metal , or acrylic .
I may glue or tape paper models of my sculpture , because their function is only to help me visualize and further develop the final form .
But the kirigami presented here are the final form : sculptures designed for paper .
They specifically recognize two material properties of paper : ( 1 ) The flexibility of paper is essential to the design because during assembly , the components are interwoven .
But once positioned they spring back into the paper ’s natural planar form .
( 2 ) The surface friction of paper holds parts together .
This is important in slot - based connections .
If made of a slippery material , some of these designs could spontaneously disassemble and fall apart when handled .
These designs are also related to cut-and - assemble geometric constructions that I have called “ Slide - Togethers ” [ 4 ] .
But the slide - togethers have regular polygon shapes for the components , e.g. , pentagons or pentagrams with slots .
In contrast , the modular kirigami presented here have parts designed for an aesthetic impact .
Of course , they also must satisfy many geometric constraints in order to fit together symmetrically .
Another related type of geometric kirigami is what John Sharp calls a sliceform , a slot - based construction , not necessarily symmetric , of non-identical parts [ 9 ] .
One of the geometric details to work out for each design is the slot width for parts to fit together snugly .
Slots need to be cut according to the thickness of the paper that fills the slot .
If the slots are too thin , the paper may deform .
If too wide , the joints will freely disassemble .
This parameter does not scale with the 2D part dimensions .
For example , software design tools let you easily scale a part file to be twice as big , but this will change a snug - fitting part into a loose part , unless one either does not scale the slot or compensates in the third dimension by using paper twice as thick .
This is an issue common to all slot - based paper constructions .
Although I am a purist about the designs shown — there is no folding , no tape , and no glue — I am not a purist about the execution of the cutting .
Rather than laboring intensely with knife or scissors to cut the parts manually , I am very happy to use modern computer - controlled cutting technology to produce the individual parts .
Having made a great many paper models throughout my life , I know that cutting is lengthy work if done by hand .
Automated paper cutters can do this repetitive work and thereby make the overall job much more enjoyable .
I design , a machine cuts the paper , and I have the tricky task of assembling the parts , which I find to be an enjoyably challenging recreation .
For example , I would not want to hand cut the twenty deeply curved parts of Figure 3 , but it was very satisfying to assemble .
Figure 3a .
Meanders , 20 parts , 5 inch Figure 3 b .
Part design
Two types of automated processes are available for cutting paper parts .
The first is to prepare a cutting die that is used to stamp out the parts .
This involves a large initial investment , but then fast production with a low per-part cost .
While ideal for mass production , stamping dies are not appropriate for experimental designs or low - volume production , because of the high initial tooling cost .
The second method involves a “ cutting plotter ” which traces out each part with a computer - controlled knife .
Various commercial and professional machines are available for this purpose , typically used in signage , e.g. , to fabricate vinyl stick - on letters .
Recently , less expensive home - use machines have become available .
I have purchased a Graphtec “ Craft ROBO ” [ 2 ] and used it to cut all the parts for the examples shown in this paper .
I should point out that the machine is not as simple to use as , say , a printer or paper shredder .
One does not just feed in a sheet of paper at one end and collect cut parts emerging out the other end .
I went through considerable experimentation with various types and weights of paper .
Knife depth and speed settings must be adjusted for the stock .
A sticky carrier sheet , with a surface like “ Post - It ” glue , holds the paper and parts as they are cut .
The parts and scrap paper must be carefully lifted and peeled off this carrier when done .
The weight , consistency , and sizing of the stock greatly affect the result .
There are some technical issues concerning sharp corners and small details .
But after mastering the capabilities of the machine , I have found it to be quite accurate , great fun , and artistically empowering .
Before acquiring the automatic cutter , I had cut parts for similar designs in one of two ways : either individually with scissors , which is very time consuming , or by the ream on a band saw .
The band saw method is useful if making intricate parts for an entire class to use in a paper construction workshop , so I ’ll describe it here .
Place a ream of ( 8.5 by 11 inch ) card stock on a piece of ( 8.5 by 11 inch ) quarter - inch plywood .
On top of the paper , put a copy of the template to cut .
Then drill holes through the stack and screw everything together with flat - head screws facing upwards .
The heads are countersunk up into the bottom of the plywood .
The screw threads protrude at the top , and a washer and nut secure the template and paper to the wood .
Cut through this entire stack on a band saw , following the lines of the template on top .
The screws , which are positioned in the scrap part of the paper , are carefully cut off as the last step , so everything remains registered together throughout the process .
Issues of artistic reproducibility arise when a cutting machine is involved .
From the templates given as figures here , or from my original computer files , anyone might use a similar machine to replicate the paper components .
Given the same paper , those parts might then be assembled into a sculpture indistinguishable from my original .
How do I feel about that ?
The perceived value of fine art lies partly in its uniqueness or limited availability .
But machine - cut parts , like digital media , are easily reproduced .
So are these modular kirigami art ?
My feeling is that they are art , but perhaps not valuable art .
The art is more in the design than the execution .
I am prouder of the intellectual property of the designs than of the particular paper embodiments illustrated .
However , I ’ll note that considerable skill in assembly is needed — they are much harder to build than they look .
In fact , I wonder if anyone but me could assemble all of these designs .
If someone does replicate any of these designs , I would wish the copy to be labeled “ Copy by X of a design by George W. Hart ” .
This would distinguish their assemblage from my original , which might be especially useful in the future , if it turns out that they assembled the parts incorrectly .
Figure 4a .
Bones , 30 parts , 5 inch Figure 4b .
Part design
Mathematically , any type of spatial symmetry might be used as the foundation for modular kirigami .
The examples in this paper all have icosahedral symmetry without mirrors .
The order of this symmetry group is sixty , so by Lagrange ’s theorem , the number of identical parts in any of these designs must be a divisor of sixty .
If there are n identical parts and each has k - fold symmetry , then n∙k=60 .
For example , in Figures 1 and 2 there are twelve 5 - fold parts and in Figure 3 there are twenty 3 - fold parts .
Another possibility is found in Figures 4 and 5 , which each have thirty 2 - fold parts .
Examples below illustrate the remaining possibility : sixty parts with no rotational symmetry .
There are no other possibilities , because the rotational order of a part must divide into the order of one of the symmetry axes .
For example , there can not be fifteen 4 - fold parts because the icosahedral group only has 2 - fold , 3 - fold , and 5 - fold axes .
( Of course , 4 - fold parts are possible in a form with other symmetries , e.g. , octahedral , not illustrated in this paper . )
The symmetry also constrains the possible symmetric color patterns , as discussed in connection with particular examples in the following section .
Figure 5 a .
Monsters , 30 parts , 5 inch Figure 5 b .
Part design
Description of Examples
Part a of each figure is the paper kirigami sculpture .
Each example is made of commercially manufactured acid - free colored card stock in various weights up to 220 gr / m2 .
Part b of each example is the template for one part .
When holding the model and turning it in one ’s hands , the viewer experiences a visual Gestalt shift between seeing the repeated parts and seeing the whole .
Figure 1 shows Deep Sea Tango , an adaptation to paper of a sculpture that I first made in acrylic plastic . [ 5 ]
In the acrylic version , the twelve identical parts are glued together at their tips .
In the paper version , slots near the tips of the arms hold everything together and friction keeps the parts from disconnecting .
The rigid acrylic version is barely possible to assemble , because the arms are always in each other ’s way .
For the paper version , I made the arms slightly longer to allow for the slots .
With this extra length , it would not be possible to assemble with rigid parts .
However , the paper arms are easily bent to bypass each other , so it is merely tricky , not impossible , to assemble .
For this instance of the design , I used paper of a single color .
But as it is based on the faces of a dodecahedron , it could also be made nicely with six colors , using one color for each pair of opposite parallel components .
I have cut parts for ten copies of this design , and given kits with an instruction sheet to various friends , for them to assemble .
But after several months , no one has reported success .
This suggests that these designs may be too complex to consider com­mercializing as do - it - yourself assembly kits , although the difficulty may lie in my instructions .
Tangled Reindeer , shown in Figure 2 , is a paper adaptation of a sculpture that I first made with solid freeform fabrication technology . [ 5 ]
The paper version in Figure 2 is made from a metal­ized card stock , which is white on the inside with a gold foil surface on the outside .
Because of the deep intermeshing of the components , it would be totally impossible to assemble with rigid parts .
However , the flexibility of paper makes it possible .
Even though I designed it , I find it confusing , as evidenced by the fact that it took me two hours to assemble , using tweezers to manipulate the small connecting tips .
Figure 3 illustrates Meanders .
This design has twenty parts , each of which connects to six others , while forming a knitting - like weave .
Above the center of each part is connection of three neighboring parts .
This type of three - way interlocking joint is very stable and will not fall apart .
Each of the three mating parts keeps the other two from unlocking .
Conversely , it takes some nimble finger work to get each set of three together .
And of course , the paper parts must be bent considerably during assembly to weave them through each other properly .
A small triangular hole in the center of each part is hidden behind each joint , not visible until one looks closely .
Figure 6 a .
Windmills , 32 parts , 4 inch Figure 6 b .
Part design
The same type of three - way interlocking joint is used in Figure 4 , Bones .
This design is rather more intricate , with sixty joints instead of twenty .
Probably it would be more understandable with multiple colors .
Each component has twelve connecting slots , but connects to only eight different components , because it doubly connects to some .
In assembling a sculpture like this , I typically go through a series of psychological stages .
It is very easy to connect the first two or three parts , because I know exactly how the local connections are designed .
When I continue adding parts , it soon becomes difficult , because in a state of partial completion , much of the context is missing so it becomes unclear what should go in front or behind of what .
But after I ’m quarter or half finished , I get a good hands - on understanding of the structure and it becomes easy again .
Then when it is nearly complete , there are new physical difficulties of getting inside to reach where I need to , with the interior closed off .
And finally , when the last piece is positioned , it all seems so easy , as I really understand the structure intellectually and tactilely , and can see each part in the context of its neighbors .
Monsters , in Figure 5 , consists of thirty identical dinosaur - like parts .
There are six parts in each of five colors .
The coloring is based on the compound of five cubes inscribed in a dodecahedron .
The six parts of any given color lie , parallel and perpendicular , in the planes of an imagined cube .
Each part joins with four others , in the other four colors .
Unfortunately , the long necks result in a somewhat flexible structure .
I feel the form would be better instantiated in a more rigid material , such as metal .
Figure 6 shows Windmills .
This design has two types of part that interlock very densely : twelve red five - fold windmills and twenty yellow three - fold windmills .
The five - fold parts lie on five - fold axes of symmetry and the three - fold parts lie on three - fold axes of symmetry .
But it is so dense that one can nowhere see a complete part , and one can not view through the interior to see the back of parts on the other side .
In person , I find it creates in the viewer a peculiar optical effect in which the eye assumes there is only one type of part , which is red on one side and yellow on the other side .
This is a novel optical illusion that I have not seen described elsewhere .
Figure 7a .
Arrows , 60 parts , 7 inch Figure 7b .
Part design
Figure 7 shows Arrows .
Here there are sixty parts with no symmetry to each part .
It is made with ten parts in each of six colors .
The ten arrows of each color form two circles of five , in two parallel planes .
Parallel circles rotate in opposite directions around a common axis .
This form is a development of a six - foot diameter wooden sculpture I made for Burning Man 2006 , but that did not use arrows or colors .
That sculpture was inspired by some designs by the sculptor Rinus Roelofs , who was in turn inspired by some designs in the notebooks of Leonardo da Vinci .
Finally , Figure 8 shows Eights , made of thirty “ 8 ” - shaped loops .
The loops are linked , so could not be assembled from uncut loops .
I made each “ 8 ” from two “ 3 ” - shaped parts that overlap to form an “ 8 ” .
Curiously , 3+3=8 .
Using slotted tabs , each “ 8 ” mates with four other “ 8 ” ’s of the same color .
So there are actually sixty parts , each with no symmetry , which overlap in pairs to make thirty apparent parts with 2 - fold symmetry .
This was extremely difficult to assemble , taking me four hours to complete after several false starts .
With some bravura , I ’ll wager a beer that no one else in the world would have the obsessive - compulsive patience to assemble it at all !
Figure 8a .
Eights , 60 parts , 5 inch Figure 8 b .
Part design
Conclusions
Modular kirigami was introduced , consisting of symmetric arrangements of cut paper , assembled purely , with no glue .
Intricate sculptural examples with icosahedral symmetry were presented .
The field is wide open for others to develop further , as many other styles , symmetries , and joint designs are possible .
I expect to see an explosion of ideas in the future , as inexpensive cutting plotters remove the tedium from the medium .
References
[ 1 ] Laura Badalucco , Kirigami : The Art of 3 - dimensional Paper Cutting , Sterling , 2001 .
[ 2 ] Graphtec , Craft ROBO , http://www.graphteccorp.com/craftrobo and http://www.craftrobostore.com
[ 3 ] Rona Gurkewitz and Bennett Arnstein , Multimodular Origami Polyhedra : Archimedeans , Buckyballs and Duality , Dover , 2003 .
[ 4 ] G. Hart , “ ‘ Slide - Together ’ Geometric Paper Constructions ” , Teachers ' workshop at Bridges Conference , 2004 , available online at http://www.georgehart.com.
[ 5 ] G. Hart , “ Sculpture from Symmetrically Arranged Planar Components ” , Proceedings of Bridges 2003 , Granada Spain , pp. 315–322 .
[ 6 ] G. Hart , “ Symmetric Sculpture ” , to appear in Journal of Mathematics and the Arts , 2007 .
[ 7 ]
Robert Lang , Origami Design Secrets : Mathematical Methods for an Ancient Art , A.K. Peters , 2003 .
[ 8 ] Jeffrey Rutzky , Kirigami , Barnes and Noble , Inc. , to appear , Fall 2007 .
[ 9 ]
John Sharp , Sliceforms : Mathematical Models from Paper Sections , Tarquin , 1997 .
[ 10 ] Florence Temko , Origami and Kirigami , Dover , 2006 .
Note
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Microsoft is to ask millions of users across Europe if they want to use a web browser other than its own .
Windows users will be offered the choice as part of a deal Microsoft struck with the European Commission .
The agreement resolves a long - running case in which the software giant was accused of abusing its market position .
A pop-up window will prompt people to choose and install one of 12 different browsers or let them stick with Microsoft 's Internet Explorer .
Install options
The browser choice software will be delivered from Monday as part of the Windows Update system Microsoft usually uses to distribute security patches .
BROWSER CHOICES Avant Chrome Firefox Flock Green Browser Internet Explorer K-meleon Maxthon Opera Safari Sleipnir Slim
Send us your comments
Although the update has been prepared for Windows XP , Vista and 7 , not all users will see it .
It will not pop up in front of those who already run a different default browser , such as Firefox , Safari or Chrome .
Users guaranteed to see it are those that have Internet Explorer ( IE ) set as their default browser and have taken the option to let Windows automatically download and install updates .
Those that have this option turned off will be prompted to download , install and run the software .
Those that have automatic updates turned off can go to the Windows Update site and run a " Check For Updates " to get it .
When it runs , the software will present users with a window that says in bold text " An important choice to make : your browser " .
It also asks people to ensure they are connected to the internet .
Once the " OK " button is clicked , they will see a screen that lists the 12 browsers available .
The Opera , Firefox , Chrome , Safari and Internet Explorer browsers are randomly ordered on the first section of this screen .
The browser choice comes as part of an anti-trust deal Another seven browsers , namely Sleipnir , Green Browser , Maxthon , Avant , Flock , K- meleon , and Slim , will be randomly ordered on the rest of the screen .
They can be viewed by scrolling sideways .
Below each listing will be a button giving more information .
Another button lets users install one of the browsers .
Alternatively , users can opt to ignore the selection and make a choice later .
If they do this a shortcut icon will appear on the Windows desktop that gives access to the browser choice window at any time .
The choice screen will keep appearing until a user has made a choice .
Anyone wanting to stick with IE will be prompted to upgrade to the latest version .
Microsoft said that Windows 7 users who have fixed or " pinned " IE to their taskbar will have it unpinned by the update .
Right clicking the icon for any browser will let users pin that program to the taskbar .
It is not yet clear what effect the browser choice will have on Internet Explorer 's market share .
Although exact estimates are hard to find , web stats firm Net Applications said IE is used by 62 % market share .
Its closest rival is Firefox at 24 % .
Some fear the browser choice system will confuse people .
Already some who have been confronted with the choice screen have been worried that their machine has been taken over or fallen victim to a virus .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Until recently scientists believed there were 100 - 200,000 lions living in Africa , but a recent survey has found that the number has dropped dramatically to approximately 23,000 , and most of these are living in protected National Parks .
But outside these parks lions are being killed at an alarming rate , and unless urgent action is taken , they may be completely wiped out from these unprotected areas .
Living with Lions is a research and conservation group based in Kenya , whose projects work in unprotected areas to save the remaining wild lions and other predators outside National Parks .
It is my pleasure to introduce to you the Lion Guardians . …
… Click here
To Learn more about Living with Lions and their outstanding projects ….
Click here
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
OPINION : A mayor with the mandate of 1.2 m voters will give the capital the strong voice it needs , writes JOHN GORMLEY
IN IRELAND we have always liked our local government weak .
Central government does n’t like creating alternative centres of power , so it has kept local authorities and their members in a relatively powerless position , largely devoid of policy input .
As a result the government of the day exercised great control over some decisions that should be made locally .
Officials , rather than councillors , took important decisions .
In the Dublin region , that ’s about to change .
The planned directly elected mayor for Dublin will first achieve a mandate for his or her vision for the city and will then be able to go about implementing it , even if central government is not too happy about it .
Some commentary in recent days on this has been quite bizarre .
People who have demanded such a development for years have found ways of dismissing this new post as one of little consequence , wielding little power .
The bottom line is that the new mayor will be elected this year , despite the scepticism that has been displayed , which is a year in advance of the original programme for government commitment .
The mayor will have the power to direct councils and their officials to implement policy in relation to waste , planning , water and the other important areas .
The word “ direct ” has a clear meaning .
He or she will have real power – a power which comes from the law , rather than from exercising control over routine administrative budgets .
The mayor will set out strategic policy across Dublin .
He or she will establish policy frameworks for the Dublin region in land - use planning – and therefore housing , waste management and water services .
The mayor will have a strong role in transport and traffic management throughout the region .
The legislation will give the mayor the authority and powers to implement – yes implement – the policies which he or she and the revamped Dublin Regional Authority lay down .
And seeing as the mayor will set out and implement strategic policy for the capital , I would hope that at each mayoral election we will have a lively and high - quality debate on what that strategic policy will be .
An electoral mandate from a population base of 1.2 million will give the mayor a unique sanction in Irish political life to act as leader and advocate for Dublin .
This is the kind of voice that has long been needed for the capital city .
When I published the outline of the Bill allowing for this directly elected mayor last week , The Irish Times chose a negative headline to announce the innovation : “ New mayor of Dublin not to have own budget ” .
While the analysis itself was balanced , this headline set the tenor of much of the debate that followed .
The new mayor of Dublin will not need his or her own budget .
The four Dublin local authorities already have a combined budget of € 1.5 billion , not counting capital expenditure of a further € 1.5 billion .
They will continue to use this to fund all operational activities .
But these activities will take place within the policy framework set out by the mayor , and when necessary s/he will direct that this policy framework be followed .
Some have drawn comparisons with the alleged superior budgetary power of the mayor of London .
The London mayor and London Assembly has published a 2010 budget of £ 3.2 billion .
However , £ 3.1 billion of this budget is for the Metropolitan Police Authority and the London Fire and Emergency Planning Authority – most of it for the police , and most of which the mayor has no discretion over .
Ireland has a national police force and there is no desire to change that .
The London mayor ’s power does n’t come from his “ control ” over this budget , and he does not control local authority budgets .
Rather , his power comes from his ability to set the policy framework for London ’s future development .
The mayor sets the agenda in which the local councils must operate .
This will be precisely the model used in Dublin .
Let me outline a few areas where the new mayor will make a real difference .
In the Planning and Development Bill , which I have before the Dáil , I am giving teeth to strong regional planning .
The mayor of Dublin will now give regional planning local political leadership , transparency and accountability .
In the past waste management planning decisions were taken off councillors and given to managers .
I am giving a democratically elected mayor , and a more focused regional authority , the responsibility of setting down the strategic plans to which the four Dublin local authorities must work .
The recent weather damage has highlighted the challenges facing Dublin in providing an adequate supply of drinking water and waste water treatment over the coming decades .
The mayor will set down the water services strategy to cater for the region ’s needs .
The Government is committed to capital support for these vital services and local authorities will continue to deliver .
The transformation of the public transport system will be accelerated in the coming years .
What ’s missing in Dublin is strong local democratic input and leadership to guide this process .
The mayor will provide this input while the Government is committed to providing the capital resources .
Our current local government model cannot give Dublin the international voice given to cities by the likes of Michael Bloomberg in New York and Ken Livingstone and Boris Johnson in London .
Dublin needs such a voice .
I am also setting up a new regional development board to bring together leaders in local government , commerce , education , enterprise and other key partners .
The mayor ’s mandate will give him or her the authority to hold these sectors to account in delivering for Dublin .
I see the mayor ’s role as expanding , not diminishing and there is a mandatory review of the powers after two years of operation .
Furthermore , the Government is examining how to provide stronger regional and local government for the country , and the provision of revenue - raising powers for local authorities .
I would see the mayor as being pivotal to any such new powers in the Dublin region .
I believe that I am providing the right mix of powers to deliver leadership for Dublin , a co-ordinated approach to planning our future and a cost - effective structure to deliver what we need .
The four Dublin local authorities between them have a budget of over € 3 billion , half of which relates to capital expenditure .
The mayor ’s powers will be implemented primarily through those authorities .
It would have been easy to create a mayor with control over administrative budgets , responsible to radio phone - in shows for every traffic light , speed ramp and snowbound street in the capital .
But this would have given us an administrator , not a mayor .
“ Creating an extra level of administration at a time of financial scarcity makes little or no sense , ” declared the editorial in this newspaper last week .
Indeed .
We do n’t want to elect a mayor who is expected to fix potholes or grit the roads .
We need a mayor who can set out and implement a vision for the city and region and that ’s what we ’re going to get .
John Gormley is Minister for Environment , Heritage and Local Government and leader of the Green Party
Seeing HTC leak a shot of a product through a confidential FCC filing is about as rare as a confirmed yeti sighting , so you can imagine our excitement with this fresh meat that just landed in the Fed 's files today .
What is it , exactly ?
Well , it 's a smartphone running 3G on WCDMA Band IV , which -- for those who do n't have their bands memorized -- is the AWS spectrum that T - Mobile uses .
In other words , we'd bet our bottom dollar that this is the rumored Android - equipped myTouch Slide that we 're looking at here -- and with a Spring launch window having been rumored in the past , this certification looks like it 's running right on time .
Your move , T - Mobile .
This will be the easiest topic for us to cover , because there really is n’t that much to talk about .
We need to discuss the different types of anchor slings , and the different ways you can rig them .
In a broad sense , the two types of slings are “ homemade ” and “ manufactured ” .
Homemade slings are anything you [… ]
Battle of the Youth Bulge
How certain large populations of idle young men will likely change the world … for the worse
“ Between 1970 and 1999 , 80 % of civil conflicts occurred in countries where 60 % of the population or more were under the age of thirty …
Today there are sixty - seven counties with youth bulges , of which sixty of them are experiencing social unrest and violence . ” – Council on Foreign Relations
A surge in youth population leads most nations in one of two directions : Economic boom or social bust .
While much of the world is currently focused on the aging populations of powerhouse nations like the US and Japan , certain regions of the world are growing startlingly younger .
Social scientists call these phenomena “ youth bulges . ”
By necessity , they take time to play out .
But even in these early stages , it ’s easy to see what ’s coming … and a lot of it is pretty unsettling .
Yemen has captured American attention just a few times in the last decade .
The assailants of the USS Cole were from there , and the infamous “ underwear bomber ” – who was trained in Yemen – tried to spoil Christmas Day 2009 .
In both cases , we as a nation spent the proceeding weeks tripping over ourselves … searching for answers as to how this came to be , who to blame , and how to stop it from happening again .
But , as usual , few ask “ why ? ”
That ’s a more stinging question , of course .
One of the few easy answers is this : Yemen is overflowing with disaffected kids .
An amazing 46 % of the Yemeni population is under 16 years old .
That ’s the highest youth ratio for any nation in the world outside of Africa .
By comparison , only 20 % of Americans occupy this demographic .
Recipe for Disaster
If there ’s a better model out there for youth bulges at risk , we ca n’t find it .
Yemen has been plagued with civil war for most of the last century .
45 % of the population lives in poverty .
Social mobility is a rarity .
Barley half the population can read .
Life expectancy is relatively low ( 60 years old for men ) .
Only 3 % of the land is arable and most of the nation suffers a constant shortage of potable water .
What little land and water is available for agriculture is mostly used for growing khat – the same amphetamine - like narcotic that helped turn Americas ’ brief occupation of Mogadishu into “ Black Hawk Down . ”
The drug is hugely popular in Yemen , where as much as 90 % of men chew it everyday .
A headline of a recent TIME article gives the addiction credence – “ Is Yemen Chewing Itself to Death ? ”
The icing on Yemen ’s sheet cake of problems :
The nation ’s one great source of income – oil , which accounts for 75 % of government revenue – will likely run dry by 2020 .
In other words , the country has less than ten years to completely reinvent its economy .
Yet despite it all , the Yemeni population has doubled since 1975 to 22 million , now the second most populous nation in the Arab peninsula .
Today , the average woman in Yemen has 6.5 children .
Why the West Should Listen Up
Does Yemen ’s “ youth bulge ” matter to the Western world ?
Ask the passengers of Northwest Airlines Flight 253 , or seamen of the USS Cole , or all the travelers , soldiers and businesses that will be affected by subsequent policies .
Yemen ’s porous borders , lack of police force , predominantly Muslim population and disaffected youth are ideal breading grounds for Islamic radicalism .
Yemen was second only to Saudi Arabia in the number of soldiers sourced to fight the USSR in Afghanistan in the ’ 80s … the very group of soldiers that would one day form a group called “ Al Qaeda . ”
Any government or business that plans on sailing through the Red Sea should take notice .
Other than sailing around Africa , there is simply no way to connect the Indian Ocean and Mediterranean Sea without brushing up against Yemen .
Its narrow Mandab Strait is the only way into the Red Sea and Suez Canal .
Over 3.3 million barrels of oil pass through this strait every day , roughly 7 % of daily global tanker loads .
Worse yet , what can be said for Yemen is hardly dissimilar from many of its Middle Eastern neighbors .
At least 40 % of the populations of Iraq , Afghanistan , Sudan and Oman are under 14 years old .
In the whole Middle Eastern region , 65 % of the population is under 30 .
Suffice to say many are struggling with plights themselves … food and water scarcity , peak oil , Jihadism , political instability , etc .
The same goes for most of Africa , too – though few nations there wield the same kind of petrol - power or propensity for global terrorism as the Middle East .
“ The ‘ War on Terrorism ’ promises to be expensive , ” Bill Bonner and I observed in Financial Reckoning Day seven years ago , “ simply because there are so many potential terrorists to fight .
Westerners constitute a decreasing minority of the global population :
In 1990 , they amounted to 30 % of humanity ; in 1993 that number had dropped to 13 % and by 2025 , following current trends , the percentage will fall to 10 % .
At the same time , the Muslim world is growing younger and increasing in numbers .
“ In fact , Muslims ’ market share of the global population has increased dramatically throughout the twentieth century and will continue to do so until the proportion of Westerners to Muslims is inverse that of the 1900 ratio .
By 1980 , Muslims constituted 18 % of the world ’s population and , in 2000 , more than 20 % .
By 2025 , they are expected to account for 30 % of world population . ”
Thus , like the Protestant Reformation , the French Revolution , the Iranian Revolution or even the “ free love ” ’60s here in the US – a very large , disaffected population in the Middle East is coming of age .
If social and political conditions there remain the same – and we see little reason why they would n’t – the worst from the region is likely yet to come .
And if the social and political scene there deteriorates – with the help of peak oil , religious wars and constant Western intervention – darker times are practically guaranteed .
Regards ,
Addison Wiggin
for The Daily Reckoning
Home Recipes Ingredients Equipment Techniques Reviews Beer Books Contact About Us Home > Techniques >
Air Drying Chilli Peppers
If you ’re anything at all like me , chillies , especially the hot ones are an ingredient best used very sparingly .
As a little chilli goes a long way in our house , what do you do if you come into a large number of fresh chillies all at once ?
Rather than just letting them spoil , why not try drying them instead .
The process starts with the fresh chillies .
They should have the stalk still attached and be in good condition .
The pictures show the chillies we are going to use in this example .
We were given them by a friend who grows their own and had a glut at harvest time .
The next step is to take some string and tie them to it as close together as possible however it does n’t really matter how far they are apart so long as you have enough space to hang them .
When doing this I use a simple slip knot which is easy to tie and release but if you happen to have a heavy needle handy you can also thread the chillies onto the string using that as well .
If using a needle you need to thread them through the base of the stem rather than through the flesh of the chilli .
The next step is an easy one ; simply hang the string of chillies and leave them for a few weeks .
The best place is to hang them in a well ventilated area with plenty of air flow .
The actual drying time will depend upon the conditions where you hang them .
High humidity , cooler temperatures and low air flow will mean a longer drying time .
Low humidity , higher temperatures and good air flow will dry the chillies faster .
After a while you will see that the skin will start to wrinkle up , the chillies will start to shrink slightly and get lighter as the moisture is removed .
When they are dry you can remove them from the string and store them in an air tight container .
If stored in a cool dark location , dry chillies can last for up to a year .
The method outlined above will work for most varieties of chilli pepper providing they are n’t too big .
For those of us for whom a little Chilli goes a long way , drying Chilli Peppers is an easy way to extend the life of this versatile cooking staple .
Total time : Up to 21 days
Recipe By Martin , Flavoursome Delights Current Rating : 4.72
From : 29 votes Rate it now
Rating 1 Star 2 Stars 3 Stars 4 Stars 5 Stars Select Rating
Like the recipe ?
Sign up to have our latest additions delivered to your inbox
Email Address :
Or please feel free to leave comments below .
We 'd love to hear whar you think .
You may also like Do you have a website ?
Please feel free to link to this page by copying and pasting the code below .
< a href= " http://flavoursomedelights.com/ET/Techniques/DryChilli/ "
> Air Drying Chilli Peppers</a>
Today , insurance covers almost all health - care expenditures .
The few consumers who pay from their pockets are simply an afterthought for most providers .
Imagine how things might change if more people were buying their health care the way they buy anything else .
I ’m certain that all the obfuscation over prices would vanish pretty quickly , and that we ’d see an end to unreadable bills .
And that physicians , who spend an enormous amount of time on insurance - related paperwork , would have more time for patients .
In fact , as a result of our fraying insurance system , you can already see some nascent features of a consumer - centered system .
Since 2006 , Wal - Mart has offered $ 4 prescriptions for a month ’s supply of common generic medications .
It has also been slowly rolling out retail clinics for routine care such as physicals , blood work , and treatment for common ailments like strep throat .
Prices for each service are easily obtained ; most are in the neighborhood of $ 50 to $ 80 .
Likewise , “ concierge care , ” or the “ boutique ” style of medical practice — in which physicians provide unlimited services and fast appointments in return for a fixed monthly or annual fee — is beginning to spread from the rich to the middle class .
Qliance Medical Group , for instance , now operates clinics serving some 3,000 patients in the Seattle and Tacoma , Washington , areas , charging $ 49 to $ 79 a month for unlimited primary care , defined expansively .
It ’s worth pausing over this last example .
Many experts believe that the U.S. would get better health outcomes at lower cost if payment to providers were structured around the management of health or whole episodes of care , instead of through piecemeal fees .
Medicare and private insurers have , to various degrees , moved toward ( or at least experimented with ) these sorts of payments , and are continuing to do so — but slowly , haltingly , and in the face of much obstruction by providers .
But are n’t we likely to see just these sorts of payment mechanisms develop organically in a consumer - centered health - care system ?
For simplicity and predictability , many people will prefer to pay a fixed monthly or annual fee for primary or chronic care , and providers will move to serve that demand .
Likewise , what patient , when considering getting an artificial hip , would want to deal with a confusion of multiple bills from physicians , facilities , and physical therapists ?
Are n’t providers likely to organize themselves to provide a single price to the consumer for care and rehabilitation ?
And wo n’t that , in itself , put pressure on providers to work together as efficiently as possible , and to minimize the medical errors that would eat into their joint fee ?
I suspect we would see a rapid decline in the predominance of the fee - for - service model , making way for real innovation and choice in service plans and funding .
And the payment system would not be set by fiat ; it would remain responsive to treatment breakthroughs and changes in consumer demand .
Many consumers would be able to make many decisions , unaided , in such a system .
But we ’d also probably see the rise of health - care agents — paid by , and responsible to , the consumer — to help choose providers and to act as advocates during long and complex care episodes .
How else might the system change ?
Technological innovation — which is now almost completely insensitive to costs , and which often takes the form of slightly improved treatments for much higher prices — would begin to concern itself with value , not just quality .
Many innovations might drive prices down , not up .
Convenient , lower - cost specialty centers might proliferate .
The need for unpaid indigent care would go away — everyone , recall , would have both catastrophic insurance and an HSA , funded entirely by the government when necessary — and with it much of the rationale for protecting hospitals against competition .
Of course , none of this would happen overnight .
And the government has an essential role to play in arming consumers with good information .
Congress should require maximum transparency on services , prices , and results ( and some elements of the Obama administration ’s reform plan would move the industry in this direction ) .
We should establish a more comprehensive system of quality inspection of all providers , and publish all the findings .
Safety and efficacy must remain the cornerstone of government licensing , but regulatory bias should favor competition and prevent incumbents from using red tape to forestall competition .
Moving from the system we ’ve got now to the one I ’ve outlined would be complicated , and would take a long time .
Most of us have been paying into an insurance system for years , expecting that our future health - care bills would be paid ; we have n’t been saving separately for these expenses .
It would take a full generation to completely migrate from relying on Medicare to saving for late - life care ; from Medicaid for the disadvantaged to catastrophic insurance and subsidized savings accounts .
Such a transition would require the slow reduction of Medicare taxes , premiums , and benefit levels for those not yet eligible , and a corresponding slow ramp - up in HSAs .
And the national catastrophic plan would need to start with much broader coverage and higher premiums than the ultimate goal , in order to fund the care needed today by our aging population .
Nonetheless , the benefits of a consumer - centered approach — lower costs for better service — should have early and large dividends for all of us throughout the period of transition .
The earlier we start , the less a transition will ultimately cost .
Many experts oppose the whole concept of a greater role for consumers in our health - care system .
They worry that patients lack the necessary knowledge to be good consumers , that unscrupulous providers will take advantage of them , that they will overspend on low - benefit treatments and under - spend on high - benefit preventive care , and that such waste will leave some patients unable to afford highly beneficial care .
They are right , of course .
Whatever replaces our current system will be flawed ; that ’s the nature of health care and , indeed , of all human institutions .
Our current system features all of these problems already — as does the one the Obama reforms would create .
Because health care is so complex and because each individual has a unique health profile , no system can be perfect .
I believe my proposed approach passes two meaningful tests .
It will do a better job than our current system of controlling prices , allocating resources , expanding access , and safeguarding quality .
And it will do a better job than a more government - driven approach of harnessing medicine ’s dynamism to develop and spread the new knowledge , technologies , and techniques that improve the quality of life .
We wo n’t be perfect consumers , but we ’re more likely than large bureaucracies to encourage better medicine over time .
All of the health - care interest groups — hospitals , insurance companies , professional groups , pharmaceuticals , device manufacturers , even advocates for the poor — have a major stake in the current system .
Overturning it would favor only the 300 million of us who use the system and — whether we realize it or not — pay for it .
Until we start asking the type of questions my father ’s death inspired me to ask , until we demand the same price and quality accountability in health care that we demand in everything else , each new health - care reform will cost us more and serve us less .
$ 636,687.75
Ten days after my father ’s death , the hospital sent my mother a copy of the bill for his five - week stay : $ 636,687.75 .
He was charged $ 11,590 per night for his ICU room ; $ 7,407 per night for a semiprivate room before he was moved to the ICU ; $ 145,432 for drugs ; $ 41,696 for respiratory services .
Even the most casual effort to compare these prices to marginal costs or to the costs of off - the - shelf components demonstrates the absurdity of these numbers , but why should my mother care ?
Her share of the bill was only $ 992 ; the balance , undoubtedly at some huge discount , was paid by Medicare .
Was n’t this an extraordinary benefit , a windfall return on American citizenship ?
Or at least some small relief for a distraught widow ?
Not really .
You can feel grateful for the protection currently offered by Medicare ( or by private insurance ) only if you do n’t realize how much you truly spend to fund this system over your lifetime , and if you believe you ’re getting good care in return .
Would our health - care system be so outrageously expensive if each American family directly spent even half of that $ 1.77 million that it will contribute to health insurance and Medicare over a lifetime , instead of entrusting care to massive government and private intermediaries ?
Like its predecessors , the Obama administration treats additional government funding as a solution to unaffordable health care , rather than its cause .
The current reform will likely expand our government ’s already massive role in health - care decision - making — all just to continue the illusion that someone else is paying for our care .
But let ’s forget about money for a moment .
Are n’t we also likely to get worse care in any system where providers are more accountable to insurance companies and government agencies than to us ?
Before we further remove ourselves as direct consumers of health care — with all of our beneficial influence on quality , service , and price — let me ask you to consider one more question .
Imagine my father ’s hospital had to present the bill for his “ care ” not to a government bureaucracy , but to my grieving mother .
Do you really believe that the hospital — forced to face the victim of its poor - quality service , forced to collect the bill from the real customer — would n’t have figured out how to make its doctors wash their hands ?
' Are You with the Atheists ? '
A Unitarian Universalist attends the annual conference of American Atheists " to get some sense of what it would be like , for the first time in my life , to be the most religious person on the premises . " by Dan Kennedy I was talking with the desk clerk at Boston 's Hyatt Harborside Hotel , where the annual convention of the organization American Atheists was meeting .
My mission : to see whether I could leave and return later without incurring another parking fee .
" Are you with the atheists ? " the clerk asked .
" No ! " I responded  vehemently .
More vehemently than I had intended .
I laughed uneasily , paused , and mumbled , " I 'm a reporter .
I 'm just covering them . "
My outburst surprised me .
I should have felt some kinship with the couple of hundred atheists who had gathered that Easter weekend ( no kidding ) at the Hyatt , a modern , rather sterile hotel hard by Logan Airport .
My own spiritual journey  from a staunchly secular agnostic in my teens and early adulthood to a vaguely spiritual , but determinedly humanist , middle age  had not taken me all that far from where the atheists stand .
Yet there I was , implicitly putting them down , trying to persuade a total stranger who really did n't care that I was n't one of them .
Well , for what it 's worth , Peter denied knowing Jesus three times before the cock crowed .
More to the point , as the scholar ( and atheist ) Wendy Kaminer wrote in The New Republic in 1996 , " Atheists generate about as much sympathy as pedophiles .
But , while pedophilia may at least be characterized as a disease , atheism is a choice , a willful rejection of beliefs to which vast majorities of people cling . "
In a sense , atheism is the purest essence of one flavor of the unorthodoxy that we Unitarian Universalists cherish  one that has found little popularity since the 9/11 terrorist attacks .
The attacks may have been the direct result of religion gone bad ; yet , in the United States , the response of the majority was not to question the role of religion in public life but rather to underscore it with prayer services , vigils , and the like .
At least President Bush has taken an interfaith approach and emphasized the essentially peaceful nature of mainstream Islam .
Then , in June , a three - judge panel of the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit , in San Francisco , ruled that requiring schoolchildren to recite the Pledge of Allegiance was an unconstitutional violation of the separation of church and state because it includes the phrase " under God . "
Observers of the judicial system immediately predicted that the panel 's ruling would never withstand Supreme Court scrutiny .
But rather than let the legal process play itself out , members of Congress rushed to the steps of the Capitol to recite the Pledge , and to the floor of the House and the Senate to denounce the courts .
Their irresponsible behavior , not surprisingly , incited the more retrograde elements of public opinion .
I happened to find myself in a football stadium in Salt Lake City on the Fourth of July , attending a celebration called " Red Hot 4th . "
Normally , I find exhibitions of patriotism quite moving ; this is one liberal who flies a flag outside his house .
But I felt like a foreigner in my own country when an elderly war hero angrily led a recitation of the Pledge of Allegiance , the words " under God " spat out in defiance of " some judge in California , " as it was put by a local news anchor who was emceeing the event .
That , in turn , was followed by chants of " USA ! USA ! USA ! "
Such outbursts of public religiosity  and a decidedly know - nothing religiosity at that  remind us that most Unitarian Universalists have more in common with atheists than they do with , say , Pat Robertson or Jerry Falwell .
And it goes beyond that .
Some of us do n't just share common ground with atheists  we are atheists .
In 1997 , the Unitarian Universalist Association surveyed more than 8,000 active UUs and found that humanists  a category that includes agnostics and atheists  constituted 46 percent of the membership .
How many identify as atheists ?
The most recent nationwide survey to ask that question was conducted in 1987 by the UUA Commission on Appraisal , which found that 7 percent of Unitarian Universalists picked " atheist " over other options , including " humanist . "
Going back even further , 21 percent of Unitarian Universalists in 1979 said that the concept of God is irrelevant or harmful , down from 30 percent in 1967 .
According to a 2001 report in The Christian Century , a study by Ohio University professor James Casebolt found that 18 percent of Unitarian Universalists whom he polled in Ohio , West Virginia , and western Pennsylvania considered themselves atheists .
By comparison , a 2002 City University of New York study found that just 0.4 percent of all Americans say they 're atheists .
It 's one thing not to profess a belief in God , or gods , or whatever .
It 's something else to be as in - your - face about it as the delegates to the American Atheists convention , with their angry denunciations of the religious outburst that followed 9/11 .
For a typical Unitarian Universalist with a vaguely spiritual orientation , militant atheism such as that professed by the American Atheists represents a different , and more difficult , intellectual challenge than we 're accustomed to .
Denunciations of the religious right , and of its influence on such issues as reproductive choice and the rights of gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgendered persons , come easily to us .
So does criticism of institutions such as the hierarchical , secretive culture in the Roman Catholic Church that did so much for so long to protect priests who sexually abuse children .
By contrast , atheism  especially the outspoken brand fostered by American Atheists  forces Unitarian Universalists to look to our left rather than to our right .
Unitarian Universalists appeal to reason ; atheists say we are only slightly less superstitious than traditional believers .
The atheists issue press releases denouncing plans to erect a cross at the site of the World Trade Center , and call the " under God " phrase in the Pledge of Allegiance " as inappropriate as declaring our secular nation ' under Zeus , ' Vishnu , or any other deity . "
Such fire - breathing rhetoric makes Unitarian Universalist skepticism sound wimpy by comparison .
I went to the American Atheists convention in March  warily , furtively , no - I 'm - not - one - of - them - thank - you - very - much  to listen and to learn .
And to get some sense of what it would be like , for the first time in my life , to be the most religious person on the premises .
Ellen Johnson is a carefully groomed , soft - spoken , self - described " soccer mom " from New Jersey who comes across more as a lobbyist than a rabble - rouser .
She is also a second - generation atheist and the successor to the late Madalyn Murray O'Hair , the founder of American Atheists , by some accounts " the most hated woman in America , " and a plaintiff in the 1963 case in which the U.S. Supreme Court declared school prayer unconstitutional .
[ See " A Victory for the Heretics . " ]
Despite Johnson 's persona as the antithesis of her colorful predecessor , her rhetoric was unsparing .
Standing in front of a banner that read " American Atheists : Leading the Way for Atheists ' Civil Rights , " Johnson seethed as she denounced such post–9/11 idiocies as reintroduction of the Ten Commandments Defense Act in the House of Representatives , which would give states the right to decide whether to display the Ten Commandments on public property , and a decision by school officials in Palestine , Texas , to allow a minister to lead students in prayer .
" Atheists felt marginalized and angered , " Johnson said .
" It 's religion that caused the attack on our country , and it 's religion that divides America .
We are also grieving Americans , and we wo n't shut up and be quiet while others break the law . "
She also told the crowd about a planned " March on Washington for Godless Americans . "
The message : " We are free , proud , godless , and on the move . "
( The march , which took place on Saturday , November 2 , drew about 2,000 atheists and other non-believers , according to an account in the Washington Post .
" Ladies and gentlemen , I see a sleeping giant that is waking up and is ready to assert its political and cultural influence , " Johnson told the crowd .
And she announced the formation of an atheists ' PAC . )
To be sure , I did n't find a whole lot in Johnson 's message with which to disagree .
But my attitude tends to be : " Who cares ? " I know my views are not mainstream , and I do n't expect to see them reflected in the majority culture ; all I ask is that the majority 's views not be imposed on me .
The idea that nearly 300 people would travel across the country to spend a weekend complaining about such trivial insults  if , indeed , they can even be considered insults  struck me as weird .
At lunch Lydia Rice tried to set me straight .
A manufacturing engineer from Silicon Valley , Rice described herself as a refugee from a conservative religious childhood in which women were treated as " slaves . "
Having overcome such an upbringing , she said , the impulse to activism came naturally .
She was the prime mover behind a nonreligious memorial to the victims of 9/11 at Golden Gate State Park in San Francisco .
She is quick to point out what she sees as the damaging effects of religion on everyday life .
" There are so many religious images that are really ugly , " Rice told me .
As an example , she cited the crucifix .
" It 's a picture of a guy being tortured to death , " she said .
" Do you really want your kids looking at that ?
It 's an ugly , ugly vision . "
If being an atheist in Silicon Valley is hard , imagine what it must be like in the Shenandoah Valley region of Virginia .
James Ramsey , American Atheists ' state director for Virginia , lives near a small city called Harrisonburg .
Young , bearded , bespectacled , and with a long ponytail , he looks like the sort of person you might run into at a science - fiction convention  offset by a well - tailored suit and an unusually sober demeanor .
Ramsey , whose family finds his atheism so upsetting that he says his brother is able to refer to it only as " the A - word , " says becoming an active , outspoken atheist was part of his " leaving the closet  gays and atheists both have closets . "
His license plate reads " ATHEISM . "
He recalls the time that his supervisor at the warehouse where he works as a clerk saw him on television , protesting at City Hall against the National Day of Prayer .
He counts himself lucky that he was n't fired .
Occasionally , Ramsey says , he 'll encounter someone who is put off by his outspokenness and who tells him something like , " You need to remember what kind of community you 're in . "
Ramsey 's response : " Listen , this is my community , too . "
It 's not that the American Atheists convention was all serious presentations and polemics .
There was , for instance , the bookstore  a veritable laugh riot of bumper stickers ( " WWJD  Who Wants Jelly Donuts ? " ) , T - shirts ( " Proud to Be an American Atheist , " complete with American flag  trying wearing that to the 7 - Eleven ) , and books ( Martin Luther : Hitler 's Spiritual Ancestor  apparently serious , but a bizarrely over - the - top title nevertheless ) .
There was a presentation by Arlo Pignotti called " Holy Paraphernalia Mania , " a show of religious artifacts ranging from a Scientology E-meter to a little bronze statuette of Jesus and his dog ( " I do n't remember that in the Gospels , " he quipped ) to something called " rumpology " whereby Jacqueline Stallone ( Sylvester 's mom ) promises to predict your future if you will merely send her a photocopy of your butt , along with ( naturally ) $ 100 .
( Try " rumpology " and " Stallone " in your Web search engine .
I was amazed . )
And there was the event that convention organizers had billed as the highlight of the weekend , the showing of a video called Godstuff , by Joe Bob Briggs ( the stage name for the writer and tongue - in - cheek movie critic John Bloom ) , an outrageously over - the - top compilation of clips from religious television shows .
The star : Robert Tilton , a televangelist whose on - air greed makes Jim Bakker look like someone who 's taken a vow of poverty .
" This could be like Religious Talk Soup , " quipped Briggs , who was on hand to introduce his film and sign autographs .
At the same time , though , I could n't help but sense a forced , brittle quality to the weekend 's proceedings  a quality I could n't quite put my finger on until someone asked Briggs whether he was an atheist .
Well , no , he said , he was n't , but he added something to the effect that his religious views were closer to those of the atheists than to those of the evangelists he was lampooning .
Briggs 's confession , as it were , was met with a noticeable silence .
Later , a member of the audience gently admonished Briggs for playing a clip of a troupe of dancing rabbis strictly for laughs , saying they were actually part of a dangerous cult , and that he himself had had to struggle mightily to escape from his own family 's Judaism .
It later occurred to me that Briggs had challenged  however unintentionally  the certainty that prevailed at the convention , a certainty so rigid that it makes no effort to distinguish serious attempts to understand the universe from  well , rumpology .
The weekend 's agenda was assertion , not debate , not challenge .
I came to suspect that the last thing the conventioneers wanted was for Joe Bob Briggs to walk into their midst , make them laugh , and then admit that , no , he did n't share their certainty .
No less than that Fourth of July night in Salt Lake , there was discomfort , even a touch of anger , when the prevailing belief system was challenged .
As Andrew Stuttaford , who covered the convention for National Review , put it : " Fundamentalism , it was obvious that weekend , does not depend on a god . "
And there was the whiff of fundamentalism in the air , if by fundamentalism you mean absolute certainty , coupled with a defensiveness suggesting that , beneath the surface , maybe the certainty is n't so absolute after all .
A member of my church who also attended , an atheist who strikes me as far more comfortable in his convictions than many at the convention , later offered me a succinct assessment of the proceedings : " Not fun . "
And it stands to reason that the subset of a subset of a subset of atheists who would fly to Boston to spend their weekend listening to presentations about atheism would have to be , if not unusually dedicated , then perhaps just a tad defensive about the certainty of their beliefs .
No , not fun at all .
I do n't mean to push this line of argument too far .
I liked most of the atheists I met .
I agreed with much of what they had to say about the irrationality of dogma and about the role of religion in public life .
At one point , a speaker half - seriously proposed that Ellen Johnson run for governor of New Jersey , and I thought :
Why not ?
She 's liberal , pro-choice , pro-gay rights , and damn well is n't going to file a bill that would , say , let parents use taxpayer - financed subsides to send their kids to Catholic schools .
There is , as I said , much common ground between atheists and most Unitarian Universalists , including those of us with a spiritual orientation .
But what gets in the way , at least for me , is the certainty .
Each person has his or her own reasons for becoming a Unitarian Universalist .
Mine has a lot to do with our willingness , even eagerness , to embrace uncertainty .
If I can't accept the certainty of belief , why should I find it any more palatable to run to the arms of unbelief instead ?
After I wrote about the atheists ' convention in the Boston Phoenix last April , I received a number of e-mails from atheists who had come to Boston .
All were thoughtful ; most were appreciative that at least I had not attacked them .
But several writers suggested that by agreeing with much of their world view but rejecting their bottom line , I was fooling myself and fooling others in order to make my way more easily in mainstream society .
" Based solely upon what you wrote , it appears to me that you are a closet Atheist , " wrote one correspondent .
" You seemed to do everything possible in the article to disavow yourself from the Atheists .
You sympathized and agreed with us , but did your best to maintain a rigid schism between you and Atheism . "
Well , yes .
As I told the desk clerk at the Hyatt Harborside , I am not an atheist .
Atheism has its purposes in a culture suffused with icky piety and unthinking invocations of God , invocations voiced to explain everything from why some people live and some die to who wins the Superbowl .
In a world plagued by - isms that claim to have The Answer , atheism serves as a counterweight .
If it becomes its own Answer , then it is no better than the religiosity that it mocks .
Dan Kennedy is the senior writer for the Boston Phoenix and a member of the Northshore Unitarian Universalist Church in Danvers , Massachusetts .
His work can be found on - line at www.dankennedy.net.
UU World XVII:1 ( January / February 2003 ) : 34-37
Macworld Senior Contributor Ben Long is thinking different .
Unfortunately , it 's not the kind of different Apple had in mind when it started selling the iPad last week .
After one day with the device , Ben realized that his conclusions might put him at odds with the majority of Apple fans and giddy new iPad owners .
He wisely went into hiding , taking the iPad with him and hoping for a revelation .
Here are his reports from [ redacted ] :
Using the iPad , day two
Ah , those early hours with the iPad .
It was a simpler time .
The novelty of poking a big screen , and of ferreting out all of the clever new animations that Apple has come up with for things like re-filing an e-mail .
The buzz of seeing familiar applications retooled and redesigned for more space .
The discovery of entirely new ( to me ) apps like NYTimes Crosswords .
Download an audio file of Ben Long doing a dramatic reading of this article ( MP4 , 10 MB ) .
Things started out so well .
Brought the iPad home from the store .
Removed it from the expected , beautiful packaging .
Confirmed that it was made in the country of California .
Yes , I miss yesterday .
It was an innocent day spent playing with a new toy .
What the ancient Romans referred to as " circumpedi . "
I 'm writing this from an undisclosed location .
As the only person in the Northern Hemisphere who does n't like the iPad , I fear for my safety .
Macworld has been unable to guarantee my continued well - being , and so I have retreated to what I hope will remain a secret locale .
My supplies are limited , the lodging austere .
It 's just me , my iPad , and an actual usable device , my trusty 13 - inch MacBook .
I only hope that my supplies last long enough so I can sneak out under cover of HP 's Slate launch .
Day three
This morning I decided to try , once again , to use the iPad for something practical .
I figured that maybe things would go better this time , but alas , my frustration only grew .
I needed to research a product and order something , a process that would require comparing listings on several different Web pages with some suggestions that a friend had e-mailed to me .
Happily , I sat down with the iPad in my lap and managed to type the URL correctly on only the third try .
As always , the page loaded quickly and looked great , for a smallish screen .
Oh wait , I forgot , we do n't compare the iPad screen to something reasonable like a 13 - inch MacBook screen , we only compare it to the iPhone .
Sure enough , it 's enormous .
Soon , though , the thrill of the Imax - like - by - comparison - to - the - iPhone screen was tempered by the hassle of trying to compare items on multiple Web pages .
In addition to not being able to place pages side by side , switching between pages involves multiple taps , separated by a scan of a bunch of tiny thumbnails .
Giving up on this approach , I took to transferring prices from different pages onto a piece of paper , using a pencil .
This made comparisons much simpler , but I shudder to think what would happen if I were seen doing this in public .
Comparing
Web pages to e-mail was even more disconcerting as I had to leave Safari entirely , click on Mail , and then go back to the Home page and relaunch Safari .
In addition to being frustrating , this approach is somewhat perplexing because other iPad apps have the ability to open a Web page in a pop - up sheet .
Surely Apple knows about this part of the iPad API .
. . .
Obviously , multitasking is more important than I realized .
Pencils are running low .
I fear for my continued productivity .
But perhaps I 've thrown too complex a browsing task at this device .
After all , it 's merely supposed to be the greatest Web browsing experience ever .
What happens if I just stick to a single page ?
I spend some time reading a forum discussion .
Sure enough , there is something interesting about holding the device and feeling the Web in my hands as if it were a ream of paper .
But even this is a lot of work .
A lot more work than merely pressing the spacebar every time I want to advance by a screenful .
Instead , I have to swipe , and hope that the screen scrolls far enough , but not too far .
And instead of merely tapping on a link , I often have to pinch the screen to get the link big enough to hit , tap it , and then tap the screen again to get it back to the right size .
Interacting with the screen is fun at first , but is this really more efficient ?
Have noticed that , when it comes to making phone calls , the iPad works every bit as well as the iPhone .
Day four
Steve taught us long ago that typing on the iPhone required practice , and he spoke the truth .
After three or four days , I was typing very quickly and accurately on the iPhone .
I was surprised to find that it was much easier than typing on my Treo keyboard .
Deciding the iPad might be the same way , I launched Notes app and gave serious typing another try .
The iPad has taught me much about my typing habits .
For instance , I never realized that I routinely rest fingers on keys that I 'm not actually pressing , and I never knew how often my fingers brush keys on the way to the key that I want to press .
On the iPad , these habits result in an astonishing number of extra characters appearing .
Deciding to employ my iPhone habits of typing , and correcting later , I barrel ahead .
But editing is as tedious on the iPad as it is on the iPhone .
Instead of including virtual cursor keys , Apple decided to keep the tap - wait - move - little - tiny - handles - around approach to editing .
I have a list of things that I would one day like to learn .
I 'm fairly certain that relearning to type is not on the list .
I thought about moving the list to the iPad to look it over , but figuring out how to transfer the document was too complicated .
[ Two hours later ]
Neck is hurting .
Hands are achy , and am feeling the beginnings of eye strain .
At first , I assume that it 's the stress of my exile and isolation , but then I opened the MacBook ( as I needed to do some actual typing ) and realized what a better position it is than the iPad .
With the iPad on my lap , I have to crane my neck to look down — the laptop screen sits more in front , and at a far more comfortable angle .
So I try to hold the iPad upright to read it , but this quickly pains my hand .
Granted , I 'm someone with bad RSIs , so these posture concerns probably wo n't plague most people .
Especially the elderly that are allegedly a prime market for this device .
Of course , I could get a case that would allow the iPad to stand upright , and a keyboard that would give me a worthwhile typing experience .
In fact , I probably would n't even have to spend that much money to get it back up to the level of functionality and weight of a netbook .
But of course , why not just carry a netbook ?
My Apple - fueled conditioning reminds me that I should think of the iPad as a modular netbook .
I would only connect the keyboard when I needed to type .
This would be great for airplanes !
Without a keyboard , it 'll fit on a tray table , but in my room I 'll have a real keyboard !
Of course , hotel room tables and desks are always too high for me to type comfortably , and there 's no way to use the iPad with a keyboard in my lap , so I 'm back to RSI risk .
Food supplies are running low .
I wish now that I 'd bought the leather iPad case , for the neoprene one is definitely inedible .
Day five
I 'm approaching this all wrong .
This is a media consumption device .
I 'm trying too hard to create things on it , I should go consume .
Earlier today , an e-mail arrived containing links to some work - related videos .
I sat at the MacBook , ready to watch , and then remembered that sitting upright is so 2005 , and that with my iPad I can now lie on the couch and watch video , just as if I had a TV in the room .
Fortunately , there 's no TV in my current location , so I do n't have to wonder why I would watch a tiny iPad screen instead of a TV .
Sure enough , the couch was very comfortable , and the iPad was easy enough to hold .
Fortunately , none of the videos were Flash - based , so I was able to launch the first one with no problem .
I found it curious that the filmmakers had chosen to superimpose a nose over every scene , but decided that it must have some symbolic purpose that I did n't understand .
Granted , one does n't think of training videos as having great symbolism , but these are complex times we live in .
The movie continued , and I was surprised at the quality of the iPad 's audio .
The couch was still comfortable , my hands were still okay .
And that nose was still in the video .
Suddenly , I could n't take my eyes off it .
It was incredibly well - rendered .
What 's more , it looked familiar .
After a moment , I realized it was my nose reflected so perfectly in the overly glossy screen that I could easily see that I was overdue for some quality time with a trimmer .
I tried tilting the iPad to get rid of the nose but found only cheekbones , couch patterns , distant windows , fireplace mantelpieces .
After a minute or so I realized that I had not been paying attention to the video , so distracted was I by the terrible reflection .
Returning to the MacBook , I finished watching in the unhip comfort of a regular chair .
But still , the promise of a small video player is incredibly compelling .
Just think about it on an airplane .
I could load it up with movies and watch for an entire flight , thanks to the iPad 's excellent battery life .
Of course , because of the lousy keyboard I can't use it in place of a laptop , so I would have to carry the iPad and my MacBook .
How is it that , for years , I 've pined for a lighter laptop , and now I 'm considering carrying an extra pound - and - a - half just to watch videos on an airplane ?
An airplane that probably has a TV set built - in to the seat .
Have decided to grow the hell up and learn to just sit quietly like people used to have to do when flying .
Day six
I was hopeful that some reading would take my mind off my current travails .
As a Kindle user for the last year , I am already accustomed to the differences between book and e-book reading , and have greatly appreciated the ergonomic advantages of the Kindle 2 over a physical book .
I can hold it with one hand for extended periods .
I can lie on my side and read for a long time , without having to roll from side to side as I turn pages .
I can read while using my electric toothbrush .
It 's been a revelation .
Fortunately , the Kindle reader for the iPad gives me access to all the books that I already own .
In addition to giving me immediate access to my media , I find it 's a classier - looking application than Apple 's iBooks which is laden with cartoony page animations and fake page - edges .
Microsoft Bob must work for Apple now .
But again , there 's the glare .
And the weight .
And because the screen is so touch - sensitive , it 's hard not to accidentally turn pages .
But most of all , there 's that screen .
That computer - like screen .
That screen that reminds me of work , and of " the media . "
That screen that looks nothing like a piece of paper .
When I look at the iPad screen , I 'm back in the virtual world of cyberspace , rather than relaxing on my couch with a physical object .
Of course , the Kindle delivers electronic media , too , but the E Ink screen manages to trick me into feeling like I 'm reading a book , not engaging with the media bubble .
No , there will be no recanting for me .
The iPad does nothing that I can't do with any of my other computers , or my iPhone .
What 's more , though , my computers do most of those things better .
They have interfaces that are more efficient , screens that are easier to read , and ergonomics that are profoundly more comfortable and healthy for someone with repetitive stress injuries .
Granted , I may not be the target market for this device .
I 'm comfortable using a computer , and I do n't tend to surf the Web as a form of entertainment .
I 'm tempted to return it , but fear the exposure .
My only hope is that my supplies last until some kind of " killer app " appears , and changes my mind .
[ Macworld senior contributor Ben Long is the author of Complete Digital Photography , fifth edition ( Charles River Media , 2009 ) . ]
It 's not even ten in the morning and Krisha Ravikantharaja is getting ready to eat lunch in the Glenforest Secondary school cafeteria .
School only started about an hour and half ago .
It is only second period , but already lunch time for some of the students – at 9:50 a.m .
“ We 've been told that school cafeteria is not big enough to hold all the students at once , ” said Ravikantharaja , staring at her sandwich glumly .
“ I force myself to eat , because it 's either that or starve for the rest of the day , ” the Grade 10 Mississauga student said .
Faced with booming enrolment numbers , one - third of schools in the Peel District School board are scheduling lunch breaks before 11 a.m. for some students with no subsequent break until classes end at 3 p.m .
“ Actually , 10 out of our 31 high schools have lunch slotted over three periods , ” said board spokesperson Ryan Reyes .
Glenforest Secondary is one of those Peel District schools .
Although most students have lunch between 11:10 a.m. and 1:45 p.m. , around 370 students like Ravikantharaja have no choice but to eat earlier .
The school has 1,396 students , approximately 370 students over capacity .
That ’s not the practice at other GTA school boards .
Catherine Parsonage , senior manager of business development at the Toronto District School Board , was shocked to learn about the Peel school board ’s early lunch system .
“ Wow !
Really ?
They really do that ? ”
Parsonage said when she learned of it .
“ We try not to have school lunches that early , unless it 's a very exceptional situation , ” she said .
Earl Haig Secondary School , one of Toronto 's largest public schools with 2,000 students , is likely the only school with a lunch starting at 10:30 a.m .
Newmarket
High school is also the only school in York region that has lunch period starting at 10 a.m.
Ross Virgo , a spokesperson for the board , said a recent influx of students to the school 's new French immersion program forced it to schedule an early lunch .
Currently the school has 1,250 students , approximately 100 students over capacity .
Daina Kalnins , a registered dietician and a manager of clinical dietetics at the Hospital for Sick Children , agreed with the students that an early lunch seems unreasonable .
“ It 's not fair to these students , ” she said .
Although she knows of no studies on when exactly students should eat , Kalnins said meals should be generally spaced out every three to four hours .
“ It 's just common sense based on when food empties out of the stomach , which usually takes three to four hours , ” she said .
Kalnins is also concerned that some hungry teens might overeat when they get home or stop at fast food restaurants .
“ This is just setting them up for worse nutritious habits . ”
Kalnins added children should pay attention to hunger pangs , as energy levels would drop unless they are allowed to snack in class .
In Peel region , earlier lunches are usually scheduled at older schools where the cafeteria is not large enough to accommodate all students at once .
There is no official school board policy on when students should each lunch ; it is up to the individual school to designate lunch periods .
Glenforest principal Cindy Horvath said students are assigned staggered early lunches to address scheduling issues .
Reyes added some students might prefer the early lunch time , especially if they skip breakfast .
“ I did n't ask for that and I do n't skip breakfast .
Does that mean I should be getting a later lunch period ? ” asked Aakash Shaw , another Grade 10 student at Glenforest .
A few sympathetic teachers let them snack in class , but “ it 's hard to eat and write down your notes at the same time , ” Shaw complained .
“ I ca n't concentrate properly . ”
During second - period lunch , most students were not eating .
Lunch boxes were pushed aside as most students concentrated on finishing up homework or chatting with friends .
“ The upside of having this early lunch period is that I get to study for the next three classes , catch up on my homework , ” said student Sheldon Vaz .
“ But then I ’m starving by the time I get home . ”
The school has not received any formal complaints from students or concerned parents .
“ I just do n’t want to make a scene , so I have n’t said anything .
But even some of the teachers complain sometimes , so it ’s clearly an issue , ” Ravikantharaja said .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Her mother also feels 9:50 a.m. is too early for lunch .
“ It ’s better for the kids if it is changed , but what can we do ? ” Ranjana Ravikantharaja said .
“ She ’ll bring her lunch home and that ’s wasteful .
And when she comes home , she ’s hungry and wants to eat right away . ”
Reyes conceded there are alternatives to scheduling around crowded cafeterias .
Some Peel region schools have one extended lunch period , which is then divided into three staggered time slots to accommodate all students — a model clearly not in use at Glenforest Secondary .
Ten Peel region schools follow this model , while another 11 have only two lunch periods .
“ I just want lunch at a normal hour , you know , after 11 o’clock , ” Krisha Ravikantharaja said .
“ Why is that so hard to get ? ”
Peel public schools with early lunches :
Brampton Centennial S.S .
Chinguacousy S.S .
Erindale S.S .
Fletchers Meadow S.S .
Glenforest S.S .
Heart Lake S.S .
Humberview S.S .
Mayfield S.S .
Rick Hansen S.S .
Streetsville S.S .
Hey !
You know what 's a new and different observation ?
The iPad is , like , totally just like that thing in Minority Report ... and Harry Potter ... and Star Trek ...
Yeah , I think we 're all getting sick of the comparisons / lawsuits at this point , which is what makes this new parody video , " Apple vs. Predator , " so spot -on .
Buzz Out Loud put out a proclamation to make a video that merged Aliens vs. Predator and Apple 's recent woes , which resulted in the below vid by YouTuber Kelvington .
The pilfered feature in question in this video is Apple 's " slide to unlock " capability , which Predators of yore did , indeed , appear to create .
After all the lawsuits and trademark battles surrounding this and other Apple products , this video , with its whimsical tagline —
" It 's about to get litigious " — brings some much - needed levity .
I still think J.J. Abrams should sue , though .
[ via TUAW ]
Breast Milk
Until now , the foods I 've sampled for this section have all come from the supermarket .
Then one day I realized that a perfectly viable " Steve Don't Eat It " candidate has been sitting right under my nose for months .
Right in my very own refrigerator .
And it came right out of my wife !
No , I 'm not talking about that giant cucumber , perv .
I 'm talking about breast milk .
That 's right .
And not just a little drop off the odd finger , but a genuine slug of freshly - pumped wife juice .
( I 'll go ahead and ignore the shiver I just got , and keep typing . )
Thinking about actually drinking breast milk has caused me to ponder the question :
Is it not weirder to drink cow 's milk which is truly intended for baby cows ?
The answer :
Hell no !
The only thing weirder than me drinking breast milk , is the fact that milk is coming out of my wife 's chest in the first place .
It sure as hell did n't do that when I met her .
I 'm telling you , the whole thing is lunacy .
I love my wife , but does she really have to be such a mammal ?
Okay , I have put this off long enough .
The time has come .
I 'm off to The Booby Bar to see what they 've got on tap ...
Oh , where do I begin ?
Well , I did feel the need to find the appropriate glass .
Drinking it from a baby bottle seemed too on the nose ( not to mention too creepy ) , and I did n't have enough milk to justify a martini glass .
( Although with a splash of Bailey 's I suppose you 'd have yourself a nice " Nippletini . " )
Luckily the " Dumbass Website Gods " smiled down upon me .
I came across the only shot glass we happened to have in the house , and it was actually from Wisconsin -- The Milk State !
I must admit that my aversion to drinking breast milk is something of a double - standard .
Let me try to put this as delicately as I can out of respect to my female readers ... but some women have been known to willingly " ingest " a certain dubious " body fluid " made by men , during moments of " intimacy . "
( These moments are known as " blow jobs . "
These women are known as " awesome . " )
Nevertheless , I could n't bring myself to just do the whole shot at once , so I started out with a little girly sip .
And the truth is it 's not that bad at all .
It tastes like milk , just slightly more sweet .
And mentally , just slightly more making me want to gargle with Clorox and assume the fetal position while I question my life .
Now , while I may have issues with drinking this stuff , I have been a huge fan of its packaging for years .
You may be interested to know that breast milk is now available in a variety of convenient sizes :
from the portable , half - pint container ...
to the more economical one gallon jugs .
To make things more interesting , and a little bit easier on myself , I decided to break out the Hershey 's syrup and whip up some chocolate breast milk .
This time I just knocked the shot right back , and two words immediately came to mind : Yoo Hoo .
It tasted just like good ol ' Yoo Hoo .
I almost want to say that drinking breast milk is n't so bad , except the other two - word phrases that also came to mind were " stomach pump " and " kill me . "
I 'm officially leaving all future breast milk drinking in the capable hands of my baby boy -- the one guy who now gets to second base with my wife way more than I do .
But , I do n't mind .
I love that little asshole .
( All volumes of Steve , Do n't Eat It can be found here . )
Posted by Steven | Archive
There and not there ( Image : Baoba Images / Getty )
Does Schrödinger ’s cat really exist ?
You bet .
The first ever quantum superposition in an object visible to the naked eye has been observed .
Aaron O’Connell and colleagues at the University of California , Santa Barbara , did not actually produce a cat that was dead and alive at the same time , as Erwin Schrödinger proposed in a notorious thought experiment 75 years ago .
But they did show that a tiny resonating strip of metal – only 60 micrometres long , but big enough to be seen without a microscope – can both oscillate and not oscillate at the same time .
Alas , you could n’t actually see the effect happening , because that very act of observation would take it out of superposition .
“ We talk about quantum weirdness and things being in two places at once , but it all involves atoms and molecules , stuff we do n’t normally interact with , ” says O’Connell , who presented the results at the March meeting of the American Physical Society in Portland , Oregon , today .
Advertisement
Bridge between worlds
Proving that all objects , whatever their size , obeys the same rules has long been a goal of physicists .
But with quantum mechanics it is no trivial matter : the larger an object , the more easily its fragile quantum state is destroyed by the disruptive influence of the world around it .
O’Connell ’s experiments required delicate control and a temperature of just 25 millikelvin to measure the state in the few nanoseconds before it was broken down by disruptive influences from outside .
“ It was a close call , but sufficient to see a first quantum signature , ” says Markus Aspelmeyer of the University of Vienna , Austria , who was not involved in the research .
The key was to connect the resonating strip to a superconducting qubit – a tiny electric circuit that can easily be prepared in a quantum superposition of two energy states .
“ The qubit acts as a bridge between the microscopic and the macroscopic worlds , ” says O’Connell .
By tuning the frequency at which the qubit cycled between its two states to match the resonant frequency of the metallic strip , the qubit ’s quantum state could be transferred to the resonator at will .
When measured afterwards , the resonator was sometimes in its non-oscillating ground state and sometimes in an oscillating “ excited ” state .
The number of times it was measured to be in each state followed the probabilistic rules of quantum mechanics .
Next , the cat ?
“ It ’s like you have a child ’s swing that goes back and forth , ” says O’Connell .
“ We pushed the swing and did n’t push the swing at the same time . ”
“ This is challenging and creative work , ” says Khaled Karrai of Ludwig - Maximilian University Munich , Germany .
“ If correct , it is a breakthrough . ”
Schrödinger ’s cat would be unlikely to survive the frigid temperatures of such experiments , so it is perhaps not the next milestone to look out for .
But now the spooky influence of quantum physics on visible objects has been proved , can we expect to be putting an object as large as a real child ’s swing into an indeterminate quantum state any time soon ?
O’Connell thinks so .
“ I ’d say in the near future – in the next 20 years . ”
Journal reference : Nature , DOI : 10.1038/nature08967
Employing a broad - based lobbying effort , the soft drink industry has smothered a plan to tax sugared beverages -- a plan advocates said would have reduced obesity and helped finance healthcare reform .
Only months ago , public health advocates thought the tax would be a natural for congressional Democrats looking for revenue to fund expanded health insurance coverage .
The soaring costs of treating ailments related to excess weight -- including diabetes and heart disease -- added urgency to the issue .
But the White House staff reviewing funding options never embraced the idea even after President Obama expressed interest last summer .
A key congressional committee , after initially seeming receptive , ended up refusing to consider it .
Several minority advocacy groups , including some committed to fighting obesity , lined up against the tax after years of receiving financial support from the industry .
There is no sign that First Lady Michelle Obama will mention taxes Tuesday when she unveils her new healthy - eating initiative , which had input from fast food and soft drink representatives .
Meanwhile , beverage lobbyists attacked some of the country ’s most distinguished nutrition scientists , accusing them of bias and distorting available evidence .
The beverage industry also financed research that reached conclusions favorable to its position .
No one underestimated the difficulty of getting new taxes approved , but Rep. Linda T. Sanchez ( D - Lakewood ) , a member of the tax - writing House Ways and Means Committee , said , “ We thought we had a chance to punch through . ”
That was before the industry unlimbered its guns .
Target lawmakers
From the beginning , fast food and beverage company executives were uneasy about President Obama .
He and his wife were known advocates of healthy eating .
The executives were also concerned that the promised Obama healthcare initiative might include taxes or other incentives to reduce consumption of fast food and high - calorie beverages .
Coupled with similar initiatives in such states as California , the industry faced the possibility of a full - scale national debate on sweetened soft drinks and their effect on health -- and the nation ’s ever - higher medical bill .
Another alarm sounded last May , when the Senate Finance Committee heard testimony from public health advocates who proposed using a soda tax to help finance healthcare legislation .
Analysts at Yale University have calculated that a penny - an - ounce tax would induce a 23 % drop in consumption , and the Congressional Budget Office has estimated that a smaller tax could raise $ 50 billion over 10 years .
Although the extent to which such a tax might drive down obesity rates is scientifically unclear , nutrition experts argue that it would , at the least , improve health by discouraging consumption of sodas , which have no nutritional value but are packed with calories .
A few weeks later , soda tax advocates in the House Ways and Means Committee reported initially favorable responses from colleagues during closed - door meetings .
And in July , President Obama told a Men ’s Health magazine reporter that such a tax was an “ idea that we should be exploring . ”
Sanchez , who was recently diagnosed with gestational diabetes , was one of the committee members who pushed for consideration of the idea .
She told a closed - door meeting of committee Democrats that it would be a political winner : “ We are on the moral high ground here , ” she said .
“ We can improve health outcomes and get more revenue . ”
At the beginning , several other Democrats expressed support , including six - term Rep. Bill Pascrell Jr. of New Jersey and freshman Rep. Allyson Y. Schwartz of Pennsylvania , the daughter of a dentist .
Beverage lobbyists immediately went to work , enlisting other industries to help pressure members of Ways and Means .
“ The industries in our coalition realized that this is a slippery slope , that once government reaches into the grocery cart , your business could be next , ” said Kevin Keane , senior vice president , public affairs , for the American Beverage Assn .
The coalition , operating under the name Americans Against Food Taxes , included the soft drink makers , their suppliers , and such mass - marketers as McDonald ’s and Domino ’s Pizza .
Using the argument that higher food and drink taxes would unfairly burden the poor , the coalition recruited a bevy of Latino groups , among them the Hispanic Alliance for Prosperity Institute , the National Hispana Leadership Institute and the League of United Latin American Citizens .
Public health analysts were surprised to find that the list included the National Hispanic Medical Assn. , which represents 36,000 Latino doctors and focuses on health issues , such as obesity - related diabetes , that hit Latino youth especially hard .
“ Why in the world would a Hispanic health advocacy group do this ? ” asked Kelly Brownell , the director of Yale University ’s Rudd Center on Food Policy and Obesity .
Nearly all of the Latino groups , including the medical association , had received beverage industry money in the past or have industry representatives on their governing boards .
The medical association ’s director , Dr. Elena Rios , said the financial support -- which amounted to no more than $ 10,000 from a single company -- had nothing to do with the decision to oppose the tax , which she and the other Latino groups agreed would hurt minority communities .
She also said the evidence is not clear that the tax would effectively reduce obesity .
On Friday , Rios said her organization had decided to withdraw from the industry coalition .
Referring to industry donations , Brownell said , “ It ’s all about payback .
Public health advocates ran into the same phenomena when seeking to increase taxes on tobacco . ”
The coalition launched an intense lobbying effort , including a $ 10 - million television ad campaign in key markets warning against taxing food .
The paper industry , a major supplier of fast food companies , also contacted members of Congress .
Even some truckers joined the fight .
By the time the Democratic caucus held its next closed - door meeting in early summer , the atmosphere had changed , Sanchez said -- an assessment shared by Pascrell and some committee staffers .
Democratic Rep. John Lewis , the civil rights pioneer who represents Atlanta , the corporate headquarters of Coca - Cola , argued that the soda tax could lead to taxes on other foods , raising prices for hard - pressed consumers during a severe recession .
If you begin taxing one sugar product , where do you draw the line ? , he asked .
Rep. Ron Kind ( D - Wis. ) , who represents a rural district where dairy farming is widespread , said he became concerned about the fairness of targeting one industry .
Kind had heard from local Pepsi and Coke distributors , and he and other members also received letters from the National Milk Producers Assn. concerned that the proposed tax could apply to chocolate milk .
“ We went from having real interest in this idea to it just falling off the table , ” Sanchez said .
“ It was my perception that opposition increased as members began hearing from local businesses ” that were part of the beverage industry coalition .
Focus on the science
While winning its battle at the Ways and Means Committee , the soft drink industry was also waging a long - term war over the scientific evidence linking soda consumption to the nationwide problem of obesity .
In a two - pronged campaign , the industry attacked the findings of prominent nutrition scientists and underwrote studies by other scientists whose work was more supportive of beverage companies ’ claims .
Among the outspoken scientists criticized by the beverage association are Yale ’s Brownell and Harold Goldstein , who heads the California Center for Public Health Advocacy .
“ Sugared beverages are the single largest source of sugar added to the American diet , ” said Brownell , noting that consumption averages 50 gallons a year for every American .
Goldstein recently joined with researchers at UCLA in a survey of 43,000 Californians that found adults who drink one or more sodas per day are 27 % more likely than non -soda drinkers to be overweight or obese .
Both scientists have equated the beverage industry campaign to tactics employed by the tobacco industry in defense of smoking .
Keane of the American Beverage Assn. said researchers like Brownell and Goldstein were acting as advocates .
“ Cigarettes kill .
Soda doesn’t , ” Keane said .
“ They pick and choose the facts that support their view and they attack anyone who disagrees , ” including those whose work appears in peer - reviewed journals , Keane said .
“ It ’s scientific McCarthyism . ”
The American Beverage Assn. website for the campaign against the soda tax points to three studies in peer - reviewed journals that dispute a link between soda and obesity .
One was conducted by an author working for Archer Daniels Midland , a major producer of high - fructose corn syrup .
Two were conducted by a researcher who now works for the beverage association ; one of those studies was funded by a grant from the association .
Despite the funding source , “ the researchers worked independently and their findings were published in a peer - reviewed journal .
That ’s the gold standard in the scientific community , ” Keane said .
Some of the studies Keane cites point to sedentary lifestyles and high - fat diets as the significant causes of weight gain .
And , largely through reviews of previously published studies , they say that the existing science on soft drinks ’ role is at best unclear .
Keane also says that soda accounts for just over 5 % of the average American ’s calorie intake , and that blaming soda for the obesity epidemic “ defies common sense . ”
Goldstein says the industry is blaming obesity on physical inactivity -- “ that it ’s the couch , not the can . ”
But one reason Americans need more exercise “ is because they ’re drinking so much soda , ” Goldstein said .
One theory that has been embraced by Goldstein and others is that the body has not developed a system for processing sugared beverages , which are relatively new to the human diet .
One study found that children who drank soft drinks consumed nearly 200 more calories per day .
The beverage industry rejects the argument that liquid calories lead to greater weight gain , pointing to a study conducted by Frank Sacks , a professor in the nutrition department at Harvard School of Public Health .
The study sought to determine whether certain diets are more effective than others at achieving weight loss .
Sacks concluded that diets that reduce calorie intake result in weight loss , regardless of which calories are cut .
Keane argues that the study proves his point : “ a calorie is a calorie , ” regardless of whether it ’s consumed in solid or liquid form .
But Sacks disagrees .
“ I do n’t know how they possibly could come up with that kind of interpretation , ” Sacks said .
“ There was no testing of sugar - containing beverages , and in fact the participants were taught to avoid them . ”
The industry has cultivated an unusual relationship with the American Academy of Family Physicians , sending a contribution “ in the high six figures , ” AAFP Chief Executive Dr. Douglas Henley acknowledged , to underwrite “ educational materials to help consumers make informed decisions . ”
Henley said “ content development is completely independent ” of the funding .
Harvard School of Public Health professor Walter Willett criticized the association ’s website as “ misleading and incomplete . ”
The website advises men not to consume more than one can of soda per day , an amount , according to Willett , that “ will substantially increase risk of Type 2 diabetes . ”
tom.hamburger@ latimes.com
kim.geiger@latimes.com
Guess we do n't have to wait until MIX to have all our Windows Phone 7 Series questions answered !
Microsoft 's Eric Rudder , speaking at TechEd Middle East , showed off a game developed in Visual Studio as a singular project ( with 90 % shared code ) that plays on Windows with a keyboard , a Windows Phone 7 Series prototype device with accelerometer and touch controls , and the Xbox 360 with the Xbox gamepad .
Interestingly , not only is the development cross- platform friendly , but the game itself ( a simple Indiana Jones platformer was demoed ) saves its place and lets you resume from that spot on whichever platform you happen to pick up .
Pretty impressive stuff , and while the words " Windows Phone 7 Series " were n't spoken by Eric , the use of the prototype ASUS device and the clear emphasis that this would place on Xbox Live for making the magic happen make it obvious that this is the " wave of the future " for all three platforms -- at least for casual gaming .
Check out the demo on video below the fold .
[ Thanks to everyone who sent this in ]
The Super Friends had to deal with a lot of problems .
They had to fight crime without actual violence on the screen , one of them was a bucket of water , six of them did n't wear pants and the non-Caucasian ones were so clumsily written that they seemed like animatronics from a racist pizza parlor .
To make matters even more confusing , I saw this episode in French and translated it back into English with no knowledge of the French language .
I was extremely true to what the original plot probably was , but there is a two percent margin of error .
Please enjoy Twice - Translated Tales of the Super Friends .
exactly
Most economists focused their analysis of yesterday 's U.S. flow of fund report on the " balance sheet " part of it .
While that is indeed an important part , it is not the only important part .
And this particular quarter not much changed in that part , with household assets rising relatively moderately , and with debts being roughly unchanged .
More interesting was the news which is supposed to be first published during GDP reports , but that this quarter was first published in the " flows " part of the Flow of funds report .
I am referring to corporate profits and national income and the national savings rate .
Corporate profits increased quite a lot , by $ 100 billion to $ 1458.9 billion ( these numbers are annualized , as are the numbers below ) .
However , most of that was for the companies eaten up by higher tax payments .
Most other components of national income also increased , but as the biggest component , compensation of employees fell even in nominal terms ( and even more in real terms ) , total nominal national income increased only 5 % at an annualized rate , less than the 6.3 % increase in nominal GDP .
Adjusted for the increase in the domestic price deflator , this implies an increase in real national income of 3 % at an annual rate , versus 4.3 % for GDP .
Since these two should increase roughly the same ( the same in fact after adjusting for net factor income from abroad and capital consumption ) , this means that the statistical discrepancy reached a new all time high , with GDP being $ 386.6 billion or roughly 2.7 % higher than what you would conclude from income based sources .
By contrast , in 2006 , GDP was $ 220.6 billion or roughly 1.6 % lower than what you would conclude from income based sources .
When two numbers that should be equal are n't , it is usually difficult to say which one is closer to the truth , but generally the truth lies somewhere in between .
The implication of this is that the recession was likely deeper than what the GDP number suggested , while the recovery has been weaker than what the GDP numbers suggest .
Another interesting data point is that national savings reached a new post -Depression low .
Gross national savings was only $ 1370.2 billion ( or 11.0 % of national income ) while net national savings was - 485.6 billion ( - 3.9 % of national income ) .
Usually the national savings rate is pro-cyclical ( increases during booms , decreases during slumps ) , but during the current recovery it has continued to fall .
This is in part the result of the large and increasing budget deficit , and in part the result of a decline in household savings due to low interest rates and rising asset prices .
Nyolc év után szerepelhet ismét európai kupaporondon a Fehérvár A Standard Liege otthonában lép pályára Márton Gábor csapata – a belgák az esélyesek .
James és a Lakers feltörölte a padlót a Heattel A Los Angeles Lakers csütörtök hajnalban 116-98 - ra megnyerte a finálé első meccsét , és nehéz elképzelni , hogy ne szerezze meg 17 .
bajnoki címét .
Szoboszlai akár a Fradi ellen is növelheti BL - góljai számát Akár Salzburg - Ferencváros mérkőzés is lehet a BL - ben .
A Bayern München nyerte a Német labdarúgó Szuperkupát A Bayern győzelmével tovább növelte idén a trófeái számát .
40 éves lett a legfiatalabb Grand Slam győztes Martina Hingis kétségtelenül a tenisz világának egyik legszínesebb egyéniségei közé sorolható .
Új gyorsasági rekord született a Keszthely - Balatonkenese szörfversenyen Bors Máté 1 óra 36 perc alatt teljesítette a 80 kilométeres távot , ezzel abszolút csúcsot felállítva .
Neymar vezeti a spanyol adóslistát A Paris Saint - Germain brazil válogatott labdarúgója 34 millió 624 ezer 268 euróval tartozik a spanyol államkincstárnak .
Németh Lászlótól tanulta a szakmát az NBA legjobb edzője Nick Nurse neve fogalom Torontóban , sőt , egész Kanadában .
Exkluzív interjút adott az Indexnek az éjszakai nagydöntő előtt .
Wawrinka és Nadal is tovább menetel a Roland Garroson
A hölgyeknél nagy meglepetésre búcsúzott a tizennegyedik helyen kiemelt Viktorija Azarenka .
Sancho helyett Dembélé érkezhet a Manchester Unitedhez A Sky Sports információi szerint az MU sokallja a Dortmund által kért 108 millió fontot .
Messi bocsánatot kért a Barcelona - szurkolóktól „ Vállalom a felelősséget hibáimért , ha voltak ilyenek .
Én csak egy jobb és erősebb Barcelonát szerettem volna . ”
Keretet hirdettek a magyarok ellen készülő bolgárok A bolgárok jövő csütörtökön fogadják a magyarokat Szófiában Európa - bajnoki pótselejtezőn .
Sastin Marianna kihagyja a birkózó - vb-t A technikai edzéseket és a súlyzózást is csak most kezdhette el .
Meghosszabbították a kajak - kenu kapitányok szerződését A két kapitányt a riói olimpia után nevezték ki , mandátumuk a tokiói játékok után járt volna le .
Perrel fenyegetőzik a Roland Garrosról kizárt Verdasco
Ez nem a pénzről szól , hanem arról a szakmai és erkölcsi kárról , amely engem ért – véli a spanyol .
Jövőre biztosan lesz tenisztorna Wimbledonban A The Times információi szerint 2021 - ben megtartják az év harmadik Grand Slam - tornáját .
Mindeközben Rebrovot a sajtótájékoztató közben locsolták le pezsgővel a játékosai
Csak a szemével tud kommunikálni Schumacher
Az 51 éves német legenda a legfrissebb hírek szerint még beszélni is képtelen , csak a szemével kommunikál .
Veretlenül jutott a Bajnokok Ligája csoportkörébe a Ferencváros Elképesztő izgalmak után a Fradi 25 év után ú jra a BL - főtábláján szerepelhet .
Balázs Attila bejutott a Roland Garros második fordulójába A férfi profi teniszezők világranglistáján 87 . játékos élete első Roland Garros - főtáblás mérkőzésén győzedelmeskedett .
FTC - Molde 25 év után juthat ú ja a Bajnokok Ligája főtáblájára a Ferencváros .
A hétvégén debütál Schumacher fia a Forma–1 - ben Mick Schumacher az Eifel Nagydíj első szabadedzésén kap lehet őséget az Alfa Romeótól .
A bíróságon folytatódik Szalai és a Mainz vitája Jövő hét csütörtökön a mainzi munkaügyi bíróságon kell megjelennie a válogatott csatárnak .
Share
Tweet
Pin 0 shares
No , it did n't actually slip off a sharp cliff near Cameron 's modernist house – the Ferrari that featured in Ferris Bueller 's Day Off survived and is now up for auction at Bonhams .
It 's a Ferrari 250GT Spyder California , but not a real one – only 100 of the original were made between 1958 and 1963 , making it super- rare , so John Hughes and Paramount actually had a replica made for filiming .
Which is the one being sold off now .
Just think , you too could be careering around the city in that same car – but you 'll not have to worry about the mileage or your parents .
Styled by Pininfarina , the original is a sought - after speedster , finishing highly in races like the Sebring 12 Hours and the Le Mans in the late 50s .
It can probably burn a car or two off at the lights still , as well as turning heads for its style and movie star looks .
Not cheap though , with the estimate at £ 30,000 – 40,000 .
But the auctioneers do point out that the car is ' ready to drive ' , so no more expense once you get it , aside from the hefty insurance premium .
The auction is part of the Bonhams Collectors ’ Motor Cars and Automobilia auction , which takes place at 11 am on 19th April 2010 at the RAF Museum , Hendon .
Find out more at the Bonhams website
Today in Redmond , Microsoft Research demoed the Translating Telephone .
It does exactly what it says it does , and as you can see — well , hear — from this video , it was awesome .
Advertisement
Imagine a VOIP system that caches all your calls , converting them to searchable , storable , everlasting text .
That 's already pretty amazing — especially if you already jump through hoops recording interviews and conference calls .
But then imagine this :
It can translate whatever you say into some other language .
In realtime .
As you will notice in the video , the research team built the proof - of - concept system to work in English and German , the native languages of Kit and Frank , the two developers on the team .
As you also might have picked up , it has the same occasional clumsiness of an internet - based text translator .
This is because it 's using the same technology that Bing 's translator uses .
Advertisement
What was funny for the researchers to discover was how their own spoken language differed from their written one .
For extra monitoring of translation quality , they set up their test system so that it would re-translate the translated speech , so English - to - German - to - English .
I myself envisioned a great moment in modern poetry , a la Jimmy James ' Super Karate Monkey Death Car , but as you can see , when chit - chat becomes fast and casual , it 's usually more like garbage in / garbage out :
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
What 's great is that a software tool like this could be stuck into so many different situations , as a live translation feature for video chat , as a conference - call option , or — in the least likely but sweetest scenario — as a feature on a Microsoft - branded Google Talk competitor that ran on Windows phones .
Alas , that is probably not gonna happen .
[ Microsoft Research - no specific project page ]
If you do n't like that juxtaposition , try this one :
When the Eagles faltered in the middle of the season and were pounded at the end , some said they missed the leadership of Brian Dawkins .
Never mind that Stewart Bradley went down over the summer and Ellis Hobbs , too , or that Brian Westbrook was often MIA , or that Jeremiah Trotter 's career was revived , at least in part , to fill that leadership void .
Days before the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) finalizes strict new regulations for dealing with toxic lead in residential homes , the agency is quietly cleaning up a dangerous lead contamination at its own headquarters .
Dust samples recently taken from EPA ’s Ariel Rios headquarters building were in many cases much higher than federal government limits for commercial buildings , documents show .
In one case , a dust sample showed lead levels 92,500 percent higher than the equivalent regulatory standard to which EPA says it is comparing results .
That sample was taken from the floor of a state - of - the - art control center for responding to emergency outbreaks of toxic substances such as anthrax .
Lead is a toxic heavy metal known to cause permanent brain damage in children .
Exposure to pregnant women can transfer to their unborn children .
Though exposure to children is lead ’s most dangerous impact , adults suffer neurological damage at high exposure levels .
EPA says lead is a “ probable ” carcinogen .
An EPA spokeswoman referred questions to the General Services Administration ( GSA ) , which owns EPA ’s headquarters building and is running cleanup efforts .
But privately , top EPA officials said the building ’s occupants are safe , pointing to air samples that had lower lead levels than the dust sample .
The GSA did not reply to a request for comment .
The emergency control center — which had the highest lead readings of anywhere in the building — is across the hall from a Secret Service shooting range in the basement of Ariel Rios that is suspected to be the cause of the outbreak .
Most bullets are made of lead , and commercial shooting ranges employ sophisticated air - filtering systems to control contamination .
[ flashvideo file=http://dailycaller.firenetworks.com/001646/dailycaller.com/wp-content/uploads/lead.flv /]
EPA has moved employees from contaminated offices and GSA is cleaning contaminated offices and pursuing more testing .
The way in which EPA and GSA have conducted the ongoing cleanup has outraged some EPA employees who fear for their safety and know , from their own work setting the rules the rest of us live by , how dangerous the toxic metal can be .
“ I ’m shocked , ” said John O’Grady , treasurer of the American Federation of Government Employees ( AFL - CIO ) council that represents most EPA employees .
“ We ’re the EPA — who ’s supposed to be the agency that regulates lead .
A key complaint is that GSA instructed employees in contaminated offices to pack up their belongings so the offices could be cleaned .
Critics say those belongings were likely contaminated , too . ”
“ Apparently they were asking people to move that had contamination on their workspace and they had those people package up the material themselves .
So in other words , they were exposing themselves and others to the lead dust that had been defined as being there , ” O’Grady said .
Two EPA officials said privately that testing indicated employees ’ belongings were unlikely to be contaminated .
“ We were advised that it was very unlikely that [ the belongings ] were going to have elevated levels , ” one source said .
The officials also noted that no air samples taken by GSA indicated levels above an “ action level ” set by the Occupational Safety and Health Standards agency that sets federal rules on workplace safety .
However , in contrast to EPA , the Postal Service in early March closed the Ben Franklin Post Office , which is housed in the first floor of Ariel Rios building directly above the shooting range .
A passport office on the same floor also closed .
“ If it was that bad that the post office left the building , then why were EPA employees still there ? ” O’Grady said .
The two EPA officials said privately that heavy equipment in the post office may have caused higher levels than EPA offices on the same floor .
EPA employees from the emergency control center that had the highest lead readings were relocated to the first floor of the Ariel Rios building but have since been moved back after their offices were cleaned up .
Other offices in the basement are still being cleaned and employees will be moved back sometime next month .
Besides their own safety , EPA employees are concerned about janitors who have cleaned EPA offices for years .
Chimes , the contractor that cleans the Ariel Rios building , calls itself “ one of the nation ’s largest employers of people with severe disabilities ” and many of the janitors in EPA ’s headquarters building are mentally disabled .
A dust sample taken Feb. 27 before any cleanup was done showed lead levels in a “ janitor ’s closet ” at 20,750 percent higher than the regulatory standard EPA says it is comparing the samples to — its “ Residential Lead Health Standards ” regulation .
The janitors ’ office is on the basement floor where the shooting range is and lead levels were highest , O’Grady said .
A Chimes spokesman did not return a call for comment .
The two EPA officials said privately they pushed GSA to protect the janitors and successfully convinced them to “ finally ” move their offices out of the basement , where nearby offices are currently being cleaned by certified lead abatement experts .
EPA assistant administrator Craig Hooks is in charge of the agency ’s facilities .
In March 2 memo obtained by The Daily Caller , Hooks said , “ EPA recently received notification from [ GSA ] that , as a follow up to an evaluation of the U. S. Secret Service ’s firing range , lead dust was detected in the basement of Ariel Rios North .
Lead dust was found in a number of surface samples , as well as above the ceiling tiles in the building infrastructure .
GSA did not find lead in any of the air samples taken in the area .
“ At this time , while GSA believes the most probable source of the lead is from the firing range , other potential sources of lead dust are currently being assessed .
The firing range is closed and will remain that way until all cleanup activities are completed and the source of the problem has been eliminated and / or corrected , ” Hooks said .
The memo also noted that as a precaution , Hooks had ordered ceiling tiles not be disturbed while sampling and cleanup is ongoing .
Many dust samples taken above ceiling tiles showed higher lead levels than those taken in work areas .
A question - and - answer document posted on EPA ’s internal Web site and last updated March 18 read , “ All air samples have tested well below the OSHA action level of 30 micrograms per cubic meter . ”
The OSHA action level is the amount of lead beyond which federal regulations require actions to reduce exposure levels for workers .
The air samples are lower than the OSHA - set standard , but much higher than a regulatory standard set by the Bush EPA in 2008 for lead in outdoor air , which is .15 micrograms per cubic meter .
Prior to cleanup , several offices are described in internal EPA documents as being less than 18 micrograms per cubic meter .
Others are listed in the teens as well .
Air samples at 15 micrograms per cubic meter would be 100 times higher than the standard EPA requires for outdoor air in the vicinity of major industrial facilities such as lead smelters .
The Hooks memo said elevated dust samples have been found , but that employees were moved to another location everywhere those levels were beyond a certain threshold .
It also offered information for EPA employees interested in having their office sampled or their blood tested for elevated blood levels .
The two EPA officials said about 40 employees have had their blood levels tested and none showed elevated levels .
The officials said EPA has pushed GSA “ pretty hard ” to clean up the lead contamination both more quickly and to more stringent levels .
For instance , EPA demanded GSA clean offices to a dust level of 40 micrograms per square foot .
GSA , because of cost considerations , had sought to clean up to 200 micrograms per square foot , the officials say .
200 micrograms per square foot is an OSHA - set level for industrial workplaces .
Besides the conflict with GSA , the officials said EPA was angry to learn the Secret Service initially found high lead levels at its shooting range in October – but then waited until early February to tell GSA , which quickly informed EPA of the problem .
The Secret Service did not return a call for comment by press time .
The EPA officials said they have backed off their initial demand that the Secret Service close the shooting range permanently , and will instead require a full briefing on the operating procedures for its ventilation system and that Secret Service officers use “ green ” bullets that are n’t made of lead .
The officials also cautioned that lead paint and other factors may be driving many of the high air and dust samples , not just the shooting range .
The lead cleanup comes at a sensitive time for EPA , which is poised to finalize new restrictions on the construction industry for renovation projects in residential homes .
The new rules , which become final April 22 – Earth Day – have drawn the ire of homebuilders who claim the strict work practices required by the rule will be too onerous .
EPA agreed to set the new regulation after environmentalist group Sierra Club threatened legal action over its previous standards .
When EPA agreed to the activists ’ demands in October , the agency said “ recent epidemiological studies indicate that the current hazard standards [ for lead ] may not be sufficiently protective . ”
EPA is also gathering information to extend the stricter rules to commercial buildings , including office buildings .
Contact Jonathan by e-mail .
Payback time for Mugabe and cronies as White farmers grab properties
It ’s pay back time for Robert Mugabe ’s government in Zimbabwe .
A group of white commercial farmers who watched in despair as Mugabe regime grabbed their farms are now also “ grabbing ” properties owned by Zimbabwe government in South Africa .
Buffett vents on financial fat cats
Warren Buffett says it 's time for CEOs of too - big - to - fail companies to put their own money on the line .
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) -- Warren Buffett has an elegant solution for the thorny problem of too - big - to - fail banks :
Put the bankers ' bank accounts on the line .
Buffett , the chairman of Berkshire Hathaway ( BRKA , Fortune 500 ) , lashed out at the damage wrought by overpaid , unaccountable finance - industry bigwigs in his annual letter to Berkshire shareholders , released Saturday .
Buffett has been criticizing overreaching corporate managers and complaisant directors for decades .
But the question of how to motivate good corporate behavior has taken on new weight as Washington debates reining in the financial giants whose missteps brought the economy to its knees two years ago .
The Obama administration last month proposed separating banks ' proprietary trading activities from their federally subsidized deposit - gathering and lending ones .
Other proposed rules would increase the amount of capital banks hold against losses and how much cash they carry to deal with a surge of withdrawals .
But Buffett said there 's a simpler way to cap risk - taking : Forcing lavishly compensated CEOs to take responsibility for assessing the risks at their firms -- and putting their own wealth at stake , to boot .
" It is the behavior of these CEOs and directors that needs to be changed , " he wrote .
" They have long benefitted from oversized financial carrots ; some meaningful sticks now need to be employed as well . "
The comment reflects a theme that has run through Buffett 's letters to investors over the years : Shareholders are best served by managers who think like owners .
More often , he has said , they are ill served by executives who instead pursue value - destroying mergers or pile up debt in a bid to boost returns .
Buffett , 79 , is the controlling shareholder at Berkshire and has received $ 100,000 in annual salary for the past quarter - century .
Since he took over Berkshire in 1965 , the company 's net worth has increased at a 20 % compound annual rate .
So it 's no surprise when he heaps scorn on the bankers who made tens of millions of dollars annually as they steered their financial supertankers onto the rocks .
The four biggest financial " fiascoes " -- presumably including the bailouts of AIG ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) , Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) and Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) -- cost investors more than $ 500 billion , by Buffett 's count .
Shareholders did n't cause those meltdowns , but " they have borne the burden , with 90 % or more of the value of their holdings wiped out in most cases of failure , " Buffett wrote .
" The CEOs and directors of the failed companies , however , have largely gone unscathed . "
It 's bad enough that corporate insiders escaped major financial harm in the bailout debacle .
But some even managed to keep their jobs :
While Citi and BofA have shaken up their boards , 13 pre-bailout directors remain at the two banks .
Vikram Pandit continues as CEO of Citi , while Ken Lewis only recently stepped down as CEO of Bank of America .
Consider too the modest toll paid by the execs who were behind two other major collapses of 2008 , former Bear Stearns Chairman Jimmy Cayne and longtime Lehman Brothers chief Dick Fuld .
While both owned sizable amounts of company stock , neither by any means had the lion 's share of his wealth tied to the firm .
Fuld , for instance , sold nearly $ 500 million of Lehman stock in the years leading up to the firm 's September 2008 failure .
And while Bear 's collapse cost Cayne $ 1 billion , he was still worth $ 600 million after its March 2008 panic sale to JPMorgan Chase .
Thus the bill for the firms ' lever - up - and - bet - big strategy was largely borne by smaller shareholders , including many employees , and the taxpayers who must now foot the bill for extraordinary government aid extended later in 2008 to the rest of the financial sector .
Since the crash , the notion that executives should have more skin in the game has become commonplace .
Big Wall Street firms such as Goldman Sachs ( GS , Fortune 500 ) , which Berkshire owns preferred shares of , and Morgan Stanley ( MS , Fortune 500 ) are now paying top executives largely in stock that must be held over a period of years , in the name of coupling risk with reward .
But officers ' and directors ' commitment to shareholders must go further , Buffett said .
Boards that do n't insist the CEO take responsibility for risk management are " derelict " in their duty , Buffett wrote .
And in cases where a failure to act prudently results in government assistance , " the financial consequences for [ the CEO ] and his board should be severe . "
ROGUE LORD by John M. Brewer
Marvelous Masks by Nicole Billick
Firebirds by AJ Ryan
Mars as you 've never seen it before :
The colossal ice walls that show another side of the Red Planet
Advertisement
It looks like a filmmaker 's apocalyptic vision of Earth following a devastating natural disaster .
But this colossal ice formation is actually a portion of the wall terraces of a huge crater on Mars .
Approximately 37 miles in diameter , a section of the Mojave Crater in the planet 's Xanthe Terra region has been digitally mapped by Nasa scientists .
The result is this digital terrain model that was generated from a stereo pair of images and offers a synthesized , oblique view of a 2.5 - mile portion of the crater 's wall terraces .
Colossal :
This ice formation is a portion of the wall terraces of the Mojave Crater on Mars .
It has barely suffered any erosion so offers scientists a tantalising glimpse of what a very large complex crater looks like
The sheer depth of the crater - about 1.6 miles - de monstrates that Mojave has experienced little infilling or erosion .
The result offers scientists a tantalising glimpse of what a very large complex crater looks like on Mars because it remains so fresh while most others - especially this size - have been affected by erosion , sedimentary infilling and overprinting by other geologic processes .
Such a fresh crater provides an insight into the impact process .
This view , in which the vertical dimension is exaggerated three - fold compared with horizontal dimensions , shows the ponding of material backed up behind massive wall - terrace blocks of bedrock .
Hundreds of impact craters on Mars have similarly ponded features with pitted surfaces .
These ' pitted ponds ' are thought to result when material melted by the crater - causing impacts is captured behind the wall terraces .
The portion of the Mojave Crater 's north - western edge shown here spans about 2.5 miles in width halfway between the bottom and top of the image .
The view is toward the north .
Mojave is one of the freshest large craters on Mars .
A survey of its features indicates very few overprinting craters on them , and an analysis of that infrequency suggests the crater may be as young as about ten million years , very young for a crater of this size .
The fans and channels hint that impacts such as Mojave 's may have unleashed water or water - ice from the subsurface to flow across the surface and , perhaps , condense as rain or snow for a brief period of Martian time .
In last night 's game , Nicklas Lidstrom put a shot on net that rebounded to Tomas Holmstrom .
Holmstrom 's goal gave Lidstrom his 800th career assist , the second most among active players .
Lidstrom joined an exclusive a club of only 28 players and 28 of the best players to ever play the game .
Lidstrom ranks 6th among defensemen in assists .
Ray Bourque leads defensemen 1,169 career assists and Wayne Gretzky leads all players with 1,963 - - really makes you re-think how great The Great One really was .
In terms of assists with just the Red Wings , Lidstrom ranks 4th :
Rank Player Games Played Goals Assists Points 1 Steve Yzerman 1,514 692 1,063 1,755 2 Gordie Howe 1,687 786 1,023 1,809 3 Alex Delvecchio 1,549 456 825 1,281 4 Nicklas Lidstrom 1,349 235 800 1,035 5 Sergei Federov 908 400 554 954
Of course , this all adds to his already hall of fame resume and adds to the impressiveness of his skills .
Lidstrom has been known his entire career as a defense first player and the fact that he has racked up so many points is also amazing .
President Barack Obama , by inclination and experience , has always been half intellectual law - school lecturer , half street - smart community organizer .
In the long march toward passage of a historic health - care bill , it was the intellectual who started the journey ; it was the community organizer who finished it off .
That 's as good a way as any to summarize how Mr. Obama handled the first major , and perhaps defining , issue of his presidency .
In the long and tortuous year of unfolding debate , two very different presidents could ...
Created by bagwell on 2010 - 03 - 16 .
Updated : 2010-03-19 , 09:44
Kids love computers and many would love to learn how to program them too .
Lalit Pant , volunteer Math teacher at Himjyoti School for under - privileged girls in Dehradun , developed Kojo in his ' free ' time .
Kojo is a very polished , easy to install , cool IDE in which children , ( or even grown ups ) can learn to program using Scala .
Lots of examples , a turtle to drive , good documentation and interactive geometry for those budding mathematicians .
If you have kids then Kojo could be a fun experience to share with them .
On the other hand if you have some ' free ' time Lalit would welcome help to develop Kojo , an Open Source project , further .
You may like to read Latit 's interview by Geertjan Wielenga for NetBeans
Zone where he talks about Kojo or go to the Kojo site and download the IDE and give it a try or have a look at the documentation .
The installation is smooth and quick , just pay attention to the Java version number compatibility constraints he mentions .
You will soon discover that Lalit has used the NetBeans Scala plugin by Caoyuan very wisely .
You get highlighting and many other pro-features for the programmer .
It is a great place for any beginner Scala programmer , young or old , to start and the eventual step to a more complex project development environment will be that much smoother .
You will find other kids learning software at Kojics , his web site .
Thanks to Lalit , it seems that you are never too young to learn Scala .
By Rich Lowry - April 13 , 2010
Nearly everyone understands that his taxes just went up .
President Obama wo n't admit it , although he must suffer from a guilty conscience .
He uncorked a defensive 17 - minute - long answer in response to a question at a town - hall meeting about new taxes in the health - care bill , complaining about a lot of misinformation " without citing any .
In his cascade of words , Obama did n't get around to mentioning the $ 500 billion in new taxes during the first 10 years of the health bill .
And they 're merely a prelude .
It does n't take an economist to understand what public debt at Greece - like levels of 90 percent of GDP by 2020 inevitably portends .
Nor to realize the effects of the yawning disconnect between federal spending at 24 percent of GDP and revenue at 19 percent of GDP .
Nor to understand the most basic of all budgetary concepts -- that the bill , after the fizzy party , after all the huzzahs over " making history , " always comes due , and with interest .
This is why the country has a roiling tax revolt prior to the imposition of any significant tax increases .
The tea -party movement is an act of pre-emption , based on the simple calculation that higher spending eventually means higher taxes .
For all the tsk - tsking about its supposed irresponsibility , the movement is attuned to the future in a way that the president -- who hopes to evade or hide the consequences of his budgetary choices for as long as possible -- is not .
Obama has always been happy to boast that he 'll let the Bush tax cuts on high - end earners expire at the end of this year .
This blow for justice will initially generate all of about $ 40 billion annually , or only about 5 percent of the cost of Obama 's stimulus bill .
Over 10 years , it will raise almost $ 700 billion , or only enough to cover about half of the budget deficit this year alone .
Obama will need more , and he's not going to get it all from " the rich . "
The left 's image of the US tax code as a predatory tool of the wealthy is a Michael Moore fantasy .
The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development evaluated the household taxes -- income taxes , plus Social Security levies -- of developed countries in 2008 .
It found that the United States " has the most progressive tax system and collects the largest share of taxes from the richest 10 percent of the population . "
The Associated Press reported last week that 47 percent of US households do n't pay federal income taxes at all .
Either their incomes are too low , or their liability is wiped out by sundry credits , deductions and exemptions .
" The result , " the AP writes , " is a tax system that exempts almost half the country from paying for programs that benefit everyone , including national defense , public safety , infrastructure and education .
It is a system in which the top 10 percent of earners -- households making an average of $ 366,400 in 2006 -- paid about 73 percent of the income taxes collected by the federal government . "
To borrow Obama 's phrase from the 2008 campaign , the federal budget already " spreads the wealth around , " thank you very much .
A Tax Foundation study finds that " the bottom 60 percent of American families will as a group receive more in government spending than they pay in taxes . "
No wonder Obama now calls himself " agnostic " on his 2008 blood oath not to raise taxes on households making less than $ 250,000 ( already violated at the margins ) and his advisers float a European - style value - added tax , a broad - based tax on consumption .
He 'll have to go where the rest of the money is .
" I like to pay taxes , " Oliver Wendell Holmes famously said .
" With them I buy civilization . "
With ours , we will buy a misbegotten stimulus program , bailouts , runaway entitlements , a costly new health - care program and a federal government where incontinence is a perpetual pre-existing condition .
No matter what your tax bill this year , do n't worry -- it 'll go higher .
Virgin Galactic 's president announced that all major hurdles have been completed with its rocket - powered spaceship and the company expects to begin testing its SpaceShipTwo in 2011 .
Paying customers will have to wait awhile longer , however .
Will Whitehorn , the president of Virgin Galactic , announced at a spaceflight conference in Dubai , United Arab Emirates , that most of the major hurdles have been completed for its testing of its rocket - powered spaceship in 2011 .
According to the March 4 , 2010 Sydney Morning Herald article ' Virgin to test rocket - powered spaceship next year , ' Mr. Whitehorn stated , " We 're not looking at a huge amount of time . ' He added , " As the year breaks into next year , we 'll start moving into rocket motor testing and then into space . '
Thus , testing of their spacecraft in space is only about one year away .
However , operational flights for paying customers are several more years away , with a length of time until such flights occur being as far off as 2015 .
Whitehorn quipped , " If it 's not [ by 2015 ] , I 'll be retiring . ' However , Virgin Galactic announced earlier , in late 2009 , that customers could possibly be going up on suborbital flights as early as 2011 .
Page two continues .
December 7 , 2009's Wired.com article ' SpaceShipTwo Christened VSS
Enterprise ' states , ' Sub-orbital passenger flights could start as early as 2011 from Virgin Galactic 's space port in New Mexico which is currently under construction . ' So , this announcement by Virgin Galactic shows a bit of a delay in the development of its commercial spacecraft business .
However , they are playing it extra cautious and not getting ahead of the game .
Mr. Whitehorn suggests that they will fly customers when it is safe to do so .
He stated that the company will fly : ' when we 're ready . '
[ Sydney Morning Herald ]
Virgin Galactic has received almost 330 reservations from paying customers , totally up to US $ 200,000 per person .
In total , the company states it has secured about US $ 45 million from customer deposits .
The Virgin Group , its parent company headed by Sir Richard Branson , has invested over US $ 100 million in the company since 2004 .
In addition , the Aabar Investments , an investment group backed by the capital city of Abu Dhabi ( in the United Arab Emirates ) , contributed US $ 280 million to the company in July 2009 for an approximate one - third share of the profits .
DESPITE the effort put into it , and the annoyance caused to innocent travellers , airport security is a pretty haphazard affair .
That could change if Ehud Givon has his way .
Mr Givon is head of a small Israeli firm called WeCU , which thinks its technology can spot suspicious individuals that traditional methods miss .
WeCU 's approach relies on displaying stimuli , such as photographs of individuals who might be known to terrorists but not to ordinary people , or code words that intelligence has discovered are associated with particular operations , and observing what happens .
The trick is that the observation is done automatically , and does not rely on the subjective impressions of possibly tired and bored security guards .
When confronted with such stimuli , someone who is unfamiliar with them will merely be bemused and ignore them .
Someone who knows what they are , and is feeling guilty about it , will undergo an increase in body temperature , heart rate and breathing rate .
WeCU 's apparatus is able to monitor the first two of these using an infra-red camera .
This captures the heat pattern of blood vessels near the skin , betraying both changes in overall temperature and in heart rate .
The system first establishes a baseline for an approaching individual , then flashes the potentially stimulating image on a screen or wall in the subject 's eyeline .
If the baseline changes in a way that is suspicious , the individual can be ushered away for further questioning .
The beauty of this system is that it does not rely , as traditional “ lie detectors ” like polygraphs do , on a formal procedure to determine whether an individual is under emotional pressure .
That technique has often been shown to be unreliable — producing both false positives ( because it puts innocent people under stress ) and false negatives ( because practised bad guys can keep their emotional responses under control ) .
As Mr Givon points out , the bank of stimuli included in the system is varied and unpredictable .
Even a skilled , well practised suspect who is aware of the system and who tries to prepare for the screening cannot know where the stimuli will come from and how they will appear .
The system has been demonstrated to a number of authorities worldwide .
Mr Givon says tests with hundreds of subjects in both laboratory and real - life situations have shown that 95 % of those flagged up are indeed “ persons of interest ” with whom the powers that be would like to have a chat .
If further tests confirm its advantages , travellers in some airports may soon find themselves looking at unexpected slide - shows when they visit the airport .
Actually , on latenightwithjimmyfallon.com .
This has n’t even aired yet .
“ Terrible Love ” is our first listen from and the first track on the National ’s forthcoming LP High Violet .
Are you ready for some good music ?
International National fans should try YouTube while it ’s up .
( Thanks to Audio Perv. )
The band will play Brooklyn ’s Bell House tonight and tomorrow .
Tickets sold out in less than a minute .
High Violet is out 5/11 on 4AD .
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
President Obama is splintering America .
The passage of Obamacare was a historic victory for liberal governance .
Yet , its true cost may be that it triggers the eventual breakup of the country .
Mr. Obama has achieved what his liberal predecessors - Franklin D. Roosevelt , Lyndon B. Johnson , Bill Clinton - could only dream of : nationalized health care .
Obamacare signifies the government take - over of one - sixth of the U.S. economy .
It has dealt a mortal blow to traditional America .
We are now a European - style socialist welfare state .
The inevitable permanent tax hikes , massive public bureaucracy and liberal ruling elites will stifle competition and initiative .
Republicans vow to repeal Obamacare .
Their past record , however , leaves many conservatives rightly skeptical .
Since FDR ’s New Deal , Big-Government liberalism has been on the march - Social Security , Medicare , Medicaid , the Environmental Protection Agency and the U.S. Department of Education .
The Republican Party has been unable to roll back the tide of statism .
In fact , under Richard Nixon and both George Bushes , Great Society Republicans have been complicit in erecting a nanny state .
Socialism is the road to economic ruin and fiscal bankruptcy .
It subverts democracy , threatening the very future of our constitutional republic .
Socialist states degenerate into some form of autocracy or technocratic neo-feudalism , whereby the productive class is taxed and exploited to sustain a growing dependent class .
Factions are pitted against each other ; groups vie for handouts at the expense of their fellow citizens .
The bonds of economic union and national solidarity slowly dissolve .
“ The democracy will cease to exist when you take away from those who are willing to work and give to those who would not , ” warned Thomas Jefferson .
Jefferson was right : Redistributionist welfare policies are undermining our democracy .
The resentments in America are growing .
Tea Partiers believe that their government no longer represents their interests or values .
The heartland is becoming dangerously alienated from the political class , whom it feels has betrayed them .
Obamacare may be the last straw .
It strips away fundamental economic liberties , empowering the federal government to de facto nationalize everyone ’s body by controlling our health .
Americans are compelled - upon pain of penalty and eventual imprisonment - to purchase insurance .
Moreover , the law codifies the federal funding of abortion .
Taxpayer dollars will be used to subsidize the murder of innocent life .
Hence , Mr. Obama has violated the social compact :
He has abrogated the conscience of pro-lifers , making them tacitly complicit in the slaughter of the unborn .
Obamacare is a radical assault upon fundamental religious freedoms .
The Obama revolution threatens to tear America apart .
This has happened before .
Slavery eventually triggered the Civil War between the industrial North and the agrarian South .
Abortion is the slavery of our time - the denying of basic human rights to an entire category of people .
The bitter debate over Obamacare has exposed the country ’s profound divisions .
We are no longer one nation or one people .
Rather , there are now two Americas : one conservative , the other liberal .
Increasingly , we no longer just disagree but we despise each other .
Our disagreements encompass everything - politics , morality , culture and history .
We no longer share a unifying essence or common values .
One half of America believes abortion is an abomination ; the other half considers any attempt to repeal it as oppressive and sexist .
One half opposes homosexual unions because it elevates immoral and unnatural behavior to the sacred status of marriage ; the other half supports it as an extension of civil rights .
One half reviles Mr. Obama ’s socialist agenda , viewing it as the destruction of capitalism and our constitutional government ; the other half embraces it as the culmination of social justice and economic equality .
One half reveres America ’s heroes - Christopher Columbus , George Washington , James Madison , Davy Crockett - and its glorious history ; the other half is ashamed of its past , seeing it as characterized by racism , imperialism and chauvinism .
Ultimately , a country is not simply its geographical borders with the people inside of it .
It is something more - and deeper .
A nation must share a common heritage , language , culture , faith and myths .
Once upon a time , Americans celebrated the same heroes , sang the same patriotic songs , read the same history and literature , and gloried in its exceptional nature : a city upon a hill , with liberty and freedom for all .
It was understood that , for all of our different ethnic and religious backgrounds , America is a product of English and Christian civilization .
Those days are long gone .
Instead , we are going the way our Founding Fathers warned us against : increasing balkanization and sectionalism .
A constitutional republic - unlike an empire - is only as strong as its national cohesion .
It is based not on imperial coercion but civic consent .
Mr. Obama is recklessly pulling at the strings of unity , further polarizing us .
In confronting Obamacare , state sovereignty , states ’ rights and state nullification of federal laws are being asserted .
This is what happened in the 1830s and 1840s .
They are the signs of growing political anarchy and social frustration - people can only be pushed so far .
Mr. Obama ’s drive for a socialist super - state threatens America ’s very existence .
As Jefferson warned about slavery , it is time we start ringing the “ fire bell in the night . ”
“ Things fall apart ; the center cannot hold , ” wrote William Butler Yeats .
“ Mere anarchy is loosed upon the world . ”
Conservatives will not be passive in this onslaught on all our core values .
Mr. Obama ’s true legacy may be that he divides us deeper than ever before - unless he abandons his revolutionary project .
Jeffrey T. Kuhner is a columnist at The Washington Times and president of the Edmund Burke Institute , a Washington think tank .
He is the daily host of the “ Kuhner Show ” on WTNT 570 - AM ( www.talk570.com) from noon until 3 p.m .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Instead , Berlin is far more worried , as Mr. Jen puts it , about the supposed “ contagion of bad behavior ” in other countries like Portugal and Spain that might follow if Greece were to become the beneficiary of a bailout on relatively generous terms .
Image A closed bank in Athens with graffiti that reads “ thieves . ”
The debt crisis has prompted outflows of funds from Greek banks .
Credit ...
Aris Messinis / Agence France - Presse -- Getty Images
“ This should be easy to do ; Greece is only 3 percent of Europe ’s G.D.P. , ” said Paul De Grauwe , an economist based in Brussels who advises the president of the European Commission , José Manuel Barroso .
“ But this is no longer a financial issue .
It is about politics and nationalism , and it is a real setback for those who believed in a united Europe . ”
There are unmistakable signs that individuals and corporations are withdrawing funds from Greek banks , although the sums involved do not yet constitute a bank run .
Still , weakened Greek banks , increasingly shut out of the capital markets , have become largely dependent on the European Central Bank and have turned to the Greek government to release more money from a previously established rescue fund .
The Greek government is coming close to giving up on private investors as well .
While Athens said it would go ahead with its short - term borrowing auctions this week , the planned fund - raising trip this month by Greece ’s finance minister , George Papaconstantinou , to tap Wall Street investors is unlikely to happen as long as Greek borrowing costs remain high , said a person who was briefed on his plans .
Greece ’s hope is that it will be able to borrow as much as 30 billion euros ( $ 40 billion ) from Europe and the I.M.F. at a rate of about 4 percent or so , which is consistent with the terms offered by the fund to other indebted countries .
Page Not Found
We 're sorry , but the page you requested can not be found .
Please search using the below form or use the other navigational resources to help locate your desired destination .
Below are links to 109 FREE resume examples & resume templates .
Writing resumes can be challenging , however using resume examples that were written by professionals as a guide can help achieve the best resume format and resume layout .
The below free resume samples are categorized by industry and profession .
If you ’re not certain which resume format to use , view our Chronological , Functional or Combination layout options for outlines on the most popular resume formats .
Need additional help ?
Please consider using one of the below 3 gold star links .
Free Resume Builder Tool – Free Self Serve Tool to Build your Resume Online in Minutes
Professional Resume Services – Hire a Professional to assist in writing your resume
Resume Writing Tips – Tips Based on User Feedback & tricks to make your resume shine
Student & Entry Level Resume Examples
Executive Resume Examples
Business Management Resume Examples
Sales & Marketing Professional Resume Examples
Information Technology Resume Examples
Professional Services & Hospitality Resume Examples
Retail Resume Examples
Retail Manager Resume –
Well written resume for a retail manger
Store Manager Resume Sample – Good general resume to use when applying
Financial Services Resume Examples
Public Sector Resume Examples
Ca n’t find what you need here ?
Find more resume examples .
Let ’s Teach WalMart A Lesson About Medical Marijuana
It ’s always fascinating to watch corporations flail about cluelessly while society is in the throes of epochal change .
One has to go no farther than Starbucks for an example ; their recent crash course in societal change involved incurring the wrath of marijuana users , as it turns out a sizeable portion of their target demographic .
Starbucks only took a couple of days to come around after pot users threatened a national boycott after spotting the coffee giant ’s logo on a virulently extremist anti-marijuana website .
Huge behemoths like Starbucks and WalMart exercise their corporate policies with the implicit assumption that American society as a whole is in their corner , philosophically speaking .
Playing the middle of the road is just smart business , after all .
Nobody gets rich by alienating huge groups of consumers .
But the interesting thing about social change is that sometimes the corporations get left in the dust .
Starbucks was careful to make sure that did n’t happen ; I ’m betting WalMart may not be so smart , if its atrocious labor policies are an accurate marker .
During these periods of rapid and dizzying change – a perfect and current example being the huge shift in American attitudes toward marijuana — major corporations often reveal themselves to be big , dumb , lumbering beasts .
That was exactly what WalMart , notorious for its corporate stance of social conservatism , looked like this week when it summarily sacked a cancer patient who had been “ Associate of the Year ” for using medical marijuana with his doctor ’s recommendation – in Michigan , a state where that is perfectly legal .
WalMart , so far at least , has n’t budged .
But the wave of revulsion and outrage over their treatment of Associate of the Year Joseph Casias has n’t crested yet , and it ’s going to get a lot bigger before it does .
For now , WalMart seems completely oblivious that what just a few years ago was solid political ground under its feet is simply no longer there .
The ritual corporate shaming of marijuana and its users – extending even to legal , medical users – is now so disconnected from science , medicine and mass perception that we can only watch in horror as companies like WalMart mistreat employees , fully confident they ’ll get away with it “ just like they always have . ”
This moralistic and intolerant stance towards medical marijuana patients flies in the face of modern American sensibilities .
More than 80 percent of Americans now support the medicinal use of pot .
Casias worked at the WalMart store in Battle Creek , Michigan , for five years , winning employee of the year in 2008 despite suffering from sinus cancer and an inoperable brain tumor .
At the recommendation of his doctor , Casias began using medical marijuana to ease his pain .
“ It helps tremendously , ” Casias said .
“ I only use it to stop the pain .
To make me feel more comfortable and active as a person . ”
Then he sprained he knee at work last November .
During the routine drug screening that follows all workplace injuries , marijuana was detected in his system .
Casias showed WalMart managers his Michigan medical marijuana card , but was fired anyway .
“ I was told they do not accept or honor my medical marijuana card , ” Casias said .
Casias said he had never shown up at work after smoking pot .
“ No , I never came to work under the influence , ever , ” he said .
“ I do n’t think it ’s fair .
Because I have a medical condition I can’t work and provide for my family ? ”
WalMart was completely unapologetic .
“ In states such as Michigan , where prescriptions for marijuana can be obtained , an employer can still enforce a policy that requires termination of employment following a positive drug screen , ” said WalMart spokesman Greg Rossiter from company headquarters .
“ We believe our policy complies with the law , and we support decisions based on the policy , ” Rossiter said .
Casias has been collecting unemployment compensation since getting sacked in November , but this week he got more bad news : Now WalMart is even challenging his eligibility for benefits .
So how do you teach a big , dumb beast ?
You hurt it in the only way it understands .
It ’s time to teach WalMart that mistreating medical marijuana patients is n’t just dumb and cruel ; it is also very , very bad for business .
The national WalMart boycott by medical marijuana supporters begins in 5 … 4 … 3 …
Editor ’s Note – Legalization Saturday is part of the Progressive Unity Project on News Junkie Post .
Each day of the week , look forward to a fresh article written by an expert on a variety of subjects .
Daily Postings :
Eco Monday
Union Tuesday
LGBT Wednesday
Immigration Thursday
Science Friday
Legalization Saturday
Secular Sunday
Please Follow Steve Elliott on Twitter , and The News Junkie Post for all of our articles .
Nicholas George planned to brush up on his Arabic vocabulary during a flight in August from Philadelphia to California , where he was to start his senior year at Pomona College .
So he carried some Arabic - English flashcards in his pocket to study on the plane .
But those flashcards changed George ’s life far beyond the classroom .
The 22 - year - old from Pennsylvania is speaking out against what he contends are abuses by federal authorities in airport security measures .
George , a physics major who is considering a career as a U.S. diplomat in the Middle East , is suing the Transportation Security Administration , the FBI and Philadelphia police for jailing him after his flashcards were found and confiscated in a Philadelphia airport screening .
His lawsuit , filed in federal court this week , said his four hours in detention , half of that in handcuffs , violated his rights to free speech and protection against unreasonable search and seizure .
“ I feel the TSA acts like it has a blank check as long as what it does is in the name of fighting terrorism , ” George , said Thursday from Claremont , where he lives in a dormitory .
“ Of course , the TSA ’s job is to keep us safe -- but they have to follow the Constitution and respect rights . ”
If his flashcards triggered such deep suspicion , George said , “ then we ’ve got a real 1st Amendment issue here .
I have a right to study Arabic . ”
The student acknowledged that a few of the vocabulary words , including “ bomb ” and “ terrorism , ” may have alarmed authorities , but he also said he needed to learn them in order to understand the news of the day in Arabic - language newspapers .
George said his interest in Arab culture began when he saw “ Lawrence of Arabia ” as a child .
“ The more I studied it , the more I was fascinated it by it , ” he said .
He plans to take the State Department exam to become a foreign service officer .
Last year , George spent a semester in Jordan , where he studied Arabic , and then traveled to Egypt , Ethiopia and Sudan .
He said his passport , with stamps from those countries , and a book in his possession that was critical of U.S. foreign policy , may also have raised suspicions at the airport .
Professors describe George as an excellent student in science and Arabic .
“ He ’s sharp and he ’s really interested in the language , interested in the culture .
He loves to pick up expressions and idioms , ” said Bassam Frangieh , a professor of Arabic at Claremont McKenna College , where George takes classes through the Claremont Colleges consortium .
Spokespersons for the TSA and FBI declined to comment , saying they do n’t discuss ongoing litigation .
The lawsuit , filed with the help of the American Civil Liberties Union , details George ’s allegations of abusive questioning .
The suit contends that an FBI agent cursed him and asked George if he was Muslim or a member of any “ pro-Islamic ” or communist student groups , to which he replied no .
The student said he was later released without an apology .
Having missed his original flight , he flew to California the next day .
Ben Wizner , the ACLU attorney who helped file the suit , said George “ is the kind of young man that this country should be encouraging and creating more of .
He has traveled the world with an open mind and an open heart , and he is studying the language that the State Department and the military have made clear we need more Americans to study . ”
Although George ’s suit seeks unspecified financial damages , he said he also hoped to help teach airport screeners to respect travelers ’ civil rights .
“ The point I want to make is that rules apply to the TSA , ” he said .
“ Rules matter . ”
larry.gordon@latimes.com
A deal would have created one of the world 's largest food and drink groups
Japanese brewing and food groups Kirin and Suntory have called off merger negotiations .
In a statement , Kirin said it was unable to agree with Suntory on ways to ensure management independence and transparency within the merged company .
Suntory blamed the breakdown in talks on a disagreement over the merger ratio which would have determined control of the new business .
A deal would have created one of the world 's biggest food groups .
" Kirin had been negotiating on the premise that the new entity would be managed as a listed company in order to ensure appropriate management independence and transparency .
However , it became apparent that Suntory held a different view on this matter , " Kirin said in a statement .
Suntory 's founding family owns 90 % of the privately held firm and were likely to have become the new company 's largest shareholder with a one - third stake .
The announcement that the deal was off caused Kirin 's shares to fall 5 % .
Kirin is the maker of Ichibanshibori beer and Afternoon Tea bottled drinks , while Suntory is known for its Premium Malt 's beer and Boss canned coffee .
Last year , Kirin and Suntory posted combined sales of beer , soft drinks and food of about $ 42.5 bn .
By Janelle MacDonald
WAVE NBC 3
Mar 22 , 2010
LOUISVILLE , KY ( WAVE ) –
The sweeping reform of the nation ’s health care system has passed the House of Representatives and is ready for President Obama to sign into law .
In Kentuckiana , reaction from doctors is mixed .
Supporters showed a long list of healthcare professional organizations that backed the bill , but some doctors fear what it will do to their business and profession .
Others say this bill did n’t go far enough to address the problems .
Dr. Adewale Troutman , director of Louisville Metro Health & Wellness , said there were obvious problems with the healthcare system as it stood .
“ People are dying at unacceptably high rates due to the fact they do n’t have health insurance , ” said Troutman .
With coverage to 30 million more Americans , Troutman sees a lot of things to like in the newly passed healthcare reform bill .
“ Removing a cap for a lifetime cap on what insurance money you spend , the preexisting condition piece is extremely important , not being able to drop somebody from coverage because now they ’ve got something that costs money , ” Troutman said .
But to call it comprehensive healthcare reform , Troutman said , “ I think that the bill that was passed is a step in the right direction but we have a long , long , long way to go to turn this ship around so that we have equity , health equity for all populations . ”
His former colleague , now retired Dr. Garrett Adams , puts it even more bluntly .
According to Adams , it ’s , “ aspirin for cancer . ”
Adams says the healthcare reform bill as passed wo n’t do anything to control costs .
“ The bills will continue to go up , ” said Adams .
“ The premiums will have to go up , there ’s no way they wo n’t go up . ”
As for the mandates for insurance coverage , Adams said , “ people will buy the least expensive coverage that they can get and it ’s not going to be enough .
It ’s skimpy coverage . ”
In addition , Adams agrees with critics who say the new bill takes some healthcare decisions out of the hands of doctors and places it in the hands of the government .
“ There are so many controls , ” Adams said .
“ It ’s very unfriendly , I think to physicians …
It ’s awkward , it ’s complicated . ”
Adams is a member of Physicians for a National Healthcare Program , which advocates for getting rid of the private , for - profit , insurance company system all together .
Troutman says he is also in favor of a not - for - profit system .
However , here in Louisville , a lot of jobs depend on the insurance industry .
Jim Turner , a spokesperson for Louisville - based Humana , said the bill could be good for the company because requiring everyone to get health insurance will add customers to the market and that could help Humana .
Turner also said the company is worried because the bill does n’t do much to reduce healthcare costs and the cost of not having insurance – a government imposed penalty – is n’t strict enough .
“ People could just say , ‘ I ’m not going to pay my fair share of premium , ' ” Turner said .
“ They could say , ‘ I ’m going to wait until I get sick , pay an extremely modest penalty , and then I ’ll sign up , ’ and if that does come to pass , that will actually destroy the whole basis of insurance . ”
Turner also told us the bill will hurt the young and old more than others by putting new taxes on the young , and reducing Medicare advantage payouts for the elderly .
Information for this story also provided by Ryan Nash .
Copyright 2010 WAVE
News .
All rights reserved .
http://www.wave3.com/Global/story.asp?S=12185064
Valve has slashed 50 % off of its zombie survival shooter sequel Left 4 Dead 2 , taking the game down to just $ 25 as part of Steam ’s Mid-Week Madness sale .
Even a better deal if you have the bodies ( live ones ) is the same 50 % discount on the L4D2 Four Pack , which already offered a buy three get one free deal .
The bundle , normally $ 150 , goes for only $ 75 during the sale .
That means if you had four people put in for the pack , they ’d be paying $ 18.75 for their copy , saving an extra $ 6.25 .
That ’s a grand total of $ 31.25 saved .
The sale ends this Thursday , March 25 , at 4 PM Pacific .
March 11 , 2010 KTLA MewsNORWALK --- Authorities in Norwalk are looking for three suspects wanted in a brazen home invasion robbery thwarted by a brave 7 - year - old boy .
Three suspects armed with handguns entered the home through an unlocked front door Tuesday morning and said they were there to take what they wanted , according to Norwalk sheriff 's deputies .
The boy , who the suspects did not know was in the house , locked himself in a bathroom with his younger sister and called 911 while the suspects threatened his parents at gunpoint .
On the recording , he begs the operator to send police quickly , " a lot of them ...
And bring soldiers too .
" Operator : " Can you tell me what happened ?
" Boy : " They rang the door and they have guns to shoot my mom and dad .
" Operator : " Right now ?
" Boy : " Yes .
Can you come really fast ?
Bring some cops ?
" Operator : " I have them coming , hon .
Listen , OK ?
Listen to me .
Take a deep breath .
How old are you ?
" Boy : " Seven years old .
" Operator : " Where are you at in the house ?
" Boy : " Inside the bathroom .
" Operator : " You 're in the bathroom ?
Who 's with you ?
" Boy : " It 's my sister .
" Operator : " How old is she ?
" Boy : " Six years old .
Can you come really fast ?
Hurry up !
" Operator : " Yes .
Stay on the line with me .
Do n't hang up .
" Boy : " OK . " Operator : " Tell me exactly what happened , OK ?
Just stay where you are and do n't hang up , whatever you do .
" Boy : " OK .
They ring .
The guys have a --" As the boy explained what was happening to the dispatcher , the suspects realized someone was in the bathroom and forced entry .
Screaming is heard on the tape as one of the suspects grabs the boy and takes the phone from him .
The suspect asked the boy who he had called , and when he replied " 911 , " the suspects immediately fled the house without injuring him or his parents and without taking any property .
"
If not for the brave and educated actions of the 7 - year - old boy , this might have ended tragically , " said Capt .
Pat Maxwell of the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department .
The suspects fled in a Grey Acura RSX 2 - door vehicle .
The first suspect is a Hispanic male between 18 and 21 with a shaved head , about 5 ' 8 " and 200 lbs .
He was wearing a baggy blue shirt and dark pants .
The second suspect is a Hispanic male , also between the ages of 18 and 21 , about 6 ' 0 " and 230 lbs .
He was last wearing a blue short - sleeved shirt over a white t- shirt .
And the third suspect is a Hispanic male , approximately 200 lbs. , between 18 and 21 years old .
He was wearing dark clothing .
Anyone with information was asked to call Norwalk Station Detectives at ( 562 ) 863-8711 .
The official home for all musings about life as a commuter at Drexel University .
Sponsored by the Commuter & Transfer Student Engagement Office .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
03/09/2010
Stop ENDA or , uhm , God will steal the sun .
Or something .
by Jeremy Hooper
Southern Poverty Law Center hate group The Traditional Values Coalition has a new website designed solely for the purpose of stopping the Employment NonDiscrimination Act .
So considering this is the far - right we 're talking about , all of the text and imagery on said new site are of course thoroughly high brow and fair , with the group presenting a rich and nuanced examination of this potential civil law and using nothing but carefully fleshed out logic to state resistance to it .
Nah , just kidding : Storms and kids and transphobia are once again the order of the day :
ENDAHurtsKids.com
Because apparently under ENDA , Mother Nature would be replaced with a militant lesbian weathergoverness who harnesses her strength from thunder .
That should be exciting .
***
* UPDATE : Here 's the stock photo that TVC used / altered :
* Source : iStockphoto
Here these kids are just trying to focus on their handwriting , and a group of adults who can't see the handwriting on society 's wall comes in and replaces their flowers with a stormy window .
And yet they call us the militant ones ?
Sheesh !
Your thoughts
They seem to regard this campaign as a commercial entity , given their use of a .com address ( instead of .org ) for their site .
Posted by : Dan T. | Mar 9 , 2010 12:31:29 PM
Puhlease .
Most teachers I know do n't feel they have sufficient class time to teach their kids the subject material ( mathematics , biology , history , etc ) they 're supposed to be teaching .
To suggest that they 're going to spend all that time teaching kids about sexual fetishes is delusional at best and diabolically dishonest at best .
But then again , I think this goes back to projection as usual .
Of course the folks at TVC assume that LGBT folk are going to take valuable teaching time to indoctrinate children !
After all , that 's exactly what the folks at TVC want to do !
And everyone 's just as underhanded as them , right ?
Posted by : Jarred | Mar 9 , 2010 12:33:00 PM
To be honest , Dan , I think most sites are opting for a .com address these days .
Years ago when I set up my personal site , I went with a .com address simply because they 're more common , and I 've even run into a few people who stumbled over the idea of a .org address .
Posted by : Jarred | Mar 9 , 2010 12:40:41 PM
I saw the picture before I read the post .
I knew the TVC was behind this one , even before I start reading .
They 're obsessed with men wearing dresses .
Read for yourselves : http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A41187-2004May19.html
Why do n't they paste a burly guy in a womens ' pink , two - piece bikini standing over the kids and frothing at the mouth ?
Posted by : KZ | Mar 9 , 2010 12:50:55 PM
I can assure you that the kids would n't care , as long as the teacher can teach .
And a good teacher should be appreciated by all .
Have n't these people ever seen Mrs. Doubtfire ?
Posted by : dave b | Mar 9 , 2010 1:02:44 PM
I had a discussion with a fellow teacher today .
She noted that many of our elementary students know that their music teacher ( ME ! ) is gay , and they just do n't care .
It does n't seem to be an issue with their parents either .
Now , I 'm not likely to come to work in a dress , but I have been known to wear a kilt on St. Patrick 's , or dress like a Pirate for Talk Like A Pirate Day .
So where does TVC draw the line ?
Will they come after me if I wear the wrong color shirt ?
what if I have earrings in ?
And why are n't they worried about women dressing as men ?
Will they require females to wear skirts or dresses only , and of a certain length ?
Posted by : keltic | Mar 9 , 2010 1:54:21 PM
One would think that the TVC would have chosen a stock photo of kids who were in a state of abject horror for their campaign .
As it is , they seem to be sending the message that kids will be fine , and perfectly well adjusted even if this " gathering storm " they predict comes to fruition .
But to address a more technical point , how many elementary school teachers are federal gov't employees ?
Does n't ENDA only apply to employees of the federal government ?
Posted by : Dick Mills | Mar 9 , 2010 3:35:24 PM
No , Dick : ENDA applies to all businesses with greater than 15 employees ( with other religious and non-profit exemptions in place ) .
But you 're right about the photo .
The kids seem perfectly content with the ENDA storm around them .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Mar 9 , 2010 4:04:09 PM
Wow !
I do n't know where I got that impression ... guess I should have done some research .
I was a bit ho - hum about ENDA , but now I am much more supportive .
And , you know that in California ( in fact 12 states - which includes the entire west coast - plus DC ) , current non-discrimination statutes do protect gender identity .
And , I have yet to hear of any cross - dressers teaching elementary school students .
One other tid- bit , even under current non-discrimination laws , employers are free to impose dress codes .
So , in theory , there may never be a case of a man dressed as a woman teaching grade school , because by the time the transgendered individual is allowed to wear woman 's clothing , she would already physically be a she .
Perhaps less so for FTMs though .
Posted by : Dick Mills | Mar 9 , 2010 4:29:48 PM
We already have men dressed as women teaching children .
They 're called " clergy " .
Posted by : Buffy | Mar 9 , 2010 5:42:29 PM
Oh , Buffy , that is sooooo true !
I stand corrected !
Posted by : Dick Mills | Mar 9 , 2010 6:27:48 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Oh * sigh * Canada
Recently there has been talk in Canada about changing the national anthem to be gender - neutral .
A week or so ago , Governor General Michaelle Jean asked the Conservative government to review the national anthem and to consider changing it to be gender neutral .
Changing , for example , a phrase saying “ “ True patriot love in all thy sons command ” to “ True patriot love thou dost in us command . ”
Following this there was a huge outcry from Canadians saying this issue does n’t really matter , and that sexism does n’t exist anymore and we should n’t be wasting our time with such an inconsequential issue .
Here ’s the thing , I do agree with some of these things .
Considering the uproar that happened when Stephen Harper prorogued parliament at the end of 2009 , the Conservative government seems to just be trying to attempt to touch on women ’s issues to seem like they care .
In doing this they can claim that they care about women ’s rights and try to win over women voters .
So while I do agree that perhaps this is not the women ’s issue for the government to focus on seeing as , I believe , there are bigger issues to worry about , I also just do n’t get the big deal with changing a couple words .
By the way that many people , my friends included , reacted you ’d think that they were attempting to steal their identity .
While I see their need to be patriotic , which i feel we sometimes are lacking in Canada , I found it really excessive .
Large amounts of Facebook groups were popping up , and the comments at times were getting out of control .
For example , after a long series of comments on people saying that those who do n’t agree with our national anthem should “ get the fuck out of our country ” someone actually wrote this about the woman initiated the discussion “ What do we know about this woman ???
Is she on Face Book ??
Can we terrorize her ???
I agree 150 % with everything said here ..... Get The Hell Out of Our Country If You Don't Like Our Anthem !!!
What a stupid bitch ! ”
The discussion got to not only women bashing but religion bashing .
Another commenter wrote : “ Just wait .... in another generation or so the muslims will be complaining about the God reference because it ' offends ' them . ”
I thought Canada was inclusive no matter what sex , race , religion or disability you so happen to have .
But it is apparent that is not so .
The whole attitude around the issue seemed feminist and women bashing .
Many stated that sexism is dead in Canada and women and men are equal etc .
So…equal in what way ?
We hear about women ’s rights issues every day in the news , though maybe we do not realize it .
Woman gets kidnapped and killed , woman claims sexual harassment at work , woman raped in backyard of school .
There is always violence against women , in a developing country or not .
Is this not sexism ?
People are violent or inconsiderate to a person based on their sex ?
So how is sexism dead in Canada ?
Mind you , how is sexism dead in any country ?
While I agree that changing the Canadian national anthem seems unimportant just because it ’s not a very big women ’s issue , the attitude towards feminists and women pushing this issue was extremely disappointing .
While I am proud to be Canadian , I am definitely not proud of this .
THE Rudd goverment will launch a twin assault on smoking today by announcing steep increases in tobacco excise and laws requiring cigarettes and other tobacco products to be sold in plain packaging from 2012 .
The excise increase , which will help fund the government 's health reforms , will be short of that required to lift the price of a packet of cigarettes to $ 20 , as recommended by the government 's Preventative Health Taskforce .
Matthew Martin Credit : Matthew Martin
There was speculation last night that the excise increase would add at least $ 2 - $ 3 to a pack of 25 .
In what the Rudd government is hailing as a world first , it will also announce legislation to mandate standard packaging for all tobacco products , a move likely to incense the $ 9 - billion tobacco industry .
From January 1 , 2012 , all brands of cigarettes will be sold in plain boxes .
The boxes will be the same colour and carry large , graphic health warnings .
The brand of the cigarette will appear in a small font .
The font style and size , as well as the position of the brand will be uniform .
High doses of lead have for some time been linked to chronic kidney damage .
But a recent study out of Johns Hopkins Children ’s Center found that even small levels of lead exposure may be damaging to children ’s kidneys .
The report , published January in the Archives of Internal Medicine , looked at the records of 769 healthy youth ages 12 to 20 with average blood lead levels of 1.5 micrograms per deciliter ( well below the 10 microgram “ threshold ” of concern per the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ) .
Researchers found that children with levels of just 2.9 micrograms per deciliters had worse kidney function than those with lower levels .
With each doubling of lead levels , the filtration capacity dropped .
It is just the latest study in a growing body of research finding that lead levels well below the CDC ’s threshold may have a detrimental impact on children ’s health .
“ I do n’t think anyone thinks there is a safe level of lead , ” said Dr. Jeffrey J. Fadrowski , a pediatric nephrologist at Hopkins Children ’s Center and a coauthor of the kidney study .
“ But the question becomes where you can reasonably mount a public health response . ”
Though lead is no longer found in gasoline and paint , children and adults still incur exposure from items such as old paint , contaminated soil and drinking water .
Approximately 1.4 % of children had blood lead levels equal to or greater than 10 micrograms per deciliter in 2006 ( the latest date for which nationally representative figures are available ) , down from 9 % in 1988 , according to research released in 2009 by the CDC .
Lead exposure affects cognitive ability and behavior .
Studies have shown that children with elevated blood lead levels have problems such as hyperactivity , attention dysfunction , aggression and lowered IQ .
Lead can also harm the kidneys and reproduction and cause hypertension and gastrointestinal issues such as colic , nausea and constipation .
The CDC ’s threshold was reduced from 30 micrograms to 10 in 1991 in response to studies showing potential health effects at the lower levels .
For children with levels higher than 10 micrograms , many states have intervention programs , according to the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry .
Medical evaluation and environmental remediation is performed when children test higher than 20 micrograms .
And medical treatment may be necessary when blood lead concentration is higher than 45 micrograms .
But concern is growing among researchers and physicians about even lower levels .
Two studies have linked low lead levels with IQ impairment .
The first , published in the New England Journal of Medicine in 2003 , studied 172 children in Rochester , N.Y .
Researchers from Cornell University , Cincinnati Children ’s Hospital Medical Center and the University of Rochester School of Medicine found that participants with lead levels of 1 microgram per deciliter had IQs about seven points higher than children with 10 micrograms .
A 2009 article in the Archives of Disease in Childhood looked at the lead levels of almost 500 2 - year - old British children .
The children were assessed at ages 7 and 8 , and researchers found few problems with those kids with lead levels from 1 to 5 micrograms .
But the children with levels between 5 and 10 micrograms had 49 % lower reading scores and 51 % lower writing scores and 0.3 % lower spelling grades on standard assessment tests .
An article presented at the 2009 meeting of the American Physiological Society found a link between lead levels and cardiovascular function .
The research , by researchers at the State University of New York at Oswego , studied 140 children , ages 9 to 11 .
Blood lead levels among the children were all equal to or lower than 3.8 micrograms per deciliter .
Participants were given a mildly stressful computer task , and the researchers found that kids who had higher levels of lead had more constriction of blood vessels while they were stressed .
The SUNY Oswego group has found the same thing in a second , ongoing study with a different group of children , said Dr. Brooks B. Gump , one of the study ’s authors .
“ I think these effects are just scratching the surface on what lead or other toxicants are doing , and it is probably not as important knowing what the level is as it is to know what the effects are , ” Gump says .
“ Clearly that 10 number is arbitrary , and there are effects below , on IQ and other systems . ”
There is concern with even the lowest levels of lead , said Dr. Helen J. Binns , a liaison to the CDC ’s Advisory Committee on Childhood Lead Poisoning Prevention .
No exposure is safe , she says .
The problem is what to do about it .
“ The unfortunate thing with lower levels is there is no good body of research to show what medical intervention can help , ” Binns says .
For example , although parental education on potential lead hazards and interventions such as cleaning homes are provided when children are found to have high lead levels , there is little evidence that either of these help children with lower levels , Binns says .
Drug therapy is not very effective either , she says — even for some kids with extremely high levels .
For now , proper treatment of low - level lead exposure is uncertain .
The best that can be done , she says — beyond cleaning the home — is to try to work with families and schools to create environments in which kids with lead poisoning can work past the hurdles they face .
“ We are hoping that enhanced parental skills and addressing the problems kids have from the exposure will be the best solution , ” she says .
health@latimes.com
[ Updated 1:49 p.m. ]
A Richmond police spokeswoman confirmed to CNN that a bullet was fired at Rep. Eric Cantor 's campaign office .
" We are investigating the circumstance surrounding it , " police spokeswoman Karla Peters said .
Cantor disclosed the incident to reporters Thursday .
Cantor also accused Democrats of " fanning the flames " of violence by using threats that have been made against Democratic members " as political weapons . "
Democrats immediately hit back against Cantor 's accusation , repeating their allegations that Republicans are at fault .
" We disagree with the charge made by Rep. Cantor today that Democrats are using acts of violence for political gain , " said Brad Woodhouse , a spokesman for the Democratic National Committee .
" Let 's be clear : calling on Republican leaders who have contributed in part to this anger by wildly mischaracterizing the substance and motives of health reform to condemn these acts is entirely appropriate .
Instead distracting from the issue with more attacks , we would again ask Mr. Cantor and other Republicans ... to ratchet down the rhetoric , condemn deplorable behavior and find ways to disagree on these issues without the charged rhetoric that we 've been hearing from Republican leaders . "
[ Posted at 12:33 p.m. ] Rep. Eric Cantor , the number two Republican in the House of Representatives , said Thursday that a bullet had been shot through a window at his district office in Richmond , Virginia .
He also said he had received threatening messages .
He said he would not publicly release the messages out of concern that doing so would only incite further violence .
He also accused Democratic National Committee Chairman Tim Kaine and Rep. Chris Van Hollen of Maryland - a member of the Democratic House leadership - of " fanning the flames " of violence by using threats that have been made against Democratic members " as political weapons . "
" Legitimate threats should be treated as security issues , and they should be dealt with by the appropriate law enforcement officials , " Cantor told reporters on Capitol Hill .
" It is reckless to use these incidents as media vehicles for political gain .
... Enough is enough .
It has to stop . "
Cantor , who is Jewish , said he had received numerous threats throughout his career both on account of his religion and his position in the GOP leadership .
More than 10 Democrats have reported trouble since the weekend health care vote , House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer , D - Maryland , told reporters on Wednesday .
Windows have been smashed at Democratic offices in at least three states , and federal agents are investigating whether a cut gas line at the home of a Virginia congressman 's brother was related to the lawmaker 's yes vote .
Democratic congressional leaders have demanded Republicans join them in condemning a spate of threats and vandalism that has followed Sunday 's vote on a sweeping overhaul of the U.S. health care system .
" The Year of the Flood " is a futuristic account of the aftermath of a major natural disaster that seems to have obliterated most of humankind .
Adam
One - the leader of a religious group that melds science , religion and nature - had predicted such an event .
After it happens , he and his followers regroup in a world that is altered and unpredictable .
Born in 1939 , Atwood has published short stories , critical studies , screenplays , books for children , and poems , but is best known for her novels .
Her work has been translated into over 30 languages .
Click on the audio link below to listen to the complete interview with Margaret Atwood .
Deutsche Welle :
You lived in Germany in the 1980s .
What did you experience during that time ?
Margaret Atwood : I came to Germany for the very first time for my German publisher in the 70s .
Then , as it turned out , in 1984 , I began " The Handmaid 's Tale " in Berlin before the Wall came down .
I began it in Berlin , I finished it in Tuscaloosa , Alabama , which is quite a contrast .
But both of them were situations that had built - in stresses , because West Berlin at that time of course was encircled by the Wall and every Sunday the East German air force flew over and made sonic booms , just to remind us that they were there . (…)
Now in Germany you 're presenting your new book " The Year of the Flood . "
How significant is it that this book was finished in the year of your 70th birthday ?
The publication of Atwood 's book was postponed because of the US elections
It was actually finished a year earlier .
The publication was postponed for a year because if it had been published in 2008 , it would have coincided with the American election and the American publisher quite rightly said , nobody is going to be doing anything except watching this election because whether it 's Hillary Clinton or Barack Obama , it 'll be unprecedented and everyone will be glued to their screen , which they were .
I started to think a lot about your childhood when I was reading this book - the experience of being in a forest and the work of your father .
Yes , he was an entomologist , but he was also an all - around naturalist and what they call in Canada woodsman .
In other words , he was very experienced in what we call " the bush . " (...)
I would be very scared if this latest book of yours is a prophesy about the future .
First of all , it 's not a prophesy because I do n't do prophesies ; no one can really predict the future .
Even the Old Testament prophets were n't predicting the future , they were more or less saying this is the state of your soul now .
You can't really write about the future because nobody has been there .
It 's like Dante writing about the Inferno .
I hate to break this to you , but he did not actually go down into hell . (…)
Are you an optimist about the future ?
This book tells us about environmental devastation , which we hear about every day in the news .
Dante never actually went to hell , quipped Atwood
It 's not actually about that so much .
The truth is , if you remove the people , nature comes back quite well , which is where we are when the book opens .
There 's quite a lot of nature .
It 's not that all of nature gets destroyed .
(…)
As William Gibson says , the future is already here , but it 's unevenly distributed .
Some people say global warming , but really they should say climate change because the weather gets more extreme .
Things change .
It 's not that everything goes away , but things change .
And if they change too abruptly , what you get is a lot of die - off .
What 's really scary in this book is not that so much , although that 's a motivator , but what 's scary is that we can make new species .
We already can make new species , and we 're doing it .
But the really scary thing is we can make new diseases .
We already have that capacity .
Why has not some country made a disgusting new disease and unleashed it on everybody else ?
They 're afraid of the blow - back .
There 's no way of doing that without the possibility that your country will get it too , with things being so very spreadable . (…)
What a lot of people do n't know is that your first publication was actually a book of poems .
Yes , but it was n't the first thing I wrote .
I was actually writing the prose and the poems at the same time .
It was just that in those days , in Canada , where it what almost impossible to publish a full - length novel , poems were a lot cheaper , they were shorter .
And typically you started out writing them off on a mimeo machine or putting together a little cold type book or hand - setting them , which is what I did with my first little booklet of poems - I hand - set them on a flatbed press .
Try hand - setting a novel on a flatbed press ! (…)
Would I be right in assuming that Margaret Atwood is an optimist ?
Anyone who writes a book is an optimist .
No matter what the content .
The optimistic thing about this thing is :
It 's a book .
It has n't happened yet .
Keep it inside those covers .
Interview : Breandain O'Shea ( kjb )
Editor : Greg Wiser
With the just - released Splinter Cell : Conviction still fresh on many of our minds , it might be a little early to begin thinking about future Tom Clancy games beyond what we know is in Ubisoft 's pipeline : a follow - up to EndWar and Ghost Recon : Future Soldier .
Ubisoft 's Michel Verheijdt , speaking to Dutch website Control , confirmed that he was working on two Tom Clancy videogames .
He then proceeded to make a joke about sending Sam Fisher our way if we were to hear more -- in other words , actual -- details about the two projects .
Assuming Verheijdt is n't talking about EndWar 2 , which has n't really been talked about much at all , I suppose that must mean something along the lines of Rainbow Six , HAWX , or maybe even more Splinter Cell .
After Conviction , I 'm more than ready for more Sam Fisher action .
Nederlander waakt over Tom Clancy IP [ Control via Eurogamer ]
The BBC has given the first hint of a U - turn over plans to close its digital radio station BBC 6 Music , after a furious backlash from listeners , trade unions and some of its own staff .
The proposed closure of 6 Music , along with its sister digital station the Asian Network , was confirmed by the BBC today as part of a wide - ranging strategy review by its director general , Mark Thompson .
Half of the BBC's web pages will be shut and £ 100 m will be saved from overhead costs as part of a package of cuts intended to free up £ 600 m a year to be reinvested in high - quality content .
The proposals also include cutting spending on foreign shows such as Mad Men by 20 % , capping investment on sports rights and potentially selling off BBC magazines such as Top Gear .
But BBC
Trust chairman Sir Michael
Lyons said that if there was a big enough public response about the cuts , he would ask management to rethink its strategy .
" If we find that ... there 's massive public concern that we need to take account of then we will go back to the director general to rethink the strategy before it 's approved , " he said .
The proposals will now be the subject of a 12 - week public consultation by the Trust .
The BBC has committed to spending at least 90 % of the licence fee on " high - quality content and distribution " by 2013 .
Within that 90 % guarantee , at least 80 % of the licence fee will be spent on " content creation " .
The broadcasting trade union Bectu claimed the cuts could lead to another 600 job losses at the corporation , which has seen more than 7,000 jobs go in the last five years .
Its general secretary , Gerry Morrissey , described the cuts as " totally unnecessary and purely politically motivated " .
Thompson described his review as a " step change " in the BBC 's history .
" These are difficult decisions and it's painful for the people who listen and watch a given service and for those people that broadcast it , " he said .
" I do n't want to pretend that these are easy decisions .
It 's very interesting that politicians say : ' Why do n't you cut these services ? '
When we start doing that , they say : ' Have you gone mad ? '
This is a moment for focus and rationalisation after a period of very broad growth of activities across the BBC . "
Confirmation of the decision to axe the eight - year - old music station 6 Music – it is due to stop broadcasting at the end of next year – prompted an angry response from the station 's listeners .
About 90,000 people had joined the Facebook group " Save BBC 6 Music " by the end of yesterday .
Jeremy Dear , general secretary of the National Union of Journalists , said Thompson had put BBC management " on a collision course not just with us and the hundreds of BBC staff who face losing their jobs , but with licence fee payers up and down the country .
" If the BBC has to look at savings , they should tackle executive pay rather than programmes or content . "
Lyons said : " The public pick up the bill for the BBC and it is right that it constantly evolves to meet their expectations .
We welcome the general direction of this report , although we will want to test and consider how it is delivered .
We are clear it heads towards a more disciplined and sharply focused BBC .
That will mean some difficult choices .
But we will not shrink from those choices where they are in the interests of licence fee payers . "
BBC Radio 5 Live presenter Richard Bacon , who also has a show on 6 Music , was one of the BBC presenters to publicly speak out against the decision to shut the station .
" 6 Music is staffed by talented people providing ' distinctive ' programming that values ' quality over quantity ' .
Exactly what this restructure is supposed to be about , " he said .
" 6 Music is distinctive and serves an audience not catered for by the commercial sector .
What happens when folk use whatever rationale they have come up with to justify the 6 Music decision and apply it to other parts of the BBC ? " said Bacon on Twitter .
DJ Lauren Laverne , mid-morning presenter on 6 Music , said listeners ' messages about the closure of the station had reduced her to tears .
" Worst walk to work ever .
Like that final trip to the vet's , " she tweeted .
" Most emotional day at work of my life . "
Liberal Democrats culture spokesman Don Foster accused the BBC of using 6 Music and the Asian Network as " sacrificial lambs " .
" Today 's report signals the end of the BBC roaming wherever it fancied .
The decision to focus on high quality UK content is welcome , " he said .
" However , I am not convinced that using 6 Music and the Asian Network as sacrificial lambs to pay for it is the right approach .
While the BBC has become overgrown in some areas and needs pruning , the licence - fee - payers must have their say about what 's to go . "
The decision to close the Asian Network was criticised by Professor Daya Thussu , director of the London - based India Media Centre , part of the University of Westminster , who said the closure showed the BBC was " abandoning its inclusive agenda and thus compromising its public service remit " .
" The closures show that the BBC is abandoning its inclusive agenda and thus compromising its public service remit .
The demise of the Asian Network would make the BBC less multi-cultural and , to borrow an apt phrase from one of its former bosses , more ' hideously white ' . "
The culture secretary , Ben Bradshaw , said the BBC was a " great British asset and should not approach the future assuming the Conservatives , who are viscerally hostile to the BBC , will win the election " .
He warned against politicians " compromising the BBC 's independence by giving a running commentary on its decisions " .
The shadow culture secretary , Jeremy Hunt , said he wanted to see " actions not words " from the corporation .
" I am pleased that the BBC is taking a long hard look at exactly what it should be doing ...
Will the BBC be less expansionist ?
Will it think carefully about its impact on the independent sector ?
Above all , will it spend licence fee payers ' money on quality public service content that they want to see ? "
The closure of 6 Music and the Asian Network is a blow to the radio industry 's efforts to go digital .
The two stations had around a million listeners between them .
But Ford Ennals , chief executive of digital radio switchover body Digital Radio UK , remained upbeat .
" Whilst some listeners will inevitably be disappointed by the closure of individual services , we believe the BBC 's vision as outlined in the strategic review will ultimately result in greater levels of overall listening to digital radio . "
BBC2 will be one of the main beneficiaries of the decision to plough more money into programming , with a £ 25 m increase in its programme budget from 2013 .
Children 's programming will see a boost of £ 10 m each year , but the BBC intends to leave the teen market to rivals such as Channel 4 and has proposed the closure of BBC Switch and Blast !.
The BBC said that it aims to cut spend on imported programming by 20 % from a budget of £ 100 m today and to cap it at a maximum of around £ 85 m a year in the future .
Sports rights expenditure , on events such as Wimbledon and Formula 1 , will be capped at about £ 300 m a year .
The BBC 's internet operation will see the number of web pages it publishes halve by 2013 .
The scaling back of the web operation will include an approximate 25 % cut in budget and similar slashing of staff numbers , potentially affecting as many as 350 employees .
Regional newspaper groups will be buoyed by a commitment to curtail local activities including a promise to " never be more local " than it is now .
The BBC also said that during the next licence - fee period , from 2013 to 2016 , Thompson will be made personally responsible for reducing the corporation 's overheads bill from about £ 410 m to just over £ 300 m per year – from 12 % of the licence fee to 9 % .
The report states that the corporation must go further than previously announced cuts to senior management levels and pay , details of which were announced last October , with further reductions in costs associated with top talent , property and distribution .
The report also said that the traditional BBC hierarchy needed to be given a " flatter , more dynamic and flexible structure " .
It said that the BBC needed to make a " step change " in simplifying its operations and structure .
Last week the National Audit Office criticised the BBC for overspending by more than £ 117 m in three construction projects .
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
Once again I am a traitor to the cause , a corporate sell - out , a dangerous maverick who has gone over to the dark side .
My column this week on feed - in tariffs provoked the same sort of charges that were levelled against me when I first came out against biofuels in 2004 .
We 've now seen how that 's panned out .
When other greens wake up to the amazing waste of money and opportunities this scheme represents , I think the feed - in tariff scandal will go the same way .
One of the more sophisticated responses came from my old sparring partner Jeremy Leggett , chairman of the installation company Solar Century .
He managed to ignore most of my arguments , but never mind .
Here is the fork he is impaled on .
Either solar photovoltaic ( PV ) power in the United Kingdom is , as he claims , a cheap , efficient technology , or it is n't .
If it is , why should we be subsidising it to the tune of 41 p per kilowatt hour ?
If it needs this subsidy , it is neither cheap nor efficient .
If it does n't need it , the feed - in tariffs are even more of a swindle than I thought .
A recent paper Leggett helped to write ( pdf ) claims that solar PV will achieve " grid parity " for homeowners in 2013 .
This means that the electricity produced , when all costs are taken into account , will be no more expensive than the electricity we buy from the grid .
Assuming we can agree on terms and measurement , I have £ 100 that says his prediction wo n't come true .
Will Leggett accept my bet ?
But here again he runs into the same contradiction .
If Jeremy really believed his sales pitch , he would be calling for the feed - in tariff for new installations to be scrapped in 2013 , as it would then be redundant .
But the government does not share his view .
Its table of tariffs shows that in 2013 it will pay 38p / kWh for new retrofitted PV : a decline of just 8 % from this year 's figure , rather than the 56 % Leggett anticipates .
If he has the courage of his convictions , Leggett should demand that the tariff is either abandoned that year or brought down to 18 p , which is what his paper claims ( though without attribution ) grid - based electricity will cost then .
He can't have it both ways : defending the tariff while suggesting that the tariff wo n't be necessary .
Leggett maintains that :
The companies who manufacture solar PV in the UK have shown that putting solar panels on all available building surfaces would generate more electricity in a year , under typical cloudy British skies , than the entire electricity consumption of our energy - profligate nation .
We could argue about that , but even if it were true it would be a ridiculous thing to do if , as the government 's tariffs suggest , solar PV costs nine times as much as other renewables .
Every pound spent on PV is a pound not spent on a more effective technology .
You need to spend £ 9 on solar to have the same impact as £ 1 spent on largescale wind or hydro .
Does Leggett dispute these figures ?
If so he should , again , be campaigning against the feed - in tariffs .
He argues that :
Monbiot gets the precedent for the British government 's solar ' cash - back ' scheme – the German feed - in tariff – upside down … all feed - in tariffs are supposed to decline
Indeed they are .
But the German reduction was not a planned , gradual drawdown of the subsidy , but a sudden , additional cut .
In fact the government had originally pressed for a 40 % cut , but was beaten down to 16 % by industry lobbying .
The realisation in Germany , after 10 years of minimal returns , that they have been getting shockingly bad value for money from their scheme coincides with the launching of the same fiasco in the UK .
Are we incapable of learning from other people 's mistakes ?
Leggett goes on to claim , again without attribution , that the Germans have " created over 50,000 jobs in solar PV alone . "
Of course you could justify any scheme with the creation of jobs : even employing people to throw bundles of banknotes into power station furnaces .
But Leggett is confusing gross jobs created with net jobs .
Given that tax money like this is necessarily scarce , you have to consider the opportunity costs of using the tariff for solar PV .
As solar is capital intensive ( the units are expensive ) it is likely to employ fewer people than a labour - intensive , capital - light programme such as insulating and draft - proofing people 's homes .
In this respect it could well be the case , as the paper in Energy Policy suggests , that Germany 's solar programme has destroyed more jobs than it has created .
The other question this raises is jobs where ?
Many of the panels Germany installed were manufactured in China and Japan .
I have nothing against stimulating employment in those countries , but I think the electricity users who have to pay for the tariff would be rather put out to discover that the jobs the government says it will create are actually on the other side of the world .
Which brings us to his final point : who pays ?
Leggett suggests that it 's untrue that the poor will carry the costs of this scheme , as all electricity users must contribute .
Yes , but all electricity users include the poor who a ) often pay more for their power than better - off people and b ) being less likely to own their homes or to afford the £ 10 - 12 K needed to install solar panels are the least likely to benefit from the scheme .
Their bills will rise just like everyone else 's to pay for a scheme which will mostly benefit the middle classes .
This is why it is deeply regressive .
I wo n't list all the points Leggett fails to address – his space was limited - but the killer fact he ignores is this : feed - in tariffs cannot reduce our carbon emissions by 1g while the UK remains within the European emissions trading scheme .
This is because any savings they make will be offset by the extra emissions that other industries will be allowed to release .
Either we are in the trading scheme and must make it work , in which case measures like the tariff are redundant , or we accept that it does n't work and get out of it .
But at the moment all the feed - in tariff can do is to subsidise polluting industries to produce more greenhouse gases .
To the greens who accuse me of treachery I say this : we do not have a moral obligation to support all forms of renewable energy , however inefficient and expensive they may be .
We do have a moral obligation not to be blinded by sentiment .
We owe it to the public , and to our credibility , to support the schemes which work , fairly and cheaply , and reject the schemes which cost a fortune and make no difference .
www.monbiot.com
It will take something more than a nuclear attack to wipe out taxpayers ' obligations to the Internal Revenue Service .
An addition to the Internal Revenue Manual , which is supposed to guide the conduct of all I.R.S. employees , declares that if the bomb is dropped , '' operations will be concentrated on collecting the taxes which will produce the greater revenue yield . ''
An I.R.S. spokesman , Johnell Hunter , said today that the new section - titled '' National Emergency Operations ' ' - had been added to the manual in response to a directive to Government departments from the Federal Emergency Management Agency .
Within 30 days of an attack emergency , the agency would expect to resume assessing and collecting taxes .
At that time , the manual states , many employees might find themselves reassigned to carry out essential functions '' regardless of and without any effect on the current positions or grades of the employee . ''
CRADLE OF HUMANKIND , South Africa —
Nine - year - old Matthew Berger dashed after his dog , Tau , into the high grass here one sunny morning , tripped over a log and stumbled onto a major archeological discovery .
Scientists announced yesterday that he had found the bones of a new hominid species that lived almost 2 million years ago during the fateful , still mysterious period spanning the emergence of the human family .
“ Dad , I found a fossil ! ’’
Matthew said he cried out to his father , Lee R. Berger , an American paleoanthropologist who had been searching for hominid bones just a hill - and - a - half away for almost two decades .
Fossil hunters have profitably scoured these rolling grasslands north of Johannesburg since the 1930s .
Matthew held in his hands the ancient remains of a 4 - foot - 2 boy who had been just a few years older than Matthew .
Berger , with the Institute for Human Evolution at the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg , and his fellow researchers have since found much more of the boy ’s skeleton , including his extraordinarily well - preserved skull , and three other individuals .
South Africa ’s children will compete to name the boy .
In a report being published today in the journal Science , Berger , 44 , and a team of scientists said the fossils from the boy and a woman were a surprising mixture of primitive and advanced anatomy and thus qualified as a new species of hominid , the ancestors and other close relatives of humans .
It has been named Australopithecus sediba .
The species sediba , which means fountain or wellspring in Sotho , strode upright on long legs , with human - shaped hips and pelvis , but still climbed through trees on apelike arms .
It had the small teeth and more modern face of Homo , the genus that includes modern humans , but the relatively primitive feet and “ tiny brain ’’ of Australopithecus , Berger said .
Geologists estimated that the individuals lived 1.78 to 1.95 million years ago , probably closer to the older date , when australopithecines and early species of Homo were contemporaries .
Scientists not involved in the research are debating whether the bones belong to the Homo or Australopithecus genus , but most agree that the discovery is a major advance in the early fossil history of hominids .
On Aug. 15 , 2008 , when Matthew called his father to look at the bones he had found , Berger began cursing wildly as he neared his son .
The boy mistook his father ’s profanity for anger .
But from 15 feet , Berger , who had done his doctoral work on hominid shoulder bones , among them the clavicle , was astounded to see that his son had in his hands a clavicle with the unmistakable shape of a hominid .
“ I could n’t believe it , ’’ Berger giddily recalled .
“ I took the rock , and I turned it ’’ and “ sticking out of the back of the rock was a mandible with a tooth , a canine , sticking out .
And I almost died , ’’ he said .
In March 2009 he found the remarkably intact cranium of the sediba boy whose clavicle Matthew had picked up .
Donald C. Johanson , who found the famed 3.2 - million - year - old Lucy skeleton in Ethiopia in 1973 , described the skull as “ a fabulous specimen . ’’
The first downpours of the rainy season could have swept the bodies into a pool of water rich with lime and sand — the ingredients of cement — that essentially froze them in place .
Berger called the sediba fossils “ a time machine ’’ into evolutionary processes .
Researchers think the split between apes and the hominid lineage occurred around 7 million years ago in Africa .
The sparse fossil record shows early hominid species already walking upright , but still relatively apelike .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Tonight on the Colbert Report , Stephen Colbert interviewed Wikileaks founder Julian Assange .
We were wondering how Colbert would handle a subject as serious as a video showing 12 people being killed .
Well , he handled it pretty seriously .
Unlike Jon Stewart 's often - substantial sit- downs , Colbert 's interviews usually tend more towards the frivolous .
But his chat with Wikileaks founder and editor Julian Assange actually revealed some new insight into the notoriously mercurial Australian and the organization he runs .
One constant criticism of Wikileaks ' helicopter video has been that its heavy editorial slant clashed with the supposed objectivity of the material they presented .
Colbert challenged Assange on this point : " You have edited this tape , and you have given it a title called ' collateral murder . '
That 's not leaking , that 's a pure editorial . "
Assange responded that Wikileaks promises their sources that they will " try and get the maximum possible political impact for the material the give us . "
According to Assange 's formulation , Wikileaks is essentially an advocacy group whose strength lies in its ability to secure incriminating documents .
Assange also elaborated on Wikileaks ' earlier , tweeted claims that Robert Gates was " a liar " for suggesting the troops in the video were in a " combat situation . "
When Colbert brought up the combat argument , Assange replied : " we have classified records to show that all there was ... was a report of small arms fire , " Assange said .
" 28 minutes later , after circling around the suburbs of Baghdad , the helicopters identified these men and killed them . "
Colbert 's blow - hard character usually just inspires his ( mostly - liberal ) guests to fall back on tired talking points .
But tonight his criticism seemed actually reasonable , and it provided new understanding into Wikileaks and the hybrid form of journalism - advocacy it 's pioneering .
We 'll be able to put this understanding to use soon , when Wikileaks unveils video of a U.S. air strike which killed dozens of civilians in Afghanistan .
( Oh , and before the interview Colbert pretended like he was going to play the helicopter video , but instead showed footage of kittens .
That was funny ! )
Here 's the full interview :
< td style= ' padding : 2px 1px 0px 5 px ; ' colspan= ' 2' Exclusives - Julian Assange Unedited Interview
A pit bull is on probation after ripping the bumper off a police car and chewing the tires on three other cars flat as two other dogs barked and wagged their tails , local media reported Friday .
The brown and white mixed breed named Winston spent two weeks locked up in the Chattannooga , Tennessee animal shelter after the bizarre attack was captured on a police surveillance camera .
ADVERTISEMENT
His owners said they had no clue why he went wild that day , chewing through two fences and attacking four different cars .
He ’d never shown any aggression before that day , owner Nancy Emerling told the Chattanooga Times Free Press .
A two minute police video posted on the paper ’s website ( http://www.timesfreepress.com/news/2010/mar/26/car-eating-dog-set-free/)
shows Winston yanking on the bumper of a police cruiser , refusing to let go as it drives slowly back and forth trying to dislodge the dog .
“ Keep your car still , man , ” one police office can be heard saying as he drives up to the other cruiser in an attempt to scare the dogs away .
The bumper eventually rips right off and a brown dog grabs hold of it as Winston bounds away tail wagging and then drops the white bumper on the pavement .
ADVERTISEMENT
The two dogs and a big black one which had been barking from the sidelines then chases the cruiser down the road .
“ I cannot believe they did n’t shoot him , ” Emerling told the paper shortly after the March 14 attack .
“ I think that the officers showed amazing restraint .
They could not have been nicer . ”
Winston was eventually caught by an animal control officer using a pole after police failed to subdue him with pepper spray and a Taser .
ADVERTISEMENT
He was held for two weeks in the city ’s animal shelter where he was described as a model prisoner .
A judge said she would drop a citation naming Winston a “ potentially dangerous dog ” after six months if he completes obedience training and does n’t act up again .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The obedience training is going to be more like anger management , ” Emerling ’s lawyer , Jim Anderson jokingly told the paper .
The following video was posted to YouTube March 25 , 2010 , by the Associated Press .
WASHINGTON — More than 57 million Americans have become ill from the H1N1 influenza virus and nearly 11,700 have died , according to estimates released Friday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
While the new figures show the H1N1 pandemic virus is still spreading , they also reflect a slowdown in the transmission of the illnesses since last fall .
The CDC had last estimated about 55 million Americans had been sickened , 246,000 were hospitalized and about 11,100 had died through mid-December .
The ...
Android for Windows phones -- simple concept , simple enough installation , but awesome results .
The good people behind the XDAndroid project have been working hard to allow you to get your Google juices flowing nice and freely on your WinMo device and the latest build looks to have all but completed the task .
Demonstrated on a Touch Pro2 -- a phone that recently got itself Ubuntu-ized -- the Android installation experiences no difficulty in making calls , sending SMS or email missives , or browsing the web .
There are still limitations , mind you , with GPS , Bluetooth and " other key functions " not yet available , but for the most part you 're looking at the full Android experience on devices that were n't initially meant for it .
Check it out on video after the break or hit the source link for detailed instructions on how to load this up on your own phone .
[ Thanks to everyone who sent this in ]
Seems the Touch Pro2's keyboardless cousin has no intention of getting left out of the party -- m8cool has a little exposé on HTC's Touch Diamond2 dual - booting WinMo with Android .
Thanks , stagueve !
This X - ray image shows the quasar PKS 1127 - 145 , a highly luminous source of X - rays and visible light located about 10 billion light years from Earth .
Its X - ray jet extends at least a million light years from the quasar .
Credit : NASA .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
The phenomenon of time dilation is a strange yet experimentally confirmed effect of relativity theory .
One of its implications is that events occurring in distant parts of the universe should appear to occur more slowly than events located closer to us .
For example , when observing supernovae , scientists have found that distant explosions seem to fade more slowly than the quickly - fading nearby supernovae .
The effect can be explained because ( 1 ) the speed of light is a constant ( independent of how fast a light source is moving toward or away from an observer ) and ( 2 ) the universe is expanding at an accelerating rate , which causes light from distant objects to redshift ( i.e. the wavelengths to become longer ) in relation to how far away the objects are from observers on Earth .
In other words , as space expands , the interval between light pulses also lengthens .
Since expansion occurs throughout the universe , it seems that time dilation should be a property of the universe that holds true everywhere , regardless of the specific object or event being observed .
However , a new study has found that this does n’t seem to be the case - quasars , it seems , give off light pulses at the same rate no matter their distance from the Earth , without a hint of time dilation .
Astronomer Mike Hawkins from the Royal Observatory in Edinburgh came to this conclusion after looking at nearly 900 quasars over periods of up to 28 years .
When comparing the light patterns of quasars located about 6 billion light years from us and those located 10 billion light years away , he was surprised to find that the light signatures of the two samples were exactly the same .
If these quasars were like the previously observed supernovae , an observer would expect to see longer , “ stretched ” timescales for the distant , “ stretched ” high - redshift quasars .
But even though the distant quasars were more strongly redshifted than the closer quasars , there was no difference in the time it took the light to reach Earth .
This quasar conundrum does n’t seem to have an obvious explanation , although Hawkins has a few ideas .
For some background , quasars are extreme objects in many ways : they are the most luminous and energetic objects known in the universe , and also one of the most distant ( and thus , oldest ) known objects .
Officially called “ quasi - stellar radio sources , ” quasars are dense regions surrounding the central supermassive black holes in the centers of massive galaxies .
They feed off an accretion disc that surrounds each black hole , which powers the quasars ’ extreme luminosity and makes them visible to Earth .
One of Hawkins ’ possible explanations for quasars ’ lack of time dilation is that light from the quasars is being bent by black holes scattered throughout the universe .
These black holes , which may have formed shortly after the big bang , would have a gravitational distortion that affects the time dilation of distant quasars .
However , this idea of “ gravitational microlensing ” is a controversial suggestion , as it requires that there be enough black holes to account for all of the universe ’s dark matter .
As Hawkins explains , most physicists predict that dark matter consists of undiscovered subatomic particles rather than primordial black holes .
There ’s also a possibility that the explanation could be even more far - reaching , such as that the universe is not expanding and that the big bang theory is wrong .
Or , quasars may not be located at the distances indicated by their redshifts , although this suggestion has previously been discredited .
Although these explanations are controversial , Hawkins plans to continue investigating the quasar mystery , and maybe solve a few other problems along the way .
Hawkins ’ paper will be published in an upcoming issue of the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society .
Explore further Quasar Dust in the Early Universe
More information : * On time dilation in quasar light curves , M. R. S. Hawkins ,
Via : *
On time dilation in quasar light curves , M. R. S. Hawkins , DOI:10.1111/j.1365-2966.2010.16581.x Via : New Scientist
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
Panel 1 : Lisa bursts into Jenny 's computer room .
Lisa : Jenny , how could you ?!
Jenny : Lisa !
Panel 2 :
Jenny : I 'm so embarrassed that you found me this way !
Panel 3 :
Jenny ( reveals that she is wearing a red Star Trek uniform ) :
In uniform and playing Star Trek Online ... And I used to think World of Warcraft was nerdy !
Panel 4 :
Lisa ( holding some of Jenny's red Star Trek shirt ) :
Actually I just meant " How could you put yourself in mortal dagner by wearing a red shirt uniform ?
Death of the web moves closer as UN calls for policing cyberspace
Paul Joseph Watson , Alex Jones & Steve Watson
Prison Planet.com
Monday , February 1 , 2010
Calls to introduce a licensing system to police the Internet on behalf of a powerful UN agency represent the latest salvo in a long - running battle to kill free speech on the web and bring an end to the powerful digital democracy that has devastated the carbon tax agenda of the UN by exposing the Climategate scandal .
UN International Telcommunications Union secretary general Hamadoun Toure told the World Economic Forum in Davos this past weekend that global treaties need to be enacted in the name of stopping cyber warfare .
Craig Mundie , chief research and strategy officer for Microsoft , told fellow globalists at the summit that the Internet needed to be policed by means of introducing licenses similar to drivers licenses – in other words government permission to use the web .
“ We need a kind of World Health Organization for the Internet , ” he said .
“ If you want to drive a car you have to have a license to say that you are capable of driving a car , the car has to pass a test to say it is fit to drive and you have to have insurance . ”
Andre Kudelski , chairman of Kudelski Group , said that people should be forced to “ have two computers that cannot connect and pass on viruses ” .
Since using the Internet requires a computer to connect to a network , it seems unclear as to how this would work without blocking off entire areas of the Internet altogether .
Globalists are invoking the threat of cyber attacks by nation states in order to accomplish their real agenda of stifling and regulating out of existence the last true outpost of free speech – the Internet .
The establishment is furious at the level of influence individuals and small political groups have been able to wield by means of the world wide web , particularly over the last few years .
Climategate is a perfect example of the power of the digital democracy that authoritarian enemies of free speech want to crush .
The Copenhagen global warming conference was completely devastated by the Climategate revelations which appeared just days before elitists convened to ram through their CO2 scam .
As a result of bloggers feverishly pursuing the Climategate story , the entire foundation of the UN ’s IPCC has been totally eviscerated and the global warming hoax is on its last legs .
The power to cripple entire branches of their control freak agenda within a matter of weeks has the globalists hopping mad , which is why their mission to eliminate real free speech on the web is accelerating .
“ Do n’t be surprised if it becomes reality in the near future , ” writes ZD Net ’s Doug Hanchard .
“ Every device connected to the Internet will have a permament license plate and without it , the network wo n’t allow you to log in . ”
The graphic below illustrates how you would be blocked from using the Internet if your device had not obtained government permission to access the network .
Another method would be to make the use of fingerprint scanners that are included on a lot of new computer models mandatory .
You would have to register your fingerprint at a central government data center and then scan each time you want to access the Internet .
Misbehave online and your access will be denied .
“ One thing is for sure , ” concludes Hanchard , “ A lot of money is going to be spent trying and sooner or later , everyone may have to pay with an Internet cop instant messaging you – “ license and registration please ” .
It seems certain that cyber security problems will be exploited or even manufactured to justify the move to Internet licensing .
Authorities need to create a strong pretext to justify measures that would otherwise be rightly rejected for what they truly represent – government regulation and censorship of the web that would outstrip anything the Communist Chinese have attempted .
Internet censorship bills currently working their way into law in the UK , Australia and the U.S. legislate for government powers to restrict and filter any website that it deems to be undesirable for public consumption .
In the UK , legislation slated as the “ Digital Economy Bill “ , currently being debated in the House of Lords , would allow the Home Secretary to place “ a technical obligation on internet service providers ” to block whichever sites it wishes .
Under clause 11 of the proposed legislation “ technical obligation ” is defined as follows :
A “ technical obligation ” , in relation to an internet service provider , is an obligation for the provider to take a technical measure against particular subscribers to its service .
A “ technical measure ” is a measure that — ( a ) limits the speed or other capacity of the service provided to a subscriber ; ( b ) prevents a subscriber from using the service to gain access to particular material , or limits such use ; ( c ) suspends the service provided to a subscriber ; or ( d ) limits the service provided to a subscriber in another way .
In other words , the government will have the power to force ISPs to downgrade and even block your internet access to certain websites or altogether if it wishes .
The legislation comes in the wake of amplified UK government efforts to seize more power over the internet and those who use it .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
For months now unelected “ Secretary of State ” Lord Mandelson has overseen government efforts to challenge the independence of the of UK ’s internet infrastructure .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
Mandelson also wants to impose harsh policies , via the Digital Economy Bill , that would see users ’ broadband access cut off indefinitely , in addition to a fine of up to £ 50,000 without evidence or trial , if they download copyrighted music and films .
The plan has been identified as “ potentially illegal ” by experts .
The legislation would impose a duty on ISPs to effectively spy on all their customers by keeping records of the websites they have visited and the material they have downloaded .
ISPs who refuse to cooperate could be fined £ 250,000 .
As Journalist and copyright law expert Cory Doctrow has noted , the bill also gives the Secretary of State the power to make up as many new penalties and enforcement systems as he likes , without Parliamentary oversight or debate .
This could include the authority to appoint private militias , who will have the power to kick you off the internet , spy on your use of the network , demand the removal of files in addition to the blocking of websites .
Mandelson and his successors will have the power to invent any penalty , including jail time , for any digital transgression he deems Britons to be guilty of .
Despite being named the Digital Economy Bill , the legislation contains nothing that will actually stimulate the economy and is largely based on shifting control over the internet into government hands , allowing unaccountable bureaucrats to arbitrarily hide information from the public should they wish to do so .
Mandelson began the onslaught on the free internet in the UK after spending a luxury two week holiday at Nat Rothschild ’s Corfu mansion with multi-millionaire record company executive David Geffen .
The Digital Economy Bill is intrinsically linked to long term plans by the UK government to carry out an unprecedented extension of state powers by claiming the authority to monitor all emails , phone calls and internet activity nationwide .
Last year the government announced its intention to create a massive central database , gathering details on every text sent , e-mail sent , phone call made and website visited by everyone in the UK .
The programme , known as the “ Interception Modernisation Programme ” , would allow spy chiefs at GCHQ , the government ’s secret eavesdropping agency , the centre for Signal Intelligence ( SIGINT ) activities ( pictured above ) , to effectively place a “ live tap ” on every electronic communication in Britain in the name of preventing terrorism .
Following outcry over the announcement , the government suggested last April that it was scaling down the plans , with then Home Secretary Jacqui Smith stating that there were “ absolutely no plans for a single central store ” of communications data .
However , as the “ climbdown ” was celebrated by civil liberties advocates and the plan was “ replaced ” by new laws requiring ISPs to store details of emails and internet telephony for just 12 months , fresh details emerged indicating the government was implementing a big brother spy system that far outstrips the original public announcement .
The London Times published leaked details of a secret mass internet surveillance project known as “ Mastering the Internet ” ( MTI ) .
Costing hundreds of millions in public funds , the system is already being implemented by GCHQ with the aid of American defence giant Lockheed Martin and British IT firm Detica , which has close ties to the intelligence agencies .
A group of over 300 internet service providers and telecommunications firms has attempted to fight back over the radical plans , describing the proposals as an unwarranted invasion of people ’s privacy .
Currently , any interception of a communication in Britain must be authorised by a warrant signed by the home secretary or a minister of equivalent rank .
Only individuals who are the subject of police or security service investigations may be subject to surveillance .
If the GCHQ ’s MTI project is completed , black - box probes would be placed at critical traffic junctions with internet service providers and telephone companies , allowing eavesdroppers to instantly monitor the communications of every person in the country without the need for a warrant .
Even if you believe GCHQ ’s denial that it has any plans to create a huge monitoring system , the current law under the RIPA ( the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act ) allows hundreds of government agencies access to the records of every internet provider in the country .
In publicly announced proposals to extend these powers , firms will be asked to collect and store even more vast amounts of data , including from social networking sites such as Facebook .
If the plans go ahead , every internet user will be given a unique ID code and all their data will be stored in one place .
Government agencies such as the police and security services will have access to the data should they request it with respect to criminal or terrorist investigations .
This is clearly the next step in an incremental program to implement an already exposed full scale big brother spy system designed to completely obliterate privacy , a fundamental right under Article 8 of the European Convention on Human Rights .
Similar efforts to place restrictions on the internet are unfolding in Australia where the government is implementing a mandatory and wide - ranging internet filter modeled on that of the Communist Chinese government .
Australian communication minister Stephen Conroy said the government would be the final arbiter on what sites would be blacklisted under “ refused classification . ”
The official justification for the filter is to block child pornography , however , as the watchdog group Electronic Frontiers Australia has pointed out , the law will also allow the government to block any website it desires while the pornographers can relatively easily skirt around the filters .
Earlier this year , the Wikileaks website published a leaked secret list of sites slated to be blocked by Australia ’s state - sponsored parental filter .
The list revealed that blacklisted sites included “ online poker sites , YouTube links , regular gay and straight porn sites , Wikipedia entries , euthanasia sites , websites of fringe religions such as satanic sites , fetish sites , Christian sites , the website of a tour operator and even a Queensland dentist . ”
The filter will even block web - based games deemed unsuitable for anyone over the age of fifteen , according to the Australian government .
The broad attack on the free internet is not only restricted to the UK and Australia .
The European Union , Finland , Denmark , Germany and other countries in Europe have all proposed blocking or limiting access to the internet and using filters like those used in Iran , Syria , China , and other repressive regimes .
In 2008 in the U.S. , The Motion Picture Association of America asked president Obama to introduce laws that would allow the federal government to effectively spy on the entire Internet , establishing a system where being accused of copyright infringement would result in loss of your Internet connection .
In 2009 the Cybersecurity Act was introduced , proposing to allow the federal government to tap into any digital aspect of every citizen ’s information without a warrant .
Banking , business and medical records would be wide open to inspection , as well as personal instant message and e mail communications .
The legislation , introduced by Senators John Rockefeller ( D - W. Va. ) and Olympia Snowe ( R - Maine ) in April , gives the president the ability to “ declare a cybersecurity emergency ” and shut down or limit Internet traffic in any “ critical ” information network “ in the interest of national security . ”
The bill does not define a critical information network or a cybersecurity emergency .
That definition would be left to the president , according to a Mother Jones report .
During a hearing on the bill , Senator John Rockefeller betrayed the true intent behind the legislation when he stated , “ Would it have been better if we ’d have never invented the Internet , ” while fearmongering about cyber attacks on the U.S. government and how the country could be shut down .
Watch the clip below .
The Obama White House has also sought a private contractor to “ crawl and archive ” data such as comments , tag lines , e-mail , audio and video from any place online where the White House “ maintains a presence ” – for a period of up to eight years .
Obama has also proposed scaling back a long - standing ban on tracking how people use government Internet sites with “ cookies ” and other technologies .
Recent disclosures under the Freedom Of Information
Act also reveal that the federal government has several contracts with social media outlets such as Youtube ( Google ) , Facebook , Myspace and Flickr ( Yahoo ) that waive rules on monitoring users and permit companies to track visitors to government web sites for advertising purposes .
The U.S. military also has some $ 30 Billion invested in it ’s own mastering the internet projects .
We have extensively covered efforts to scrap the internet as we know it and move toward a greatly restricted “ internet 2 ″ system .
All of the above represents stepping stones toward the realisation of that agenda .
The free internet is under attack the world over , only by exposing the true intentions of our governments to restrict the flow of data can we defeat such efforts and preserve the last vestige of independent information .
This article was posted : Monday , February 1 , 2010 at 11:01 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
The melting of glaciers is well documented , but when looking at the rate at which they have been retreating , a team of international researchers steps back and says not so fast .
Previous studies have largely overestimated mass loss from Alaskan glaciers over the past 40 - plus years , according to Erik Schiefer , a Northern Arizona University geographer who coauthored a paper in the February issue of Nature Geoscience that recalculates glacier melt in Alaska .
The research team , led by Étienne Berthier of the Laboratory for Space Studies in Geophysics and Oceanography at the Université de Toulouse in France , says that glacier melt in Alaska between 1962 and 2006 contributed about one - third less to sea - level rise than previously estimated .
Schiefer said melting glaciers in Alaska originally were thought to contribute about .0067 inches to sea - level rise per year .
The team 's new calculations put that number closer to .0047 inches per year .
The numbers sound small , but as Schiefer said , " It adds up over the decades . "
While the team looked at three - fourths of all the ice in Alaska , Schiefer noted , " We 're also talking about a small proportion of ice on the planet .
When massive ice sheets ( such as in the Antarctic and Greenland ) are added in , you 're looking at significantly greater rates of sea - level rise . "
Schiefer said the team plans to use the same methodologies from the Alaskan study in other glacial regions to determine if further recalibrations of ice melt are in order .
These techniques use satellite imagery that spans vast areas of ice cover .
Previous methods estimated melt for a smaller subset of individual glaciers .
The most comprehensive technique previously available used planes that flew along the centerlines of selected glaciers to measure ice surface elevations .
These elevations were then compared to those mapped in the 1950s and 1960s .
From this , researchers inferred elevation changes and then extrapolated this to other glaciers .
Two factors led to the original overestimation of ice loss with this method , Schiefer said .
One is the impact of thick deposits of rock debris that offer protection from solar radiation and , thus , melting .
The other was not accounting for the thinner ice along the edges of glaciers that also resulted in less ice melt .
Schiefer and his colleagues used data from the SPOT 5 French satellite and the Japanese ASTER instrument on NASA 's Terra satellite and converted the optical imagery to elevation information .
They then compared this information to the topographical series maps of glacial elevations dating back to the 1950s .
While the team determined a lower rate of glacial melt during a greater than 40 - year span , Schiefer said other studies have demonstrated the rate of ice loss has more than doubled in just the last two decades .
" With current projections of climate change , we expect that acceleration to continue , " Schiefer said .
This substantial increase in ice loss since the 1990s is now pushing up the rise in sea level to between .0098 inches and .0118 inches per year -- more than double the average rate for the last 40 years .
Working on the Alaskan glacial melt revision with Schiefer and Berthier were Garry Clarke of the University of British Columbia , Brian Menounos of the University of Northern British Columbia and Frédérique Rémy of the Université de Toulouse .
Who knew that the Paperwork Reduction
Act could prevent government agencies from launching social media apps on their websites , but the worry was sufficient to prompt the Obama administration to clarify the matter .
No need to fear the PRA , declared White House Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs administrator Cass Sunstein in a memo published on Wednesday .
" Agencies and members of the public have asked whether uses of social media and Web - based interactive technologies are information collections subject to the PRA , " Sunstein noted .
" Although certain uses of such media and technologies unquestionably count as information collections , many do not . "
The advisory was released as a slew of federal departments are disclosing plans to make their websites more accessible and useful .
Forms for forms
Funny thing — it turns out that no matter how well intentioned lawmakers are when they approve some momentous legislation , sooner or later it will stand in the way of something good .
The PRA , enacted into law in 1980 , was designed to reign in that tyrannical weapon which the government inflicts upon the public from time to time : the information collection form .
These forms can be necessary and useful , but they can also burden businesses and public institutions like schools or hospitals .
Thanks to the PRA , not only do government agencies have to go through a complex process to justify whatever data gathering activity they 've got in mind , they have to fill out a form to get permission from the Office of Management and Budget to create a new form .
That 's right .
There 's a form for the form , specifically OMB Form 83 ( in case you 're tempted to fill it out , do n't bother ; you 've got to get a " control number " from the OMB to do so ) .
Three decades after the passage of the PRA , the problem now is that this worthy effort to reign in government form lust could also inhibit federal departments from putting up all kinds of nifty wikis , blogs , chat boards , and such , since they could be interpreted by the folks over at OMB as forms as well .
But here 's the good news , says Sunstein ( who , by the way , has written extensively about the Web ) .
There are three categories of data that the OMB excludes from the PRA .
The first are " facts or opinions submitted in response to general solicitations of comments , " next comes " facts or opinions obtained or solicited at or in connection with public hearings or meetings , " and finally , " like items " that are not " information " — in other words , whatever else the OMB thinks goes along with the first two categories .
Keep it unstructured
The " general solicitation " category means that as long as government agencies solicit online comments or feedback in an " unstructured " way , they 're good to go .
So a text box that asks for comments on a public statement is fine .
This opens the door to " blogs ; microblogs ; audio , photo , or video sharing websites ; or online message boards ( whether hosted on a .gov domain or by a third - party provider ) , " the memo explains .
Add to the whitelist suggestion boxes or e-mail addresses where users can send an agency their ideas , user login accounts , forms that let the public sign up for government news , statements , and alerts , and wikis in which participants can add content .
Sites that post proposals and users to rank are also acceptable , as are tag clouds and login options that allow users to modify the site or filter data .
Even contests are permissible .
" An agency might ask the general public for ideas for improving current practices under a statute that it administers , for potential solutions to a scientific , technological , social , or other problem , or for innovations ( e.g. , video and software applications ) that might advance an agency ’s mission , " the memo explains .
" These general requests do not become subject to the PRA merely because they take the form of a contest , or because the agency announces that it will give a prize to the best submissions . "
But the trick is to not get too specific with any of this stuff .
Be careful not to ask anyone for user data beyond names and mailing addresses , the advisory adds , such as age , gender , job , ethnicity , or citizenship information .
The PRA covers all that , because it goes beyond the basic data Web users need to identify themselves .
The philosophy seems to be that as long as the website solicits feedback and participation , but not demographic data , it 's not covered by the PRA .
Not for policy or planning
Finally , the memo warns government agencies not to get too wild with all this Web stuff :
" OMB recommends . . . that agencies exercise good judgment and caution when using rankings , ratings , or tagging .
Specifically , agency use of the information generated by these tools should be limited to organizing , ranking , and sorting comments .
Because , in general , the results of online rankings , ratings , and tagging ( e.g. , number of votes or top rank ) are not statistically generalizable , they should not be used as the basis for policy or planning . "
So do n't expect the Federal Communications Commission to decide on which section in the Communications
Act it should base its proposed Open Internet rules via a poll taken on broadband.gov ( sorry ) .
No gay stereotypes here
Out magazine .
The newest issue has a short blurb about another man from our generation who had some trouble coping with his homosexuality , Richard Alpert .
Never heard of him ?
How about Baba Ram Dass ?
Both were important names -- of the same person -- when I was growing up .
Alpert was a professor ay Harvard who worked with an old friend of mine -- the person who gave me my first acid trip -- Timothy Leary .
I worked for Leary , briefly , in Millbrook , NY , where he and Alpert were doing LSD experiments .
Soon after , Alpert went to India , immersed himself in spiritual Hinduism and came out the other side as an important teacher and the writer of one of the books most important to me in the world , should have -- that and maybe taken some acid .
The Out blurb riffs off a new book ,
Out : Entwined in Alpert 's part of the story is that he was having relationships with men from a young age .
Lattin :
At boarding school he was caught rolling around naked with another boy -- he described it as " wrestling . "
Coming of age , he was n't sure what to do with [ his sexuality ] -- it was the '50s .
He danced around it for a long time .
He called himself a bisexual in the ' 70s and ' 80s .
He had a steady girlfriend .
But he was basically gay .
Out :
In the book , he says of his first trip , " For the first time , I felt good inside .
It was OK to be me . "
Lattin : Psychedelics break down the barriers we construct around our sexuality .
People really open up on them -- not necessarily in a sexual way , but in an emotional and spiritual way .
Out :
What did his colleagues think about him being gay ?
Lattin : Leary did n't want him to come out .
He thought it would be bad for their reputation .
That reinforced Alpert 's internalized homophobia .
Leary did an interview with Playboy in 1966 where he said all kinds of crazy things , and one of the most ridiculous was that LSD was " a cure for homosexuality . "
Out :
You write that Alpert decided " he was more homosexual than bisexual , but that being gay would never be his central , defining characteristic . "
What eventually led him to this resolution ?
Lattin :
He was on a spiritual quest -- another reason he did n't want to come out .
It was n't what he was about .
The AIDS epidemic got him comfortable with dealing with his sexuality .
He 'd been doing grief counseling before [ the crisis ] and later saw himself as a counselor for people dying of AIDS , and many of them were gay .
That really opened him up .
Ultimately , he came to a reconciliation of his sexuality and his spirituality that 's really beautiful .
Eric is n't taking my phone calls .
I hope he 's reading DWT , and I hope he 's unwinding and relaxing and coming to grips with who he is in the context of his family and the rest of his life .
I 'll bet Eric does n't readmagazine .
The newest issue has a short blurb about another man from our generation who had some trouble coping with his homosexuality , Richard Alpert .
Never heard of him ?
How about Baba Ram Dass ?
Both were important names -- of the same person -- when I was growing up .
Alpert was a professor ay Harvard who worked with an old friend of mine -- the person who gave me my first acid trip -- Timothy Leary .
I worked for Leary , briefly , in Millbrook , NY , where he and Alpert were doing LSD experiments .
Soon after , Alpert went to India , immersed himself in spiritual Hinduism and came out the other side as an important teacher and the writer of one of the books most important to me in the world , Be Here Now .
I never did ask Eric if he'd read it ; I never thought he had .
Hehave -- that and maybe taken some acid .
Theblurb riffs off a new book , The Harvard Psychedelic Club by Don Lattin , and it addresses Alpert 's / Ram Dass ' coming to terms with his sexuality .
Eric is n't taking my phone calls .
I hope he 's reading , and I hope he 's unwinding and relaxing and coming to grips with who he is in the context of his family and the rest of his life .
I 've been speculating that my friend Eric Massa has been having a nervous breakdown because he spent his life so tightly closeted that he had never had to really confront the possibility that he was ... bisexual or something .
When he was outed , his entire world came crashing down around him , including his inner world -- all in the bright , unforgiving klieg lights of cheap national notoriety .
Then a few days ago Noah raised the possibility that Eric 's erratic behavior is caused by Rituximab , a genetically engineered chimeric monoclonal antibody used to treat non-Hodgkins lymphoma .
a drug whose side effects sometimes include psychosis .
Eric's from a military family , went to Annapolis and has led a pretty regimented life .
One of his kids remarked offhandedly that he always seemed angry
Labels : Don Lattin , Eric Massa , internalized homophobia , LSD
SANTIAGO , Chile —
As the Chilean government employed helicopters and boats to extend aid to earthquake - battered regions , President Michelle Bachelet on Tuesday began to grapple with the enormous cost of rebuilding the country , saying it could extend into the tens of billions of dollars .
The death toll from the earthquake rose to nearly 800 , Ms. Bachelet told reporters during a visit to the shattered city of Curicó .
Overall damage estimates ran as high as $ 30 billion , Ms. Bachelet said earlier in the day , with about 500,000 homes destroyed and serious damage done to bridges , roads , ports and public transportation stations .
Some of Chile ’s economic engines , like its forestry companies and its wineries , were also hard hit , economists said .
The country ’s important copper mines , which produce about a third of the world ’s mined copper , are mostly in the north and appear to have been largely spared .
When pressed for a monetary estimate of the damage at an appearance with Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton at the Santiago airport , Ms. Bachelet , whose term ends soon , gave a heavy sigh and said , “ All I can say is it ’s going to be a lot . ”
She added , “ Chile has the capacity , but I think it ’s going to take a long time and it will mean a whole lot of money . ”
Mrs. Clinton , on a tour of Latin America , greeted Ms. Bachelet with an embrace and vowed to help Chileans with whatever they needed to get back on their feet .
Delivering 25 satellite phones , one of which she handed to the Chilean president personally , Mrs. Clinton said that the United States was already preparing to send eight water purification units , temporary bridges , a field hospital and other medical supplies to the damage zone .
“ We ’ll be here to help when others leave because we are committed to this partnership and this friendship with Chile , ” Mrs. Clinton said .
Access to the country began opening up Tuesday as the government announced that the damaged passenger terminal at the Santiago airport would be replaced with tents to allow more flights in and out .
Although a large aid effort was under way , tens of thousands of Chileans affected by the quake that struck early Saturday remain with little or no food , drinking water and shelter , and reports of looting and other lawlessness continued .
In Concepción , one of the hardest - hit cities , thousands of government troops were sent in to restore order , extending an overnight curfew until midday .
Ms. Bachelet said that putting an end to the violence in affected areas was her most pressing concern , while her successor , Sebastián Piñera , called the wave of vandalism “ unacceptable . ”
The potential for serious economic setbacks in a country considered one of this region ’s success stories was a central concern among government officials on Tuesday .
Mr. Piñera , the first conservative elected to office since the end of the dictatorship of Gen. Augusto Pinochet , said he had not abandoned his campaign promises to grow Chile ’s economy this year and create about 200,000 jobs .
Image Soldiers arrested people suspected of looting in Concepción , Chile , on Tuesday .
Credit ... Claudio Santana / Agence France - Presse
But in some outlying areas , entire towns have been utterly destroyed or have “ totally disappeared , ” according to World Vision , an aid organization .
People are camping in the streets , in tents and in the hills , and “ supplies are low nearly everywhere , ” the group said , but bringing in aid has been difficult because many roads are impassable .
In Constitución , a town on the Pacific coast that endured both the earthquake and the tsunami that followed , the bodies have begun to smell .
The gym has been turned into a makeshift morgue , and residents gathered in the plaza on Tuesday in the hope that relief trucks would arrive .
“ The best moments of my life , I ’ve had there , ” said Karina Murga , 27 , whose family fled Constitución to stay with her brother in Talca after their house was ruined .
Her brother has electricity but still no water , so Ms. Murga has to use a fire hydrant .
Many residents of Constitución say they will not return , Ms. Murga said , but she wants to go back .
“ Part of my heart is there , ” she said , beginning to cry .
At the United Nations , Catherine Bragg , the deputy head of humanitarian relief , said that Chile was probably the best - prepared country in Latin America for such a disaster and as such required relatively little aid from the world body .
Still , she said , “ No matter how prepared you are , there are going to be repercussions from something as big as this . ”
Wine is a major segment of the Chilean economy , and the Maule Valley , Chile ’s oldest and most productive wine region , was struck hard .
Viña Concha y Toro , the country ’s largest wine maker , said its wineries were significantly damaged , leading the company to stop production and sales for a week .
“ There is much destruction , ” Mario Lobo , director of Los Vascos in the Colchagua Valley , north of the epicenter , said in an e-mail message .
“ We are looking after our people first to provide the neediest with shelter , water and food .
There is still no electricity , water or any type of phone service . ”
Elsewhere in the countryside , the story was much the same : wine casks destroyed ; huge vats cracked , their wine spilling out ; ruined equipment ; and structural damage that could threaten the coming vintage as well .
“ It was a double whammy , ” said Michael Evans , founder of The Vines of Mendoza , a winery in Mendoza , Argentina , a region that felt the earthquake on the other side of the Andes .
“ This is all happening when the harvest is beginning , when the grapes are ready to be harvested . ”
In the central valley of Colchagua , a three - day party to mark the wine harvest was to begin next week .
Not this year .
“ This is no time to celebrate , ” said José Miguel Viu , the third - generation owner of the Viu Manent vineyard near the tourist town of Santa Cruz .
Wine barrels were ruined , about 132,000 gallons have been lost and broken bottles littered the floor .
The smell of wasted wine was everywhere .
In contrast , copper prices that rose after the quake began to fall on Tuesday when reports came in that damage was less than anticipated , Reuters reported .
Chile ’s Codelco , the world ’s top copper miner with annual production of 210,000 tons , said that all operations at its major Andina copper mine would be back online soon .
For many Chileans , though , normality seemed a long way off .
Daniela Aguero , 24 , who works in Santiago , the capital , was still trying to reach her missing relatives in Concepción .
“ I am desperate , been waiting for days with no news , ” she said with tears in her eyes .
“ I fear the worst . ”
House Republicans will demand a vote this week on whether Rep. Charles Rangel , D - N.Y. , should be stripped of his Ways and Means chairmanship -- the first such attempt since the 39 - year veteran was admonished by the House ethics committee last week .
Rep. John Carter , R - Texas , intends to offer a resolution on Rangel Tuesday and hopes for a vote by mid-week , spokesman John Stone tells On Politics .
Rangel was admonished by the ethics panel on Thursday for taking trips to the Caribbean that were paid for by private corporations , a violation of the House gift rules .
The funding for the trips -- to Antigua in 2007 and St. Maarten in 2008 -- was not initially disclosed by Rangel 's office .
Last year , the House took two votes on whether Rangel , who has been at the center of multiple ethics probes , should keep his seat atop the influential tax - writing committee .
Democrats coalesced and supported Rangel in both votes .
Republicans , however , have been making an issue of those votes in a number of competitive House races this year .
The National Republican Congressional Committee sent press releases to 71 Democratic - controlled districts criticizing lawmakers for voting to support Rangel .
One of those releases , sent to papers in the Upstate New York district of Democratic Rep. Michael Arcuri , argues that the congressman " has already voted twice to sweep his party 's corruption problems under the rug by letting Rangel off the hook . "
Rangel has said he intends to stay on as chairman .
Though he has been the leading spokesman pushing for Rangel 's ouster , Carter came under fire himself last year after failing to report thousand of dollars in profits on his annual financial disclosure form , according to Politico .
Stone countered that Carter has since cleared the air by making his tax records public .
( Posted by John Fritze )
Back in the early 1990s , before there was a World Wide Web , there was the Internet Gopher .
It was a distributed information system in the same sense as the web , but did n’t use hypertext and was text - based .
Gopher was popular back then , as it made it easy to hop from one server to the next in a way that FTP did n’t .
Gopher has hung on over the years , and is still clinging to life in a way .
Back in 2007 , I was disturbed at the number of old famous Gopher servers that had disappeared off the Internet without a trace .
Some of these used to be known by most users of the Internet in the early 90s .
To my knowledge , no archive of this data existed .
Nobody like archive.org had ever attempted to save Gopherspace .
So I decided I would .
I wrote Gopherbot , a spidering archiver for Gopherspace .
I ran it in June 2007 , and saved off all the documents and sites it could find .
That saved 40 GB of data , or about 780,000 documents .
Since that time , more servers have died .
To my knowledge , this is the only comprehensive archive there is of what Gopherspace was like .
( Another person is working on a new 2010 archive run , which I ’m guessing will find some new documents but turn up fewer overall than 2007 did . )
When this was done , I compressed the archive with tar and bzip2 and split it out to 4 DVDs and mailed copies to a few people in the Gopher community .
Recently , we ’ve noted that hard disk failures have hobbled a few actually maintained Gopher sites , so I read this archive back in and posted it on BitTorrent .
If you ’d like to own a piece of Internet history , download the torrent file and go to town ( and please stick around to seed if you can ) .
This is 15 GB compressed , and also includes a rare video interview with two of the founders of Gopher .
There are some plans to potentially host this archive publicly in the manner of archive.org ; we ’ll have to wait and see if anything comes of it .
Finally , I have tried to find a place willing to be a permanent host of this data , and to date have struck out .
If anybody knows of such a place , please get in touch .
I regret that so many Gopher sites disappeared before 2007 , but life is what it is , and this is the best snapshot of the old Gopherspace that I ’m aware of and would like to make sure that this piece of history is preserved .
Update :
The torrents are now permaseeded at ibiblio.org .
See the 2007 archive and the 2006 mirror collection .
Update :
The ibiblio mirror is now down , but you can find them on archive.org .
See the 2007 archive and the 2006 mirror collection .
“ Families and students who rely on federal student aid need to know that Congress sides with them and not with the big banks , ” Senator Tom Harkin , Democrat of Iowa and chairman of the Education Committee , said at a news conference on Thursday .
“ The federal government has been subsidizing these banks and wasting taxpayer money for far too long .
It ’s time to end it . ”
Private banks had lobbied fiercely against the bill , which would cut off a longtime stream of revenue .
Even on Thursday , lobbyists for the private lenders made a last - ditch effort to stop Democrats from adding it to the budget package .
House Democrats predicted that packaging the two proposals in an expedited budget reconciliation bill would help them secure the needed votes on health care because the financial aid bill is popular .
In September , the House adopted that bill , the Student Aid and Fiscal Responsibility Act , by a vote of 253 to 171 .
Senate Democrats said that they could lose some votes as a result of the packaging , but that they did not believe it would swing the outcome .
Senate Democrats nominally control 59 votes , and need only 50 to approve the reconciliation measure , because Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. would break a tie .
Some Democrats in the Senate , where the private student loan industry has strong allies , had resisted tying the two bills together .
But federal education officials warned on Thursday that if Congress failed to act , millions of students might see their Pell grants cut by 60 percent .
I carried some rather potent messianic fantasies with me from childhood , which I felt I had to control otherwise they might get me into trouble .
- George Soros
Obama ’s boss , George Soros discovered his own narcissism at an early age .
Robert Slater , in his unauthorized biography of Soros — Soros , The Life , Times & Trading Secrets of the World ’s Greatest Investor :
“ Yet , what is one to make of a child who believed he was God ? ”
Slater posits that such grandiose thoughts in childhood , if they were the “ fleeting dreams of a small child ” might be understandable if Soros had given any indication as an adult that he had outgrown his delusions .
“ Yet , as an adult , he offered no sign , no dismissive gesture , no footnote signifying that he no longer clung to such wild convictions , but only the suggestion of how difficult it was for someone to believe himself a deity . ” ( Pg. 15 ) .
In other words , Soros figured out early on that his messiah complex was n’t going to be well received in the real world and he should try to tone it down a bit .
He ’s having mixed results with that .
There are those who still cling doggedly to the fabrication that Soros is some kind of “ philanthropist ” despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary .
The compassionate philanthropist has been pushing for human euthanasia for years .
The august altruist has long believed we made much too big of a fuss about 9/11 , an event which he found inspiring : “ Hijacking fully fueled airliners and using them as suicide bombs was an audacious idea , and its execution could not have been more spectacular . ”
( George Soros , “ The Bubble Of American Supremacy , ” The Atlantic Monthly , 12/03 )
Poor George , like his current Jackal in Chief , has carried the burden of being a god throughout his life :
“ A passage in his book The Alchemy of Finance , published in 1987 , distinguishes Soros from all other financiers , ever .
‘ I have always harboured an exaggerated view of my self - importance , ’ he wrote .
‘ To put it bluntly , I fancied myself as some kind of god or an economic reformer like Keynes , or , even better , like Einstein .
My sense of reality was strong enough to make me realise that these expectations were excessive , and I kept them hidden as a guilty secret .
This was a source of considerable unhappiness through much of my adult life .
As I made my way in the world , reality came close enough to my fantasy to allow me to admit my secret , at least to myself .
Needless to say , I feel much happier as a result . ’”
In 2003 , Soros figured out that he could force his repugnant ideas on America more efficiently by simply changing the government than by pressing the actual issues :
“ ‘ I ’ve come to the conclusion , ’ Soros told Fortune , ‘ that one can do a lot more about the issues I care about by changing the government than by pushing the issues . ’
In short , he has become the world ’s angriest billionaire . ” ( Mark Gimein , “ George Soros Is Mad As Hell , ” Fortune , 10/27/03 )
In 2006 and 2008 , Soros made substantial progress toward his goal of changing the United States government :
“ Though Soros and his Shadow Party failed to bring about ‘ regime change ’ in 2004 , the vast network of interrelated Shadow Party groups would prove to be key players in the 2006 midterm elections that saw Democrats seize control of Congress .
Of particular significance was Democracy Alliance , a non -tax - exempt nonprofit entity registered in the District of Columbia , which Soros had founded in 2005 , and whose long - term objective was to develop a funding clearinghouse for leftist groups . ”
“ In 2008 , Soros ’ Shadow Party was again a major force in the movement that not only expanded the Democratic Party ’s congressional majorities , but also delivered the presidency to Barack Obama . ”
George Soros has orchestrated plenty of regime changes .
Do n’t be fooled by the mythology that Soros was instrumental in opposing communism in Eastern Europe .
Soros places himself on whichever side is most likely to net him the greatest power .
According to Slater , Soros is fascinated by chaos .
“ That ’s how I make my money : understanding the revolutionary process in financial markets ” ( Slater , pg. 47 ) .
If it ’s chaos Soros is looking for , he ’s got the right cipher in the White House .
A Radio Shack just exploded with a big ball of fire in Manhattan .
It happened on 6th avenue , in between 19th and 20th streets .
According to Fox NY , it was a " manhole explosion " that " sparked a transformer fire . "
Advertisement
Click to view
A ) I hope nobody is injured .
B ) I 'm glad is not the only worthy Shack ( Shake Shack ) .
[ New York Magazine via MyFox ]
COVID - 19 Creates Opening for OT Security Reform Commentary | 9/30/2020 |
Post a comment Operations technology was once considered low risk , at least until the virus came along and re-arranged the threat landscape .
Attacker Dwell Time : Ransomware 's Most Important Metric Commentary | 9/30/2020 | 2 comments
How to bolster security defenses by zeroing in on the length of time an interloper remains undetected inside your network .
Shifting Left of Left : Why Secure Code Is n't Always Quality Code Commentary | 9/29/2020 |
Post a comment Enabling engineers to share responsibility for security and empowering them to erase common vulnerabilities are good starting points .
Safeguarding Schools Against RDP - Based Ransomware Commentary | 9/28/2020 | 2 comments
How getting online learning right today will protect schools , and the communities they serve , for years to come .
WannaCry Has IoT in Its Crosshairs Commentary | 9/25/2020 |
Post a comment
The wide variety of devices attached to the Internet of Things offers a rich target for purveyors of ransomware .
Solving the Problem With Security Standards Commentary | 9/24/2020 |
Post a comment
More explicit threat models can make security better and open the door to real and needed innovation .
My Journey Toward SAP Security Commentary | 9/23/2020 |
Post a comment
When applications are critical to the business 's core functions , the CISO and their staff better get the security right .
7 Non-Technical Skills Threat Analysts Should Master to Keep Their Jobs Commentary | 9/23/2020 |
Post a comment
It 's not just technical expertise and certifications that enable analysts to build long - term careers in cybersecurity .
New Google Search Hacks Push Viruses & Porn Commentary | 9/22/2020 |
Post a comment
Three incidents demonstrate how cybercriminals leverage the scourge of black - hat search engine optimization to manipulate search results .
Permission Management & the Goldilocks Conundrum Commentary | 9/22/2020 |
Post a comment
In today 's COVID - 19 era , managing access has become even more difficult , especially for large organizations .
Here 's how to get it " just right . "
5 Steps to Greater Cyber Resiliency Commentary | 9/21/2020 |
Post a comment
Work from home is n't going away anytime soon , and the increased vulnerability means cyber resiliency will continue to be critical to business resiliency .
IDaaS : A New Era of Cloud Identity Commentary | 9/20/2020 |
Post a comment
As identity - as - a - service becomes the standard for enterprise identity management , upstarts and established competitors are competing to define the market 's future .
Participate in Omdia 's IDaaS research .
Mitigating Cyber - Risk While We 're ( Still ) Working from Home Commentary | 9/18/2020 | 1 comment
One click is all it takes for confidential information to land in the wrong hands .
The good news is that there are plenty of ways to teach preventative cybersecurity to remote workers .
Time for CEOs to Stop Enabling China 's Blatant IP Theft Commentary | 9/17/2020 |
Post a comment Protecting intellectual property in the name of US economic and national security should be part of every company 's fiduciary duty .
Struggling to Secure Remote IT ?
3 Lessons from the Office Commentary | 9/17/2020 |
Post a comment
The great remote work experiment has exacerbated existing challenges and exposed new gaps , but there are things to be learned from office challenges .
8 Reasons Perimeter Security Alone Wo n't Protect Your Crown Jewels Commentary | 9/16/2020 |
Post a comment
Most firewalls and security devices effectively protect systems and data , but are they enough to safeguard business - critical applications ?
Cybersecurity Bounces Back , but Talent Still Absent Commentary | 9/16/2020 | 2 comments
While the demand for cybersecurity talent rebounds , organizations will need to focus on cyber - enabled roles to fill immediate skills gaps .
Taking Security With You in the WFH Era : What to Do Next Commentary | 9/15/2020 |
Post a comment
As many organizations pivot to working from home , here are some considerations for prioritizing the new security protocols .
Encrypted Traffic Inference : An Alternative to Enterprise Network Traffic Decryption Commentary | 9/15/2020 |
Post a comment Finding threats in encrypted inbound network traffic is complex and expensive for enterprises , but a fascinating new approach could eliminate the need for decryption .
Simplify Your Privacy Approach to Overcome CCPA Challenges Commentary | 9/15/2020 |
Post a comment
By building a privacy - forward culture from the ground up and automating processes , organizations can simplify their approach to privacy and be prepared for any upcoming regulations .
Open Source Security 's Top Threat and What To Do About It Commentary | 9/14/2020 |
Post a comment
With open source developers regularly churning out new tools , the risk landscape has become too fragmented to properly monitor .
Fraud Prevention During the Pandemic Commentary | 9/11/2020 |
Post a comment
When the economy is disrupted , fraud goes up , so let 's not ignore the lessons we can learn from previous downturns .
Managed IT Providers : The Cyber - Threat Actors ' Gateway to SMBs Commentary | 9/10/2020 | 4 comments Criminals have made MSPs a big target of their attacks .
That should concern small and midsize businesses a great deal .
Ripple20 Malware Highlights Industrial Security Challenges Commentary | 9/10/2020 |
Post a comment
Poor security practices allowed software vulnerabilities to propagate throughout industrial and IoT products for more than 20 years .
7 Cybersecurity Priorities for Government Agencies & Political Campaigns Commentary | 9/9/2020 |
Post a comment
As election season ramps up , organizations engaged in the process must strengthen security to prevent chaos and disorder from carrying the day .
Here 's how .
Top 5 Identity - Centric Security Imperatives for Newly Minted Remote Workers Commentary | 9/9/2020 |
Post a comment
In the wake of COVID - 19 , today 's remote workforce is here to stay , at least for the foreseeable future .
And with it , an increase in identity - related security incidents .
VPNs : The Cyber Elephant in the Room Commentary | 9/8/2020 | 2 comments
While virtual private networks once boosted security , their current design does n't fulfill the evolving requirements of today 's modern enterprise .
8 Frequently Asked Questions on Organizations ' Data Protection Programs Commentary | 9/8/2020 |
Post a comment Adherence to data protection regulations requires a multidisciplinary approach that has the commitment of all employees .
Expect to be asked questions like these .
The Hidden Security Risks of Business Applications Commentary | 9/4/2020 |
Post a comment Today 's enterprises depend on mission - critical applications to keep them productive , help better serve customers , and keep up with demand .
It 's important that they also know the risks .
Fake Data and Fake Information : A Treasure Trove for Defenders Commentary | 9/3/2020 |
Post a comment Cybersecurity professionals are using false data to deceive cybercriminals , enabling them to protect networks in new and innovative ways .
5 Ways for Cybersecurity Teams to Work Smarter , Not Harder Commentary | 9/3/2020 | 1 comment Burnout is real and pervasive , but some common sense tools and techniques can help mitigate all that .
Do n't Forget Cybersecurity on Your Back - to - School List Commentary | 9/2/2020 | 1 comment School systems do n't seem like attractive targets , but they house lots of sensitive data , such as contact information , grades , health records , and more .
Why Kubernetes Clusters Are Intrinsically Insecure ( & What to Do About Them ) Commentary | 9/2/2020 | Post a comment
By following best practices and prioritizing critical issues , you can reduce the chances of a security breach and constrain the blast radius of an attempted attack .
Here 's how .
ISO 27701 Paves the Way for a Strategic Approach to Privacy Commentary | 9/1/2020 |
Post a comment
As the first certifiable international privacy management standard , ISO 27701 is a welcome addition to the existing set of common security frameworks .
Why Are There Still So Many Windows 7 Devices ?
Commentary | 9/1/2020 | 6 comments
As the FBI warns , devices become more vulnerable to exploitation as time passes , due to a lack of security updates and new , emerging vulnerabilities .
From Defense to Offense : Giving CISOs
Their Due Commentary | 8/31/2020 | 5 comments
In today 's unparalleled era of disruption , forward - thinking CISOs can become key to company transformation -- but this means resetting relationships with the board and C - suite .
Redefining What CISO Success Looks Like Commentary | 8/28/2020 |
Post a comment Key to this new definition is the principle that security programs are designed to minimize business risk , not to achieve 100 % no -risk .
The Inside Threat from Psychological Manipulators Commentary | 8/27/2020 | 2 comments
How internal manipulators can actually degrade your organization 's cyber defense , and how to defend against them .
How CISOs Can Play a New Role in Defining the Future of Work Commentary | 8/27/2020 | 1 comment
Rather than just reacting to security issues in the COVID - 19 era , CISOs are now in a position to be change agents alongside their C - suite peers .
The ' Shared Responsibility ' Misnomer : Why the Cloud Continues to Confound Commentary | 8/26/2020 |
Post a comment
Under the " shared responsibility model , " the security management of cloud offerings is split equally between the vendor and the customer .
Easy enough , right ?
Deep Fake : Setting the Stage for Next - Gen Social Engineering Commentary | 8/26/2020 | 2 comments
Humans are susceptible to normalcy bias , which may leave us vulnerable to disinformation that reinforces our beliefs .
Three Easy Ways to Avoid Meow - like Database Attacks Commentary | 8/25/2020 |
Post a comment
The largest problem facing database security today is the disconnect between security teams and DBAs beginning from the moment of configuration and continuing throughout the database lifecycle .
The Fatal Flaw in Data Security Commentary | 8/25/2020 |
Post a comment Simply stated :
No matter how sophisticated your security software is , data cannot be simultaneously used and secured .
But that may be changing soon .
Dark Reading Launches New Section on Physical Security Commentary | 8/24/2020 |
Post a comment Partnership with IFSEC enables Dark Reading to cover new areas of security and expand its audience .
Post - Pandemic Digitalization : Building a Human- Centric Cybersecurity Strategy Commentary | 8/21/2020 |
Post a comment COVID - 19 wo n't be the last major disruption of its kind .
Instead , it is a glimpse into what may be to come as digitalization continues to affect all aspects of our lives .
Twitter Hack : The Spotlight that Insider Threats Need Commentary | 8/20/2020 | 2 comments
The high profile attack should spur serious board - level conversations around the importance of insider threat prevention .
Monogamy works well for some but not others .
Social status , religion , race , sexual orientation , and political philosophy do n’t matter .
Honesty , openness , love , commitment , communication , patience , and egalitarianism do .
Here I pass along what I ’ve learned and teach at events on common challenges polyamorists encounter and their practical remedies , along with thoughts on related subjects such as community organizing , activism , and sexual freedom .
Feel free to comment – and welcome !
Apple Inc. last summer brought out a promising new service called MobileMe designed to synchronize email , contacts and calendars among any combination of its own Macintosh computers and rival Windows PCs , plus Apple ’s iPhones and iPod Touch devices .
It also offered online email , contacts and calendar , online photo galleries , syncing of Web bookmarks and 20 gigabytes of online storage .
The main idea was to replicate for consumers the kind of seamless , over - the - air email , plus contact and calendar updating , available to corporate users via systems like Microsoft ’s ( MSFT ) Exchange .
The only problem was that MobileMe , which costs $ 99 a year after a 60 - day free trial , and is available at MobileMe.com , was so buggy and ragged that I could n’t recommend it .
Apple ( AAPL ) pledged it would fix MobileMe .
So , I have just spent a few weeks testing it again on multiple Windows and Mac computers , and an iPhone .
This time , my verdict is different .
Apple has fixed all of the speed and reliability issues I encountered last year .
In my new tests , MobileMe ’s email was prompt and reliable .
I was able to add , delete or edit a contact or calendar entry on one device , and see these changes almost immediately on all the others , and on the MobileMe Web site .
The Web - based photo gallery , which can also house videos , worked fine on both Windows and Mac , and I was able to upload photos to it from my iPhone .
The file storage also worked well , and now has a feature that allows you to share files too large to email .
And each MobileMe account works with an unlimited number of computers , iPhones and Touches .
But there is one major caveat .
While MobileMe works with Windows , it works better with Macs .
The main reason for this is that , as I noted last year , its synced calendars and contacts show up in an odd manner in Microsoft Outlook , the most popular calendar and contact program in Windows .
Apple acknowledges the Outlook problems , which show up only in a mixed environment of Macs and Windows PCs , and pledges they will be fixed by the fall .
The company says that if you are using MobileMe solely on Windows PCs , with or without an iPhone , the Outlook problem should n’t appear in most cases .
Apple ’s MobileMe Apple ’s MobileMe
There are other drawbacks for Windows users .
While the Web version of MobileMe works fine on Windows in the Firefox Web browser , or with the Windows version of Apple ’s Safari browser , Apple warns that it might not work properly in Microsoft ’s Internet Explorer 7 .
The site worked well in the new Internet Explorer 8 .
In both versions of IE , my tests showed that another MobileMe feature , bookmark syncing , did n’t work as advertised .
Some bookmarks did n’t appear at all ; others were listed alphabetically instead of in their original order .
Apple is promising to fix this problem as well .
Some features are available only on Macs .
For example , you can upload photos and videos to your MobileMe galleries directly from Apple ’s iPhoto and iMovie programs .
On Windows , you have to upload these using the MobileMe Web site .
The Outlook problem works this way .
If you have a mixed group of Macs and PCs , and your Mac ’s calendar is n’t named Calendar , its information wo n’t sync with the main calendar in Outlook .
It will appear as a separate calendar that requires extra steps to make visible .
Worse , if your Mac or iPhone address book contains subgroups of contacts , these appear as separate address books , which require extra steps to make visible and may not properly sync up the same names as the Mac contact groups .
However , MobileMe now finally does a fast , reliable job of syncing calendar and contact items .
In my tests , I was repeatedly successful in doing this in a variety of scenarios .
I added a new phone number to a contact on my iPhone and , a minute or two later , it was added to that contact in Outlook , in the Mac ’s Address Book program and in the Web - based MobileMe address book .
I then changed the contact again in Outlook , and again in the Web - based address book , and the changes appeared everywhere else .
The same process worked with calendar items .
None of this required cables ( though , for Windows computers , you must first download and install a MobileMe control panel that runs in the background ) .
The only glitch I ran into , which Apple is promising to fix , is that when I switched my iPhone to sync with MobileMe , it wiped out all the custom ringtones I had assigned to particular contacts .
Apple ’s $ 99 price may seem high , given that you can get some features for much less , even free .
And MobileMe lacks some obvious features , like online backup or automatic syncing of all files .
Also , there ’s no way to create limited access to allow an assistant or family member to use just your MobileMe online calendar .
But MobileMe finally does give consumers the main email , contact and calendar convenience corporate users rely upon daily .
Find all of Walt Mossberg ’s columns and videos online , free , at the All Things Digital Web site , walt.allthingsd.com .
Email him at mossberg@wsj.com .
A voluntary effort by the U.S. food service industry to reduce salt in processed foods could have far - reaching implications for the health of the U.S. population , preventing strokes and heart attacks in nearly a million Americans and saving $ 32.1 billion in medical costs , according to a new study by researchers at the Stanford University School of Medicine and the Veterans Affairs Palo Alto Health Care System .
In the study , the researchers developed a computerized model that simulates the effects of reduced sodium intake on a large population of people between the ages of 40 and 85 .
Based on a similar , salt - reduction campaign in the United Kingdom , the researchers estimated that a collaborative industry effort could lead to a 9.5 percent decline in Americans ' salt intake .
That , in turn , would lead to a very modest decline in blood pressure among American consumers , minimizing a major risk factor for cardiovascular problems .
" In our analysis , we found these small decreases in blood pressure would be effective in reducing deaths due to cardiovascular disease , " said Crystal Smith - Spangler , MD , a postdoctoral scholar at the VA and first author of the study .
" The numbers of affected people are huge , so even a small decrease is significant if you have large numbers of people involved . "
By the researchers ' calculations , some 513,885 Americans would be spared from potentially fatal strokes in their lifetimes , and another 480,358 would not suffer heart attacks as a result of the reduced salt campaign .
The findings will be published in the March 2 Annals of Internal Medicine .
The study comes at a time when there is much interest , both in the United States and abroad , in regulating salt content in foods as a way to lower blood pressure and thereby improve health outcomes .
High blood pressure remains an enormous public health problem in the United States , with some 73 million Americans -- or one in three adults -- believed to suffer from the condition , which accounted for $ 73.4 billion in health - care costs in 2009 , according to a recent report from the Institute of Medicine .
advertisement
Many clinical studies have shown that limiting people 's salt consumption reduces blood pressure , Smith - Spangler noted .
Most Americans consume far more salt than recommended , with as many as 75 percent indulging in more than the suggested maximum of 2.3 grams a day , Thomas Frieden , MD , MPH , director of the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , noted in an editorial accompanying the study .
" After tobacco control , the most cost - effective intervention to control chronic diseases ( such as cardiovascular disease ) might be reduction of sodium intake , " Frieden wrote .
He noted that the United Kingdom began working with manufacturers in 2003 to decrease salt content in foods , resulting in a 20 to 30 percent decline in salt found in processed foods sold in stores .
Japan , Finland , Ireland , Australia and Canada have recently launched similar initiatives , he said .
In January , New York City introduced a wide - ranging health initiative to encourage food manufacturers and restaurant chains to curtail their salt use by 25 percent over the next five years .
The Institute of Medicine also has called on the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , as well as state and local governments , to develop new strategies for reducing dietary sodium .
Smith - Spangler , who is also a postdoctoral scholar at Stanford 's Center for Health Policy , said the Stanford researchers were inspired by the U.K. experience to investigate whether a similar campaign in the United States could be cost - effective and worthwhile .
advertisement
" Based on our data , it looks like it could be worth doing because it's very cheap and because cardiovascular disease is such a huge problem and hypertension is such a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease , " she said .
" Even small reductions in risk can have worthwhile benefits for the population . "
In the study , the researchers relied on data from a variety of sources , including the Framingham Heart Study and the 2006 Medical Panel Expenditure Survey , to develop a hypothetical model of health benefits and costs of two different methods to reduce salt intake on a large scale .
One was a voluntary industry program , while the other was a government excise tax on salty foods .
The industry collaboration , they found , would cut salt intake by 9.5 percent , enough to reduce blood pressure by a modest 1.25 millimeters of mercury ( mmHg ) in the age group studied .
This reduction would extend the lives of Americans by a collective 1.3 million years over the lifetime of the group studied , the researchers estimate .
It would also save $ 32.1 billion , including $ 14 billion in hospitalizations for stroke and heart attack .
The researchers estimated that the sodium tax would have less impact , leading to a 6 percent decrease in salt intake and a 0.93 mmHg reduction in blood pressure .
That would result in 327,892 fewer strokes and 306,173 fewer heart attacks , they calculated .
But the feasibility of this option seems less realistic , Smith - Spangler said .
She said the researchers did consider some of the unintended consequences of a reduced salt campaign .
Manufacturers use salt to make their products appealing to consumers ; with less salt , consumers might turn to fat instead to improve taste , thus wiping out potential benefits , she noted .
These and other possible health impacts of the campaign would have to be carefully monitored , she said .
Her colleagues in the study are Jessie Jussola , MS , in Stanford 's Department of Management Science and Engineering , and Eva A Enns , MS , in the Department of Electrical Engineering ; and Douglas Owens , MD , MS , and Alan Garber , MD , PhD , at the VA - Palo Alto and the Center for Health Policy .
Smith - Spangler was supported by a VA Special Fellowship in Health Services Research .
Additional support came from the Stanford University Management Science and Engineering Advisory Board Fellowship Fund , the National Defense Science and Engineering Graduate Fellowship , the National Science Foundation Graduate Fellowship and the Department of Veterans Affairs .
President Donald Trump 's niece Mary not only spent her life around the president and his family , but she also has the benefit of being a psychologist who could legitimately assess the life and mental health of her uncle .
Speaking to MSNBC 's Lawrence O'Donnell , she explained that in one particular moment in the Tuesday evening debate , Trump seemed triggered by former Vice President Joe Biden 's use of the phrase " not smart " in reference to a policy .
Trump went off .
" Did you use the word ' smart ? ' "
Trump asked after Biden insulted Trump 's coronavirus plan as not being " smart . "
" So you said you went to Delaware State but you forgot the name of your college , " Trump continued , falsely claiming something Biden never said .
" You did n't go to Delaware state .
You graduated either the lowest or almost the lowest in your class .
Do n't ever use the word ' smart ' with me .
Do n't ever use that word . "
We know LEGO is a very versatile medium to build with but this is beyond what we considered possible .
Seven speeds and a reverse gear were built into the gearbox for this LEGO vehicle .
It ’s not completely an original design , but adds to the five - speed design found in a ten - year - old LEGO set .
See it demonstrated in the video after the break .
The design uses a sequential gearbox ; shifting is accomplished by clicking the stick up or down depending on how you want to shift .
If you ’ve got enough parts on hand you can build this using the assembly photos that [ Sheepo ] posted .
Ca n’t get enough of the gears ?
Check out this model of a double clutch transmission .
[ Thanks James ]
Let 's say you have a time machine , and only one day to decide where to go in the past ... where do you go , and more importantly , who do you screw with ?
We asked you to show us the creative and dickish ways you 'd use your knowledge of history to bust it 's balls .
The winner is below , but first the runners up ...
Advertisement
27 Entry by thebluesader
You can help in so many different ways , as you may or may not know , Kodi is maintained completely by volunteers and we need and value any contributions to the project .
If you can code , we are always on the lookout for new team members to assist with development .
If you are good with your words then you can help others in the forum , with QA or translations .
If you are time poor but still want to give back , then you can donate or purchase some great Kodi merch .
Visit our contribute page for all the other ways you can help .
Other ways to help
( Natural News )
For decades , hormone replacement therapy ( HRT ) was pushed by the medical establishment as a kind of youth elixir that offered all sorts of remarkable benefits .
Take the hormones Big Pharma concocts from pregnant horses ' urine and chemicals and middle - aged and older women would supposedly have better sex lives , fewer wrinkles , protection from heart attacks and no more hot flashes .
Only , it was all a huge myth .
In fact , as the years passed and rates of breast cancer soared in women who took HRT , the truth began to be revealed .
HRT did n't protect health at all .
In fact , it caused breast and ovarian cancer ( https://www.naturalnews.com/027617_HRT_drugs_... ) , upped heart attack risk and was even linked to brain shrinkage ( https://www.naturalnews.com/025371_women_brai... ) .
Now it turns out there 's yet another danger from HRT .
New research headed by Birgitta E. Lindblad , MD , of Sundsvall Hospital in Sweden and just published in , the journal of the American Academy of Ophthalmology , provides evidence that taking HRT causes cataracts .
This is no minor potential side effect , either , because vision problems can be devastating .
The eye's lens becomes cloudy and stiff when a cataract develops , sometimes making it difficult to read , drive or even see facial expressions clearly .
The eight year prospective study of over 30,000 postmenopausal women compared the cataract status of women who had taken HRT to those who had not used the hormones .
The results ?
Those who drank and also took hormone replacement therapy appeared to be at an even greater risk of serious cataracts .
"
If future studies confirm the associations we found , increased risk for cataract removal should be added to the list of potential negative HRT outcomes , " Dr. Lindblad said in a statement to the media .
The research team documented that 4,300 cataract removal surgeries were performed in research study participants between 1997 and 2005 .
In women who had ever taken HRT , the risk for cataract removal was increased by 14 percent .
For current HRT users , the increase in risk soared even higher to 18 percent when compared with women who never used HRT .
What 's more , the longer a woman took HRT , the more the risk for cataracts increased .
Dr. Lindblad explained in the press statement that estrogen receptors have been detected in the eye 's lens and naturally occurring estrogen made inside the body may protect eyes from cataracts .
But the estrogens like those used in HRT do n't function in the body the same way .
Instead , the typically prescribed forms of HRT increase levels of C - reactive protein -- and previous studies have associated C- reactive protein with cataract development .
Fortunately , there are ways to help prevent cataracts .
In addition to avoiding HRT , regular vigorous exercise has been shown to protect against cataracts ( https://www.naturalnews.com/025755_health_cat... ) .
Astaxanthin , a nutrient derived from microalgae and also found in wild salmon , has also been found to benefit eye health and help prevent cataracts ( https://www.naturalnews.com/026325_astaxanthi... ) .
And when you finally make the connection between their creator , a 40 - year - old artist with a Princeton degree in art history , and his uncle Ralph , every piece in the room takes on a very different meaning .
The display filling the room might merit mention on its own as a kind of commentary on masculine archetypes , but it becomes a whole different creature when you start to realize that every single piece -- the down puffer vest and work boots , the stacks of neatly folded shirts and even the cylindrical buttons of the three - quarter - length toggle coat -- is a hand - sewn and painstakingly painted paper sculpture .
Greg Lauren ’s journal entries have taken up residence in an empty storefront on Beverly Boulevard in West Hollywood .
A Glen plaid suit jacket and matching vest worthy of Cary Grant -- but for the deep wrinkles -- stands in one corner , behind it the well - worn ringside robe of a prizefighter , hood bowed ever so slightly in weary defeat .
Nearby are scuffed flight jackets , badge - covered Cub Scout shirts and the S- emblazoned torso of a Superman costume .
They stand like gravestone rubbings or metal castings of the original garments , rendered in black , white , graphite gray and sepia shades .
“ Growing up , a lot of the pictures in my family -- even the casual ones -- all had a tendency to look a little bit like ad campaigns , ” Greg Lauren said on Monday afternoon .
“ So I wanted to find the cracks in that façade . ”
Yet there ’s certainly a lot more wrapped up in the 40 - some pieces of crumpled , smoothed and painted paper apparel that make up the exhibit than the fact that Greg is Ralph Lauren ’s nephew ( his father , Jerry , is executive vice president of men ’s design at Polo Ralph Lauren ) .
There 's the artist ’s acting work ( among his list of credits is a five - episode arc on “ The Young and the Restless ” daytime drama and bit parts in two “ Batman ” movies ) , his work as a comic - book cover artist ( “ I ’m a DC man , ” he says with chest - swelling pride ) and his six - year marriage to actress Elizabeth Berkley .
But , he says , that ’s definitely where it starts .
“ This is connected , yes , but it ’s about exploring my own relationship to clothing , ” Lauren said during a preview of the exhibit , which runs April 28 to May 23 .
“ When people do make the association [ with Ralph Lauren ] , what they do n’t understand is that the world in those ads is this imaginary , aspirational place that we grew up with as kids -- a place where movie stars , athletes , superheroes and high - society types mingled and hung out together .
And you could be a part of it , if you wore the right things . ”
Lauren , who has called L.A. home for the last decade and a half , was born and raised in New York City , where he staged a version of this show ( called “ Alteration ” ) in September 2009 .
For this exhibition , he ’s added a few things -- including an installation of 10 white paper suits , against which a reedited film loop of Cary Grant in “ To Catch a Thief ” will be projected , and added some pieces to the handful of ( wearable ) one - of - a - kind jackets and T - shirts he ’s begun to dabble in .
But the stars of this show , like the New York one that preceded it , are the series of iconic sculptured silhouettes that fill the front of the makeshift gallery , creations Lauren felt compelled to create after having grown up “ learning how to dress like Cary Grant , JFK and Gary Cooper but feeling inside like I was Oliver Twist . ”
He points out that although there are a handful of other pieces on display -- including a shopping cart full of paper sleeves , one wall filled with myriad shirt collars and another with disembodied pockets and neatly folded pocket squares -- the heavy focus is on the men ’s jacket .
“ It ’s the piece men put on every morning to face the world , ” he explained .
“ Men are like ‘ Which character in a movie do I want to be today ?
The rugged , blue - collar guy ?
The military hero ? ' …
It ’s very easy to dress the part and play a role by stepping into these suits , like it ’s an exterior representation , a kind of armor . ”
Of course , it ’s not lost on anyone , least of all Lauren , that the armor represented here is paper thin and so fragile it could n’t survive even a single wearing , even though the level of craftsmanship is so good the sculptures easily could be mistaken for the real thing .
It ’s Lauren ’s painstaking detail in executing every last detail of the pieces that make them wondrous to stare at up close .
He explained that the each work in the exhibit was based on an actual vintage garment , using pieces cut by his pattern maker ( costume designer Marilyn Madsen ) .
He completed each piece himself , most of them using a sewing machine given to him by his mother before she died a year and a half ago ( he ’s been working on the pieces in the exhibit since 2008 ) .
Be assured that each piece has a story ( or is that diary entry ? ) behind it , and if you ’re lucky enough to be within earshot as the artist unravels it -- though you need n’t be to enjoy it , by any means -- the room starts to feel a whole lot less like an art exhibit and more like a collection of three - dimensional pencil drawings that have slipped the constraints of the journal page and sprung to life .
( The entire room , taken together , creates a battlefield tableaux that might feel a tiny bit familiar to anyone mesmerized by the castle full of uninhabited uniforms that come to life to do battle toward the end of the 1971 Disney flick “ Bedknobs and Broomsticks ” )
So what about the trio of kid-size short - sleeve Cub Scout shirts , with the outline of each diamond - and rectangular - shaped embroidered badge re-created on the surface ?
“ I wore faded , vintage Cub Scout shirts , so did my siblings and cousins , ” Lauren explained .
“ I knew the more patches the better , and I wore them with pride like I ’d earned them .
But I was never a Cub Scout ; I was never asked if I wanted to be a Cub Scout . ”
The flight jacket with military - style badges that , upon closer examination , turns out to be images from a Superman comic ?
“ I ca n’t think of a more iconic jacket in men ’s fashion , in movies or in the military because it ’s an instant shortcut to heroism , even when you strip it of its Army - green color and change the insignias .
And the comic - book patches refer to the notion of heroes as well . ”
It ’s clear that Lauren ’s thought a lot about his relationship to superheroes , both real and imaginary , especially when asked to identify his favorite piece in the exhibit .
“ Superman , ” he says without hesitation , pointing to the familiar S - shield shirt and cape - draped shoulders , the Man of Steel ’s wrinkled business suit in steely gray .
“ I based it on a old thermal shirt or varsity sweatshirt , ” Lauren explained .
“ It ’s like it ’s his public persona – his shell – that ’s just waiting to go to the cleaner 's . ”
“ For me , Superman is the perfect example .
We all play roles in our lives , in our families , in the circles of people we know .
When you take away the bright colors , you have to think : Who is Superman when he ’s not heroic ? ”
" Greg Lauren ’s Alteration , " April 28 to May 23 , 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. and by appointment ( contact alteration.la@gmail.com for appointments ) at 8933 Beverly Blvd. , West Hollywood .
-- Adam Tschorn
Follow All the Rage on Facebook and Twitter .
Photos : Greg Lauren has painstakingly crafted iconic menswear silhouettes from special Japanese paper , including ( from left ) a plaid woodsman 's jacket , Superman costume and a Marine Corps jacket .
Credit : Greg Lauren
New York ( CNN ) --
As the story goes , God spent six days creating the world and then rested on the seventh day .
He told the Jewish people to always rest on the seventh day of each week , which was to become known as the Sabbath for them for eternity .
This was before Facebook , Twitter , BlackBerries and iPhones , of course .
Adam and Eve did n't have friends who would get upset if texts were n't returned promptly , parents who wanted to know where their children were all the time or bosses who had complete access to their employees via work - issued devices .
There is no excuse good enough to ignore the boss , even on a weekend .
But one group is trying to take back the Sabbath : Reboot -- a nonprofit organization aimed at reinventing the traditions and rituals of Judaism for today 's secular Jews .
Composed of Internet entrepreneurs , creators of award - winning television shows , community organizers and nonprofit leaders , these " Rebooters " are people who typically have their cell phones glued to their palms .
Several of them go so far as to say they have an addiction to their devices .
They pledged to observe 24 hours of freedom from their devices this past weekend : a National Day of Unplugging , lasting from sundown Friday to sundown Saturday , the Jewish Sabbath .
The day was to launch Reboot 's ongoing project , the Sabbath Manifesto .
Dan Rollman , a Rebooter and founder of the Universal World Record Database Web site , created the Sabbath Manifesto because he felt that technology was taking over too much of his life .
" There 's clearly a social problem when we 're interacting more with digital interfaces than our fellow human beings , " Rollman said in an e-mail to CNN .
" Rich , engaging conversations are harder to come by than they were a few years ago .
Our attention spans are silently evaporating . "
The Sabbath Manifesto consists of 10 principles .
However , people are encouraged to discuss online which principles work and which should be tweaked .
As they stand now , the guiding principles are :
1. Avoid technology .
2. Connect with loved ones .
3. Nurture your health .
4 . Get outside .
5. Avoid commerce .
6. Light candles .
7. Drink wine .
8. Eat bread .
9 . Find silence .
10 . Give back .
The National Day of Unplugging specifically promotes the first principle .
Even though Reboot is technically focused on reaching out to hyper - connected Jews , the values behind the Sabbath Manifesto are meant for all denominations , Rollman said .
" We believe that everyone can benefit from a respite from the relentless technology .
Unplugging on a weekly basis wo n't provide a magical solution to these issues , but it 's a start ... a chance to catch our breaths , replenish our souls and reconnect with the living , breathing people we love . "
It may sound like a nice idea , but how realistic is the concept ?
Can people live without their beloved technology for 24 hours ?
" No , " said Chris Maroudis , 22 , without missing a beat .
" The problem is , I live in Jersey and work here [ Manhattan ] .
I have to contact my friends in Jersey to make plans .
I 'm not just going to go all the way there and then they 're not home . "
Some people are able to remember a simpler time before cell phones .
" This is new for me , " said 26 - year - old Amanda Norman , laughing and waving her BlackBerry .
" I remember even before cell phones , when you had to make plans with someone beforehand and meet them there .
If you were late , you were late . "
Walking around Manhattan , though , it is hard to find people without a phone of any kind in their grasp .
As Nano Paulino , 27 , pointed out , everyone in the city is working .
The bosses need to stay in touch with you .
Asked if he would answer a call from his boss at 10 at night , he said no .
Why not ?
" I 'm sleeping ! "
His friend , Arnold Diaz , 30 , would also have a hard time without his phone , but for a slightly different reason .
" Definitely not on a Friday night .
We have to make plans .
Maybe on a Monday or Tuesday , " he paused .
" Not Monday , because if you meet a girl over the weekend , you want to call her on Monday .
So maybe Tuesday or Wednesday . "
There is one piece of irony to the whole thing .
Lisa Keller , 42 , said she can easily go a day without using her phone .
Asked if her friends and family would get frustrated by not being able to call or e-mail her , she laughed .
" I would first put up a Facebook status to say I 'll be off my phone and computer for 24 hours . "
Reboot also recognizes the irony that it has been promoting the National Day of Unplugging largely using social - networking sites .
However , the group was asking people not to log on to their sites in the 24 - hour window starting Friday evening at sundown .
PHILADELPHIA —
A real brouhaha has beer lovers in the City of Brotherly love frothing over with anger .
State regulators say it's a simple matter of making sure bars and beer manufacturers are n't scamming the system .
But bar owners say hard - to - spell beer names and typographical errors show how archaic Pennsylvania 's Prohibition - era liquor laws really are .
It all came to a head after an anonymous complaint that a Philadelphia bar was selling beer that had not been properly licensed with the Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board , an agency created in 1933 to regulate the sale of alcohol .
That tip led to raids last week at three upscale bars , where police confiscated three quarter - kegs and 317 bottles of beer that were not believed to have been properly registered with the state .
Raids at Memphis Taproom in Philadelphia 's Kensington section , Local 44 in west Philadelphia and Resurrection Ale House downtown caught the couple who run them by surprise .
" I feel like there are a lot of typographical errors that caused this , " said Leigh Maida , who received calls from staff around midday March 4 .
" The laws were really developed before there were so many kinds of beers . "
Under Pennsylvania liquor law , manufacturers of malt or brewed beverages must pay a $ 75 annual fee to register each brand .
About 2,800 beers are now registered in the state ; manufacturers submit applications to the liquor board , showing the agreement they have with the wholesaler .
In the recent raids , a tipster contacted the state , said Sgt. William La Torre , commanding officer of the Philadelphia office of the Bureau of Liquor Control Enforcement , which enforces the liquor laws .
Statewide , police say there are typically fewer than 10 complaints a year about unregistered beer .
Maida and her husband , Brendan Hartranft , do n't know who filed the complaint .
They believe the problem largely results from archaic liquor laws and misunderstandings about formidable beer names that often get abbreviated .
The liquor code , they say , is no match for beers with names like Dogfish Head Raison d'etre and a dark ale called 't smisje BBBorgoundier .
The rigid code also is n't able to account for when they abbreviate Allagash White Beer to " Allagash Wit " on their menus .
At one bar , Maida had a beer listed as " de dolle Oebier gran reserva ; " the beer itself was " de dolle oerbier , " but the police had it spelled as " de rolle oebier , " she said .
Pennsylvania has some of the strictest liquor laws in the country , funneling the sale of wine and spirits through state - run liquor stores and regulating the sale of beer mostly through the state 's approximately 1,100 licensed distributorships .
Distributors can only sell kegs and cases of beer ; bars , restaurants and delis , which must apply for liquor licenses from the state Liquor Control Board , can sell six - packs .
In recent years , a small number of grocery stores and markets also have gotten licenses to sell beer .
Maj .
John Lutz , director of the Bureau of Liquor Control Enforcement , said police are working with the board to try to figure out which of the recently seized beers are registered .
So far , 72 of the 317 bottles seized were being returned after police determined they were registered , Lutz said .
No charges have been filed in the ongoing investigation .
" We 're trying to sort out the whole labeling issue , " Lutz said .
" Anything that was just a spelling mistake , hopefully we 've caught . "
As part of their follow - up to last week 's raids , police seized about 12 cases of beer from a distributor in northeastern Philadelphia , he said .
But with the growing number of breweries nationwide , enforcement of the state 's liquor laws has become more challenging .
" When it comes to the registration of the beer , the burden is really on the manufacturer to register the beer , " Lutz said .
" With the number of microbreweries that have sprung up around the country , it has become very difficult . "
Liquor code violations are heard by administrative law judges .
The Liquor Control Board , for its part , said it 's simply a matter of following the laws passed by the Legislature .
Nevertheless , the hubbub has many in the city 's beer community crying foul .
Keith Wallace , owner of the Philly Beer School , which offers classes on beer , said the raids show how unrealistic the archaic system is .
The Liquor Control Board can too easily be used as a weapon by people who have a gripe with a bar or restaurant , he said .
" It 's impossible not to be in violation of PLCB laws some way because they are so onerous , " he said .
" Nobody follows the law 100 percent . "
Are you asking yourself , “ Why should I shave my balls ? ”
A majority of ladies prefer men who take care of their bodies .
And 3 out of 4 ladies surveyed like shaved balls .
A cleanly shaved scrotum will get much more attention than one that looks like a kiwi .
You ’re looking for more ball play are n’t you ?
Yes You Are !
If you shave your balls and pubic area you entice your lover to give you that little extra attention !
Sweet Maria's is a supplier of green coffee and home coffee roasting machines , as well as a complete information source for your coffee roasting adventures !
Home roasting is easy !
It only takes 5 to 15 minutes and your reward is the freshest coffee around .
It requires no fancy equipment and green coffee from Sweet Maria 's is half the price of good roasted coffee from a retailer .
We have a huge selection of green coffees , each carefully cupped and rated for quality .
Six students at Stoneman Elementary School in Pittsburg have been suspended after a fifth - grade girl allegedly brought a pot-laced dessert to school Monday and shared it with her friends , Pittsburg Unified School District Superintendent Barbara Wilson said today .
During an afternoon recess at the school , located at 2929 Loveridge Road , two students told a yard supervisor that several kids were eating a small chunk of a baked treat made with Fruity Pebbles that contained marijuana , officials said .
The supervisor alerted the principal , who called police and paramedics .
School officials identified six children who had tried the treat , including the girl who brought it to school , Wilson said .
All knew that it was laced with marijuana , she said .
Pittsburg police Lt. Brian Addington said the portion of the treat the girl had brought was about the size of a marble and the children had been picking off tiny bits of it to try .
Paramedics examined the children and determined that they were fine .
None of them showed any signs of being under the influence of drugs and they were released to their parents , Addington said .
The children had not eaten the entire treat and the remaining piece of it was sent to the county crime lab for testing , Wilson said .
Addington said results from the crime lab confirmed today that there was marijuana in the treat , but no other controlled substances .
Wilson said she heard that the girl who brought the treat said she stole it from her sister , who has a medical marijuana card and got it from a medical marijuana club .
Addington said police have not yet confirmed whether the sister obtained the treat legally , but said it does n’t appear that she was negligent .
She had the treat hidden in her purse and it accidentally fell out , he said .
He said he does n’t expect any criminal charges to be filed against her .
Police are leaving it up to the school to discipline the students involved , Addington said .
Wilson said the children who tried the treat have been suspended for one day because they knew about an unsafe situation and did n’t tell authorities .
The girl who brought the treat to school will be suspended for a longer period of time and could face disciplinary action , Wilson said .
Addington said all the children involved were described as good students who appear to have made a poor choice that afternoon .
Over at Reuters , Felix Salmon commented today on a post I wrote last week indicating that it appears to be a pretty good time to buy a home .
I specifically said that this would apply to anyone " in the market for a home as a long - term investment , say at least 10 - 15 years . "
He seems to find this statement sort of unclear , so let me clarify .
First , here 's some of what Salmon says :
It 's hard to know what to make of this .
Some people are looking to buy a home -- that 's understandable , given that everybody needs shelter .
And some people are looking to invest money with a long - term time horizon .
And some people even fall into both categories at once .
But that 's no reason to desperately try to conflate the two , and to describe yourself as being " in the market for a home as a long - term investment " .
He goes on to explain that homes are n't investments .
I sort of agree , depending on how you define investment .
If you 're looking to use capital in order to speculate on an investment to maximize return , then by all means do not buy a house now or ever .
If you 're looking for a pure investment , real estate is rarely going to provide the best return you can find .
But that does n't exactly mean that a house is n't a kind of investment .
In a more general sense , an investment is anything you purchase for which you can sell at a later time for more money .
I think in order for a home not to qualify -- at all -- as an investment , you 'd have to assume that it will not appreciate .
Despite what the past few years have taught us , history has shown us that homes do , in fact , appreciate in the long - run .
Even if something 's return is quite low , it still qualifies as an investment .
After all , a money market mutual fund an investment even though most are only yielding about 1.5 % .
Maybe Salmon would be more comfortable if we talked about economic tradeoffs instead of investments ?
Back when I was considering buying a place , I created a complex model to evaluate if it made economic sense to do so , given what I would pay renting .
In it , I imagined that I would invest the money I saved by renting in some alterative investment instead of the home .
The numbers never came out in favor of buying , given my situation .
So I never did .
Of course , investors and businesses perform similar analyses when determining which " investments " in securities or equipment to spend their cash on .
I do n't think Salmon and I really disagree about the heart of the matter when it comes to real estate .
It does n't make sense for everyone to buy , but sometimes it certainly does .
With interest rates at historic lows , it might make renting comparably less attractive than it used to be for some people , since they can get more house for a lower monthly payment .
But just to be clear , what I 'm not arguing in favor of is " speculation " in the real estate market .
That 's what drove my 10 - 15 year time horizon qualification -- I do n't know any housing speculators had time horizons that long .
In the short - term , real estate prices will likely have some volatility and poor liquidity .
But in the long - term , the housing market should again have its usual level of decent liquidity and low , but consistent , appreciation .
A longer time horizon will also allow sellers to wait until the economic cycle brings lower interest rates again to entice buyers , another concern that Salmon cites for buying now .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
A New Way Of Thinking
By Mike Kaulbars
“ Is the climate change movement splintering ? ” asks the Guardian headline .
Really it ’s just a rhetorical device for reporting on the soul searching that has been going on within the movement as to how to move forward after Copenhagen .
It is a much needed discussion given the disappointment of Copenhagen and the subsequent success of the right wing Denial machine .
Even if it were not so , the discussion of strategy within the environmental movement , indeed the entire social justice movement , is fraught with challenges that may well be unique to our age .
First there is the subtle difference between the question of whether “ they ” are succeeding , or whether it is “ we ” who are failing .
The two are not interchangeable in that two sides can both pursue effective strategies and yet only one will be the victor , at least at a given moment .
For the movement the question is whether we are trying to do the right things and failing , or are we not on the right track at all ?
Do we need to try harder ?
Do better ?
Or try a different tack entirely ?
It is a difficult question because so much of what the movement is able to do has been shaped by the same forces that have driven the entire social justice movement for several decades now .
As society has become more mobile groups have been plagued by transience of their volunteers and membership .
The tenure of both volunteers and staff has dropped from decades to years , to less than a year for most volunteers .
As a result groups lack both the leadership and experience which makes every kind of project that is long term and / or complex pretty much impossible .
Not surprisingly we have seen the movements ’ array of actions shrink to become little more than speaker nights and protests .
Compare that to the 198 types of action described by Sharpe in his Politics of Nonviolent Action .
If our tactics are limited , our strategy may be even more so .
Not only is there the limitations mentioned above , there is the lack of experience and knowledge about what the complexities and stages of political organizing even are .
How many activists are familiar with or have even heard of the Movement Action Plan ?
Not that there are not experienced people around , but in a diffuse grassroots movement you need broad experience across the board , not just pockets of wisdom here and there .
Granted the internet has given us the ability to potentially reach many more people , but the evidence is that the potential is not being realised .
For the most part the internet is a passive medium that depends on people to go to a particular website and act on what they find .
Those not already onside are unlikely to even go to these websites in the first place , and even many of those who may be counted among the “ converted ” do not do so either .
As a consequence the internet as proven to be a generally more effective at disseminating disinformation than information .
Because it works within existing networks it can strengthen and facilitate the actions of a healthy progressive movement , but not substitute for it , nor create it .
A less obvious consequence of public mobility is that people are not bonded to place .
It is one thing to stand up for the forest or neighbourhood you have known all of your life , but one is less motivated to do so for one you have only known for a few years .
Understandable , but nonetheless limiting in terms of the types of actions that a group can reasonably hope to undertake .
This phenomenon was predicted and discussed by Paul Virilio in his 1978 “ Popular Defense and Ecological Struggles ” .
What Virilio was seeing was a militarization of society in the emphasis on movement and speed .
Movement in that people are always on the move and interchangeable .
They do not bond to place or one another , but rather move between increasingly uniform jobs , neighbourhoods and social circles to which they feel no particular allegiance .
Speed in that the value is placed on doing everything faster , more efficiently .
Natural , human values are slow and take time .
Sex can be done quickly and efficiently , love cannot .
For Virilio the danger lay in that these values made society vulnerable to de facto dominance by the military industrial complex .
I would argue that the values themselves are the danger in that once society has embraced them , which we clearly have , there is an accelerating slide towards increasing disintegration of the natural and the human .
Not that this is inevitable any more than any of the ongoing destruction is , but it is the default outcome if we do not work to oppose it .
All of which is to say that when we say that we are “ discussing strategy ” we can be referring to two very different things .
The facile and most common practice is to talk about how we operate within the confines of the current narrative choosing from a very limited number of possible actions given our current situation .
In it ’s most simplistic form it is a discussion about whether to work within or outside “ the system . ”
While not without value this discussion cannot strike deeply enough to actually solve any of the problems we currently face .
It pretends to be a radical discussion , but it is not .
It is framed entirely within the language and ideas of the status quo even while claiming to seek it ’s demise .
As such it cannnot get us out of that system , but rather merely shift who plays what role within that system .
The second possibility is difficult even if we understand it , and for the most part we do not .
In seeking solutions we usually look for culprits in the forms of institutions and individuals , when they are entirely interchangeable and the real culprit is the entire value set and our way of understanding how we can and should live .
It is not enough to pick from the tactics and strategies that we know .
We need to educate ourselves about the possibilities that we have not even conceived and begin to build the structures and processes that will allow us to implement the broader range strategies and tactics that will get us where we want to go .
The former discussion may buy the time necessary for the latter , but without the latter we are not going to be able to deal with the core issues that brought us to this point in the first place .
Indeed , they will keep us on this path until we do deal with them .
To paraphrase Anshin Thomas , we cannot think our way to a new way of living , we must live our way to a new way of thinking .
Get the Recipe The Spotted Pig's Chargrilled Burger at Home
This week witnessed the serendipitous alignment of three events .
First , my shady real estate company decided that the building immediately adjacent to my deck has been sufficiently torn down to allow the dust to finally settle for a couple of days .
Second , temperatures reached a record high , allowing me to finally utilize the dusty deck .
And third , I had ground beef on the mind .
Ok , ok .
So the third is not quite an event per se — more like a constant state — but this week , I had a very particular form of ground beef on the mind .
It comes large , juicy , and grilled , topped with creamy , salty Roquefort cheese , sandwiched in a bun that straddles the line between Wonderbread and Briôche ( admittedly quite a thick line ) , and is served with a mound of crisp rosemary - garlic shoestrings and a two and a half hour wait .
Yes , I 'm talking about this beauty :
On paper , April Bloomfield 's burger at The Spotted Pig is the near antithesis of my ideal burger .
I like them griddled .
Hers is grilled .
I like mine small .
Hers is a whopping half pound .
I like my buns soft , squishy , and mass - produced .
She bakes her own .
I like American cheese .
She goes for stinky Roquefort .
Yet , as anyone who remembers my Burger Bender knows ( way back when I was still just plain Kenji Alt ) , it 's a burger that snuck up on me from out of nowhere , took me by surprise , and practically forced me to fall in love with it ( kind of like my wife , except most of the time , she 's not covered in blue cheese ) .
Despite the fantastic atmosphere at the Pig ( especially at the little window seats by the bar ) , there have been countless times that I wished I could get my hands on their burger without having to trek to the West Village and prepare myself for an entire evening of waiting .
So this week , I decided to put the Pig 's burger through the Burger Lab treatment , deconstructing it and analyzing it so that we can all enjoy its grandeur in our own backyards .
The Bun
The original bun is a four - inch wide , 2 - inch tall round of what at first appears to be glossy brioche , and is described as such by numerous sources .
But careful tasting and analysis reveals a slightly different verdict .
This bread is entirely too soft and giving to be brioche , lacks its characteristic sweetness , and much of its richness .
I find brioche to be too cottony for burgers .
This bun , however , is spot on .
To crack the formula , I made several batches of brioche buns , before finally arriving at a version in which I drastically reduced the amount of butter and milk ( instead replacing it with water ) , and used softer all - purpose flour in lieu of stronger , high - protein bread flour .
To achieve the ultra - gloss finish , I tried various iterations of egg washes — whites alone , yolks alone , whole eggs .
None of them worked until I struck on treating the buns much like I 'd treat a wall .
I applied an initial coating of wash just before it went in the oven , then followed it up with a second coat seven minutes later , after the first coat had fully dried .
The result ?
A perfectly smooth , lacquered and shiny crust .
The Meat
April Bloomfield herself has supposedly provided a recipe for the Spotted Pig 's burgers in the Telegraph , calling for two parts ground brisket , and one part each rump ( aka sirloin ) and chuck .
But something was awry .
This blend produced patties that were sorely lacking in richness , while the burgers at the real Pig are fatty umami-bombs .
Perhaps April was n't coming completely clean ?
Some more hard - core snooping was in order .
My normal protocol is to overwhelm the waitstaff with my natural charm — one of the few things with which I have been bountifully endowed .
But on this occasion , I knew for a fact that the recipe for the burger mix — which comes from master burger blender Pat LaFrieda — is locked behind tightly sealed lips .
In order to replicate the mix at home , I 'd have to get my hands on some of the raw burger meat .
Without it , it'd be nearly impossible to disentangle and analyze the flavors of the pure meat from the deep , charred , smoky flavors provided by the grill .
But how could I possibly get a raw Spotted Pig burger home ?
I sat there sipping my Old Speckled Hen , contemplating a number of courses of action — putting on chef 's whites and slipping into the kitchen .
Intercepting a delivery truck .
Perhaps calling in a favor from fellow burger - man Nick Solares , who 's tight with the boys over at LaFrieda .
Then a much more elegant solution revealed itself to me :
Me : " Could I order one more burger , this time to go ? "
Cute bartender : " Sure — how would you like that cooked ?
Me : " I 'd like it as rare as possible please . "
CB : " Like black and blue ? "
Me : " Yeah , except more so .
I 'm bringing it home to my wife , who happens to be Mia Farrow from Rosemary 's Baby . "
CB : " Gotcha .
Nice classic movie reference . "
Me : " Thanks .
I try to work at least one into every post . "
One subway ride later , I was safely at home with one nearly raw burger on my board , happily discovering that peeling a burger is very much like peeling a grapefruit , only mushier .
I soon had a core sample in hand for investigation .
With fresh , raw burger meat to work with , I fried up a few batches and tasted .
That 's it .
There 's got to be short rib in here — nothing else has the richness and sheer umami-factor .
An article in New York Magazine seemed to confirm this suspicion .
Pat LaFrieda himself is quoted :
Like with the Spotted Pig ?
We must 've come up with 25 different blends before she chose one .
Twenty - five !
First she wants more short rib , then less , then more .
A mix of equal parts short rib , sirloin , and brisket ( a mix not vastly dissimilar to our Blue Label burger blend ) was almost spot on — particularly when I included a good portion of the fat cap on each short rib .
The last bit of the puzzle fell into place , this time coming from a source via The Food Lab's Facebook page .
Apparently , in a moment of drunken bliss , a Spotted Pig cook ( who shall remain unnamed ) accidentally revealed to my source the burger mix 's secret ingredient : beef suet .
No wonder the darn things are so tasty — there 's straight - up beef fat ground in with them !
The extra fat pumped my burgers up to close to the 25 percent fat range — a bit more than even the fattiest cuts available at a regular supermarket .
The Assembly
The final ingredient is cheese , which must be Roquefort .
No other blue cheese has quite the same soft , spreadable texture , essential for melting over the top of the burger .
Being a sheep 's milk cheese , it also has a distinct tang that plays nicely off the richness of the beef .
To shape the buns , I made sure to make raw patties that overhang the buns by a good half inch to account for shrinkage .
I shaped them with a slight well in the center to compensate for the edges shrinking more than the middle during cooking , delivering a perfectly flat patty post - cooking .
Mercilessly seasoning the beef with salt and pepper was also absolutely essential to deliver full - flavor .
I used at least a full teaspoon of kosher salt on the exterior of each patty .
Yeah , it seems like a lot , but trust me .
It 's worth it .
A one inch - thick half pound patty can be a little challenging to cook on the grill .
It 's a balance between getting great grill marks ( a key feature on the Pig 's burger ) , and hitting just the right temperature in the center .
By building a fire under just one side of the grill and preheating the grill grates for a full five minutes after the coals were fully ignited , I was able to get great grill marks in just a minute or two on each side of the patty before transferring them to the cooler side of the grill and covering in order to finish cooking through at a more gentle pace .
They hit that perfect medium - rare ( as checked by a thermometer , of course ) in just a few minutes .
After topping the patties with Roquefort while they rested , putting the signature grill marks on the bun , and assembling , my work was complete .
One Spotted Pig Burger , minus the wait and the bill .
True , no cute bartenders or Old Speckled Hens , but my wife and a tall boy of PBR will do just fine , thank you .
And ok , here 's the gratuitous autopsy shot :
Continue here for The Spotted Pig's Burger »
Get the Recipe The Spotted Pig's Chargrilled Burger at Home View Recipe »
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Welcome to Webby Wednesdays – a brief compilation of some useful web services which we found useful during the course of this week .
Creately : Create and Collaborate on Online Diagrams
Do you find yourself helpless when you have to make a proposal to some distant client ?
May be the customer is unable to understand your idea and approach , and a mere IM chat produces less results .
That ’s when you need Creately – a new web service which let ’s you create diagrams , flow charts and strategy diagrams online .
There are lot of similar tools out there but what sets Creately apart is the easy to use interface and a wide range of already available templates .
You can quickly create project diagrams , business strategies and let other members collaborate on the diagram from any part of the world .
The site supports a lot of objects and logical blocks which can be added in your diagram with little effort .
You can revert back to an earlier state of the diagram anytime , because Creately saves revision history of all your charts .
Here is a wonderful screencast which briefly describes the useful features of Creately :
Lifeyo : Build Websites
The Easy way
Want to create a small website for your company or business ?
Do n’t have enough knowledge or expertise on coding and customization ?
Check out Lifeyo – a website which makes it super easy to create blogs and websites .
Neither you need to find a web hosting service and manage the web server on your own , nor you need to install any kind of software to run your website .
All you get is an easy to use interface to build pages and content for your blog or website .
The entire management of your site remains in Lifeyo ’s hands and you need not worry about database failures , scheduled backups and losing your site due to technical glitches .
Lifeyo provides a free domain name such as abc.lifeyo.com , but if you want to have a custom domain name , you have to pay them $ 50 a year .
This is quite cheap , as compared to other hosting providers who will provide you with more space but at the cost of more pricing .
InfoSpinner : Find The Geographical Location of an IP Address
IP address stands for internet protocol address and it can be used to find the geographical location of a person who is using the internet from some part of the world .
Would n’t it be a great idea if you could track the location of a specific IP address directly on Google Maps ?
Enter InfoSpinner – a simple yet useful web service which can be used to find the geographical location of IP addresses on Google Maps , Yahoo Maps and Windows Live .
Apart from the name of the city , this site can also be used to find out the zip code , latitude , longitude , country of origin etc .
So if you are receiving spam comments in your blog from a particular IP , you can check in which city the spammer lives .
SleepingTime : Find When your Twitter Friends Sleep
You may wonder whether some of the tweeples , who post hundreds of tweets every day ever go to bed ?
Sleepingtime can tell when your Twitter friends sleep .
Just enter the Twitter username of the friend and the site returns a predicted sleeping pattern of the friend .
The tool analyzes the tweeting pattern of your friend and combines it with the time zone information from the profile to predict the sleeping time of a user .
However , the site does not work for private accounts .
On each wednesday , we will come up with a brief roundup of new web tools which provide value and add something extra to your daily technology .
Stay tuned !
Preventing and treating heart disease in some patients could be as simple as supplementing their diet with extra vitamin D , according to two new studies at the Intermountain Medical Center Heart Institute in Murray , Utah .
Researchers at the Intermountain Medical Center Heart Institute last fall demonstrated the link between vitamin D deficiency and increased risk for coronary artery disease .
These new studies show that treating vitamin D deficiency with supplements may help to prevent or reduce a person 's risk for cardiovascular disease and a host of other chronic conditions .
They also establish what level of vitamin D further enhances that risk reduction .
Study findings were presented at the American College of Cardiology 59th annual scientific session in Atlanta on March 15 , 2010 .
" Vitamin D replacement therapy has long been associated with reducing the risk of fractures and diseases of the bone , " says Dr. J. Brent Muhlestein , MD , director of cardiovascular research at the Intermountain Medical Center Heart Institute .
" But our findings show that vitamin D could have far greater implications in the treatment and reduction of cardiovascular disease and other chronic conditions than we previously thought . "
For the first study , researchers followed two groups of patients for an average of one year each .
In the first study group , over 9,400 patients , mostly female , reported low initial vitamin D levels , and had at least one follow up exam during that time period .
Researchers found that 47 percent of the patients who increased their levels of vitamin D between the two visits showed a reduced risk for cardiovascular disease .
In the second study , researchers placed over 31,000 patients into three categories based on their levels of vitamin D .
The patients in each category who increased their vitamin D levels to 43 nanograms per milliliter of blood or higher had lower rates of death , diabetes , cardiovascular disease , myocardial infarction , heart failure , high blood pressure , depression , and kidney failure .
Currently , a level of 30 nanograms per milliliter is considered " normal . "
Heidi May , PhD , a cardiovascular clinical epidemiologist with the Intermountain Medical Center Heart Institute , and one of the study 's authors , says the link between low levels of vitamin D and increased risk for a variety of diseases is significant .
advertisement
" It was very important to discover that the ' normal ' levels are too low .
Giving physicians a higher level to look for gives them one more tool in identifying patients at - risk and offering them better treatment , " says Dr. May .
Dr. Muhlestein says the results of these studies will change the way he treats his patients .
" Although randomized trials would be useful and are coming , I feel there is enough information here for me to start treatment based on these findings , " he says .
Treatment options in this case are simple , starting with a blood test to determine a patient 's vitamin D level .
If low levels are detected , supplements and / or increased exposure to sunlight may be prescribed .
Increasing vitamin D intake by 1000 to 5000 international units ( IU ) a day may be appropriate , depending on a patient 's health and genetic risk , says Dr. Muhlestein .
He says supplements are the best source of vitamin D because they are relatively inexpensive and can be found at almost any supermarket or drug store .
Most supplements provide an average of 400 IU per tablet .
While exposure to 20 - 30 minutes of sunlight can provide up to 10,000 IU , Dr. Muhlestein says it is important to use sunscreen and avoid the hottest parts of the day in order to avoid sunburn and the harmful UV rays associated with skin cancer .
READER COMMENTS ON
" VIDEO : ' Andy Breitbart Explains It All For You ' - An Exclusive Interview , Disturbing Admissions , and Manic Responses to the ACORN Video ' Pimp ' Hoax "
( 176 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... sophia said on 3/1/2010 @ 8:02 am PT ...
Just a note on technology & compatibility - my crapberry does NOT support flash video - strange , huh ?
Just wondering how many out there , dependent on their ' smart phones ' for info , do n't get to see the good stuff .
I can watch a lot of video posted on youtube , but not everything .
I can't use my computer much anymore due to injury , so am frequently out of luck .
Is there another format in which videos on bradblog can be posted for those of us who are shut out ?
Thanks !
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Shortbus said on 3/1/2010 @ 8:03 am PT ...
It does matter Andy !
Release the Tapes !
Thank You Mr.Stark , for a fine piece of work here .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Hugh Burns said on 3/1/2010 @ 10:05 am PT ...
At the 9:38 mark of the video , Breitbart says " And you care about what the pimp was wearing , " This statement appears to confirm that contrary to the truth .
Breitbart is saying the O'keefe was posing as a pimp inside the ACORN offices , which he was not .
Breitbart is not simply stating that O'keefe was dressed as a pimp for an intro , but Breitbart is impling that O'keefe was appearing as a pimp the entire time he was inside ACORN offices .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... MP3 Obsession.com said on 3/1/2010 @ 10:28 am PT ...
This might not be the right place to post this , but I just wanted to say what a great site .
I just stumbled across it and have wasted most of my day reading through old posts !
I 'm definitely adding you to my feed list .
Thanks
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... camusrebel said on 3/1/2010 @ 11:00 am PT ...
The NYT has no interest in the truth .
They are a mouthpiece for a segment of society that would love to destroy ACORN .
When Judy Wood was selling an illegal war like it was so much laundry detergent , do you think her bosses were unaware how completely false her bullshit was ?
No .
They knew perfectly well it was crap .
But it serves their masters agenda .
Why did they sit on the illegal wiretaping story for 9 months until after the election ?
That rag is worse than Pravda .
The sooner its inevitable demise occurs the better .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch said on 3/1/2010 @ 11:15 am PT ...
Mr. Breitbart , I care what O'Keefe was wearing to ACORN 's offices , but I care more about what sort of editing Mr. O'Keefe did to his videos .
If the full unedited videos show what you claim , why are you not releasing them ?
Most people are anxious to be vindicated by evidence they control .
I suspect , based on your behavior in the video attached to this article , that you realize the unedited videos would seriously damage your " credibility . "
If someone really believed that " it does n't matter " what O'Keefe wore to the ACORN offices , and did not think the gist of the videos was edited to present a deception , here 's what they would do : they would show the unedited videos to anyone interested , hand out transcripts to anyone interested , and say the costume worn to the office was irrelevant .
Your audience would agree with you .
I 'm in my mid-fifties and have spent most of my professional life training software engineers and doing computer programming myself .
I 'm not an ideologue except that I do n't like lies .
Even more than I do n't like lies , I do n't like the arrogance of newspapers like the Times , which do n't think they need to correct lies they 've helped spread .
That means I actually think more highly of you than I do of the public editor at the Times .
I think of myself as liberal .
The next time you think of the left - wing media ( a/k/ a The Times ) , please take a moment to think of this : as a liberal , I think the Times is basically a tool of power and wealth , without a liberal thought to be found in its building .
If you 're looking for " liberal , " look to non -US media .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... CharlieL said on 3/1/2010 @ 11:39 am PT ...
@MP3 Obsession.com
Spending a day in the Bradblog archives is NEVER a waste .
Everybody out there who thinks they are getting " the story " from The New York Times or even from The Atlantic or even The Nation should spend a day in the archives of this site .
It might very well be the most educational day spent online .
@camusrebel I think you meant Judith Miller , but your sentiment is completely correct .
NYT editors KNEW she was full of crap , and they did n't care .
They refused to cover election fraud fairly .
They refused to cover the fact that Bush was using an earpiece at many points in his illegal occupancy , including during at least one Presidential debate , and perhaps at his 9/11 testimony .
They refuse to cover most of the " problems " with the 9/11 story .
They basically refuse to cover anything outside the very narrow frame of Republicans and Democrats and the status quo .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... T.R.O. said on 3/1/2010 @ 12:07 pm PT ...
It is pretty interesting to compare and contrast the angst that the New York Times experienced a couple of years ago regarding a story dealing with John McCain and lobbyist Vicki Iseman .
Anybody remember that ?
Such fretting and soul wrenching by Keller as has not been witnessed since , and most surely not in attempting to establish the veracity of the Pimpostor 's verbal assertions , nor his videos ' veracity .
The ACORN stories were certainly not handled with the studied reticence , nor with utmost delicacy as to not offend delicate sensibilities , as was the McCain scenario .
Read the piece and decide for yourself :
The Long Run - Up | The New Republic
After three different versions , the piece ended up not as a stand - alone investigation but as an entry in the paper 's “ The Long Run ” series looking at ...
www.tnr.com/article/politics/the-long-run
- Cached - Similar
How many other stories , on another note , has the NYT " spiked " , btw ?
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... T.R.O. said on 3/1/2010 @ 12:18 pm PT ...
@ #7 A verynarrow frame as to not properly reveal the bigger picture .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Adam Fulford said on 3/1/2010 @ 12:35 pm PT ...
@ Sophia , from a google search , it looks like there may be applications to install flash video functionality on Blackberries :
http://www.google.ca/sea...ackberry+flash+video+app
Brad et al , you should seriously consider creating a mirror site compatible with mobile phones , eg bradblog.
mobi :
http://www.dailyblogtips...bsite-on-a-mobile-phone/
Learn from the porn industry that was always quickest to implement and utilize the latest technologies ( from the earliest movies to the most contemporary video technologies ) .
Beat the mainstream media by being ahead of it ( as you are , of course ) .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 3/1/2010 @ 12:42 pm PT ...
Brad and Mike -- technical issue -
On the print out text for this post , in 4th paragraph which starts - -" But then my luck turned " , the 2nd sentence is interrupted after " .. basement to cover the .." and jumps to the 3rd sentence picking it up at " previously questioned Breitbart .. " .
Bunch of words missing in between .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/1/2010 @ 1:02 pm PT ...
Thanks , David L. HTML typo !
Good catch .
Have fixed .
Gracias !
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Adam Fulford said on 3/1/2010 @ 1:17 pm PT ...
This looks like a better link than the other one I gave to test BradBlog.com 's compatibility with mobile phones :
http://mobiready.com
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/1/2010 @ 1:46 pm PT ...
The first seconds of the video , I was going to comment on how calm he seems , but I was going to ask why he always seems to have a permanent frown on and circles under his eyes .
Then he flipped out .
He looks insane .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... OR Native said on 3/1/2010 @ 2:01 pm PT ...
Dear Mr. Hoyt ,
Here is the general public AND congress 's " take away " of your stories on O'Keefe 's video's .
Dressed as a Pimp , O'Keefe entered ACORN offices from coast to coast and asked for help running a child prostitution ring AND how to hide the income from the IRS and ACORN did not alert the authorities .
What the transcript , a video taped interview of one of the actors in the video and a video taped interview of the producer now confirm is that Mr. O'Keefe was dressed in an oxford shirt and Dockers in ALL of the Acron offices and that he never openly said he was a pimp or that he was going to be bringing young women into the country to work as prostitutes or sex slaves .
Additionally , for the first week or so , your coverage did not include easily verifiable claims that several ACORN offices did call the police to report the encounters OR include interviews with ACORN employees in the offices named in the video for their account .
Now three months later the impression the Public AND Congress has of ACORN 's actions during and after this attempted " sting " is still factually incorrect .
This false impression is due largely to your papers " reporting " which we now know did not meet the highest of journalistic standards that the NYT has historically applied .
Unlike many people who have contacted you demanding a correction of one or two aspects of this story
Im strongly suggesting that if the NYT expects to maintain the confidence of the American Public as The Paper of Record that they devote significant and prominent space to correcting the misleading impression your coverage has left in the public 's mind .
Anything less is and admission that you can be easily manipulated and will be too embarassed to admit it when confronted with hard evidence .
Your continued refusal to set the record straight only shows that you care more about the papers " perceived political balance " than the consequences that manipulation has had on hundreds of thousands of Americans dependent upon ACORN for stabilizing their lives and providing an opportunity to live with dignity and participate EQUALLY in our democracy .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 3/1/2010 @ 2:29 pm PT ...
Great job , Mike .
This is exactly the kind of quality citizen journalism that can make a huge difference in the long run , as opposed to the bottom - feeding , short - term , high voltage , possibly illegal ( ?) and definitely manufactured " splash " The Effin' Times likes to repeatedly lie about .
So , thank you .
A portion of my tax refund has just been re-appropriated by my internal moral - center steering committee and will land in yours ( and Brad's ) PAYPAL account as soon as it's birthed into direct deposit being .
I , like others here I 'm sure , would love to see a play by play of O'Keefe 's raw video / audio review and analysis from AV and intelligence experts just to see what else was bogusly bought .
If ( and when ) Doofus - Boofy releases them , please pass the PAYPAL hat so I can contribute .
Ca n't think of a better way to spend what would have been my $ 50.00 / year New York TIMES SUBSCRIPTION dollars .
Keep up the great work .
( Tweeting away : NYT Public Editor #CLARKHOYT RETRACT # Breitbart 's INSANE #O'keefeACORNHOAX # Clark Hoyt # GIANTDOUCHEBAG
#NYTIMESFAIL
http://bit.ly/blwEWa
less than 5 seconds ago via web ) ( Big Dan @ # 14 - HA ! )
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 3/1/2010 @ 2:38 pm PT ...
Also wondering :
Was this interview filmed before or after Breitbart 's freaky - deaky confession / acceptance speech where he opened with that sarcastic admission of guilt that fell flat because his audience does n't read BRADBLOG ?
( Welcome MP3 ! )
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... sophia said on 3/1/2010 @ 3:40 pm PT ...
@adam fulford - many thanks - did go to the adobe site long ago to no avail .
They are only just coming out with a new crosplatform mobile phone capability .
Not sure what to do on the mobi web page .
I 'll jut get on my computer and watch the fun another time .
Ciao !
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... PatriotNW said on 3/1/2010 @ 3:57 pm PT ...
So , he will " release " the unedited video if he can get a moment to grandstand and try to weasel more attention through a larger media blitz , but he wo n't release the video purely for journalistic integrity ?
I have a song for you , Breitbart .
" Old MacDonald knew a man and Lame - O was his Name - O. L - A - M- E.O. L- A-M-E.O. L-A-M-E.O. And Lame - O was his Name - O "
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/1/2010 @ 4:08 pm PT ...
Jeanie Dean @ 17 asked : Also wondering :
Was this interview filmed before or after Breitbart 's freaky - deaky confession / acceptance speech where he opened with that sarcastic admission of guilt that fell flat because his audience does n't read BRADBLOG ?
It was in the hall , must BEFORE he went on stage and made that " freaky - deaky confession " .
Do his comment there make more sense now ?
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/1/2010 @ 4:09 pm PT ...
BREAKING : Brooklyn D.A. says " No criminality found " at Brooklyn ACORN .
Law enforcement source tells NYDailyNews : " They edited the video to meet their agenda " .
No kidding ?
Details : https://bradblog.com/?p=7721
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... zapkitty said on 3/1/2010 @ 5:06 pm PT ...
Nothing to add to Brad and Mike re : Bitefart ... but you are aware that " MP3 Obsession.com " is a spambot , right ?
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... camusrebel said on 3/1/2010 @ 5:54 pm PT ...
yeah , wow , I really mixed up my Judys .
While I 'm basking in my mistakes ... I mentioned a few days ago that Howard Baker was helping to defend O'Keefe and his 3 co-criminals in the NOLA bugging .
I got that from the comments section of another blog .
Trying to verify it I came up empty .
Fact checking can be fun and rewarding , maybe Hoyt and co. should try it .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... sophia said on 3/1/2010 @ 6:04 pm PT ...
BTW - the comments on the Politico site , below the article linked in the comments here , are quite amusing - a dogfight between the braindead teabagger zombies ( convinced that it 's all a liberal set up b/ c the investigation took place in new york ) and a few stalwarts who actually know what is happening re : costuming , set - ups & the like .
Kinda fun .
Enjoy .
A never go to Politico - it 's so partisan I wheeze while reading its ' in the know ' posts .
Ciao !
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... bartkid said on 3/1/2010 @ 6:19 pm PT ...
( No relation to bartcop , brietbart , or even bart simpson . )
As a personal favour to me , can everyone from now on call this person Brietborat ?
Thank you .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/1/2010 @ 6:19 pm PT ...
CamusRebel -
It 's Howard Baker 's lead attorney from the Senate Watergate committee who is representing O'keefe .
From back when Baker was the ranking Repub on the committee .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Adam Fulford said on 3/1/2010 @ 6:43 pm PT ...
... sophia said on 3/1/2010 @ 3:40 pm PT ...
Not sure what to do on the mobi web page .
Sorry , that was just the first page I found on testing website mobile phone compatibility .
I think I just confused matters with it , lol ( also , seems to be someone 's affiliate link --- not mine --- whoops ) .
Anyway , basically a .mobi site would just be a site specifically designed to be seen on mobile phones .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Danny Guam said on 3/1/2010 @ 6:46 pm PT ...
Sorry Brad , but he is already known as blartblart .
( thanks to SadlyNo )
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/1/2010 @ 7:35 pm PT ...
" Oh what a tangled web we weave ,
When first we practice to deceive ! "
--- Sir Walter Scott
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/1/2010 @ 7:36 pm PT ...
Highly edited , deceptive video with no transcript or unedited audio .
Also , it lies about whether O'Keefe pretended to be a pimp .
He and Giles said they were setting up a house for Giles and underaged girls to turn tricks and give the money to O'Keefe for his Congressional campaign .
Your claim that he was not pretending to be a pimp is just an attempt to rewrite history and it is a goddamned lie .
Luckily none of this matters to anyone but you idiots .
Most people understand that a guy who sets up a house of prostitution and takes the proceeds is a pimp .
You 're the only ones too stupid or dishonest to understand that .
That 's why Hoyt says your view of what happened on the video is partisan and not credible .
He 's right there .
[ Ed Note : Consider this your warning , Patty .
We have a very few rules for commenting here .
Among them , no personal insults to other commenters .
Please respect those rules at this site , even if no such similar courtesies or decency exists over at your own blog .
Thanks .
- BF ]
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 3/1/2010 @ 8:30 pm PT ...
Coupla things -- 1 . Mike , I apologize for my critical self as I think you 're doing great work here but I have to say it was disconcerting given the subject matter to see so many edits throughout your piece .
From what I 've seen of Breitbart I have no reason to think he is being misrepresented here in the slightest but given the fractious history of the particulars in this story all the editing makes me kinda queasy .
2 . Particularly helpful in this video to see Breitbart not behaving always like an angry madman .
When he 's calmer it 's much easier to hear his point of view .
3 . Seeing / hearing him in this new way leads me to think he is completely sincere in his belief that he is doing the right and upstanding thing , fighting the good fight .
I believe this fight of his is based on almost 100 % pure magical thinking , but I think Breitbart believes in what he is doing .
I suspect he is not consciously trying to be manipulative or deceitful .
4 . The big thing I want to comment on , therefore , is a different way of dealing with Bartleby the Pimpener and his cohorts .
But it 's late in the East and I fear it may take an hour or two to comment coherently and do the topic justice .
Maybe tomorrow .
Good night all .
And Mike Stark , thanks for this work .
Invaluable .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/1/2010 @ 8:37 pm PT ...
" it was disconcerting given the subject matter to see so many edits throughout your piece . "
Just go to the unedited audio .
Oh , that 's right .
There is none .
I bet Breitbart destroys Stark in the portions left on the cutting room floor .
Kind of like when Larry O'Connor destroyed Blumenthal and Blumenthal left that part on the cutting room floor .
Luckily someone else taped it .
Release the full video , Stark !
WHAT ARE YOU AFRAID OF ?!?!?!?!
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 3/1/2010 @ 8:37 pm PT ...
I hope my fellow Brodblogdinians will not mistake my words for a yielding of even a millimeter of ground on the substantive issues here .
I do not yield anything on all that Brad has uncovered .
I 'm just interested in a different , possibly more constructive ( possibly impossible ) , way of dealing with the madness .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 3/1/2010 @ 8:51 pm PT ...
Patterico--
Do I come shit in your house ?
What are you doing ?
What 's the purpose of coming in here screaming insults ?
If you just need to scream and have a shit fit , I guess I can understand that .
And I wo n't bother you any more .
Go at it .
But if you 're interested in dialogue I can assure you , conversations that start off with Linda Blair projectile vomits across the bow usually result in just a messy deck .
So if messing up the deck is your aim , you 're doing great .
If you 're interested in dialogue ...
Got any other approach shots ?
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 3/1/2010 @ 8:53 pm PT ...
Sorry , shoulda specified -- Patterico @ 30
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/1/2010 @ 8:57 pm PT ...
David Lasagna , I come in here as I do because of the breathtaking dishonesty of the host of the site and of the author of this piece .
You want to have a civil discussion , you and me , that 's fine .
I did n't insult YOU .
Just the people I already know to be liars .
So , let 's start our civil discussion .
I put this to you : do n't you agree that O'Keefe pretended to be a pimp at ACORN , regardless of how he was dressed ?
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... The Devolutionist said on 3/1/2010 @ 10:23 pm PT ...
Did he actually ask why BradBlog does n't go after the Merry Pranksters ?
Seriously ?
Um , how about because that was the 1960s , Ken Kesey is DEAD , and I do n't recall that the Pranksters did anything as outrageous and propagandistic as what O'Keefe and Breitbart pulled ?
How 's that for a start .
If Breitbart is not in fact putting on one of the greatest pieces of performance art in history , then he is mentally unbalanced and should seek help .
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/1/2010 @ 10:31 pm PT ...
Patterico @ 30 : Patty , I had n't seen your note @ 30 before replying to the last one .
I 'll repeat what I added to it as an Ed Note up there : [ Ed Note : Consider this your warning , Patty .
We have a very few rules for commenting here .
Among them , no personal insults to other commenters .
Please respect those rules at this site , even if no such similar courtesies or decency exists over at your own blog .
Thanks .
- BF ]
You are welcome to hurl personal insults at me if you like , if that 's the best case you 're able to muster , but you are not welcome to do so at other commenters here , as per those rules .
Thank you again , in advance , for respecting them here .
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 3/1/2010 @ 10:32 pm PT ...
Patterico @ 36-- Way past sleepytime .
I 'll get to your question on the morrow .
But I have not read all the transcripts .
Maybe I can find them somewhere tomorrow and print them out so I can take a good look at them .
Have you gone through all the transcripts ?
Would n't that be helpful , if we 're both up to speed on what 's supposed to be in them ?
Maybe you are already .
I 'm not , yet .
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/1/2010 @ 10:36 pm PT ...
David Lasagna @ 31 said : 1 . Mike , I apologize for my critical self as I think you 're doing great work here but I have to say it was disconcerting given the subject matter to see so many edits throughout your piece .
From what I 've seen of Breitbart I have no reason to think he is being misrepresented here in the slightest but given the fractious history of the particulars in this story all the editing makes me kinda queasy .
No worries , Dave .
Stark told Breitbart during the taping that he'd be releasing the full , unedited videos ( since Andy could n't be honest enough to do same for his false vids ) .
But I think Mike just wanted to wait for folks like Patty to start screaming hypocrisy first Full transcript will also be available .
But not unless Patty says pretty please .
3 . Seeing / hearing him in this new way leads me to think he is completely sincere in his belief that he is doing the right and upstanding thing , fighting the good fight .
I believe this fight of his is based on almost 100 % pure magical thinking , but I think Breitbart believes in what he is doing .
I suspect he is not consciously trying to be manipulative or deceitful .
You 've been conned .
Andy knows * precisely * what he 's doing .
He knows it has nothing to do with government corruption or prostitution rings ( else he'd have bothered to publish even one article on this ) .
It 's a purely political game for him , no matter how many good folks get hurt in the bargain .
But no worries , you would n't be the first to have fallen for his loathsome scams ( yup , talking to you , New York Times !
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/1/2010 @ 10:58 pm PT ...
Friedman the hypocrite calls me " Patty " in the same sentence where he decries my lack of civility .
At least he says I am free to call him a shameless liar , and so I will .
As for his other commenters , anyone else who repeats his shameless lies will get the same treatment .
Mr. Lasagna , by contrast , claims to be for civil discussion and I will take him at his word .
Accordingly , I will talk to him civilly , declare Friedman a liar , and deal with others as their behavior warrants .
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 3/1/2010 @ 11:31 pm PT ...
My Dearest Bradford @ 40 Was that really the end of your comment ?
You finished with me quoting me ?
As to being conned , I must beg to differ , my liege .
I do not think I have been conned for I believe naught that he says .
I am merely of opinion that I am seeing a fool who believes his own foolishness .
In this I am certainly only witnessing the most common of occurrences -- a human enamored of their own magic thinking .
Is this being conned ?
Say it is not so , my lord and king .
And my careful friend , though you have offered volumes testifying to the extent that Breitbart , O'Keefe , and Consorts have mislead and misrepresented in these matters , I have seen no one offer a deep , authoritative , psychological profile as to motivation .
( And I 'm not complaining or suggesting you need to do this , I 'm just saying ... )
I 'm not speaking here of obvious political motivations .
I 'm referring to the deeper more personal ones .
Just because people are doing things , saying things that defy common sense or are 180 degrees opposite of previous things they 've said , does not mean that they do n't fully believe themselves in the moment or that they have n't found a way to completely and happily ignore previous statements .
I know this for a fact .
An incredibly painful and unhappily experienced more than once personal fact .
So please hold off a bit on the notion that I 've been conned .
I think I 'm just seeing a possible different motivational construct than you are .
In this case .
My dear friend .
Sure could be wrong .
Do n't have a ton to go on .
But from what I 'm seen , for now I 'm sticking with he 's sincere .
Have I mentioned that I 'm a dog ?
I think I have some dog sense about people .
I 'm a fucking addict here , Brad .
I was going to bed two hours ago .
Now it 's almost 2:30 and I still have to drop a note to Serpico .
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/1/2010 @ 11:32 pm PT ...
Patterico @ 41 said : Accordingly , I will talk to him civilly , declare Friedman a liar , and deal with others as their behavior warrants .
If you do not wish to be banned , but rather prefer to stay here and make your case --- whatever you may wish it to be today , and whether it disagrees with mine or not --- you will follow the simple rules here , or you wo n't be participating , Mr. Deputy D.A .
Thank you in advance again .
Oh ... and since you 've repeatedly used it to call me a liar ( and worse , suggesting I support child prostitution or some such utterly dishonest nonsense ) , I 'm renewing my request again for descriptions of the procedure you used to authenticate the so - called " unedited audio " you 've repeatedly referred to as " proof " of this or that .
I realize you 're time spent as a wingnut blogger is separate from your work as the Deputy D.A. , but I 'm sure , given your job , you know what it means to authenticate evidence such as audio , to determine whether or not it 's edited or " unedited " as you 've claimed with certainty .
Your explanation will be helpful here , so we can put all such concerns on that point to rest .
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 3/1/2010 @ 11:41 pm PT ...
Mr Patterico @ 41-- Now that I have so unabashedly and shamelessly declared my love for Mr. Badly Fried Man I fear that I may have despoiled our chance for civility .
I hope you can find it in your heart to pursue civil discourse , even for one such as I who holds in high esteem him whom you revile .
In any case , before I got caught up in my love disagreement with Brad , I was gonna tell you I 've printed out 78 pages of the trancsripts from New York and Baltimore .
I hope that 's sufficient and representative .
I 'll read them tomorrow .
Have you read them ?
Are we gonna be comparing the same notes ?
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/1/2010 @ 11:49 pm PT ...
Lasagna @ 42 : Was that really the end of your comment ?
You finished with me quoting me ?
My bad .
Have cleaned up behind myself there .
Apologies for the confusion !
As to being conned , I must beg to differ , my liege .
I do not think I have been conned for I believe naught that he says .
I am merely of opinion that I am seeing a fool who believes his own foolishness .
As I said , you 've been conned As to the rest , as ever , I 'll stick to reporting what I can actually prove , and leave you guys to the speculation and pondering
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 12:15 am PT ...
" I am merely of opinion that I am seeing a fool who believes his own foolishness . "
Says Mr. Civil .
OK , Mr. Lasagna .
Let everyone note who leveled the first insult .
Oh : Friedman is a liar .
Did I mention that ?
He is currently coupled with Boehlert in a hoax --- still uncorrected --- claiming O'Keefe has not released the ACORN audio .
Liar Friedman knows what he said is not true .
But he has not retracted .
Odd , for the guy who claims to care about truth .
I said " claims . "
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... SreeBee said on 3/2/2010 @ 12:22 am PT ...
I just want to offer my sincere thanks to Mike Stark , Brad Feidman and ESPECIALLY to the " disgusting " Eric Boelhert for exposing Breitbart , O'Keefe and the rest of the BigGov smear - squad for the power - hungry , lunatic predators that they are !!!!!
The world owes you all an incredible debt of gratitude for taking a stand against Breitbart 's dark - age assault on reason , decency and compassion .
Mike , i'm sure it could not have been easy to share your past as you had in this article , but I commend you for doing so .
People need to know that there are faces behind social services .
People need to know that ACORN serves real people with real problems ... that its not just all political symbols .
I really hope your statement gets much more distribution ... particularly to those that really need to read it .
The points you bring up are too important , albeit completely ignored in the overall discussion of this matter .
Thanks for the good work !
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 12:24 am PT ...
I debunk some of the lies and myths spread by Friedman , Boehlert , etc. here .
Using evidence and facts .
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 12:25 am PT ...
I could have included the lies spread by Stark 's video , discussed in this post .
Oh well .
Read the post and you 'll see just where Stark has also lied .
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 3/2/2010 @ 1:46 am PT ...
Patterico :
Ha hahah hahhahah hahahahah hahahah hah .
You are obviously Breitbart .
How 's it goin ' ? :-)
Are you seriously going to come in here and try to tell the regulars that Brad is a big liar , and then lie about what Brad was supposedly " lying " about ?
How sad .
Good luck with that one .
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... camusrebel said on 3/2/2010 @ 6:32 am PT ...
Pattie ... among your other personal issues you seem to have an inflated ego .
Mine may be one of the least nimble of minds here , yet even I knew the " fool believing own foolishness " was directed at not too Brightbart .
Is it true he is you ?
I do not really believe it .
Yet , you jump to the unfounded belief that Mr. Lasagna was talking about you when it is clear even to a blue collar hack like myself he was not .
You did this to put him on notice for having cast the first uncivil stone .
Dare we ask for a retraction ?
COMMENT # 52 [ Permalink ]
... Paul L. said on 3/2/2010 @ 7:49 am PT ...
So when is Mike Stark going to release the whole unedited video ?
Since that is ﻿ the standard of Journalism Brad Friedman claims should be followed .
COMMENT # 53 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 3/2/2010 @ 7:51 am PT ...
And here is yet another example of nytimes affinity for printing lies :
http://original.antiwar....he-iaea-reports-on-iran/
The link was from Chris Floyd 's Empire Burlesque : http://www.chris-floyd.com/ iraq wmd lies , acorn protecting pimp lies and now iran iaea lies .
All the lies fit to print .
COMMENT # 54 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/2/2010 @ 8:37 am PT ...
PaulL @ 52 asked :
So when is Mike Stark going to release the whole unedited video ?
Since that is ﻿ the standard of Journalism Brad Friedman claims should be followed .
Actually , I believe you 've misrepresented what I 've said about that .
What I said was that Breitbart / O'Keefe refuse to release the unedited videos , and have pointed out that , given the repeated questions about the edited versions validity , as to their accuracy and whether they were ( as a law enforcement source was quoted saying yesterday as the D.A. cleared Brooklyn ACORN of criminality ) , " edited to meet their agenda " , obviously , the unedited videos should be released so that we can all determine what actually did or did n't happen in those offices .
If there were no questions about the veracity of O'Keefe and Breitbart and no claims that the tapes were misrepresentative of what actually happened , etc . there would be no need to release the raw footage of the highly - doctored , heavily - overdubbed , secretly - taped ACORN videos , there would be no need , nor no call for the release of the unedited versions .
But since the credibility of O'Keefe and Breitbart has obviously taken a serious hit as each have been caught now in one scam after another in regard to these tapes ( and , in O'Keefe 's case , to federal felonies he has allegedly committed ) the deceptive duo has a responsibility to support their supposed " journalism " with transparency that they have so far showed unwilling to do .
That said , when Mike Stark interviewed Breitbart in the damning video as seen above , he promised Breitbart he 'd release the full , unedited version of the video .
And so he will .
And thanks for playing along .
Do n't know if he will do so when Breitbart and O'Keefe release theirs , or if he plans to do so sooner or not .
I should add , btw , that apparently unlike Breitbart , I actually bothered to review the entirety of those unedited videos before publishing the edited one here , by way of due dilligence .
Too bad Breitbart either did n't do same , or did , but then subsequently lied about it .
COMMENT # 55 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/2/2010 @ 8:45 am PT ...
Patterico @ 46 said : Oh : Friedman is a liar .
Did I mention that ?
He is currently coupled with Boehlert in a hoax --- still uncorrected --- claiming O'Keefe has not released the ACORN audio .
Liar Friedman knows what he said is not true .
But he has not retracted .
Now , Patty , when I pointed you ( several times ) to those few rules for posting comments here at The BRAD BLOG , I presumed you 'd actually bother to read them .
Given they are all of 5 or 6 sentences long , I 'd figured a Deputy D.A. such as yourself would be able to make it all the way through them .
But apparently you did n't bother --- or did n't care .
We have a rule against spreading " knowing disinformation " here .
Now we know that you know the above is disinformative , since I 've corrected you on it previously , and you 've acknowledged that correction .
So are you going to clarify the disinformation you 've just posted here ?
Or do I have to start moderating your posts for prior - approval and / or start banning you entirely ?
I 'd much rather not have to treat you like a Kindergartner , so please correct the record here .
Thank you .
Also , still waiting to hear about how you , Patrick Frey , Los Angeles Deputy District Attorney went about authenticating the " unedited audio " that you claim proves this thing and that thing to be a " lie " , etc .
Thank you again in advance for doing the right thing .
I 'm sure you 've got it in you .
You were once a very decent fellow when I hosted you in studio on my radio show , so I can only hope that your appalling behavior on the web is a show for your fans , rather than a real testament to your character ( or , lack thereof , depending on what you do from here . )
COMMENT # 56 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 3/2/2010 @ 9:24 am PT ...
In a video interview posted Monday at Crooks and Liars , Stark Reports , as well as The Brad Blog , Breitbart , filmed by blogger Mike Stark at the recent CPAC convention , claims he did not know the facts about O'Keefe 's pimp outfit .
( See video below . )
That quote is from the Smirking Chimp ( link here )
This story is getting some cyber traction ...
COMMENT # 57 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/2/2010 @ 9:36 am PT ...
You know what 's funny ?
Is n't Patterico whining for the full video of Breitbart to be released , but not the full ACORN video ?
COMMENT # 58 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 3/2/2010 @ 9:50 am PT ...
Big Dan @ 57
I was just finished catching up on Patty 's comedy from earlier .... when you stated what I saw too .
Why is n't Patty asking for Breitbart to release his whole vids too ?
It 's really telling that Patty insists that only Stark release unedited video , but he ignores Breitbart edited con job .
Patty seems to be just a self serving dis-informationist .
He 's only here to muddy the discussion and sling unfounded shit .
Ipso facto ; Patty = Troll
COMMENT # 59 [ Permalink ]
... TLV said on 3/2/2010 @ 9:55 am PT ...
Remember when the police or the " nut squad in the white coats " or some other kind soul would gently take the screaming wacko from the town square and make sure he or she was put in a safe place ?
COMMENT # 60 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/2/2010 @ 9:59 am PT ...
Patterico = Breitbart spokesman Breitbart = O'Keefe spokesman
The other day when I said O'Keefe had to ask his parole officer for permission to go to CPAC to accept an award , Patterico said not to believe Olbermann , assuming I got that from Olbermann .
Patterico said : " ( Also , O'Keefe had to get permission from his parole officers to accept his award at CPAC . ) -
Uh , no he did n't .
Do n't believe everything you hear on Olbermann 's rantshow .
https://bradblog.com/?p=7710#comment-420453
I then pointed out this article to Patterico , good thing I cut / pasted the ENTIRE article in a previous Brad Blog comment : Bustin ' loose : O’Keefe wrestles with parole officer to make CPAC
By : Nikki Schwab and Tara Palmeri
Washington Examiner
02/17/10 8:46 AM
EST
Thanks to the courts , he ’s stuck in Jersey .
But conservative filmmaker James O’Keefe is desperately trying to claw his way to the Conservative Political Action Conference .
O’Keefe told Yeas & Nays he’s in the process of petitioning his parole officer to let him cross state lines to make the big event Thursday where he will be awarded the “ XPAC Annual Award for Impact ” for cracking ACORN with his pimp suit and , of course , his most recent attempt at high jinks in the office of Sen.
Mary Landrieu , D - La .
“ We ’re having this e-mail exchange right now , actually , ” O’Keefe said about his correspondence with his parole officer .
O’Keefe is n’t on complete lockdown — he did spend Presidents Day on the ski slopes of New Jersey .
But for a trip to the District for CPAC to join his cohort Hannah Giles , he ’ll have to beg .
“ But hopefully I should be able to make it down to D.C. on Thursday , ” he said .
If he ca n’t make an appearance , he plans to do a prerecorded or satellite interview with Town Hall ’s Kevin McCullough that will appear Friday .
But even if he does make an appearance , do n’t expect him to be raging at the concerts , comedy shows or bar parties .
“ That ’s just not my scene , ” O’Keefe said .
Read more at the Washington Examiner :
Well that article now looks like this at the same exact link , notice the differences : Bustin ' loose : O’Keefe wrestles with parole officer to make CPAC
By : Nikki Schwab and Tara Palmeri
Washington Examiner
02/17/10 8:46 AM
EST
Update : O'Keefe is on pre-trial release , not parole , as he told Yeas & Nays last week .
" I 've called it a parole officer , but she 's actually from ' pre - trial services , ' " O'Keefe said .
His officer is from the Pretrial Services Agency District of New Jersey .
Thanks to the courts , he ’s stuck in Jersey .
But conservative filmmaker James O’Keefe is desperately trying to claw his way to the Conservative Political Action Conference .
O’Keefe told Yeas & Nays he’s in the process of petitioning his parole officer to let him cross state lines to make the big event Thursday where he will be awarded the “ XPAC Annual Award for Impact ” for cracking ACORN with his pimp suit and , of course , his most recent attempt at high jinks in the office of Sen.
Mary Landrieu , D - La .
“ We ’re having this e-mail exchange right now , actually , ” O’Keefe said about his correspondence with his parole officer .
O’Keefe is n’t on complete lockdown — he did spend Presidents Day on the ski slopes of New Jersey .
But for a trip to the District for CPAC to join his cohort Hannah Giles , he ’ll have to beg .
“ But hopefully I should be able to make it down to D.C. on Thursday , ” he said .
If he ca n’t make an appearance , he plans to do a prerecorded or satellite interview with Town Hall ’s Kevin McCullough that will appear Friday .
But even if he does make an appearance , do n’t expect him to be raging at the concerts , comedy shows or bar parties .
“ That ’s just not my scene , ” O’Keefe said .
Read more at the Washington Examiner :
At the same exact link : http://www.washingtonexa...28327.html#ixzz0h2ijxqlN
Here 's my original comment with the original cut / paste of the entire article that has changed : https://bradblog.com/?p=7710#comment-420457
I received no reply from Patterico on this .
Patterico wants an apology from Olbermann on quoting O'Keefe himself !!!
Any comments on this Patterico ???
I think Patterico has to apologize to Olbermann !
COMMENT # 61 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 3/2/2010 @ 10:16 am PT ...
CamusRebel @ #51 re : Patterico ~
Not only the misdirection w/ our Lasagna , but from the same nasty pissy - fanny who raged in here refering to Brad as " liar Friedman " , called us all " idiots " and " too stupid or dishonest to understand " the rather basic evidence presented here , then honked on like a crazy person about the kind of " treatment " we all deserve from him for believing facts ... ... and " Patty " and " foolish " are the uncivil attacks that get his britches zippered ?
Wow .
Sensitive lil' sociopath .
COMMENT # 62 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 3/2/2010 @ 10:19 am PT ...
... and I mean that in the most respectful sense of the word .
COMMENT # 63 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/2/2010 @ 11:10 am PT ...
Patterico , aka Mark Frey , wrote @ 30 He and Giles said they were setting up a house for Giles and underaged girls to turn tricks and give the money to O'Keefe for his Congressional campaign .
______________________
Facts : O'Keefe , who went in dressed like a college student , said nothing of the sort .
He first told the ACORN workers that he was a law student and that he intended to run for student government .
He never said he was a pimp .
His motives , he implied , were benevolent ; that he was just trying to help Giles get away from " this guy . "
Later , well into the charade , O'Keefe identifies " this guy " as " a pimp . "
But he does not identify himself as a " pimp . "
Aside from the one occasion where he slipped in the word " tricks , " both O'Keefe and Giles suggest benevolent motives in trying to provide the young girls from El Salvador " shelter , " though they offer an occasional , ambiguous " putting them to work . "
O'Keefe never said he would solicit customers for Giles or anyone else .
He never said that either Giles or anyone else would either be working for him or giving him money for setting up the house .
In fact , at p. 37 of the 46 - page transcript , O'Keefe said " I am not going to be with the house .
That is why I am trying to get her independent . "
At p. 40 , after repeatedly stressing his benevolent motives and Giles 's " independence , " O'Keefe slips in the word " we " for the first time , at a point when the ACORN worker appears to be addressing Giles .
( According to Harshbarger , the ACORN workers thought of Giles as a client and were focused more on what she was saying ) .
O'Keefe : " We gonna use a lot of the money that we are getting . "
ACORN worker : “ You do n’t want to use all of it ? ” O'Keefe : " No .
We want to use a lot of cash in my campaign . "
ACORN worker : “ But what I am saying is like put maybe 200 in the bank every week . ”
Giles : " Cause like all of a sudden , cause I ca n’t put all my cash … I could not part with it . ”
It is nothing short of disingenuous for an attorney to scour a 46 page transcript in order to parse a few disparate sentences containing the words " underage girls , " " tricks , " " we " and " money " and to then reassemble these unconnected words and phrases into " posed as a pimp " after O'Keefe , by his attire and by his words , uttered over the first 39 pages , repeatedly suggested that he had accompanied Giles to ACORN solely in the capacity of a friend .
But such is the level of the verbal gymnastics the would - be slayers of ACORN are prepared to go .
These were not law students asked to spot the issues at a bar exam , Mr. Frey .
They were low level , part time employees who were duped the right wing con-artist you extol as heroes at your site .
In the meantime , Mr. Frey , you still have n't answered a basic question .
As a Deputy DA for LA County , do n't you think it creates a bit of an ethical dilemma for you to be defending O'Keefe and Giles when your office should be investigating these two for a possible criminal violation of CA Penal Code Section 632 ?
COMMENT # 64 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/2/2010 @ 1:02 pm PT ...
Apropos my last comment ,
The word " pimp " is defined as " a person , esp. a man , who solicits customers for a prostitute or a brothel , usually in return for a share of the earnings ; pander ; procurer . "
Neither O'Keefe nor Giles so much as hinted that O'Keefe would " solicit customers " for Giles , let alone that he would do so " in return for a share of the earnings . "
Also , Mr. Frey , in a separate piece , you accused Brad Friedman of " lying " when he said that we do not have the " complete " transcripts .
We only have the word of accused federal felon O'Keefe and his serial dissembling employer , Breitbart , that these are the complete , unedited audios and transcripts .
However , the Baltimore transcript only records conversations between these two scam artists and two ACORN employees .
Former MA AG
Harshbarger , who , in addition to reviewing the dubbed videos and reading the transcripts , interviewed numerous ACORN employees , says that Giles & O'Keefe actually spoke to three ACORN employees at the Baltimore office .
The first , a receptionist , is not included in the transcript .
Per Harshbarger , they told that receptionist that Giles was a " dancer " and O'Keefe a college student .
From the method this pair of con artists employed at other ACORN & ACORN Housing offices , I suspect that this conversation in which they represented that Giles was a " dancer " probably occurred over the phone when they called to set up the appointment .
The " dancer " representation helps to explain why , during the first 14 pages of transcripts , the ACORN employees had such a Devil of a time trying to figure out just what " business " Giles was in .
COMMENT # 65 [ Permalink ]
... camusrebel said on 3/2/2010 @ 1:13 pm PT ...
Sometimes I balk at commentin when there r over 60 already as it will soon be buried and forgotten ... but , just checked out not too Brightbart 's blog BigGovernment .
They got an article about how ACORN is like the KKK .
Just flat out hysterical stuff .
But it is suprisingly easy to comment so I went on a bender of a positive tirade under " JohnnyO " .
Not sure any there know who Camus was , plus it 's my stage name for my rock star alter - ego .
COMMENT # 66 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 3/2/2010 @ 1:19 pm PT ...
Since Patterico is NOT Breitbart , why is he going to such lengths to defend him ?
And really , a deputy DA should be a lot more convincing than that .
Or at least more FACTUAL than that , sheesh .
COMMENT # 67 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/2/2010 @ 2:23 pm PT ...
Oops , allow me to make a correction .
Patterico = " Patrick Frey ; " not " Mark Frey , " as I erroneously stated .
Sorry about getting your name wrong , Patrick .
COMMENT # 68 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 3/2/2010 @ 5:06 pm PT ...
Hey my compadres --
Please everyone try to resist getting your foofs all blingeed up in a bunchdrop , but having gone through the Baltimore transcript I think I understand where Breitbart and his supporters are coming from .
Maybe . ( Brad , am not ) .
I tried reading the thing just trying to imagine how Breitbart might take it in .
Does anybody else out there do this ?
I mean it 's a little risky cuz you have to let go a bit of your own reality but I think it can be helpful in trying to understand the " other 's " point of view .
And my goodness are we making Breitbart and Patterico into " others " .
If you read it from a certain viewpoint you can make up that of course those Acorn workers knew they were a pimp and a prostitute and look how much they were trying to help them .
( BRAD , AM NOT !!!) I 'm not saying this is any kind of correct interpretation of reality .
It 's certainly not mine .
The point is ( Braaaaaad , ammm nooootttTT ) I'm just saying I think I can see it from their perspective .
I think you have to do some pretty fancy dancing to get there .
But fancy dancing in pursuit of evermore extravagant Magic
Thinking is what we , as a nation , do best .
( Jeeze Louise , I hope and pray my beloved brethren and sistren are not having multiple shits over fists fits )
There 's more of course but I 'm sleep deprived from last night 's Brad Binge .
And I hope I can resist my Bradophilia addiction tonight .
Not promising though .
COMMENT #69 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 3/2/2010 @ 5:19 pm PT ...
Note to Patterico -- sorry if my last comment short - circuits our attempts at civil dialogue I just had to jump in .
I 've read the one transcript .
I 've printed out three others .
I 've looked at your blog .
( Gotta give you credit on that though I have large problems with your conclusions ) .
Read a bunch more of the Harshbarger report .
May not be good for much more tonight .
Had a long , sad , sleep - deprived day .
Want to read the rest of the transripts .
Maybe we can pick it up soon .
Here or on a subsequent post .
Oh and by the by CamusRebel had the call exactly right .
I was referring to Breitbart .
Did you really think I was talking about you ?
For me calling someone a fool is not much of a thing .
We 're all fools .
I 'm certainly one and can be a major asshole to boot .
But I try to compensate / correct for that by keeping up with my critical self - examination homework .
That 's my complaint about Breitbart .
He looks like he 's skipping that part .
Bart .
( So you 're a DA .?
You overlegalized rascal . )
COMMENT # 70 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 6:04 pm PT ...
Friedman you lying sociopath : You wrote Hoyt and said O'Keefe has refused to release unedited AUDIO .
Have you retracted ?
Have you written
Hoyt to tell him you got this wrong ?
I love Ernie 's claim that someone who sets up a house for underage girls to turn tricks and turn over the money to him is not a pimp .
You do n't learn much about the criminal world in your little worker 's comp practice , do you ?
COMMENT # 71 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 3/2/2010 @ 6:08 pm PT ...
David Lasagna @ 68
My hat 's off to you for your effort at being conciliatory and fair - minded ... it is a noble endeavor .
BUT !.... come on David ... we 're talking about a contrived illusion ( O'Keefe 's vid ) ... of course if we do the mentally contortionist gymnastics that you did then almost any conclusion will seem feasible ... WMD in Iraq , the easter bunny and the tooth fairy will seem reasonable inferences .
That 's the point David ... the truth should n't require mental contortions to be seen .
If truth is not apparent with plain open minded consideration ... then it 's not truth but a contrived illusion .
Again ... you 're a solid guy for trying to see the Acorn vids through " their " point of view ... but David their point of view is skewed ... Their point of view is n't objective .
Seems you put on their painted goggles .
You can't drop objectivity David in an attempt to perceive truth .
You took off your truth detector ( objectivity ) and put on their blinders .... as it were .
COMMENT # 72 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 6:14 pm PT ...
Lasagna , Sorry about the incorrect assumption .
Check my site for extensive quotes from transcripts showing O'Keefe seeking to set up a house for Giles and underage girls to turn tricks and turn the proceeds over to O'Keefe for his Congressional campaign .
Yes , he described himself as helping get Hannah away from an abusive pimp .
In essence , he portrayed himself as " the good pimp . "
But still a pimp .
Not as someone trying to get her and the underage girls out of the life , as Stark and Friedman and Boehlert claim .
By the way , pimps often claim to be ( or even are ) their prostitutes ' " boyfriends . "
They 're still pimps .
COMMENT # 73 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 3/2/2010 @ 6:14 pm PT ...
Patterico @ 70
You constantly call Brad a liar ... yet you offer no smoking gun .
I would like to see some evidence .
Your mendacious rants and epithets do n't do much for your case .
Evidence sir ...
Did n't you claim to be an DA in Cali ?
Seems building a case to support your point of view would be second nature to you .
So far you 've miserably failed .
You SEEM like an angry individual in a double wide with a snaggle toothed wife and a squeaky screen door .
Let 's see you display some of those district DA skills there son ... evidence .
COMMENT # 74 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 6:32 pm PT ...
Evidence of numerous misstatements by Friedman here .
More here .
Evidence that Starks 's video tells a lie here .
That first link is especially replete with evidence .
Lasagna , I am amused that you find it such a strain to conclude that O'Keefe and Giles posed as pimp and prostitute and that ACORN knew it and tried to help them anyway .
But it 's not easy to test one 's comfortable assumptions , and you seem to be trying .
I admire that .
When you have reviewed the transcripts , tell me whether O'Keefe ever claimed that he was seeking to set up a house for Giles and underage girls to turn tricks and turn the proceeds over to O'Keefe for his Congressional campaign .
The first link in this comment has extensive quotes to help you along .
For example : O’Keefe : But , one of the things I was one of the things we also wanna do um one of my goals you asked you asked do you know how you wanna do this , I think one of the goals is not only can Eden protect some of these 13 , 14 , 15 year - old girls Theresa ( ACORN ) Yeah .
O’Keefe : coming over from El Salvador .
In addition to protecting them and getting their feet on the ground so that they can you know perform the tricks and you know learn the how LA prostitution scene is I was also wanting to um use some of the this is very lucrative and potentially we can use a lot of the money we ’re getting from the underaged girls from El Salvador and use some of the money for campaign one day . . . .
O’Keefe :
We ’re bringing these girls from overseas .
Hannah ( Eden )
Well , they ’re here .
O’Keefe : But , we are gonna take a part of the profit and I intend to use the profit Theresa ( ACORN ) : Right .
O’Keefe : From the tricks the girls perform Theresa ( ACORN ) : Right .
O’Keefe :
To fund my political campaign .
Theresa ( ACORN ) : Right .
I do n't even have to strain to read that as O'Keefe claiming claimed that he was seeking to set up a house for Giles and underage girls to turn tricks and turn the proceeds over to O'Keefe for his Congressional campaign .
COMMENT # 75 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/2/2010 @ 6:33 pm PT ...
Patterico wrote @ 70 Friedman you lying sociopath _________________________
Psychological projection is the unconscious act of denial of a person 's own attributes , thoughts , and emotions , which are then ascribed to the outside world , such as to the weather , the government , a tool , or to other people .
Thus , it involves imagining or projecting that others have those feelings . "
Fits you like a tee , Patrick .
By the way , my 32 years of practice has included business and civil litigation , appellate work , Cal OSHA defense , and workers ' compensation .
My first employer , a Century City business litigator , started as a U.S. attorney before he moved to the DoJ where he served under RFK and was one of the attorneys who prosecuted James Hoffa .
I graduated law school 4th in a class of 276 .
How'd you do ?
I 'll stand by my observations as to the level of perfidy required to extract these out of context statements to try to build a case for " posing as a pimp " in the face of the extraordinary efforts your hero , an accused federal felon , made to suggest that he was nothing more than Giles 's friend .
Take pot shots at my qualifications on criminal law all you want .
A former MA AG and Brooklyn prosecutors who studied the infamous tapes for four months found no evidence of criminal wrongdoing by any of the ACORN workers .
Your personal attacks on Brad Friedman remind me of the old saw :
If the law is with you , argue the law .
If the facts are with you , argue the facts .
If you have neither , attack your opponent !
In the meantime , Mr. Frey , you still have n't answered my question .
" As a Deputy DA for LA County , do n't you think it creates a bit of an ethical dilemma for you to be defending O'Keefe and Giles when your office should be investigating these two for a possible criminal violation of CA Penal Code Section 632 ? "
COMMENT # 76 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 3/2/2010 @ 6:44 pm PT ...
Patterico @ 74
Let 's say O'Keefe was charged with pimping .
Would you as a presumed DA , be willing to prosecute O'Keefe as a pimp with the evidence you presented in comment 74 ?
I also find it odd that you provided zero evidence of Brad being a liar ...
The screed posted at your site is n't evidence of lying .
It 's simply a retaliatory mudsling that again has zero smoking gun evidence of a lie .
That would fail in a court of law too Patterico .
Patterico are you sure you 're an attorney ... or do you just play one on the internet ?
COMMENT # 77 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 6:46 pm PT ...
" We did not interview the employees captured on video , since we were satisfied there was no question that the visits occurred and the comments were made .
. . .
Hence , all our knowledge about the videos is largely circumstantial and secondhand . " --- from the report by paid ACORN consultant Scott Harshbarger
COMMENT # 78 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 6:48 pm PT ...
Tonja :
No you have to pay taxes on the money you make O’Keefe :
Is there any way around that though Tonja : Yeah do n’t file them and you continue doing cash
COMMENT # 79 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 6:49 pm PT ...
James :
So , I can be the one who ah , I have documentation right ?
So , I can , I can be the one basically put up the house for it and she can perform tricks in the house .
Acorn 3 : Yep .
James : Okay , and well all those girls too ?
All those , there ’s like 10 girls ?
There ’s 10 El Salvadorians .
. . . .
Acorn 4 : If you but the home , you have no knowledge of what ’s goin on in that home .
He ’s just [ garble ] the landlord .
I. I t , say that again .
Acorn 3 : You have no knowledge of whats goin on you just the landlord .
Acorn 4 : You have no knowledge of what ’s goin on , I ’m just keeping it real – your just the landlord .
James : I ’m just the landlord .
Acorn 4 : You ’re just the landlord .
James : But , but , but …
Acorn 3 : We know she ’s your girl friend , but we ’re talking about your career .
How far you trying to go ?
James : I ’m using the money that she ’s getting , you know what I mean ?
Acorn 3 : Okay .
But you do n’t know where its coming from .
Hannah :
It ’s cash .
James : I , I , I personally know where its coming from .
Acorn 3 : Right , but when the police ask you – you do n’t know where its coming from – that ’s what we ’re trying to tell you James : Alright .
Acorn 3 : We ’re looking out for you .
. . . .
Hannah :
And I want him to be successful and why I ’m working so hard and bringing these girls in so when he does run for office he has unlimited funds .
COMMENT # 80 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 6:50 pm PT ...
Tonja : so the type of business okay … the type of business of service you provide let me make sure there is a code for it okay O’Keefe : A code for prostitution ?
Tonja :
Well , yeah I have to have a name and a code number .
and this : Tonja : they under sixteen so you do n’t worry about that , but on the other part of the form you can use them as a dependents because they live in your house they are under 16 and they are living in your house .
Well you live in a boat but because you are taking care of them so you can use them as a dependent O’Keefe :
What if they are going to be making money because they are performing tricks too Tonja : but if they making money and they are underage then you should n’t be letting anybody know anyway and O’Keefe : we want to use a lot of the money that we are getting Shira : you do n’t want to use all of it O’Keefe :
No I am saying we want to use a lot of the cash for my campaign
COMMENT # 81 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 3/2/2010 @ 6:51 pm PT ...
Patterico has succesfully ( for the time being ) taken the spotlight here off of Breitbart , O'Keefe and the NYTimes and turned on Brad ...
Hurling false accusations at Brad to deflect the Breitbart - O'Keefe crimes ... yes crimes .
Patterico has effectively turned this thread into an offensive against Brad 's credibility ... and he 's done it with accusation , nefarious word play and conjecture ... nothing solid , nothing real .
A classic right - wing tactic ...
COMMENT # 82 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 6:54 pm PT ...
Ernie ,
Tell us the context for this : O’Keefe :
We ’re bringing these girls from overseas .
Hannah ( Eden )
Well , they ’re here .
O’Keefe : But , we are gonna take a part of the profit and I intend to use the profit Theresa ( ACORN ) : Right .
O’Keefe : From the tricks the girls perform Theresa ( ACORN ) : Right .
O’Keefe :
To fund my political campaign .
Theresa ( ACORN ) : Right .
Me , I read that as O'Keefe telling someone at ACORN that he 's bringing girls from overseas , and plans to take a part of the profit from the tricks the girls perform to fund his political campaign .
COMMENT # 83 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 6:56 pm PT ...
" Hurling false accusations at Brad . . . "
Ain't nothing false about them .
I note you offer no specifics .
Me , I offer links , links , and more links .
Quotes , quotes , and more quotes .
Evidence .
COMMENT # 84 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 7:01 pm PT ...
Here is a lie : “ Giles Admits O’Keefe , Breitbart ACORN ‘ Pimp ’ Story was a Lie : ‘ That Was B - Roll , Purely B - Roll ’ . ”
If you are not already familiar with Friedman 's dishonest practices , you would think that Hannah Giles had said : " Yes , the ACORN pimp story was a lie " or words to that effect .
Instead , she gave a statement about the videos , and Friedman used that statement as ( flimsy and insufficient ) evidence that O'Keefe and Breitbart had lied .
But she never " admitted " that they lied .
But Friedman said they did .
I 'm not the one engaging in slippery wordplay here .
That 's Friedman 's shtick .
On Twitter he did the same to me .
Claimed that I had " admitted " that Breitbart had lied or engaged in journalistic malpractice .
That was a goddamned lie as I never admitted any such thing .
Friedman is a liar .
Pure and simple .
COMMENT # 85 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 3/2/2010 @ 7:03 pm PT ...
Patterico @ 83
" Hurling false accusations at Brad . . . "
Ain't nothing false about them .
I note you offer no specifics .
Me , I offer links , links , and more links .
Quotes , quotes , and more quotes .
Evidence .
I offer no specifics .. because I made no allegations .
I 'm challenging your false claims ... which mean you carry the burden of proof .
Are you sure you 're an attorney ?
Because if you 're not then you would be a .... LIAR Brad 's credibility is fine with me ... I 've read and checked his articles for a while here ... the man is journalistically impeccable .
Sorry kid ... but a link to your site is n't evidence ... it 's self promotion .
COMMENT # 86 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/2/2010 @ 7:12 pm PT ...
Patterico @ 70 : Friedman you lying sociopath : You wrote Hoyt and said O'Keefe has refused to release unedited AUDIO .
Have you retracted ?
Wow , speaking of sociopaths , have you bothered to share the context of the comment for the claim you make above ?
Like the sentence that came before or after it in the letter you cite ?
Or have you just continued to quote the entire phrase out of context , under the presumption that your readers --- who do n't seem to have much interest in facts and stuff --- would just buy it ?
Feel free to share the context and see if your charge still holds up .
I 'll wait .
Then , when / if I have time , I 'll be happy to share what you did n't ( presuming others here do n't do it first , while I 'm busy trying to get accountable for liars , scoundrels and scofflaws , while you 're here making excuses for them . )
COMMENT # 87 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 3/2/2010 @ 7:13 pm PT ...
My mendacious Patterico @ 84
It 's telling that you omit the context of the ... " “ Giles Admits O’Keefe , Breitbart ACORN ‘ Pimp ’ Story was a Lie : ‘ That Was B - Roll , Purely B - Roll ’. ” article .
The story my friend was about whether or not O'Keefe was dressed in his clown pimp suit while sitting at ACORN offices ... he was n't ; the pimp suit footage was shot after the fact and made to seem like O'Keefe was dressed like that while meeting with ACORN employees ... hence Hannah Giles correctly called it B - roll footage ... which made Breitbart and O'Keefe liars for saying O'Keefe was dressed like a pimp for the whole shoot ... they lied he was n't .
Are you sure you 're an attorney ?
Do you actually make a living practicing law ?...
seriously ?
COMMENT # 88 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 7:18 pm PT ...
The context is that when your political opponents make mistakes you call them lies .
When you make mistakes you call them " typos . "
When the New York Times says something you deem misleading you call for a retraction .
When you say something that is flatly false you do not lift a finger to correct it .
If James O'Keefe hoaxed people by failing to correct Doocy , you are hoaxing people by failing to correct your errors .
COMMENT # 89 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 7:25 pm PT ...
The story my friend was about whether or not O'Keefe was dressed in his clown pimp suit while sitting at ACORN offices ... he was n't ; the pimp suit footage was shot after the fact and made to seem like O'Keefe was dressed like that while meeting with ACORN employees ... hence Hannah Giles correctly called it B - roll footage ... which made Breitbart and O'Keefe liars for saying O'Keefe was dressed like a pimp for the whole shoot ... they lied he was n't .
One should not claim someone " admitted " that a person lied unless they actually " admitted " that the person lied .
But Friedman does that , because Friedman is a liar .
I love how it works here .
People demand evidence .
I provide scads , and it is declared non-evidence because it is set forth at my site .
You would never accept such a breathtakingly dishonest argument from a conservative , yet you happily make it yourself .
COMMENT #90 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 3/2/2010 @ 7:28 pm PT ...
Patterico ....
All you 've done is taken out of context words ... applied those out of context words to your desperate theory ( that Brad 's lying ) and called it your " proof " .
All that 's left now is for you to chest thump and do a touchdown dance ....
COMMENT #91 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 3/2/2010 @ 7:33 pm PT ...
Patterico @ 89 O'Keefe and Breitbart said that O'Keefe was dressed in his pimp outfit while visiting the ACORN offices ; their accomplice Hannah Giles said he was n't ,
She called the pimp outfit footage " B- roll " footage that was shot after the fact .
Hannah Giles made O'Keefe and Breitbart out to be liars ... Brad simply reported it .
Seems your venom is missplaced there kid ... Hannah Giles outted O'Keefe and Breitbart as liars .
Yet you 're angry at Brad ...
Are you sure you 're a lawyer ?
COMMENT # 92 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 3/2/2010 @ 7:39 pm PT ...
Patterico has ignored the direct question in comment 76 .
duly noted
COMMENT #93 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 7:44 pm PT ...
See , I argued that Friedman lied when he wrote to Hoyt that O'Keefe had not released the unedited AUDIO .
Then Friedman confirmed that he got this wrong --- although he did n't say he had lied .
He said it was a " typo . "
Using his tactics , I get to say that he admitted he lied .
COMMENT # 94 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 7:45 pm PT ...
BlueHawk has ignored all my evidence .
Noted .
COMMENT #95 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 7:48 pm PT ...
Let 's say O'Keefe was charged with pimping .
Would you as a presumed DA , be willing to prosecute O'Keefe as a pimp with the evidence you presented in comment 74 ?
No .
He was PRETENDING to be a pimp , genius .
COMMENT #96 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 3/2/2010 @ 8:00 pm PT ...
Patterico...@95
You mean like you 're pretending to be a lawyer .
Do n't you see the ludicrous nature of your position here ?
You would n't prosecute a " pretend pimp " who was dressed normally by the way ... the pimp outfit footage was shot later .
But you want to condemn ACORN for not seeing through O'Keefe 's sham ; and pretend that ACORN accommodates pimps and hos all the time .
And then smear Brad as a liar for reporting the story .
I 'm not a genius as you allude Patterico ... I do however have a trained nose for the bullshit you 're slinging here .
But please continue ... I have the time to continue handing you your ass .
COMMENT #97 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 3/2/2010 @ 8:12 pm PT ...
Dear Patterico ( May I call you Pat ? )
Slam - dunk by Ernest Canning !
O'Keefe did NOT represent himself as a pimp !
Not that Ernest needs any more support for his comments as they stand entirely on their own , but Pat , since you had already inspired me to do yet a little more research I will present EVEN MORE evidence that , in the Baltimore office at least , according to the Baltimore transcript , Mr. James O'Keefe assuredly did NOT represent himself as a pimp .
From the Baltimore Transcript ( emphasis added ) page 2 :
James :
Well I am doing pretty well for myself but I am coming to talk to you about my girlfriend , my girl Kenya here , we have kind of a unique life situation ... page 3 :
Kenya :
He is going to be going to Johns Hopkins for Graduate school .
Graduate school , right ?
Shira : Congratulations .
James : Yep , law .
page 4 :
James :
Well its not so much , well , she is in a situation where she is in a unique line of work .
I am running for campaign I am running for student government .
Hello ?
Pat ?
You were wrong , were n't ya ?
Now show us you are an honest guy , unlike that crazy " liberal " NYT , and ADMIT IT .
( doo dee doo dum doo dee doo .... doo dee doo dee DEET --- dee doodle doodle ... )
COMMENT #98 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 8:21 pm PT ...
Lora , Please try to keep up .
I have covered this ground already .
Ironically , you are engaged in the exact type of selective reading that I have been falsely accused of being engaged in .
You left out this : Tonja : so the type of business okay … the type of business of service you provide let me make sure there is a code for it okay O’Keefe : A code for prostitution ?
Tonja :
Well , yeah I have to have a name and a code number .
and this : Tonja : they under sixteen so you do n’t worry about that , but on the other part of the form you can use them as a dependents because they live in your house they are under 16 and they are living in your house .
Well you live in a boat but because you are taking care of them so you can use them as a dependent O’Keefe :
What if they are going to be making money because they are performing tricks too Tonja : but if they making money and they are underage then you should n’t be letting anybody know anyway and O’Keefe : we want to use a lot of the money that we are getting Shira : you do n’t want to use all of it O’Keefe :
No I am saying we want to use a lot of the cash for my campaign See , he represented himself as Kenya 's girlfriend , and as an aspiring student politician .
Who was trying to save his girlfriend from an abusive pimp .
And --- and here 's the part you 're missing --- and who intended to set up a house where his girlfriend and underaged girls could turn tricks and give him some of the proceeds for his campaign .
Friedman and Boehlert tell you about the " boyfriend " and " student " and " save her from pimp " part --- and let you imagine that the rest of it was just manufactured .
But it 's there , in the unedited audio and the transcripts based on the unedited audio .
You can listen to one and follow along with the other .
Friedman has n't done that because he does n't care .
He is out to protect ACORN using any lie , however transparent , he can get a willing audience to follow .
But he can't change the facts .
Which I am pushing in your faces .
And which most of you will ignore --- but which some will see .
Making them wonder why Friedman has lied to them .
COMMENT #99 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 8:22 pm PT ...
Obviously he represented himself as Kenya 's boyfriend , not girlfriend .
If I were Andrew Breitbart , Friedman would make this his next headline .
" BREITBART CAN'T EVEN DECIDE IF O'KEEFE IS MAN OR WOMAN !!!!!
16 ARTICLES ON SAME ISSUE TO FOLLOW !!!!! "
COMMENT # 100 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 3/2/2010 @ 8:29 pm PT ...
Lora @ 97
Nice try there ... Patterico is n't man enough to graciously concede a valid point .
Yours got to the heart of the matter ... yet Patterico ignores it .
Patterico selectively ignores the real issue and creates illusory issues to make a fake point .
COMMENT # 101 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 8:34 pm PT ...
The word " pimp " is defined as " a person , esp. a man , who solicits customers for a prostitute or a brothel , usually in return for a share of the earnings ; pander ; procurer . "
---
Ernie I 'm not looking at dictionary definitions , my fine feathered friend .
I 'm looking at common understandings of what is mean by being a pimp --- which , as it happens , is quite consistent with the California Penal Code : [ A ] ny person who , knowing another person is a prostitute , lives or derives support or maintenance in whole or in part from the earnings or proceeds of the person ’s prostitution , or from money loaned or advanced to or charged against that person . . . is guilty of pimping .
Cal. Penal Code 266h( a ) .
COMMENT # 102 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 8:37 pm PT ...
I am not gracious enough to concede half - truths , no .
I am not trying to convince you , BlueHawk .
You are unconvincable .
I am using you as a foil to demonstrate how ridiculous the positions of the commenters here are .
I have succeeded .
COMMENT # 103 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 3/2/2010 @ 8:50 pm PT ...
Dear Everyone ,
There 's just no fucking way I can do this tonight and in this format .
I need everyone in the same room , an extremely less tired head , to have given all this a whole lot more thought , and for us to have hours together and lots of wine .
I can only dabble tonight , sooo .....
Dear Bluehawk @ 71-- Do n't think you ( anyone ? ) is getting where I 'm coming from yet on this .
You say --
Their point of view is n't objective .
Seems you put on their painted goggles .
You can't drop objectivity David in an attempt to perceive truth .
You took off your truth detector ( objectivity ) and put on their blinders .... as it were .
How to deconstruct this ...
1 . Yes , their point of view is n't objective , but I 'm with Zinn on this -- no one 's view really is .
We all have our biases .
This does not mean there are not discernible truths .
This does mean that certain ways of looking at things / events gets closer to the heart of any particular matter than others .
This does n't mean that some viewpoints are extremely wide of the mark or even completely cuckoo .
But even if someone 's view is wide of the mark , I think there can be legitimate reasons why they might hold their view .
To dismiss the view , I believe , translates into dismissing the person .
Who is going to go along with that ?
Probably no one happily , or without a fight .
This I suspect is one of the factors contributing to the increasing acrimony of debate nationally .
2 . Yes , I put on their painted goggles .
That 's exactly what I did .
But from my point of view I did n't drop objectivity .
I sorta expanded it .
I 'll say it again -- I did not embrace this worldview .
I simply , I think , recognized it as one .
I repeat , I did not embrace it .
In fact , I have a somewhat different view of the transcripts of any I 've seen so far .
Maybe someday I 'll even get to that part .
3 . So no , I 'll disagree again as I did with Brad when he said I 've been conned -- I do n't think I took off my truth detector .
I think I found a larger setting .
4 . I 'm trying to say I think I see how they 're putting it together .
Maybe if I get really smart I can break it down for you .
What an effort that would be .
Holy shit .
We 'll see .
COMMENT # 104 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 3/2/2010 @ 8:50 pm PT ...
You see Lora ?
You laid it out really well @ 97 ... all Patterico calls it is a " half - truth " And he calls others " unconvincable "
Makes one wonder if Patterico is really Breitbart ... the guy is a single minded automaton hell bent on debunking this story ... truth be damned .
I 'm waiting for a Breitbart like meltdown ....
COMMENT # 105 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 3/2/2010 @ 8:57 pm PT ...
From the NY transcript :
( emphasis added )
James :
Well we have a unique situation and my uh this is my girlfriend Eden , and I apologize about her attire but uhm uhm Eden is in a unique line of work and uhm ....
Volda ( loan counselor ) for example ?
James :
Uhm I dunno if you wanna tell her
Hannah ( Eden ) : I have an extensive client base , male clients ( Uh huh .
He one bad - ass pimp here , all right ! / snark ) Page 14
James :
The reason that do n't want it to be in my name is because its her business and it is going to be all cash and I do n't want to be connected to it Page 15
James :
Cause if she has a bunch of girls working in this house I do n't want my name on it that is what I 'm saying [ Clearly he is not pretending to be a pimp .
Or if he thought he was , then he did n't pull it off .
He would say it is HIS business , and that HE has a bunch of girls working in this house . ] page 17 :
James :
Well the reason we are rushing is because she was working for this pimp and he was very abusive [ Not : she was working for this OTHER pimp .
He is NOT presenting himself as a pimp !
Over and over and over again ! ]
I 'd go on but it 's past my bedtime .
Pat , if you 're a stand - up guy , you 'll do the right thing .
G'night , all .
COMMENT # 106 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 3/2/2010 @ 8:58 pm PT ...
David @ 103
Again I understand what you attempted .
Here 's why it did n't make sense .
They do n't even believe the story .
They created a scenario ... an illusion to back up what they wanted to portray .
They came from a dishonest point of view in the first place and then dishonestly presented it to infer something that it did n't say .
So you trying to be objectively honest with a situation that was born from dishonesty with dishonest intentions ... well that 's not intellectually compatible .
See Lora 's comment at 97
COMMENT # 107 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 9:03 pm PT ...
Lasagna ,
You 're the only person here trying to be honest .
I will talk to you only .
I may use others as foils , but you 're the only person even making an effort to see what I am saying .
It still amuses me how difficult it is for you to conceptualize the idea that the transcripts show O'Keefe as a guy setting up a house of prostitution , from which he intends to take profits to use for himself .
This is a little like a Democrat in the 70s talking to a Republican who says : " If I strain hard I can just barrreeeeely see how those Democrats might be convinced that Nixon has acted immorally . "
Such a person would be shaking off their world view because of a respect for facts .
But it would still be amusing to a disinterested outsider how hard it is for him .
COMMENT # 108 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 3/2/2010 @ 9:10 pm PT ...
Last comment : Pat : James is not presenting himself in either the NY or the Baltimore transcript as what the world in general , not lawyers or DA 's , consider a pimp : Someone who has authority over a prostitute --- her clients , her money , how , when and where she works .
Now I 'm sure you know this .
Legal parsing aside , O'Keefe did NOT , I repeat NOT , represent himself as a pimp .
He represented himself as her boyfriend , as someone who was trying to help her get set up on her own , yes as someone who hoped to use some of the money she made which she said she wanted to use to help him , AND as someone who was trying to help her escape FROM a pimp .
Sorry but your legal stuff just does not apply here .
As Ernest said , the ACORN reps were not lawyers .
So .... once more , Pat .... here 's your chance to show you are not a cog in a right - wing propaganda machine .
Okay , this has to be it .
My coffee 's gonna have to be extra strong in the morning !
COMMENT # 109 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 9:24 pm PT ...
Oh , you want to talk New York , do you ?
I 'm so glad you asked .
James : okay even if the business like of what goes on in the house
Volda ( loan counselor ) : its a house you 're buying they do n't ask
Tara : we do n't care they do n't ask what you are going to do
Volda ( loan counselor ) : as long as you live there
Tara :
As long as you pay the mortgage
James : I have to live there
Volda ( loan counselor ) : yeah its
James : oh
Volda ( loan counselor ) : its got to be your primary residence
James : well she is going to live with me but we are using the house so that she can do her work ....
James :
Yea well she is gonna have this business in the house with a bunch of girls coming and doing these things , performing tricks and she is going to give me the money so that I can pay the
mortgage that is how we want to work it potentially .
Volda ( loan counselor ) : but your name is going to be on the mortgage your name is going to be
on the deed
James : but no one has to know where the money is coming from My favorite part : Volda ( loan counselor ) : because they might wants to ask about it I do n't think that they would go
to that length but ya know you outta say where the monies come from where they do n't want to see
that money record its illegal .
Because it ’s not legal in NY .
James : so we gotta we gotta make
Milagros ( counselor ) You can't say what you do for a living because the law
Volda ( loan counselor ) : so you say that you doing freelancing you gotta start thinking
James : okay
Volda ( loan counselor ) : if you want it to work
Milagros ( counselor ) you are young you 're both and make assumptions
James : well she is very honest
Milagros ( counselor ) Honest is not going to get you a house that is why you probably been denied
cause you probably going in saying " Honest is not going to get you a house . "
--- ACORN worker .
God , I feel so bad for them !
COMMENT # 110 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/2/2010 @ 9:29 pm PT ...
Well , Patrick :
To begin with , I did not research whether MD has a Penal Code section identical to CA Penal Code Section 266h .
Did you ?
Second , you know as well as I do that O'Keefe , throughout the first 39 pages of the transcript represented himself to simply be a college student and Giles ' friend .
He slipped in a technical comment about money being used in his campaign , and , I would wholeheartedly agree that if O'Keefe knowingly accepted money from a prostitute 's earnings for such a purpose , a smart DA like you could prosecute him as a pimp under PC 266h .
But you know damn well that this ACORN worker is not an attorney and cannot be expected to understand O'Keefe 's obtuse reference to receiving funds to equate to his being a pimp !
You want to play these legalistic games , do so with the mindless trolls who inhabit your right - wing propaganda site .
Do n't expect to persuade anyone with half a brain buy into your little game of parse the occasional phrase and reassemble them as " O' Keefe posed as a pimp . "
Meanwhile , since you are fond of citing the pertinent provisions of the CA Penal Code , perhaps you can tell us whether your office plans top initiate an investigation of O'Keefe and Giles with respect to CA Penal Code Section 632 --- or is it your position that criminal statutes only apply to Lefties .
COMMENT # 111 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 3/2/2010 @ 9:30 pm PT ...
Dear Patterico @ 74-- You say , Lasagna , I am amused that you find it such a strain to conclude that O'Keefe and Giles posed as pimp and prostitute and that ACORN knew it and tried to help them anyway .---
I feel you , too , are attributing points of view to me that do n't fit .
As a matter of fact , when I try to look at the transcripts from what I make up might be your point of view , I have no trouble at all concluding that they 're posing as a pimp and prostitute and that Acorn is trying to help them .
But as I was just trying to explain to Bluehawk , your way of looking at this is not the only way there is .
I can see other ways .
I can see mine which has its own flavor .
There are several questions we might get to .
1 . How are we taking the exact same words written on a page and coming up with different interpretations of the realities those words represent ?
2 . What are the relative merits or lack of merit to the different ways of interpreting the transcripts and the events they in part describe ?
I 'm not gonna get into it here , cuz look it 's getting late again ( these things often take so long to compose to get them anywhere near right ) but --
For me the one transcript I 've read so far surprised me with how involved , multi-colored , full of nuances , richly textured the interaction was .
I do n't think there 's a simple one size fits everything here .
There appears to me there was a lot more going on than I hear people talking about .
It 's late .
I appreciate your efforts at civility .
And I very much appreciate your acknowledgment of that misread .
I always feel a little acknowlegment goes a long way .
And finally Patterico , though I have some sympathy for you because you 're kinda alone in this venue right now and everyone 's jumping on you , I think you 're doing the same thing to them that they 're doing to you .
Dismissing everything out of hand .
I suspect you may think that you 're doing painstaking deconstructions showing them the errors of their ways ( as they are doing for you ) but I 'm not sure you 're really slowing down and trying to understand where these other humans might be coming from .
I think there 's another way .
And I 'm hoping we went at least a little bit down that path tonight .
COMMENT # 112 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 9:32 pm PT ...
He represented himself as her boyfriend , as someone who was trying to help her get set up on her own , yes as someone who hoped to use some of the money she made which she said she wanted to use to help him , AND as someone who was trying to help her escape FROM a pimp .
Sorry but your legal stuff just does not apply here .
As Ernest said , the ACORN reps were not lawyers .
He represented himself as a banker and as her boyfriend , trying to help her escape an abusive pimp .
OH --- and as someone who wanted to help buy her a house , which she would use to turn tricks , and give him the money , which he would use for his future campaign .
Once again , you give half the story .
I give all of it .
And these are n't legalisms .
This is a question of common decency --- especially when 13 - 15 year - old girls are involved .
COMMENT # 113 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/2/2010 @ 9:37 pm PT ...
Oh , and Patrick , since you chose to ignore it when I posted it on Brad 's cartoon piece , I 'll re-post it here so that those Brad Blog readers who do n't read the other piece , can appreciate the level of your hypocrisy : " I 'm curious both you and The New York Times are so concerned about a couple of low level ACORN employees who were entrapped in the accused federal felon 's deceptive " sting , " yet I 've seen not one word from either you or The New York Times about the sworn affidavits of former Blackwater / Xe insiders which not only alleged that Blackwater had engaged in murder , destruction of evidence , weapons smuggling , and corruption but specifically alleged that Blackwater operated a wife - swapping sex ring here in the US , and that , in Iraq , Blackwater had “ young girls provide oral sex to Enterprise members in the ' Blackwater Man Camp ' in exchange for one American dollar . "
" Tell me , in your expert opinion , if Blackwater management arranged for young Iraqi girls to provide oral sex to its employees in exchange for $ 1 , does n't that make Blackwater management a gang of pimps ? "
If you are so disturbed by pimps , Mr. Frey , why are n't you covering this on your blog ?
Why are you not calling for Congress to cut off all further Blackwater funding ?
COMMENT # 114 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/2/2010 @ 9:39 pm PT ...
Patterico wrote :
He represented himself as a banker .
___________________________
What a load of crap !
COMMENT # 115 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/2/2010 @ 9:43 pm PT ...
And where 's your concern for common decency , Patrick , when it comes to the young Iraqi girls who , according to the sworn affidavits of former Blackwater insiders , are not merely being turned into prostitutes but , at $ 1 / a BJ , significantly underpaid prostitutes .
Get out of here with your pseudo morality !
COMMENT # 116 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 3/2/2010 @ 9:44 pm PT ...
re : my own comment @ 103 when I said -- There 's just no fucking way I can do this tonight and in this format .
I need everyone in the same room , an extremely less tired head , to have given all this a whole lot more thought , and for us to have hours together and lots of wine .
I can only dabble tonight , sooo .....
Just read it back in the actual comment section and it's funny how different things can look there .
That sounds incredibly arrogant or presumptuous , as if I could actually work this all out between everyone .
Hah .
What I meant was to have anywhere near any kind of a chance to possibly begin to get an inkling of what I think I 'm seeing across to anyone -- I 'd need all of us drunk , together , and with time on our hands .
Okay , maybe not drunk so much .
Just a little , maybe ...
Good night .
COMMENT # 117 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 3/2/2010 @ 9:48 pm PT ...
re : comment 116 sorry , too stupid arrogant AND presumptuous
COMMENT # 118 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 9:52 pm PT ...
If Blackwater had any hand in child prostitution , I decry it .
HOWEVER : I am not throwing up phony defenses for Blackwater .
My big sin in your eyes is not writing about it .
Well , I am a busy man .
I write about things where I see that my input will add value .
As just another blogger re-reporting the Blackwater story , I would add no value .
As someone debunking the lies of Friedman and Boehlert , I am adding considerable value .
Thousands are seeing the truth from the facts I am setting forth .
Thanks for giving me the chance to reiterate this crucial distinction .
COMMENT # 119 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 9:59 pm PT ...
As a matter of fact , when I try to look at the transcripts from what I make up might be your point of view , I have no trouble at all concluding that they 're posing as a pimp and prostitute and that Acorn is trying to help them .
But as I was just trying to explain to Bluehawk , your way of looking at this is not the only way there is .
I can see other ways .
I can see mine which has its own flavor .
Can we agree on this ?
The only important thing is what the ACORN workers actually knew / intended .
You and I can do our best to interpret that .
But WHAT WE ARE TRYING TO INTERPRET is their intent .
I posit that Giles and O'Keefe were posing as a pimp and prostitute and that Acorn was trying to help them .
As I have also said on the radio , I think that many of the ACORN workers proceeded from a benign motive : let 's not discriminate against criminals , but treat them like humans too .
And help them like we help everyone .
Lavelle Stewart in L.A. seemed particularly sympathetic , as she told Hannah never to give up .
Where that benign motive turned ugly was when the pair began talking about pimping out underaged girls .
And the ACORN workers continued their helpful attitude .
This is what appalled regular Americans .
And you do n't have to twist yourself into some contorted mental position to understand that .
COMMENT # 120 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/2/2010 @ 10:07 pm PT ...
Patterico's dissembling : Patterico quotes the following to Lora : Tonja : so the type of business okay … the type of business of service you provide let me make sure there is a code for it okay O’Keefe : A code for prostitution ?
What Patterico left out : 1 . Although the transcript records conversations with only two ACORN employees , Harshbarger reveals that there were three -- the first being a receptionist who was told by the deceptive duo that Giles was a " dancer " and O'Keefe was a college student .
The transcript reveals the extraordinary efforts by O'Keefe and Giles to conceal just what it is that Giles does until after they secured some useful sound bites : ACORN tax lady :
They pay you with cash .
And they are reporting this to the government ?
Giles :
No who ?
O’Keefe :
The clients .
Giles :
My clients .
Tax lady :
No the person that ’s paying you .
James :
The clients .
Tax lady :
The job that ’s paying you .
Giles :
Well people pay me different things every day .
Tax lady :
Well there ’s a difference between having a job and having your own business .
Okay , so tell me .
Giles :
Well before I guess it was a job .
There was this guy that people would give me money and I would give money to him .
But now …I am trying to get away from that guy .
O’Keefe : I am trying to help her out ; maybe give her a place to go where she can perform her work , maybe a house where she does n’t have to get targeted by this other guy .
You know what I am saying ?
Tax lady : … Does the business have an ID number ?
O’Keefe : No . "
Tax lady : Okay .
So there is no taxes and nothing being put to government so the government really knows nothing about this business ?
Giles : No .
They do n’t know about me --- hopefully .
Tax lady :
So you are just starting the business . "
When this is placed in the context of their initial representation that Giles was a " dancer , " you begin to understand why the ACORN tax lady is having so much trouble making head or tails about just what " business " Giles is actually in .
The transcript captures O'Keefe and Giles , whispering to one another , on how best to entrap this part - time ACORN employee into giving advice on write - offs , etc .
Fourteen pages into the transcript , after these slick hustlers secure a statement that the part - time tax employee is looking for the appropriate code for Giles 's business , O'Keefe blurts out , " There 's a code for prostitution ? " --- a word they had , until then , adroitly avoided .
Yet when they later dubbed the video with voice overs , Giles and O'Keefe used the earlier statements to suggest that they were giving tax advice for prostitution .
They used the same approach with the girls from El Salvador ; stating that they wanted to provide them with " shelter . "
Its only after they secure statements about the possibility of claiming them as dependents that O'Keefe slips in the words " tricks . "
They 're all the way through their charade -- at page 40 of the 46 page transcript when O'Keefe slips in the " we " with regard to the money and mentions using cash for his campaign .
And now , although O'Keefe never said that he would personally take possession of any of the proceeds of the business , Patterico , shockingly dissembles and says that O'Keefe posed as Giles ' " banker . "
Shame on you , Patrick .
COMMENT # 121 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 10:11 pm PT ...
Patterico , shockingly dissembles and says that O'Keefe posed as Giles ' " banker . "
Liar .
I never said that .
He posed as an honest to goodness banker .
At Wells Fargo .
Goddamn you 're a liar .
I 'd love to get you on the radio where we could debate this in real time .
I would eat you for breakfast .
Because you do n't understand the facts .
COMMENT # 122 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/2/2010 @ 10:13 pm PT ...
So are you telling me Patrick that you never wrote about the ACORN sting at your blog until Brad Friedman and Eric Boehlert began challenging its accuracy ?
And you still have n't answered my other questions : Should Congress cut off funding for Blackwater ?
Does your office intend to investigate O'Keefe and Giles for a possible violation of PC 632 ?
COMMENT # 123 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/2/2010 @ 10:25 pm PT ...
Patterico @ 121 wrote : Patterico , shockingly dissembles and says that O'Keefe posed as Giles ' " banker . "
Liar .
I never said that .
He posed as an honest to goodness banker .
At Wells Fargo .
_____________________
Patterico @ 112 wrote :
He represented himself as a banker and as her boyfriend , trying to help her escape an abusive pimp .
_____________________________
Oh , and Patrick , I re-read your entire post # 112 .
You do n't mention the word Wells Fargo a single time in that post .
Care to apologize ?
Or are you going to give me a Hoyt ; stating that since you said , " He represented himself as a banker and as her boyfriend , " you did not mean at the same time .
COMMENT # 124 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 10:26 pm PT ...
The first post on my site that I can find that I personally wrote about ACORN was this one , criticizing the L.A. Times 's coverage of the scandal .
I see many posts on the scandal before that from my guest blogger DRJ .
Me , I do n't too exercised about reporting day - to - day news .
I went into overdrive when I saw O'Keefe smeared by Big Media and by you assholes , yeah .
That 's where I add value .
COMMENT # 125 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 10:29 pm PT ...
Oh , and Patrick , I re-read your entire post # 112 .
You do n't mention the word Wells Fargo a single time in that post .
hahahahahahahahaha Goddamn you 're an idiot .
No , I did n't , ERNIE .
I said he was a banker .
Later , when you claimed ( falsely ) I had said that he was GILES'S banker ( which I never did ) I said , no , moron , he said he was a banker .
At Wells Fargo .
THIS is your idea of a gotcha ?
PLEASE , PLEASE come on the radio with me .
You are so , so , very stupid .
I would mop the floor with you .
Mop. The .
Floor .
COMMENT # 126 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/2/2010 @ 10:31 pm PT ...
And Patrick , if you concede that O'Keefe simply posed as her " boyfriend , " how do you square that with posed as a " pimp . "
Damn this guy wore a lot of hats , 22 year old banker , boyfriend , law student , politician , pimp .
COMMENT # 127 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 10:32 pm PT ...
Care to apologize ?
Or are you going to give me a Hoyt ; stating that since you said , " He represented himself as a banker and as her boyfriend , " you did not mean at the same time .
I did mean both at the same time .
He said he was a banker .
He said he was her boyfriend .
At the same time .
Which does not mean he was HER banker , idiot .
That 's your idiot gloss , which you idiotically imported all on your own , in an idiotic attempt at a gotcha .
I lack words to express my contempt for you .
COMMENT # 128 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/2/2010 @ 10:34 pm PT ...
And Patrick , if you concede that O'Keefe simply posed as her " boyfriend , " how do you square that with posed as a " pimp . "
Uh , pimps are also boyfriends of the prostitutes ?
Idiot ?
You never heard of that ?
I wear a lot of hats .
Father .
Husband .
D.A. Blogger .
Music lover .
Debunker of morons like you .
ALL AT THE SAME TIME !!!
AMAZING !!!!
COMMENT # 129 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/2/2010 @ 10:50 pm PT ...
Okay , smart guy .
I need a bit of help here .
I went back over the entire Baltimor
http://www.ruairiglynn.co.uk
The Sultan ’s Elephant is a fairy - tale for adults and children alike , and features a vast , moving , wooden elephant , 42 tons in weight , and the height of a three - storey house .
The mechanoid elephant will make slow but steady progress around Westminster ’s streets for four days in May .
The spectacle is the work of French company Royal de Luxe and will appear on the streets of London as the biggest piece of free theatre ever staged in the capital .
Royal de Luxe has performed all over the world and are particularly known for a series of extraordinary shows involving gigantic , moving figures up to forty feet high .
more images
