Movie - Plot Threats in the Guardian
We spend far more effort defending our countries against specific movie - plot threats , rather than the real , broad threats .
In the US during the months after the 9/11 attacks , we feared terrorists with scuba gear , terrorists with crop dusters and terrorists contaminating our milk supply .
Both the UK and the US fear terrorists with small bottles of liquid .
Our imaginations run wild with vivid specific threats .
Before long , we ’re envisioning an entire movie plot , without Bruce Willis saving the day .
And we ’re scared .
It ’s not just terrorism ; it ’s any rare risk in the news .
The big fear in Canada right now , following a particularly gruesome incident , is random decapitations on intercity buses .
In the US , fears of school shootings are much greater than the actual risks .
In the UK , it ’s child predators .
And people all over the world mistakenly fear flying more than driving .
But the very definition of news is something that hardly ever happens .
If an incident is in the news , we should n’t worry about it .
It ’s when something is so common that its no longer news – car crashes , domestic violence – that we should worry .
But that ’s not the way people think .
Psychologically , this makes sense .
We are a species of storytellers .
We have good imaginations and we respond more emotionally to stories than to data .
We also judge the probability of something by how easy it is to imagine , so stories that are in the news feel more probable – and ominous – than stories that are not .
As a result , we overreact to the rare risks we hear stories about , and fear specific plots more than general threats .
The problem with building security around specific targets and tactics is that its only effective if we happen to guess the plot correctly .
If we spend billions defending the Underground and terrorists bomb a school instead , we ’ve wasted our money .
If we focus on the World Cup and terrorists attack Wimbledon , we ’ve wasted our money .
It ’s this fetish - like focus on tactics that results in the security follies at airports .
We ban guns and knives , and terrorists use box -cutters .
We take away box - cutters and corkscrews , so they put explosives in their shoes .
We screen shoes , so they use liquids .
We take away liquids , and they ’re going to do something else .
Or they ’ll ignore airplanes entirely and attack a school , church , theatre , stadium , shopping mall , airport terminal outside the security area , or any of the other places where people pack together tightly .
These are stupid games , so let ’s stop playing .
Some high - profile targets deserve special attention and some tactics are worse than others .
Airplanes are particularly important targets because they are national symbols and because a small bomb can kill everyone aboard .
Seats of government are also symbolic , and therefore attractive , targets .
But targets and tactics are interchangeable .
The following three things are true about terrorism .
One , the number of potential terrorist targets is infinite .
Two , the odds of the terrorists going after any one target is zero .
And three , the cost to the terrorist of switching targets is zero .
We need to defend against the broad threat of terrorism , not against specific movie plots .
Security is most effective when it does n’t require us to guess .
We need to focus resources on intelligence and investigation : identifying terrorists , cutting off their funding and stopping them regardless of what their plans are .
We need to focus resources on emergency response : lessening the impact of a terrorist attack , regardless of what it is .
And we need to face the geopolitical consequences of our foreign policy .
In 2006 , UK police arrested the liquid bombers not through diligent airport security , but through intelligence and investigation .
It did n’t matter what the bombers ’ target was .
It did n’t matter what their tactic was .
They would have been arrested regardless .
That ’s smart security .
Now we confiscate liquids at airports , just in case another group happens to attack the exact same target in exactly the same way .
That ’s just illogical .
This essay originally appeared in The Guardian .
Nothing I have n’t already said elsewhere .
Posted on September 4 , 2008 at 5:56 AM • 49 Comments
DECEMBER 12 -- After a trio of Ohio women was busted earlier this week following a botched robbery attempt , cops searched the group 's getaway car and discovered printed instructions downloaded from the Internet that detailed ' How To Commit Armed Robbery In Six Easy Steps . '
The seized instructions , a copy of which you 'll find here , were printed Monday morning at 10:16 , about 11 hours before the women sought to hold up the Dollar Tree store in Bedford Heights .
When a manager claimed that she could not open the store safe , the alleged robbers -- Jocelyn Addison , 19 ; Nia McBrayer , 21 ; and Jenniffer Watson , 18 - - departed empty - handed .
Though the downloaded list was clearly written tongue - in - cheek , the suspects , who had masks , a plan , and a bb gun , apparently followed some of its suggestions .
According to a December 8 Bedford Police Department report , Addison , McBrayer , and Watson were apprehended in a vehicle about a mile from the convenience store .
Each woman was charged with robbery .
( 5 pages )
Six months ago , China suffered its worst earthquake in a generation .
The magnitude 8.0 Sichuan Earthquake erased many mountain towns and villages from the face of the map , with destruction radiating outward leaving millions homeless , over 300,000 injured , nearly 70,000 dead , and over 18,000 people still listed as missing .
Now , as winter approaches , reconstruction is well under way , with priority placed on building houses for survivors still living in temporary tents .
China 's government has pledged nearly $ 150 billion over three years toward the reconstruction effort - including new schools which will be built to the highest standards , after government officials admitted some blame for the shodddy construction of hundreds of schools that collapsed in last May 's quake , killing up to 10,000 children .
[ Previously on The Big Picture : Earthquake Damage in Beichuan County After the Quake ] ( 32 photos total
BT has banned all future discussion of Phorm and its " WebWise " targeted advertising product on its customer forums , and deleted all past threads about the controversy dating back to February .
Subscribers to BT 's broadband packages had used the BT Beta forums to criticise its relationship with Phorm and raise concerns about the technical implications of ISPs wiretapping their customers .
On Tuesday however , BT decided it had had enough and posted this statement :
Our broadband support forums are designed to be a place where customers can discuss technical support issues and offer solutions .
To ensure that the forums remain constructive we 're tightening up our moderation policies and will be deleting threads that do n't provide constructive support .
For example , we have removed a number of forum discussions about BT Webwise .
If you do want to find out more about BT Webwise , we provide lots of information and the facility to contact us at www.bt.com/webwise.
We hope you 'll continue to enjoy being part of the support community .
A first thread on WebWise extended to almost 200 pages , before being closed in late September when BT 's third trial of the system began .
It was still available to read however and a new thread was started by BT Beta moderators , which continued until yesterday .
All record of either has now been removed .
Adam Liversage , BT 's chief press officer , told The Register : " The reason why we 've done this is that the point of the forums is technical support and the WebWise threads were n't appropriate . "
He said the fact that BT had chosen not only to close the threads but delete them entirely was insignificant .
" It does n't matter either way because the people who are following this will have the threads backed up in multiple copies , " he said .
Asked whether forum users can expect more threads that BT considers inappropriate to be deleted , Liversage said : " I think they can , yeah . "
It 's not the first time the companies at the centre of the row have tried to censor their critics .
In April Phorm said an attempt to remove some uncomfortable facts from its Wikipedia entry was the work of its own public relations people . ®
( Adds detail , comment from Hedge Fund Standards Board )
LONDON , Dec 15 ( Reuters ) - Hedge fund trade association the Alternative Investment Management Association ( Aima ) called on Monday for restitution for investors caught out by an alleged $ 50 billion fraud at New York hedge fund firm Madoff Securities .
“ Clearly , lessons must be learned , restitution must be secured for investors , and processes / safeguards must be improved to prevent such a situation recurring , ” said a spokesman for the association , which is based in London but has 1,280 members worldwide .
A growing list of the world 's big banks and financial institutions including Royal Bank of Scotland RBS.L , France 's Natixis and Japan 's Nomura 8604.
T have been lining up to acknowledge multimillion dollar exposure to Madoff funds .
Bernard Madoff was arrested and charged on Thursday with allegedly running a $ 50 billion “ Ponzi scheme ” in what may rank among the biggest fraud cases ever .
A Ponzi scheme pays profits to early investors from money received from later entrants and needs an accelerating stream of new investors to keep running .
Aima , alongside its U.S. - based counterpart the Managed Funds Association ( MFA ) , has been at the forefront of hedge fund industry efforts to devise a voluntary code of conduct to head off an expected increase in regulation .
It called the allegations of fraud at Madoff Securities an “ extraordinary situation ” , but the revelations will likely add to pressure on regulators for stricter oversight of the industry as a whole .
For decades the $ 1.5 trillion hedge fund industry has avoided the strict rules imposed on mutual funds as their managers argued that their clients were wealthier , more savvy investors who required less protection .
Antonio Borges , chairman of the Hedge Fund Standards Board set up to oversee application of voluntary industry guidelines , said : “ The Madoff scandal highlights just how important it is to have independence of process in relation to administration of the fund and the valuation process .
“ It also highlights the need for robust governance practices and oversight via independent boards , which will challenge management procedures and behaviour , ” he said in a statement issued on Monday .
( Reporting by Joel Dimmock , editing by Will Waterman )
TSA Aiding Luggage Thieves
In this story about luggage stealing at Los Angeles International Airport , we find this interesting paragraph :
They both say there are organized rings of thieves , who identify valuables in your checked luggage by looking at the TSA x-ray screens , then communicate with baggage handlers by text or cell phone , telling them exactly what to look for .
Someone should investigate the extent to which the TSA ’s security measures facilitate crime .
Posted on December 2 , 2008 at 2:15 PM • 60 Comments
A Saharawi fighter on May 20 , 2008 , at a parade
to mark 35th anniversary of the Polisario Front .
Photo by EPA / MOHAMED MESSARA .
By Margarita Windisch
[ Read more on the Western Saharan people 's struggle HERE . ]
Spain colonised Western Sahara and its mostly nomadic people in 1884 claiming it as a protectorate of the Spanish Crown .
Spanish rule over Western Sahara was codified in Berlin in 1885 , where Africa was carved up among the European powers .
The period of Spanish rule was marked by ongoing resistance , revolts and armed clashes with the indigenous population , with its liberation movements being brutally repressed by the Spanish authorities .
A 1966 UN resolution called for Saharawi people ’s right to self - determination to be exercised via a referendum which never eventuated .
The lack of political developments led to the formation of Popular Front for the Liberation of Saguia el Hamra and Rio de Oro ( the Polisario Front ) in 1973 .
Polisario was conceived as a nationalist front with the aim of achieving independence , and encompassed all Saharawi political trends .
Polisario launched a guerrilla war against Spanish rule , fought Mauritania ’s occupation of part of Western Sahara ( from 1975 to 1979 ) and Morocco ’s occupation from its invasion in 1975 until 1991 .
In 1975 Spain relinquished its control of Western Sahara and , contrary to 1966 UN resolution for self - determination , handed Western Sahara over to Mauritania and Morocco ( the Madrid Accords ) .
The same year , the Morocco regime organised the ``Green March ’’ , in which 350,000 Moroccans , brandishing flags and pictures of King Hassan II , invaded Western Sahara in order to settle and ``reclaim the territory ’’.
This strategic march was supported by 20,000 Moroccan troops , who were met with some armed resistance from Polisario .
November 6 , the day of the “ Green March ” , has become a national holiday in Morocco .
Morocco and Mauritania ’s war against Polisario was financially supported by the US , France and Spain to the tune of billions of dollars .
Apart from engaging in aerial bombardment , which included napalm and cluster bombs , Morocco started to build a 2500 - kilometre - long , heavily mined wall through Western Sahara , dividing almost every Saharawi family .
( For a detailed map of Western Sahara and the Moroccan wall , visit http://awsa.org.au/wp-content/uploads/2006/12/wsahara.pdf.)
On February 27 , 1976 , Polisario proclaimed the Saharawi Arab Democratic Republic ( SADR ) , which is a full member state of the African Union .
While Morocco ’s occupation is not officially recognised by any other country in the world , around 50 governments recognise the SADR and its government - in - exile , led by the Polisario Front ; 13 have suspended relations with Morocco and 22 have cancelled recognition .
The SADR was the first country to establish relations with East Timor .
The SADR and Polisario currently control 32 % of Western Sahara ’s territory ; the remaining 68 % are resource rich and occupied by Morocco .
Ceasefire , referendum and international abandonment
A 1991 ceasefire , overseen by a UN peacekeeping mission , ended the armed conflict but the Saharawi people are still waiting for a UN - sponsored referendum on self - determination that was supposed to take place in 1992 .
The frustration at the lack of progress and lack of support from the international community for a political solution to the conflict is palpable , especially among Saharawi youth .
As SADR health minister Sid'Ahmed Tayeb told the Australian delegation to the October 2008 International Trade Union Conference in Solidarity with the Western Saharan Workers ( see http://links.org.au/node/750), “ we are living between existence and non-existence ” .
* * * * Finding this article thought - provoking and useful ?
Please subscribe free at http://www.feedblitz.com/f/?Sub=343373
Help Links stay afloat .
Donate what you can by clicking HERE .
* * * *
The Saharawi people have been left to their own devices , due to the fact that Morocco has very powerful allies , such as the US , Spain and France .
The Spanish king regularly spends his vacations with the Moroccan king .
A landmark advisory ruling by the International Court of Justice in 1975 , recognising the right of self - determination by the Saharawi people , was rendered useless because France and the United States blocked the Security Council from enforcing its resolutions .
Both governments sought to undermine growing communist and radical Arab nationalist movements during the Cold War by strengthening the reactionary Moroccan monarchy .
In more recent years Morocco has become the darling of the West and is friends with Israel , due to its status as a ``moderate Muslim nation ’’ and an important ally in the struggle against Islamist extremism .
In 2006 Morocco proposed an autonomy plan for Western Sahara based on the assumption that Western Sahara was part of Morocco , an assertion that has been rejected on numerous occasions by the UN , the World Court and the African Union ( see http://www.gees.org/articulo/2772).
The European Union is currently in negotiations with Morocco on granting it ``Advanced Status ’’ relations with its 27 - member bloc .
Western Sahara has appealed to the European Union not to grant Advanced Status to Morocco unless the occupied part of Western Sahara is excluded from cooperation agreement ( see http://www.wsrw.org/index.php?parse_news=single&cat=105&art=924).
Granting such status to Morocco while it continues to occupy Western Sahara will give legitimacy to the Moroccan military occupation and its claims over the territory .
Theft of Saharawi natural resources
Many Western governments and companies , including Australia ’s , are knowingly engaged in the theft of the Saharawi people ’s natural resources , through lucrative trade deals with Morocco .
Western Sahara has high - grade phosphate mineral rock , excellent fishing grounds and offshore oil exploration is being conducted ( for more information see www.awsa.org or www.wsrw.org).
As a matter of fact , under the 1975 Madrid Accords , Spain was given a 35 per cent stake in the Western Saharan Bu Craa phosphate mine , which is continuing to deliver a profit bonanza to the former colonial power until 2003 .
In the game of ``Realpolitik ’’ it is of no relevance to Western governments that Morocco has been condemned many times for its torture , disappearance and arrest of Saharawis in Morocco proper and in the occupied territories , as well as for its repression against its own population and trade union activists .
Refugees
Approximately half the Saharawi people live in refugee camps , which have now existed for 33 years , in the Hamada desert near the Algerian military town of Tindouf .
Nearly all Saharawi men participated in the resistance war .
Apart from some women who joined their menfolk in armed combat , most Saharawi women walked hundreds of kilometres with their children through the desert to escape Morocco ’s bombardment and napalm , to reach safe haven in south - west Algeria .
There the women miraculously built refugee camps with social institutions out of virtually nothing .
The mainly nomadic Saharawi society had to undergo a rapid and massive transformation to adapt to incredibly inhumane conditions and to develop new ways of organising their society in order to survive ( for more detailed information , visit http://www.arso.org/05-0.htm#Anchore).
Saharawi refugees have lived on emergency food and humanitarian aid for 33 years , which has resulted in high levels of malnutrition and anaemia .
A 2007 UN - funded report found that more than 76 % of pregnant women and 68 % of children under the age of five suffered from anemia .
The 2003 report , Forgotten People : The Saharawis of Western Sahara , by Refugees International states that nearly half of Saharawi kids suffer from anemia , many have stunted growth with 13 per cent are acutely malnourished ( http://www.arso.org/01-e03-07.htm).
Due to the harsh terrain of the camp locations , combined with shrinking financial support from donor governments and organisations , supplementing the current food aid with necessary nutrition for a balanced diet is nearly impossible .
At the same time the situation in Saharawi camps is uniquely positive and a testimony to human capabilities in the face of adversity .
The Saharawi government , together with foreign specialists , is trying to address these problems to the best of its ability .
The SADR government and Polisario run the camps through social and political institutions , giving control , cohesiveness , dignity and hope to its people .
The four camps are organised into districts ( wilayas ) named after towns in Western Sahara : El Aaiun , Smara , Dahkla and Aousserd .
Each camp is further divided into villages ( daira ) .
There are also two administrative camps ( Rabouni and 27 February ) that house the government in exile , with police stations , courts and schools .
Health and education are the top priority in the camps , achieving amazing results .
There is a national hospital in the 27 February camp ; Saharawis have not suffered a major health epidemic for more than 20 years .
The literacy rate is over 90 per cent , a complete turnaround from 1975 when 95 % of Saharawis could neither read nor write .
At the same time , the director the national hospital told us during our visit , they still have not received the allocation of medications for 2008 , which has dangerously depleting important stocks .
There was no anti-diarrhea medication available at the time for children under five years of age .
Even though temperatures can reach a searing 58 degrees Celsius in summer and fall to minus 6 degrees C in winter , there is no mass exodus from the camps to migrate to Europe , instead an incredibly strong sentiment is expressed about being able to return to their occupied country .
Every week young people arrive in the camps , fleeing Morocco ’s repression in the occupied territories .
Saharawis are excluded from many jobs and educational opportunities and face relentless discrimination and harassment by the Moroccan state .
Morocco ’s security forces especially target young people , who are spearheading the resistance ( intifada ) .
Torture and detention , even of 14 - year - old women , is common , as is the disappearance of journalists and other activists .
It is just about impossible to be granted entry to the occupied territories , unless you pretend to be a tourist , keen to do a bit of surfing ( see http://www.upes.org).
International solidarity
The Saharawi people in the camps , their brothers and sisters in the occupied territories and in the diaspora are desperately hoping for an end to the conflict so they can return to their beloved homeland .
Our solidarity is crucial for their right to live as a nation and continue their existence as a distinct people with thousands of years of history .
[ This backgrounder was complied thanks to resources provided by ARSO ( http://www.arso.org), the Australia Western Sahara Association ( http://awsa.org.au) and Western Sahara Resource Watch ( http://www.wsrw.org).
Margarita Windisch was a member the three - person delegation of Australian trade unionists who attended the 6th Congress of the Western Sahara General Union of Saguia El Hamra and Rio de Oro Workers ( UGTSARIO ) and the International Trade Union Conference in Solidarity with the Western Saharan Workers , in October 2008 , in El Aaiun , one of four Saharawi refugee camps in the Hamada desert in south - west Algeria .
Windisch is also a leading member of the Democratic Socialist Perspective , a Marxist organisation affiliated to the Socialist Alliance of Australia . ]
Mr Villehuchet was found dead in his 22nd floor office on Madison Avenue
A French investment manager who put $ 1.4bn ( £ 1 bn ) into Bernard Madoff 's fraud - hit scheme has killed himself in his New York office , police said .
Rene - Thierry Magon de la Villehuchet , 65 , was found sitting at his desk with both wrists slashed , New York police spokesman Paul Browne said .
A bottle of pills was found near him , but there was no suicide note .
Mr Madoff is accused of running a $ 50 bn ( £ 34bn ) Ponzi scheme that wiped out investors around the world .
Big funds like Mr Villehuchet 's were especially hard hit .
Paris newspaper La Tribune said he spent the past week trying " day and night to find a way to recoup his investors ' money " .
Mr Villehuchet , who was married without children , was co-founder of money manager Access International .
Legal case
Mr Madoff 's fraud has ensnared Wall Street investors and charities around the world , although the full extent of the losses is as yet unknown .
Mr Madoff is under house arrest while an investigation is underway
He is under house arrest in his Manhattan apartment , and his assets have been frozen .
Another investor who gave Mr Madoff $ 2 m ( £ 1.35 m ) to manage has taken legal action against US financial regulators .
Phyllis Molchatsky , a 61 - year - old retiree from New York , is seeking $ 1.7 m in damages from the US Securities and Exchange Commission .
It is believed to be the first attempt by an investor to recover losses from the SEC .
Free Invoice Templates by InvoiceBerry
It ’s almost a given nowadays : most small business owners and freelancers are great at what they do .
But when it comes to taking care of their ..
Under the ironic headline “ God Damn The God Damn Liberal Media ” ( A Tiny Revolution , 11/20/08 ) , Jonathan Schwarz points out an astonishing quote
from Scott Horton ‘s new article in Harper ‘s on creating some kind of accountability for the torture conducted by the Bush administration ( subscription required ) : [ I ] n a 2006 radio interview , Dick Cheney said simply that the use of waterboarding to obtain intelligence was a “ no - brainer . ”
Cheney at the time declined to refer to this practice as torture , preferring instead to describe it as “ robust interrogation , ” and that reluctance has been echoed in the press .
I myself was twice warned by PBS producers , in advance of appearances on the Newshour with Jim Lehrer , that I could use the word “ torture ” in the abstract but that I was to refrain from applying it to the administration ’s policies .
And after an interview with CNN in which I spoke of the administration ’s torture policy , I was told by the producer , “ ThatÃ ƒ Æ ’Â ¢ÃƒÂ ¢ ” Å¡Â¬ÃƒÂ ¢ ” Å ¾ Â¢s okay for CNN International , but we canÃ ƒ Æ ’Â ¢ÃƒÂ ¢ ” Å¡ Â¬ÃƒÂ ¢ ” Å ¾ Â¢t use it on the domestic feed . ”
Schwarz closes , sarcastically : “ As always , the question remains : why is the major U.S. media so incredibly left - wing ? ”
Read FAIR ’s magazine Extra ! : “ From Water Torture to ‘ Waterboarding ’ : Media Rehabilitate Torture as Aquatic Sport ” ( 5-6/08 ) by Isabel Macdonald
Back in March , we first told you about “ mirdles , ” or man girdles .
But we only concocted a mere photo - illustration to demonstrate our point , a rendering of the possibilities that could come from Man Spanx .
Today , that changed .
Ahoy , LumbarWear !
The Barcelona - based company created two versions for men : a boxer brief ( left ) and a regular brief ( right ) .
Just take a look at the photos above .
They are bulging with “ personality . ”
And though the description of LumbarWear pushes for this to be a “ compression ” product specialized for back pain , we can read through the marketing enough to see it ’s clearly for those men who care more about compressing their spare tires .
For $ 60 on TaylorGifts.com , you can snag a pair of your own .
And you thought holiday shopping was going to be difficult .
Earlier : Man Girdles Are All the Rage
Free Shipping Day Thursday December 18th
Today is the first annual Free Shipping Day , with more than 200 online retailers offering free shipping and guaranteed delivery by Christmas .
If you are a procrastinator , Thursday , December 18 - Free Shipping Day , may be your last chance to save some money this holiday season and ensure your gifts arrive in time for Christmas .
FreeShippingDay.com has a list of participating merchants , including Crate & Barrel , Macy's , J.Crew , Ralph Lauren , Pottery Barn and Sephora .
Be sure to check minimum order requirements and location restrictions .
The Good , the Bad and the Ugly 12/15/2008
Photos of Miley Cyrus at her very first photo shoot - Anything Hollywood
Naomi Watts has another baby boy - Celeb Warship
Madonna and Guy to do Christmas together for the children - Celebitchy
Carmen Electra in her Playboy bunny outfit - Celebridiot
Who is Danielle Llyod supposed to be ?
- Celebrity Dirty Laundry
Kanye West SNL video - Celebrity Smack
Paris Hilton is still trying to tell the world how smart she is - Daily Stab
Sheen / Richards children doing good after accident - Dirty Dirt Dirt
Heidi Montag and Spencer Pratt spend their weekend posing - Gabby Babble
Video : Ellen and Portia selling art from their car ?
- Geno's World
What you might not know about Tom Cruise - Hollywire
Find out who wants Amy Winehouse 's dealer taken out - Hollywood Backwash
Twilight sequel to be directed by Chris Weitz - Hot Momma Gossip
Britney Spears wants Madonna to join her now on tour - Starpulse
Sexy male calendar from the Mormons ?
Go ahead check it out - Stupid Celebrities
It is not a written list
but it is in my head ; something I think about most days
It is not something I share with others
because I think people would think it is odd
It is not a hobby , not something that I build or collect
but I spend time with it and make time for it
I hear people say that someone might have skeltons in their closet
We all know that is nonsense , when there are so many empty fields
Twiggy at the New York Boat show Dec.08 Twiggy 's Bio ;
There are a half dozen legislative bills and two citizens ' initiatives aimed at either banning or restricting photo enforcement on Arizona roadways .
Talk - radio hosts and bloggers can't get enough of the topic .
And even Gov. Jan Brewer has said she constantly hears complaints about photo enforcement .
So do most Arizonans really loathe the cameras ?
Maybe not .
A recent poll by Public Opinion Strategies showed that 63 percent of the Arizona voters surveyed believe the state Department of Public Safety should continue its statewide photo speed - enforcement program .
The telephone survey included 500 registered voters and was conducted Jan. 13 - 14 .
One important note :
The survey was paid for by Scottsdale - based American Traffic Solutions Inc. , which makes red - light and speed - enforcement cameras - mostly for cities and counties .
Redflex , another Scottsdale company , is contracted to operate the cameras for DPS .
However , the poll did address photo - enforcement cameras on a city and county level :
The survey showed 69 percent of those polled want the cities and counties using speed cameras to continue their programs .
And 84 percent say their city police departments should continue using red - light cameras .
Jim Burton , who conducted the poll , said that the survey included a random sample stratified by county and demographically representative of state voters .
" We set quotas by county , gender and a quota on younger and older voters to make sure no age group was over or underrepresented , " he said .
Chief Yahoo David Filo
Source : Yahoo
SUNNYVALE , Calif . -
You might say hacking has come full circle for Yahoo .
The venerable Web site started as a kind of " hack , " a way for Stanford Ph.D. students David Filo and Jerry Yang to provide a guide to the emerging World Wide Web back in 1994 .
" The site was originally named ' Jerry 's Guide to the World Wide Web ' , according to the company 's Wikipedia entry .
Later , Wikipedia says Filo and Yang selected Yahoo because they liked the word 's general definition , which comes from " Gulliver 's Travels " by Jonathan Swift : " rude , unsophisticated , uncouth . "
Fast forward to 2008 and here is Yahoo ( NASDAQ : YHOO ) sponsoring the second Open Hack day on its Silicon Valley campus since the first one in 2006 ( there have also been a few others outside the U.S. ) .
Open Hack , which started last Friday afternoon , is a 24 - hour " hack - a - thon " of program sharing and competition .
The aim is to help developers exchange and present ideas for improving the myriad of sites and services that fall under the Yahoo banner .
The first Yahoo Hack day was actually in 2004 , but it was an internal affair , limited to Yahoo employees .
The event also fits with Yahoo's recent open campaign that emphasizes the company 's commitment to being an open platform .
There are n't lawyers , marketers or recruiters roaming the Open Hack ; rather , the idea is to let outside developers mingle freely with Yahoo's own programming talent in an open , interactive way .
" What you can do in a day is pretty limited , " David Filo , Chief Yahoo at the company he co-founded , told InternetNews.com .
" The code is n't that valuable , it 's the ideas and the relationships formed that are important . "
More than 330 developers participated and some 47 " hacks " were submitted and demoed on Saturday afternoon .
A list of participants and winners can be se en here .
Filo said Open Hack is another example of how Yahoo is transforming from the early days , when it was known as an Internet portal or more of a closed destination site .
" I see Yahoo shrinking in some sense as an end all , be all site , " he said .
" Now it 's become more of a platform on the Internet that other can build on . "
One of the latest examples is BOSS , the ' Build Your Own Search Service ' Yahoo released in July .
Essentially , BOSS opens up Yahoo's search infrastructure as a kind of development platform for others to innovate on .
Eventually ' BOSS - powered ' sites will feature ads from Yahoo's network and a revenue share program , but for now the goal is to spawn new kinds of search services based on Yahoo 's technology and go from here .
The services built on BOSS wo n't actually say BOSS - powered or have Yahoo's logo ; the idea is for them to succeed or fail on their own merits .
" The bottom line is we do n't know what to expect , but we think it will be interesting , " said Filo .
One example , is Cluuz , a new search service in beta that displays photos in results and automatically extracts people , companies , phone numbers , emails , addresses and domains .
Cluuz also offers a semantic graphical view of your results , giving you a quick overview of how different results are related .
Chrome and catering to developers
Filo and other Yahoo personnel spoke to a group of press late Friday afternoon on a variety of topics kicking off Open Hack 2008 .
For one , Yahoo confirmed it has no plans to create a browser like the one released by its Silicon Valley rival Google ( NASDAQ : GOOG ) .
" We looked at doing our own browser , but it 's a very crowded market and we did n't see where we could add value , " said Ash Patel , executive vice president of Yahoo's Audience Product division .
He also said Yahoo was " happy " to see Chrome released because it increases competition .
Filo said Yahoo has always taken the approach that it should work across all browsers .
Chris Yeh , who heads
Yahoo's developer network , said his group is working hard to standardize the tools or methodology for developing for Yahoo .
" As a company , we grew up in so many different silos , " he said , noting the additional challenge of incorporating companies Yahoo's acquired that used different tools .
No Time To Die producer teases James Bond books link PLUS how movie ‘ ties up loose ends ’
NO TIME TO DIE producer Barbara Broccoli has teased how Daniel Craig 's new 007 movie has James Bond book references and that it will tie up loose ends .
CLUB DEFENDED State Rep. Donald Humason , a member of the Westfield Sportsman 's Club , says no one at the club knew it was illegal for someone under 18 to shoot a machine gun during a club event .
Story on MassLive .
This is a 1:15 p.m. update of a story originally posted at 11:21 this morning .
By BUFFY SPENCER
bspencer@repub.com
SPRINGFIELD - Pelham Police Chief Edward Fleury was indicted for involuntary manslaughter Thursday for his role in the death of an 8 - year - old Connecticut boy who shot himself accidentally at a Westfield gun show in October .
Also indicted for involuntary manslaughter was the Westfield Sportsman 's Club , where the death occurred , and two other individuals , identified in court records as Carl Giuffre , of Hartford , and Domenico Spano of New Milford , Conn .
Fleury and the sportsman 's club were each also indicted on four counts of furnishing a machine gun to a person under 18 .
Christopher K. Bizilj of Ashford , Conn. , died from a head wound after he lost control of a Micro UZI submachine gun as he fired it during the gun show on Oct. 26 .
COP Firearms & Training , a private company owned by Fleury , co-sponsored the gun show .
Hampden District Attorney William M. Bennett said Giuffre and Spano supplied the machine guns used at the sportman 's club , but he said Fleury had assured them the action was legal .
Bennett conducted a press conference on the incident late Thursday morning .
Bennett said no indictments were sought against Charles Bizilj , Christopher 's father , who selected the gun that caused the fatality for his son .
Bennett said , " The father will be punished every day of the rest of his life . "
Charles Bizilj apparently selected the gun because of its small size and did not realize that would make it more dangerous , Bennett said .
He said that the men indicted will not be arrested but will be summonsed into court .
The arraignment date has not been set yet .
Bennett said that Fleury is still a police chief .
He referred questions about Fleury 's status to the town of Pelham .
Fleury dropped out of sight after the accident .
He initially took vacation time , but Kim Leahey , administrative assistant to the Board of Selectmen , said that Fleury is now on paid sick leave and the town has received no date for his return .
There was on answer at Fleury 's house in Pelham Thursday , and two " no trespassing " signs are posted at the entrance to the driveway .
He has declined to speak with reporters since the shooting , opting instead to release a statement through his lawyers expressing sorrow for the accident , and pledging his cooperation with the investigation .
The only public comment from selectmen came on Oct. 30 when board Chairman William R. Martell read a statement stressing that Fleury was not acting as a town employee in his role at the expo .
" It was not an event sponsored by , or in any way sanctioned by the town of Pelham , its police department , or the selectmen , " Martell said at that time .
Leahey said Thursday that selectmen will have no comment on Fleury 's indictment until the board consults with its legal counsel .
No meeting has been scheduled with town counsel .
Indictments in machine gun death of 8 - year - old
Bennett said that he believed the fact that Fleury is a police chief contributed to other participants and organizers belief that what they were doing was not prohibited by law .
" A Micro Uzi is made by and for the Israeli Armed Forces and is intended to meet the needs of the Israeli Special Forces , " Bennett said .
" It is not a hunting weapon . "
The small size of the weapon together with its rapid rate of fire makes it more likely that an 8 - year - old would lose control and the muzzle would turn close to his face , Bennett said .
He said Christopher weighed 66 pounds and was 4 ' 11 " tall .
Spano is from Milford , Conn. , and Giuffre is from Hartford , Conn .
The indictments against the club do not list any individuals .
Bennett said that would mean there would be no imprisonment possibility , but the law allows for a significant fine , up to $ 10,000 for each count of furnishing weapons to minors .
Bennett said that the advertisement for the event said minors could shoot , without setting any age limits .
He said that although the flyer said the participants would be supervised , Christopher was being supervised by a 15 - year - old who was knowledgeable about guns but not certified .
Although the indictments name four minors to whom guns were furnished , Bennett said it is clear that more minors were involved .
He said there were four indictments because that seemed a sufficient number and he had the proof necessary for probable cause .
The maximum sentence for furnishing the machine guns is 10 years and for involuntary manslaughter is 20 years , Bennett said .
There is no minimum mandatory sentence .
He said there is no exception to the law allowing the furnishing of the guns with parental consent .
Bennett said that it has become clear that there is a widespread misunderstanding about what is allowed .
He said he has been in touch with Kevin M. Burke , Secretary of Public Safety , and he expects additional guidelines will be issued to prevent such events happening again .
Two of the minors listed in the indictments for furnishing the guns are only identified by initials .
In addition to Christopher Bizilj , the other name in one of four indictments is listed as Colin Bizilj .
More details in The Republican tomorrow .
Personal information detailing intimate aspects of the lives of every British citizen is to be handed over to government agencies under sweeping new powers .
The measure , which will give ministers the right to allow all public bodies to exchange sensitive data with each other , is expected to be rushed through Parliament in a Bill to be published tomorrow .
The new legislation would deny MPs a full vote on such data - sharing .
Instead , ministers could authorise the swapping of information between councils , the police , NHS trusts , the Inland Revenue , education authorities , the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Authority , the Department for Work and Pensions and other ministries .
Opponents of the move accused the Government of bringing in by stealth a data - sharing programme that exposed everyone to the dangers of a Big Brother state and one of the most intrusive personal databases in the world .
The new law would remove the right to protection against misuse of information by thousands of unaccountable civil servants , they added .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Thomas Hammarberg , the Council of Europe 's commissioner for human rights , said he believed Britain had gone too far in helping to bring about a " surveillance society " .
In a report drawing on personal data infringements across Europe but " inspired " by Britain 's plan for a new internet , email and telephone database , he added : " General surveillance raises serious democratic problems which are not answered by the repeated assertion that those who have nothing to hide have nothing to fear .
This puts the onus in the wrong place : it should be for states to justify the interferences they seek to make on privacy rights . "
He said he was " very worried about the downgrading of the protections of personal information " , adding : " Of course there has to be a balance to be struck .
At the moment we have not got it right . "
David Howarth , the Liberal Democrat justice spokesman , added : " The Government should n't try to sneak through further building blocks of its surveillance state .
Unrestricted data - sharing simply increases the risks of data loss .
This is particularly troubling since the Government has already shown itself entirely incapable of keeping our personal data safe . "
The data - sharing measure is referred to in the Coroners and Justice Bill outlined in yesterday 's Queen 's Speech .
It could , for instance , pave the way for medical records to be sent to the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency to identify drivers who pose a health risk , or school attendance data being handed to the Department for Work and Pensions to verify social security claims made by parents .
But civil rights groups warned that the possibility of public records being transferred to private companies on a minister 's whim was of even greater concern .
Under the existing system , public bodies require primary legislation to authorise the transfer of data to another agency .
The new plans would end such parliamentary scrutiny by permitting ministers to use secondary legislation without a full vote of MPs .
The Bill sets out how ministers would be able to sidestep data protection and human rights laws that prevent public bodies revealing private information .
NO2ID , a group which campaigned against government plans for ID cards and the associated National Identity Register , said the proposals went far beyond data protection and were intended " to build the database state , concealed under a misleading name " .
The group 's national co-ordinator , Phil Booth , said : " This is a Bill to smash the rule of law and build the database state in its place .
Burying sweeping constitutional change in obscure Bills is an appalling approach .
Having proved – and admitted – they cannot be trusted to look after our secrets , they are still determined to steal what privacy we have left .
Parliament needs to wake up before it has no say any more . "
Civil liberties groups said the new powers could be used in conjunction with the equally controversial plan for a giant database holding details of people 's emails , telephone calls and internet searches .
The Communications Data Bill , which would contain this information , was set for inclusion in yesterday 's Queen 's Speech but will now be part of a consultation paper to be published in January .
Mr Hammarberg said Britain 's poor record on data loss had led to an EU - wide debate about the dangers of a surveillance society .
He added : " Data protection is crucial to the upholding of fundamental democratic values : a surveillance society risks infringing this basic right . "
The Ministry of Justice said data - sharing was essential for the delivery of " efficient and effective public services , tackling crime and protecting the public " .
" Any draft order would require parliamentary approval and a privacy impact assessment , " said a spokesman .
" Additionally , the Information Commissioner would have been invited to comment on the proposals .
This will ensure any potential privacy issues and risks are identified and examined .
" The power will be exercised only in circumstances where the sharing of the information is in the public interest and proportionate to the impact on any person adversely affected by it . "
You know his name by now : Michael Fred Phelps .
You also know his accomplishments : more gold medals in Olympic competition than anyone has ever won before .
And to the distinction of being the greatest Olympic athlete ever , we can add the ultimate : World 's Greatest Athlete .
Ever .
-- Mike Celizic , MSNBC.com
Forget your previous notions .
Forget other things you 've seen from the other world 's best athletes .
What Phelps has done is as remarkably different as God giving us the sun one day and the seas the next .
... Phelps has redefined athletics and athleticism .
-- Jemele Hill , ESPN.com
In all of that history , more than a century 's worth , is n't Phelps now the greatest of all the great American athletes ?
He would never say so .
He would say that 's for others to debate .
But there is no debate .
-- Alan Abrahamson , NBCOlympics.com
OK , I know things were really exciting during the Summer Olympics , but are n't we getting a little ahead of ourselves here ?
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / Rob Carr Michael Phelps has basked in a lot of adulation since his amazing performance in Beijing .
I have a great level of respect for anyone who masters his or her craft and who can do things athletically that I can't -- which , given my limited athletic talents , allows for a wide berth .
In my book " Andy Roddick Beat Me with a Frying Pan , " I was defeated by a blindfolded darts champion , a pool player playing one - handed and an Olympic gold medal - winning swimmer doing the doggie paddle .
In each case , I came away not so much humiliated ( all right , maybe a little humiliated ) , but impressed and amazed by their talents .
I gained a greater appreciation for the difficulty of mastering any skill .
That being said
When the " Greatest Athlete of All Time " label starts getting thrown around about a swimmer , I get the same feeling I had when Ryan Seacrest received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame .
Many in the media have been quick to anoint Phelps as the ultimate American uberathlete , lest they be seen as unpatriotic , or worse , understated .
After seeing Phelps on " 60 Minutes " last weekend and with his being named Sports Illustrated 's Sportsman of the Year , it 's clear the hype is n't going away .
But the only reason this story line has legs is because so many non-sports fans watch the Olympics .
Can a swimmer really be considered the greatest athlete of all time ?
I guess it all depends on your definition of athleticism .
When some people hear " world 's greatest athlete , " they equate that label with a dominant competitor who has mastered a single sport , leaving everyone else vying for second place .
They 're more focused on the word " greatest " than the word " athlete . "
Certainly , guys like Tiger Woods , Lance Armstrong and Phelps fit that definition -- but to me , those guys are supreme specialists with a limited talent .
( Click here to give us your definition of a great athlete . )
When I hear " world 's greatest athlete , " I picture the holy trinity of our youth : the school yard , the backyard and P.E. class .
A truly great athlete would be the first pick in any game there .
Think about your pickup basketball game , your Thanksgiving football game , your tennis match on a Saturday in the park or your five - on - five soccer match .
An " athlete " would stand out in all of them .
Great athletes should show a variety of skills , and a degree of coordination that translates to almost any athletic endeavor .
Watch a great athlete play basketball , football , tennis , soccer , hockey or even certain positions on a baseball diamond , and you can see athletic abilities that would translate to other sports .
To be a great wide receiver , you can't just run in a straight line ; you also have to be able to cut , take a hit , catch a ball , remember your pattern , process audibles , read a defense and do a number of other things extremely well .
To be a great point guard , you have to be able to shoot , move with lightning quickness , make good decisions and have passing skills .
Phelps ?
Well , we know he can swim really fast in a straight line .
AP Photo / Curtis Compton Brian Jordan knows what it 's like to chase down a great athlete like Jerry Rice .
" To call someone who isswimming the best athlete who ever lived just because they have eight gold medals is totally unfair and unrighteous , " says Brian Jordan , a standout high school football , basketball and baseball star who went on to become the starting safety for the NFL's Atlanta Falcons and a baseball All - Star for the Atlanta Braves and St. Louis Cardinals .
" Guys who are just great at one specialty , they can't be the greatestof all time . "
We 're not just arguing about semantics here .
People like Jordan know that when sportswriters call someone the " world 's greatest athlete , " it opens the door to endorsement dollars , not to mention having the opportunity to embarrass yourself hosting " Saturday Night Live . "
To be fair , Phelps is n't the first phenom from a fringe sport to take us down this road .
It happens virtually every Summer Olympics .
Similar arguments also get made for Tiger and Lance all the time .
That 's not to say these accomplishments are n't impressive and should n't be celebrated -- but a distinction must be made between specialists who have mastered narrow skills and great all - around athletes who could succeed in any sport they choose .
" Tiger Woods is a great golfer , but does he have the ability to play other sports or can he just golf ? " Jordan asked .
" Can he run , catch , jump , do other things ?
That remains to be seen .
" It 's offensive .
When I look at the rankings of the top 50 athletes to ever live and you see golfers and these kinds of people ahead of Bo [ Jackson ] and some of us , it 's like , ' Wow . '
They definitely do n't understand how sports work .
I do n't think there 's a cyclist or golfer in the entire world who could even play Division I football . "
Is Jordan right ?
Well , Page 2 wants to find out .
Courtesy of Todd Gallagher Todd Gallagher thinks all athletes should be able to excel at dodgeball .
In 2004 , Page 2 did a series ranking the degree of difficulty of individual sports ( boxing was ranked as the toughest ) and also asked its readers to crown the world 's best athletes ( Armstrong and Mia Hamm took home the titles ) .
Now , we want to find the rulers of the school yard .
We 've seen what specialists can do with years of training at a specific task -- now let 's find out if they possess the sort of broader physical skills expected from a great athlete .
Would a great specialist , such as a skater , swimmer or golfer , dominate the average P.E. class ?
Would an average schlub stand any chance against a guy like Jordan in the backyard Olympics ?
Most of us have n't swum the butterfly against one another , thrown a javelin or ridden a bicycle for hundreds of miles .
But most of us have played dodgeball , tag , floor hockey , four square and one - on - one basketball .
In the months ahead , I will compete against top athletes from a variety of sports in playground activities such as wiffle ball , H - O - R - S - E , backyard football , four square , soccer penalty kicks , the 50 - yard dash , arm - wrestling and badminton .
I 'll take on elite competitors such as Brian Jordan , Olympic gold - medal decathlete Bryan Clay and gold - medal swimmer Janet Evans , and you 'll see the results on Page 2 .
WHO'S PLAYING WHAT ?
In 2008 , the National Federation of State High School Associations ( NFHS ) conducted a study of how many students participated in each sport .
Here are the numbers for boys : 11 - player football : 1,108,286 Basketball : 552,935 Outdoor track and field : 548,821 Baseball : 478,029 Soccer : 383,561 Wrestling : 259,688 Cross-country : 221,109 Golf : 159,958 Tennis : 156,285 Swimming and diving : 111,896
Wondering how it might turn out ?
Well , listen to a gifted athlete named Mark Rubin , who had his choice of sports in his youth .
He opted to drop swimming despite showing a great degree of ability .
A high school phenom in both baseball and football , Rubin was once a hopeful for the U.S. Olympic swim team , and he reportedly even beat Phelps multiple times in races , between the ages of 12 and 14 .
But Rubin gave up swimming to play football at Penn State , where he's now the starting strong safety .
Although it 's rare for a football player to have swum competitively , this kind of decision is not uncommon .
Many great football , basketball and baseball players showed Olympic - level ability on the track before dropping it to focus on their respective sports .
You do n't have to be a genius to figure out why .
" Notoriety , " Rubin said .
" I would be lying if I did n't say one of the reasons I choose football over swimming was the publicity and recognition that it receives .
If it 's not the Olympics , you do n't hear about it at all .
I mean , you can break a world record , and it may get a sub- headline in the paper . "
Even in an Olympic year , think about how many swimmers you can name versus football players .
Against lowly Syracuse , Rubin probably had more people watching him than had been to all of his swim meets combined .
" Right , and if you do n't win a gold medal , you have about zero chance of getting known . "
Everyone talks about how freakish Phelps ' physical characteristics are , but a 6 - foot - 4 guy with a 6 - 7 wingspan and size - 14 feet is n't that unique .
( Although his double - jointed ankles and other unique dimensions are pretty rare . )
" I have a size 13 ½ foot myself , " Rubin said .
" It 's not like he 's the only person in the world who 's built like that .
If [ Denver Broncos wide receiver ]
Brandon Marshall , let 's say , really wanted to dedicate himself to swimming , he'd be very good .
There 's nothing to prevent a great athlete from becoming a great swimmer if they 're willing to train hard and push through the pain barrier .
There 's a lot of kinds of body builds that would work . "
In the book " Michael Phelps : The Untold Story of a Champion , " Bob Bowman , Phelps ' longtime coach , said as much : " The Michael Phelpses are out there .
The problem swimming has is we have those kind of athletes out there , but we lose them to other sports . "
But how would great swimmers do in those other sports ?
MEDAL DETECTION
For all of the talk about Phelps dominating swimming , much of that has to do with the number of events he could enter .
A total of 28 Olympians have 10 or more medals .
Are these sports home to the world 's greatest athletes ?
Gymnastics : 13
Swimming : 7
Cross -country skiing : 2
Fencing : 2
Track and field : 2
Shooting : 1
Canoe : 1
" Swimmers are n't very good on land .
They 're clumsy , " Rubin said of the swimmers he knew growing up .
" I do n't think they excelled in other sports .
Certainly no one was good enough to get a scholarship offer in anything else . "
Lest you think Rubin is being too harsh , here 's what Phelps has said about his own coordination level : " I 'm a fish out of water .
I 'm a clumsy person . "
And it 's just not swimmers who might struggle on the playground .
Even Armstrong , champion of Page 2's greatest athlete competition , admitted his talents wane in other sports .
" I tried to play football , but I had no coordination , " Armstrong wrote in his book , " It 's Not About the Bike . "
" When it came to anything that involved moving from side to side or hand - eye coordination -- when it came to anything involving a ball in fact -- I was no good .
I was determined to find something I could succeed at . "
It does n't exactly sound like Lance is the first pick at the Y or dominated his PE class .
So , is it possible that an " everyman " would have a chance on the schoolyard against some of the all - time great specialists ?
Before you assume I must have inhaled too much secondhand chlorine during the Olympics , consider the opinions of someone who , if anything , would be biased against me .
Someone like Phelps ' fellow swimmer Natalie Coughlin , who won six medals in Beijing and has 11 Olympic medals overall .
When told by Page 2 podcast host Dave Dameshek about my school - yard challenge , she hardly thought it would be a blowout if I went up against Phelps .
" In general , swimmers are very much like mermaids where we 're very , very good on water , not so good on land .
So I have no idea .
Some people happen to be very good swimmers and still can do some land sports , but usually there 's a lot of twisted ankles when you play basketball .
It 's not the prettiest .
So , I 'm interested to see how it turns out . "
Keep in mind , the question was n't , " Could a great swimmer play in the NBA ? " or " How long would it take for a great swimmer to become an NFL safety ? " but " Can one of the supposedly greatest athletes of all time beat Todd Gallagher in most playground sports ? "
Rubin was n't so sure I 'm facing sure annihilation , either .
[+]
Enlarge Courtesy of Todd Gallagher
Todd says he is n't a great athlete , and based on this evidence , we believe him .
" I would say you stand a chance , " he said .
With such bombastic rhetoric , you might think I am a great athlete myself .
Lo , I am far from it .
I 'm an everyman , a schlub from Pittsburgh , the average American male .
Out of shape , average height and weight , 32 years old .
No one has ever recruited me , and I 'm not particularly good at anything .
I would never dream of putting myself in a discussion that involved great athletes unless the conversation was " Todd is not a great athlete . "
I 've spent a lot of time in the backyard through the years , but I know I would n't be the school - yard peer of collegiate athletes in football , soccer or basketball .
And this is n't about me .
It 's about a quest to determine the boundaries of athleticism and whether domination of one discipline equates with true greatness .
It 's about a quest to find the true rulers of the school yard .
Over the next few months , we 'll find out .
Todd Gallagher is a TV producer , former professional basketball coach and author of " Andy Roddick Beat Me With a Frying Pan . "
You can reach him at todd@todd33.com .
Zaidi's attack was launched with the words " this is a farewell kiss , you dog "
By Martin Asser
BBC News
Around the Arab world , if you want to escalate a situation , by saying for example " I 'm going to thump you " , add the words " with a shoe " and you 're adding serious insult to the threat of possible injury .
It 's that cultural significance that added real sting to the assault by an Iraqi journalist against US President George W Bush at a Baghdad news conference on 15 December .
In Arab culture it 's considered rude even to display the sole of one 's shoe to a fellow human being .
Certainly , crossing one 's legs ankle - on - knee style should never be done in a public place for fear of offending the person next to you .
The sensitivity is related to the fact shoes are considered ritually unclean in the Muslim faith .
In addition to ritual ablutions before prayer , Muslims must take off their shoes to pray , and wearing shoes inside a mosque is forbidden .
Shoes should either be left at the door of the mosque , or carried ( preferably in the left hand with the soles pressed together ) .
But beyond the Islamic significance , the dirty and degrading implication of the sole of a shoe crosses all religious boundaries in the Middle East .
Following in the footsteps
There has been plenty of droll reaction in the wake of Sunday 's shoe attack to experts who have informed the public that " throwing a shoe at someone 's face is considered an insult in Islam " .
History will record Mr Bush 's last trip to Iraq , a country his government has left such an indelible mark upon , was greeted with a volley of shoes and a cry of ' dog '
The blog reaction ( to articles not unlike the one you are reading ) has been a sarcastic , " and in all other religions ... it is a sign of affection , friendship , fellowship , and good feeling ( ! ) " to quote chookie on democraticunderground.com .
But it is worth mentioning that there is quite a rich history when it comes to shoe-ing incidents involving Iraq and the Bushes .
The first was the floor mosaic at the front door to Baghdad 's Rashid Hotel depicting the first President Bush .
Its location meant visitors to the hotel - frequented by top Baath regime officials and visiting VIPs - had to step on George Bush Snr 's likeness , in revenge for alleged " war crimes " committed during the 1991 liberation of Kuwait .
The mosaic was reportedly dug up after the US military took over the hotel , following their overthrow of Saddam Hussein in 2003 .
In that year the Iraqi shoe was much in evidence during popular protests against the fallen Iraqi ruler , being used to hit the posters and statues dedicated to him around the country .
Boot on the other foot As anger over Washington 's policies in the Middle East has grown in some Arab circles , it has been posters of George W Bush that have received the shoe treatment .
Bush 's image has been associated with shoes across the Arab world His national security adviser and subsequent secretary of state has been given the particularly insulting first name Kundara - meaning shoe - instead of Condoleezza Rice .
Now history will record that Mr Bush 's last presidential trip to Iraq , a country his government has left such an indelible mark upon , was greeted with a volley of shoes and cries of " dog " ( another extreme insult in Arabic ) from Iraqi cameraman Muntadar al - Zaidi .
Fortunately for Mr Bush , he was able to duck out of the way of the two shoes Mr Zaidi threw at him - presumably the only weapon the assailant was able to smuggle through the tight security cordon at Prime Minister Nouri Maliki 's office .
Many of Mr Bush 's supporters will see it as a mean - spirited gesture against a man whose policies liberated the country from a vicious dictator .
To illustrate the point , in a previous age , the perpetrator would be facing a summary , and probably agonising , death if he had dared confront Saddam Hussein 's regime in such a way .
Instead Mr Bush has been praised for his dignified response .
But others have hailed Mr Zaidi as a hero , for striking a symbolic blow against someone they hold responsible for devastating wars in the Muslim world that have cost hundreds of thousands of lives .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Styrofoam ( or polystyrene ) is nasty stuff : it lasts forever , can leach chemicals ( especially when heated ) , and is really , really difficult to recycle .
Wal - Mart Canada is launching an effort to address that last issue by partnering with Grace Canada ( a division of W.R. Grace & Co. ) to reuse styrofoam waste from packaging in the production of commercial insulation .
Wal - Mart and W.R. Grace ?
Some will certainly raise hackles in disgust …
Regardless of past issues , this looks like a very promising project .
Wal - Mart has already shown real innovation with not only recycling packaging waste , but even turning it into a revenue stream .
According to the Environmental Leader article ( linked above ) , “ Grace Canada and its parent company W. R. Grace & Co. have recycled over 77 million pounds of foam polystyrene . ”
And styrofoam does have one thing going for it : it has great insulating properties .
Wal - Mart Canda views this as an “ interim solution , ” according to John Lawrence , director of corporate social responsibility .
Long - term , the company wants to work with suppliers to eliminate these materials from packaging .
As an interim solution , this looks like an effective means of leveraging styrofoam ’s long life span and insulating qualities into a further environmental win : energy savings .
My only question ( and I look forward to your answers ) : would such insulation create air quality issues in buildings ?
Joe Sakic , captain of the Colorado Avalanche , is the latest to join the list of stupid athlete off the field injuries that have cost playing time for big stars .
Sakic , who was already on the disabled list for a herniated disc , broke three fingers in a snow blower accident at his home and will now be out at least three months .
The Avalanche announced Sakic had surgery Tuesday night for the broken fingers and tendon damage .
So of course this got us thinking about some of the other stupid non-sports related injuries that have plagued star players this decade , so yeah we put a list together .
The rankings are determined by a combination of the stupidity / humor involved in the injury , and the players relative stardom .
Similar injuries and incidents are grouped together :
10 . Motorcycle Accident : Ben Roethlisberger , Pittsburgh Steelers : 2006
Several athletes have done this in recent years .
The only reason this one ranks # 10 is because of the serious nature of it .
Injuring yourself on a motorcycle is just not nearly as funny as a sneezing injury .
Big Ben is a good example of this , as he nearly killed himself in 2006 while riding a Suzuki Hayabusa .
The stupidest part of this accident is that Roethlisberger was not wearing a helmet .
Other players to suffer a similar fate in recent years include Jay Williams , Kellen Winslow Jr. , and Lavar Arrington .
Just recently Monta Ellis was in a similar incident on a moped .
9 . Guitar Hero Injury : Joel Zumaya , Detroit Tigers – 2006
In 2006 , Zumaya missed some time because of a sore forearm caused by what doctors said was too much time playing video games .
A year later , Zumaya said Guitar Hero was n’t the culprit , telling The Detroit News , “ A lot of people have criticized me and told me , ‘ Joel , put it away . ’
But I ’m still going to play it .
Just not as often . ”
8. Ax Accident : Chris Hanson , Jacksonville Jaguars – 2003
As a member of the Jags , Hanson missed a significant portion of the 2003 season when he injured his non-kicking foot in a wood chopping accident .
Coach Jack Del Rio had placed an axe and wooden stump in the team locker room and told his players to “ keep chopping wood ” in some bizarre motivational tool .
Hanson injured himself when he attempted to chop said wood .
Several other players have suffered similar injuries in relation to sharp objects .
Typically this is a knife , as happened recently with Derrick Rose , however I do n’t think any of those guys can beat Chris Hanson the Ax Man .
7. Golf Cart Accident : Erik Johnson , St. Louis Blues – 2008
2006 Number one NFL draft pick for the St. Louis Blues , got his foot caught between the accelerator and the brake on a golf cart during a team outing resulting in a tear to the the anterior cruciate and medial collateral ligaments in the knee that will require an operation to fix .
He will miss the entire 2008 - 09 season .
NASCAR driver Jimmie Johnson suffered a similar fate in 2006 .
6. Anal Fissures : Kaz Matsui , Houston Astros – 2008
We ’ll let Bleacher Report fill in the details here :
Prior to Opening Day 2008 , Houston Astros second baseman Kazuo “ Kaz ” Matsui underwent surgery to repair anal fissure and he missed the first three weeks of the baseball season on the disabled list .
Anal fissure is medically defined as an unnatural crack or tear in the anus skin .
As a fissure , these tiny tears may show bright red rectal bleeding and cause severe periodic pain after defecation .
The grand majority of anal fissures are caused by stretching of the anal mucosa beyond its capability .
Some of the various causes of this fissure include : Straining to defecate
Severe and chronic constipation or diarrhea
Crohn ’s disease and Ulcerative colitis
Tight sphincter muscles
Anal intercourse
So while you may argue that this really is n’t a stupid injury , we do n’t really know the cause in this case , and it is certainly the most embarrassing thing I have ever seen on an injury report .
5. Falling down Steps : Brian Griese , Denver Broncos – 2002
The Michigan Daily explains :
If you ever get drunk and hurt yourself , do n’t bother asking Brian Griese for advice on drafting a story to explain it .
The former Michigan and current Denver Bronco quarterback is obviously out of ideas .
This week he claimed that his random ankle injury was caused by his dog , a golden retriever named Bella .
“ I was walking down the stairs and my dog came barreling down the stairs after me and clipped me , and I kind of twisted my ankle on the stairs , ” Griese told reporters at his weekly press conference .
“ These things happen .
Unfortunately , it happened to me . ”
Clint Barmes of the Colorado Rockies suffered a similar fate in 2005 ( via ESPN ) :
Colorado Rockies rookie shortstop Clint Barmes says he was lugging a package of deer meat he got from teammate Todd Helton , and not a bag of groceries , when he fell and broke his collarbone .
“ I just did n’t think it was right to bring Todd Helton into something like this , ” Barmes was quoted as saying in The Denver Post on Thursday , explaining why he gave a different version of the story when he first recounted the strange fall that will sideline him for at least three months .
4. Washing Truck : Jeff Kent , San Francisco Giant – 2002
While many have speculated that Kent was actually riding a Motorcycle , he still maintains his story that he was injured while washing his truck .
ESPN explains :
San Francisco Giants second baseman Jeff Kent broke a bone in his left wrist while washing his truck and will miss 4 - to - 6 weeks .
Kent , the 2000 NL MVP , revealed the injury to Giants trainer Stan Conte on Saturday morning after swelling and soreness set in overnight .
Kent , who owns a white pick up with 4 - inch lifts , was at a self - serve car wash in Scottsdale when he hurt himself Friday evening .
He slipped and broke the vancular bone when he tried to break his fall .
“ I was straddling the back of my truck when I slipped and fell , ” said Kent .
“ I did n’t think much of it at the time and finished washing my truck .
It started swelling up during the night and got really sore . ”
Kent , who had X - rays done on the wrist , might return to San Francisco for further tests , which could reveal ligament damage .
He will be put in a cast for the next month .
“ The fracture is at the end of the bone , so we really caught a break , ” Conte said .
“ He was pretty depressed when he came in this morning .
I guarantee you he ’ll never wash his car again as long as he ’s a Giant .
3. Sun Burn : Marty Cordova , Baltimore Orioles : 2002
Former Rookie of the year , and MLB Journeyman outfielder has the distinction of a completely unique injury , Sun Burn .
Apparently Marty fell asleep in a tanning bed , and when he woke up he was completely burned .
The injury report on CNNSI read :
Cordova is day - to - day after burning his face in a tanning bed earlier this week .
Under doctor ’s orders , the Orioles ’ outfielder has been told to stay out of the sun for a few days .
He should return by this weekend .
2. Sneezing Back Spasms : Sammy Sosa , Chicago Cubs – 2004
ESPN explains this ridiculous injury by a major star :
Sammy Sosa felt a bit sheepish while explaining why he was n’t able to play Sunday against the Padres .
Sosa sneezed twice shortly after arriving in the clubhouse before the game , which brought on back spasms and forced him to grab a chair to support himself .
While his Cubs teammates were out beating the Padres 4 - 2 for a three - game sweep , Sosa spent the afternoon in the trainer ’s room receiving treatment .
“ It would have been better if I had hit off the wall or we have a fight or something , but this … you know what I mean ? ” Sosa said .
“ What can you do ?
Some things in life you cannot control .
This is strange that it happened .
I do n’t feel too good , ” Sosa said .
“ If I ’m ready , I ’m going to play .
If I ’m not ready , I ’m not going to play .
Whenever I feel 100 percent , I ’ll be back .
Something you never expect to happen , happens .
We ’re only human .
The only thing you can do is just sit back and relax and wait .
You ’re talking about the back . ”
1. Self Inflicted Gunshot Wound : Plaxico Burress , New York Giants – 2008
Maybe it is just because this is still fresh in my mind , or maybe it is because the dude totally shot himself in the leg , but Plax has to be # 1 .
I am sure you have heard the story .
We ’ll let Deadspin tell it :
So a few more details seem to be emerging about the bizarre “ Plaxico shot himself at a club ” story .
The New York Post is now reporting that the incident took place just after midnight on Friday at a club called Latin Quarter in Manhattan , while Plax was out on the town with teammate Antonio Pierce .
I suggest you read the rest of the story with the Benny Hill theme playing in the background : • Burress and Pierce were apparently approached by security guards looking for weapons .
Burress admitted to having one , and moved to a secluded area near the club ’s VIP entrance to unload it .
• Burress then violated gun safety rule number …( checks rules ) … one , by unloading the gun with one hand while drinking a glass of wine with t’other .
It was at this point that he bobbled the gun and it accidentally fired .
Somewhat luckily , it seems , it only ended up hitting him in the leg .
• Pierce apparently dropped Plax off at the hospital at 2:00 a.m. , and then immediately got the hell out of there .
As the Post also points out , what was Plax doing in the intervening two hours between shooting himself and getting dropped off at the hospital ?
Trying to walk it off ?
The only thing left to wonder , is why did Plax shoot himself ?
The fine folks over at Cuzoogle have a more exhaustive list which goes back further in history .
They call it The Dumbest Injuries in Sports .
This run may not last ( nor will it cure the long term problems in the economy ) but if nothing else , it ’s good to see that the global markets are retrieving some of the recent losses .
Europe unexpectedly kicked this off after the UK launched its rescue plan followed by EU leaders over the weekend .
The European investment of $ 2.7 trillion is much greater than the $ 700 billion ( or even $ 1.8 trillion , as has been discussed ) which is a strong change in Europe from only a week ago .
Dr. Doom is still saying this bailout will fail , claiming that we are still over - leveraged and others are calling this a “ dead cat bounce ” ( something that occurs after the market capitulates ) but for now , let ’s just breath a bit easier that our retirement plans inched back ever - so - slightly .
Dec. 16 , 2008  --
The following is a transcript from ABC News ' Jonathan Karl 's exclusive interview with Vice President Dick Cheney on Dec. 15 , 2008 in the Executive Office Building .
JONATHAN KARL : Mr. Vice President , there has not been a terrorist attack in the United States in more than seven years .
How important have your administration 's policies on surveillance , interrogation and detention been in protecting the homeland ?
VICE PRESIDENT CHENEY :
Well , I think they 've been crucial , Jonathan .
I think that anybody who'd looked at the situation the morning after the 9/11 attack would never have bet that we'd been able to go this long without another attack .
We 've been able to defeat or disrupt all further attempts to strike the homeland .
It 's enormously important .
I think those programs were crucial .
The president made some very tough decisions , and we had some very able and talented people involved in the military and our intelligence services , making certain that we were able to keep the country safe .
KARL : But you 've heard leaders , the incoming Congress , saying that this policy has basically been torture and illegal wiretapping , and that they want to undo , basically , the central tenets of your anti-terrorism policy .
CHENEY : They 're wrong .
On the question of terrorist surveillance , this was always a policy to intercept communications between terrorists or known terrorists , or so - called " dirty numbers , " and folks inside the United States to capture those international communications .
It 's worked .
It 's been successful .
It 's now embodied in the FISA statute that we passed last year -- and that Barack Obama voted for , which I think was a good decision on his part .
It 's a very , very important capability .
It is legal .
It was legal from the very beginning .
It is constitutional .
To claim that it is n't , I think is just wrong .
On the question of so - called torture , we do n't do torture .
We never have .
It 's not something that this administration subscribes to .
Again , we proceeded very cautiously .
We checked .
We had the Justice Department issue the requisite opinions in order to know where the bright lines were that you could not cross .
The professionals involved in that program were very , very cautious , very careful -- would n't do anything without making certain it was authorized and that it was legal .
And any suggestion to the contrary is just wrong .
Did it produce the desired results ?
I think it did .
I think , for example , Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , who was the number three man in al Qaeda , the man who planned the attacks of 9/11 , provided us with a wealth of information .
There was a period of time there , three or four years ago , when about half of everything we knew about al Qaeda came from that one source .
So , it 's been a remarkably successful effort .
I think the results speak for themselves .
And I think those who allege that we 've been involved in torture , or that somehow we violated the Constitution or laws with the terrorist surveillance program , simply do n't know what they 're talking about .
KARL : Did you authorize the tactics that were used against Khalid Sheikh Mohammed ?
CHENEY : I was aware of the program , certainly , and involved in helping get the process cleared , as the agency in effect came in and wanted to know what they could and could n't do .
And they talked to me , as well as others , to explain what they wanted to do .
And I supported it .
KARL : In hindsight , do you think any of those tactics that were used against Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and others went too far ?
CHENEY : I do n't .
KARL : What is your advice to President - elect Obama then on this ?
Because he 's been quite critical .
And he might have supported ...
CHENEY : He has .
KARL : ... FISA .
But President - elect Obama has been very critical of the counterterrorism policies of this administration .
CHENEY : Well , counterterrorism policy 's designed to defeat the terrorists .
It turns on intelligence .
You can't do anything without collecting first - rate intelligence .
And that 's what these programs are all about .
I would argue that , for the new administration , how they deal with these issues are going to be very important , because it 's going to have a direct impact on whether or not they retain the tools that have been so essential and defending the nation for the last seven - and - a - half years , or whether they give them up .
I think it 's vital that they sit down and -- which I believe they 're doing -- and look at the specific threat that 's out there , to understand these programs and how they operate , and see the extent to which we were very cautious in terms of how we put them together , and then make a decision based on that with respect to whether or not they 're going to continue .
They should n't just fall back on campaign rhetoric to make these very fundamental decisions about the safety of the nation .
KARL : And what if he does fall back on campaign rhetoric and rolls back those policies ?
CHENEY : Well ...
KARL : What 's the danger ?
CHENEY : ... I think that would be -- I think that would be very unfortunate .
KARL : And on KSM , one of those tactics , of course , widely reported was waterboarding .
And that seems to be a tactic we no longer use .
Even that you think was appropriate ?
CHENEY : I do .
KARL : More than two years ago , President Bush said that he was -- wanted to close down Guantanamo Bay .
Why has that not happened ?
CHENEY : It 's very hard to do .
Guantanamo has been the repository , if you will , of hundreds of terrorists , or suspected terrorists , that we 've captured since 9/11 .
They -- many of them , hundreds -- have been released back to their home countries .
What we have left is the hard core .
Their cases are reviewed on an annual basis to see whether or not they 're still a threat , whether or not they 're still intelligence value in terms of continuing to hold them .
But -- and we 're down now to some 200 being held at Guantanamo .
But that includes the core group , the really high - value targets like Khalid Sheikh Mohammed .
Now , the question :
If you 're going to close Guantanamo , what are you going to do with those prisoners ?
One suggestion is , well , we bring them to the United States .
Well , I do n't know very many congressmen , for example , who are eager to have 200 al Qaeda terrorists deposited in their district .
It 's a complex and difficult problem .
If you bring them onshore into the United States , they automatically acquire a certain legal rights and responsibilities that the government would then have , that they do n't as long as they 're at Guantanamo .
And that 's an important consideration .
These are not American citizens .
They are not subject , nor do they have the same rights that an American citizen does vis-a - vis the government .
But they are well treated .
They also have the opportunity , and the process has started now , to be heard before a military commission with judgment , fair and honest judgment made about their guilt or innocence , to be represented by counsel provided through that process .
So , they -- I do n't know any other nation in the world that would do what we 've done in terms of taking care of people who are avowed enemies , and many of whom still swear up and down that their only objective is to kill more Americans .
KARL : So , when do you think we 'll be at a point where Guantanamo could be responsibly shut down ?
CHENEY : Well , I think that that would come with the end of the war on terror .
KARL : When 's that going to be ?
CHENEY : Well , nobody knows .
Nobody can specify that .
Now , in previous wars , we 've always exercised the right to capture the enemy and then hold them till the end of the conflict .
That 's what we did in World War II with , you know , thousands , hundreds of thousands of German prisoners .
The same basic principle ought to apply here in terms of our right to capture the enemy and hold them .
As I say , the other option is to turn them over to somebody else .
A lot of them , nobody wants .
I mean , there 's a great resistance sometimes in the home countries to taking these people back into their own territory .
And it 's not a law -- it 's not a traditional law enforcement problem .
I mean , one of the things that happened on 9/11 was , we went from thinking about a terrorist attack as a law enforcement problem where you would prosecute an individual , to rather being a strategic threat to the United States where we need to use all of our capabilities to be able to defeat the enemy .
And these folks are , in fact , unlawful combatants , adversaries of the United States , members of al Qaeda .
And I think that 's true for most of them there .
As I say , there 's a regular , annual review of each of their cases to make certain that we 're still justified in holding them .
And if not , to send them back to their home country , if they 'll have them .
KARL : But basically , it sounds like you 're talking about Guantanamo being a -- it sounds like you 're saying Guantanamo Bay will be open indefinitely .
CHENEY : Well , a lot of people , including the president , expressed the view that they 'd like to close Guantanamo .
I think everybody can say we wished there were no necessity for Guantanamo .
But you have to be able to answer these other questions before you can do that responsibly .
And that includes , what are you going to do with the prisoners held in Guantanamo ?
And nobody yet has solved that problem .
KARL : What 's the danger in doing this too soon , you know , just make this symbolic gesture to shut the place down ?
CHENEY : Well , if you release people that should n't have been released -- and that 's happened in some cases already -- you end up with them back on the battlefield .
And we 've had , as I recall now -- and these are rough numbers , I 'd want to check them -- but , say , approximately 30 of these folks have been held in Guantanamo , then released , and ended up back on the battlefield again , and we 've encountered them a second time around .
But they 've either been killed or captured in further conflicts with our forces .
KARL : I do n't know if you saw , but on Sunday , John McCain said that the national security team that has been established by President - elect Obama -- Clinton , James Jones , Robert Gates -- this is a team that he could have assembled .
How do you assess this incoming team ?
CHENEY : Well , I must say , I think it 's a pretty good team .
I 'm not close to Barack Obama , obviously , nor am I a -- do I identify with him politically .
He 's a liberal .
I 'm a conservative .
But I think the idea of keeping Gates at Defense is excellent .
I think Jim Jones will be very , very effective as the national security adviser .
And while I would not have hired Senator Clinton , I think she 's tough , she 's smart , she works very hard and she may turn out to be just what President Obama needs .
KARL : Should he keep the intelligence chiefs as well ?
CHENEY : I do n't want to get into the business of encouraging them on one course of another .
It could be the kiss of death .
He 's already made his judgments about Jones and Gates and as I say , I think they 're both very talented people and they 'll do well .
For me to get into the business of commenting on individuals where decisions have not yet been made , frankly , I think that would not be fair to them in that process .
KARL : So it was reported that when you went up to lunch for the Republicans shortly before the auto bailout vote that you said if the auto companies go down it will be Hoover time .
Do you believe that to be true ?
CHENEY : Well , that 's not quite what I said .
This was a report that came out of a meeting where we did discuss the subject .
What I said basically was that a crisis in the auto industry could not have come at a worse time because we were in the midst of a major financial crisis , we 're on the downside of what may be the worst recession since the end of World War II and we 're in the middle of a presidential transition .
President Bush to the Obama administration and under those circumstances were the automobile industry be allowed to collapse or at least the American portion of it I thought would be extremely unfortunate and that we needed to do everything we could to prevent that .
That 's sort of the basic picture I made .
I did make a reference to Herbert Hoover but I can't recall the exact words for it .
KARL : But if the government does n't act to save these companies , to give them a lifeline , do we risk headed to Hoover time ?
CHENEY : Well , not so much in terms of the time but I would be concerned if under these circumstances we did not as an administration , and we still have major responsibilities for another month , if we did n't do everything we could to avoid those consequences and it would have a lasting impact , if you will , on how we 're perceived
KARL : What do you think when you hear the Democrats talk about a stimulus plan of a trillion dollars ?
CHENEY : Well , it depends on what goes into it .
I 'm not sure it 's needed or necessary .
It 's not clear to me that it would have any short term effect .
That does n't mean there are n't things that could be done on some of these longer term projects but I think caution is in order here and to date I have not seen the proposals , I have not seen the arguments for why this is appropriate or why it would be good economic policy at this time .
We clearly are involved now in a recession .
We see that around us every day but I think part of that is the fallout from the financial crisis we had earlier this year and it's a global problem .
It 's not just the United States that 's affected here .
This is really both , whether we 're talking about the recession or we talk about financial problems , these are global issues that are going to effect everybody worldwide and it seems to me you cannot treat this just as an isolated problem inside the United State as has often been the case in the past with our recession .
This is one that 's going to occur on a global basis .
KARL : You 've been called the most powerful vice president in history .
Help me understand how a guy who did n't even seek this job out managed to do that .
CHENEY : Well , whatever I 've been able to do as vice president , it 's been because that 's what the president wanted me to do .
And I have enjoyed very much my time as vice president , it 's been a tremendous experience .
It 's not anything I sought as you mentioned .
The president asked me to take it on and I agreed to do it and I think it was exactly the right decision from my standpoint .
In terms of how I 'm viewed as a powerful vice president or influential vice president , I think that 's something that we 'll have to leave to the historians .
There are a lot of people out there with opinions and I 'll let somebody else sort them out .
KARL : What do you say to those who say you 've changed ?
I mean , you 've seen friends go across , say , I do n't know Dick Cheney any more .
They 've really known you just about as long as anybody in this town .
What do you say to that ?
CHENEY : Well , I – the way I think of it is in terms of whether or not I changed , I think a prime motivation for me and much of what I 've done was 9/11 .
And being here on 9/11 , going through that experience .
And reaching the conclusion that somebody said the other day that I said at that point , that 's not going to happen again on my watch .
And we 've done everything we could , the president has , I have , a lot of the people that we work with , to make certain that did n't happen .
And we 've succeeded .
But when you contemplate the 9/11 with terrorists instead of being armed with box cutters and airline tickets , equipped with a nuclear weapon or a biological agent of some kind in the middle of one of our cities and think about the consequences of that and then I think we 're justified in taking bold action .
I think it 's incumbent upon us to take bold action to make certain that never happens .
And it does say we 've been successful for seven and a half years now and have I changed ?
Well , not in the sense that I 've gone through some fundamental psychological transition here but I have been since that day focused very much on what we needed to do to defend the nation and I think the policies we 've recommended , the programs that we 've undertaken have been good program .
I think those have been sound decisions and if that 's what they mean by saying I 've changed , I 'm guilty .
KARL : What did you think when you saw that shoe flying at the president ?
CHENEY : Well , I thought the president handled it rather well .
He had some good moves the way he ducked and avoided the shoe and then what was his response ?
That it was a size 10 and he could see that as it went by .
No , I think it 's an incident where an Iraqi reporter threw shoes at the president .
I do n't attribute any special significance to it .
KARL : But when you were told during another interview that the American public is overwhelmingly against the war , you said , " So ? " Do you regret saying that ?
Would you take that back .
CHENEY : No .
In effect what I did was , the person who made the statement they did n't ask a question .
And after they made a statement , I said , " So ? " expecting a question and I did n't get a question .
And I took " So " to mean that I did n't have any concern for public opinion .
I do .
But I do n't think and the point I made then is that we could not have done what we 'd done if we 'd been reading the polls .
If we had responded to the polls I think the world would look very different today than it does .
I think Saddam Hussein would still be in power .
I think the progress that we 've made in liberating 50 million people in Iraq and Afghanistan might well have not happened .
You can't base public policy or tough decisions in a presidency simply on what 's happening in the polls .
They change from week to week .
You can take two polls on exactly the same day and get totally different results .
It 's just a bad way to make policy .
And we did n't do that .
What we did was what we thought was right for the country .
We stood once for reelection and were reelected and we 've continued to pursue those policies throughout our time in office .
Our objective has not been to see how high we could get our poll numbers by the time we left office .
Our objective has been to do other things such as defend the nation , pursue a successful counterinsurgency program to prevail in Iraq and Afghanistan , reform the education system , add prescription drug benefits to Medicare , cut taxes .
Those are all things that I think we 've succeeded on .
They were not all popular , especially what we did in the national security area I think has been controversial but it was the right thing to do and the president and I were elected to make decisions and not to read polls .
KARL : Now , President Bush recently said that his greatest regret was that the intelligence was wrong on weapons of mass destruction .
Is that your biggest regret ?
CHENEY : No , I would n't – I understand why he says that .
I certainly share the frustration that the intelligence report on Iraq WMD generated but in terms of the intelligence itself , I tend to look at the entire community and what they 've done over the course of the last several years .
Intelligence – it's not a science , it 's an art form in many respects and you do n't always get it right .
I think while I would mention that as a major failure of the intelligence community , it clearly was .
On the other hand , we 've had other successes and failures .
I think the run-up to 9/11 where we missed that attack was a failure .
On the other hand we 've had great success since 9/11 in terms of what the intelligence community has contributed overall to the defense of the nation , to defeating al Qaeda , to making it possible for us to do very serious damage to our enemies .
KARL : You probably saw Karl Rove last week said that if the intelligence had been correct we probably would not have gone to war .
CHENEY : I disagree with that .
I think – as I look at the intelligence with respect to Iraq , what they got wrong was that there were n't any stockpiles .
What we found in the after action reports , after the intelligence report was done and then various special groups went and looked at the intelligence and what its validity was .
What they found was that Saddam Hussein still had the capability to produce weapons of mass destruction .
He had the technology , he had the people , he had the basic feed stocks .
They also found that he had every intention of resuming production once the international sanctions were lifted .
He had a long reputation and record of having started two wars .
Of having brutalized and killed hundreds of thousands of people , some of them with weapons of mass destruction in his own country .
He had violated 16 National Security Council resolutions .
He had established a relationship as a terror sponsoring state according to the State Department .
He was making $ 25,000 payments to the families of suicide bombers .
This was a bad actor and the country 's better off , the world 's better off with Saddam gone and I think we made the right decision in spite of the fact that the original NIE was off in some of its major judgments .
KARL : So you 're 30 something – how many more days do you have left ?
CHENEY : Thirty five !
KARL : Thirty five more days left .
Who 's counting ?
hat advice do you have to Joe Biden coming in this role ?
You 've already seen that Harry Reid has said that Biden will not be invited into the policy luncheons up at the Senate .
Biden 's already signaled that he 's going to be scaling back some of this office , what you 've done to this office .
What 's your advice to Biden ?
CHENEY : Well , the most important element in deciding what kind of vice presidency any administration is going to have is what the president wants to have done .
He is the boss .
He is the one who 's got to decide what kind of authority he wants to entrust to his vice president , how he fits with the other folks in the administration , what kinds of policies he wants him involved in and it 's really unique for each administration .
I 've had one meeting with Joe Biden since he won the election .
He and his wife came by the house and we were able to show him the official residence and had a pleasant chat .
We did n't get into policy in any major way .
But Joe Biden 's an experienced senator .
He 's been around a long time .
He knows a lot .
Whatever contribution he 's allowed to make to the Obama administration is really up to President Obama , he 'll decide what his role is going to be .
KARL : What are you going to miss most about this job ?
CHENEY : Well , I am looking forward to a return to private life .
This is the fourth time I 've transitioned out of government to the private sector .
But I 'll also miss it .
It 's really been just a tremendously remarkable experience .
I think the people that I 've been pleased to work with including some of my colleagues in the administration , especially the men and women of our armed forces and the intelligence community who have done so much to keep us safe over this period of time .
It 's been 40 years since I came to Washington to stay 12 months and I think it 's about time I went and did something else .
KARL : Regrets ?
CHENEY : Oh , not a lot at this stage .
I think I 'll have a chance to reflect on that after I get out of here and see whether to – anything immediately comes to mind .
I think given the circumstances we 've had to deal with , I think we 've done pretty well .
My experience goes back , this is the fourth administration I 've worked in .
Things that were cited as a regret at the time , Jerry Ford 's pardon of Richard Nixon , for example , 30 years later look pretty good .
So I am cautious in terms of making judgments at this point .
A lot of other people can do it .
I am not yet out of office and I 'll withhold judgment for a while .
KARL : The attacks do n't seem to have bothered you but when they make a political ad out of you in the last week of the campaign simply because you 've done one event and you know the approval rating , so I understand your position on the polls , but do those attacks on you get to you ?
Do they bug you ?
CHENEY : No .
If they did n't I should n't take this job .
We 've talked about how Senator Clinton referred to me as Darth Vader .
I asked my wife about that , if that did n't bother her .
She said , no , it humanizes you .
So it 's – you 've got to have a sense of humor about it .
Do n't take it personally .
You 've got to have a thick skin or you should n't be in this business .
You can turn on the Jay Leno show or David Letterman on any weekday night and over the course of a week there are likely to be two or three shots fired in my direction .
You just , you really can't worry about it .
Most of them are pretty funny .
KARL : And then finally , what are you going to do next ?
What 's the final act for …
CHENEY : Well , I do n't know yet .
I 'll say I 've got 35 more days to go here with the president and then I 'll decide after that .
I 'm not ready to retire yet but I do want a chance to spend more time with the family .
Got some rivers I want to face .
Maybe write a book .
I have n't decided yet .
So there 'll be hopefully plenty of years left to engage in those other activities and my experience has been when you get to one of these major turning points in your life , major milestone where you leave one activity and have to go to something else , on the other side usually are good things .
That 's always been my experience .
Dozens of articles outline the detailed technical reasons
Git is better than Subversion , but if you ’re like me , you do n’t necessarily care about minor speed differences , the elegance of back - end algorithms , or all of the hardcore features that you may only ever use once .
You want to see clear , major differences in your day - to - day interaction with software before you switch to something new .
After several weeks of trials , Git seems to offer major improvements over Subversion .
These are my reasons for jumping on the Git bandwagon .
Let ’s start with a few assumptions for the scenarios we ’ll walk through :
you ’re one of many developers for a project
all changes going into production must first be peer - reviewed
you all use simple GUI text editors like TextMate or an equivalent
you have 4 features that you ’re working that are due soon
Let ’s get to work .
Endless , Easy , Non-File - System - Based , Local Branches
You ’d like to work on each of your 4 features A , B , C , and D independently and somewhat in parallel , though B looks like a quick win .
Let ’s compare the branching features offered by both Git and Subversion side - by - side as we get going :
Task Git Subversion
1 . Get a copy of the project on your local machine .
`git clone / srv/repos / local / copy` `svn checkout / srv/repos / local / copy` 2 .
Create branches A - D to represent the features you 're working on .
`git checkout -b A`
`git checkout -b B`
`git checkout -b C`
`git checkout -b
D` `svn copy / srv/repos / trunk / srv/repos / branches / A`
`svn checkout / srv/repos / branches / A /local / copy / branches / A`
`svn copy / srv/repos / trunk / srv/ path / repos / branches / B`
`svn checkout / srv/repos / branches / B /local / copy / branches / B`
`svn copy / srv/repos / trunk / srv/ path / repos / branches / C`
`svn checkout / srv/repos / branches / C /local / copy / branches / C`
`svn copy / srv/repos / trunk / srv/ path / repos / branches / D`
`svn checkout / srv/repos / branches / D /local / copy / branches / D` 3 . Feature B is very simple and you want to knock it out and get it into production ASAP .
`git checkout B`
[ work in editor ]
`git commit -a`
[ peer review ]
`git format - patch`
`git send - email` [ options will vary ]
[ peer gives you " thumbs up " ]
`git checkout master`
`git merge B`
`git push`
[ open text editor for branch B ]
[ work in editor ]
`svn commit`
[ peer review ]
[ send email to peer with branch name ]
[ peer checks out your branch locally to review ]
[ peer gives you " thumbs up " ]
`cd / local / copy / trunk`
`svn merge / local / copy / branches / B .`
`svn commit` 4 .
Get rid of unnecessary branch B. `git branch -d B` `svn delete / srv/repos / branches / B`
`svn update`
Note the key advantages
Git offered in each step :
Git creates a full repository with this command .
With Subversion , you ’re just checking out the files in the repository .
With each branch , no new files are created in the project file hierarchy on your system .
Since you have a full local repository , Git creates the files you need on the fly by processing the recorded changes .
With Subversion , you have to create every branch remotely on the server .
This can get messy depending on the size of your team .
If you decide to control branching to keep things clean , you forfeit the power branching offers .
With Git , we only push our work to the server AFTER collaboration ( more below ) .
With Subversion , it all hits the server .
Again , no file system work .
Since we ’re using a local repository , we let Git handle the details of removing the branch .
With Subversion , you still have the old copy until you update .
You either have to clean up manually , or “ update ” to clean up local and remote copies .
In addition , try to do this scenario on your laptop while not connected to the Internet .
With Git , no issues , the repository is local ; however , with Subversion , you ’re out of luck .
Your new branches will have to wait .
The advantages of Git for branching are clear in this simple branching scenario .
Let ’s continue to look at our scenario with non-trivial features A , C , and D that we ’re working on .
Stashing Temporary Work
You start working on A and you ’re about 100 lines of code into it when you get stumped on a math function .
The math wiz on your team is out for the day and you ’d rather not continue until you consult him .
You ’ve got some ideas for C , so you decide shift gears and get started .
Task Git Subversion
1 . Switch to branch A , write 100 lines of code `git checkout A` [ open text editor for branch A ] 2 .
Switch to branch C while waiting on a co-worker 's advise for A `git stash`
`git checkout C` [ close text editor for branch A ]
[ open text editor for branch C ] 3 .
Work on C for a while , get advise from co-worker and resume work on A `git stash`
`git checkout A`
`git stash list`
`git stash apply [ stash name ] ` [ close text editor for branch C ]
[ open text editor for branch A ]
At a glance , you might get the impression that Subversion is simpler , and you ’re probably right .
However , this is one case where simple may not be what you ’re looking for .
Let ’s look at each step :
The key thing to note in this and every step is how we switch between branches .
In Git , the repository handles this .
With Subversion , you ’re literally just working on a separate set of files .
Ultimately , it ’s up to you to manage retrieving and editing these files .
If you ’re using TextMate , you ’ll probably save a TextMate project file every time you branch simply to give you quick access to the branch .
If you branch a lot , this quickly becomes annoying , time consuming , and non-productive .
With Git , when you checkout a separate branch , it “ magically ” changes all of the files on your file system for you .
That means 1 project file is all you ever need .
Git handles the rest .
Git will “ float ” uncommitted changes .
This means that if simply did a “ git checkout C , ” you ’d bring with you all of the uncommitted work you did for A .
However , you do n’t want to commit A because it ’s not in a good working state .
Instead , you “ stash ” your work .
Stash is like a work in process commit .
Using it will tuck away your WIP changes without a formal commit , which allows you to change to C without “ floating ” any of your A changes .
The Subversion method is simpler , but you could potentially end up with several half - baked branches and no record of when you abandoned them .
Git ’s stash allows you to list all stashes , and even write a message when you stash .
It is far more powerful in this scenario .
Same as 2 , but shows the “ git stash list ” feature .
So now we can work smoothly between multiple branches without worry of the consequences of interruption .
Git thus far has shown immense strength in two key areas , but let ’s revisit collaboration to seal the deal .
Collaboration Before Public Commits
It ’s now weeks later and you ’re working on D .
After some round table discussions with the team , you all agree that D may not be the best approach .
A co-worker starts working on his own branch E and a few days later wants to review it with you .
Task Git Subversion
1 . Review co-workers suggested changes in his branch E [ check your email for patch ]
[ review patch ] `svn checkout / srv/repos / branches / E /local / copy / branches / E`
[ open text editor for branch E ]
`svn log [ to find changes ] `
`svn diff [ to view changes ]
`
[ review branch ]
2 .
Agree that E is better and destroy your branch D `git branch - D D` `svn delete / srv/repos / branches / D`
`svn update`
Git offers power by putting collaboration up front before commits are public for all to see .
Consider in each step :
Git has a nice feature to create “ patches . ”
They are simply changes to code , very similar to a diff .
The idea is that you create patches from commits you ’ve only made on your local copy of the repository .
When your co-worker sent you the patch for E , no one else on the team had to see his commit logs , branches , etc. , in the public repository because they never existed there .
You are collaborating about E via emailed patches .
With Subversion , it ’s all on the server , all the time .
With Git , deleting an abandoned branch is simple and clean .
The work done in D will never be seen by the public , i.e. , your team .
You ’ve spared the team clutter both in the logs and on their file systems .
With Subversion , the clean up is on you .
Should you forget to delete D , it ’s has the potential to get used and that could be bad .
Conversely , someone else may have quietly checked out D and been working on something .
When you delete it from the public repository , their commit will surely fail .
Conclusion
There are literally hundreds of features for both Git and Subversion .
While you may have detailed reasons to choose one over the other , I think these 3 high level reasons are strongly convincing in favor of Git .
If you have differing opinions , I ’d love to hear them .
Loss of sleep , even for a few short hours during the night , can prompt one ’s immune system to turn against healthy tissue and organs .
A new article in the September 15th issue of Biological Psychiatry , by the UCLA Cousins Center research team , reports that losing sleep for even part of one night can trigger the key cellular pathway that produces tissue - damaging inflammation .
The findings suggest a good night ’s sleep can ease the risk of both heart disease and autoimmune disorders such as rheumatoid arthritis .
Specifically , the researchers measured the levels of nuclear factor ( NF ) - κB , a transcription factor that serves a vital role in the body ’s inflammatory signaling , in healthy adults .
These measurements were repeatedly assessed , including in the morning after baseline ( or normal ) sleep , after partial sleep deprivation ( where the volunteers were awake from 11 pm to 3:00 am ) , and after recovery sleep .
In the morning after sleep loss , they discovered that activation of ( NF ) - κB signaling was significantly greater than after baseline or recovery sleep .
It ’s important to note that they found this increase in inflammatory response in only the female subjects .
These data close an important gap in understanding the cellular mechanisms by which sleep loss enhances inflammatory biology in humans , with implications for understanding the association between sleep disturbance and risk of a wide spectrum of medical conditions including cardiovascular disease , arthritis , diabetes , certain cancers , and obesity .
John H. Krystal , M.D. , Editor of Biological Psychiatry and affiliated with both Yale University School of Medicine and the VA Connecticut Healthcare System , comments : “ The closer that we look at sleep , the more that we learn about the benefits of sleeping .
In this case , Irwin and colleagues provide evidence that sleep deprivation is associated with enhancement of pro-inflammatory processes in the body . ”
“ Physical and psychological stress brought on in part by grinding work , school and social schedules is keeping millions of Americans up at night , ” said Dr. Irwin , lead author and director of the Cousins Center for Psychoneuroimmunology at the Semel Institute .
“ America ’s sleep habits are simply not healthy .
Our findings suggest even modest sleep loss may play a role in common disorders that affect sweeping segments of the population . ”
In other words , sleep is vitally important to maintaining a healthy body .
And as Dr. Krystal notes , “ these findings provide a potential mechanistic avenue through which addressing sleep disturbance might improve health . ”
It 's no secret that cold and flu season peaks in winter .
And if you 're looking for ways to stay well , one priority , say experts , is simple : Follow a wholesome diet , just as you should any time of year .
But that can be a tall order during the busy holiday season , when hectic social schedules and family commitments often interfere with regular meals .
Nutritionists recommend foods -- not supplements -- to help you stay strong through the winter .
Food alone can't protect against the common cold or influenza , and the science is n't yet clear on which or how much of some nutrients may help bolster immunity to reduce your risk of getting sick .
But experts agree that a diet rich in a variety of produce , whole grains , lean proteins , and low - fat dairy products -- along with adequate sleep , moderate exercise , and minimal stress -- contributes to a well - functioning immune system and may promote a faster recovery if you do come down with a cold or flu .
CookingLight.com : Choose healthful treats this holiday season
Stay hydrated
Water is the largest single constituent of the human body -- contributing to at least half your body weight -- but it's " also a forgotten nutrient , " says Jennifer K. Nelson , M.S. , R.D. , director of clinical dietetics at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester , Minnesota .
This essential nutrient ( meaning it 's one the body can't produce on its own ) promotes healthy muscle , bone , and blood .
Adequate hydration is even more important once you 're sick because fluids lost through sneezing , watery eyes , and a runny nose need replacing .
" When you have a mild fever , your body becomes more dehydrated as a result .
So drinking plenty of fluids is probably the first line of defense , " Nelson says .
CookingLight.com :
Water is n't the only way to stay hydrated
Do n't Miss Expert Q&A : Why do I get colds despite constant hand washing ?
The Institute of Medicine ( IOM ) recommends an average 11 cups of fluids daily ( from beverages and foods ) for healthy women , while men need about 15.5 cups per day .
Water , coffee , tea , and juice , as well as water - filled foods such as fruit , vegetables , soups and stews all count toward daily hydration needs .
Choose food
While it 's known that certain nutrients like vitamins C , E , and A , as well as the mineral zinc , are associated with immune functions , it 's hard to attribute specific immunity - boosting benefits to any one nutrient because of inconclusive research .
" Many studies have been done in nutrition and immune function , involving numerous nutrients -- and [ they ] come out with different , often contradicting results , " says Dayong Wu , Ph.D. , a scientist in the Nutritional Immunology Laboratory , the USDA Human Nutrition Research Center on Aging , and assistant professor at the Friedman School of Nutrition and Science Policy at Tufts University .
Because a nutritional intervention may have different effects on people of different ages or nutrition status as noted in scientific studies ,
Wu says , it 's difficult to make broad recommendations based on study findings .
" In general , it 's easier to see positive , immune - strengthening results by supplementing someone with a vitamin or mineral that he is deficient in , " he says .
The same benefits may not confer to " people with adequate intake . "
That 's why Julia Zumpano , R.D. , of the Cleveland Clinic Department of Preventive Cardiology , recommends foods -- not supplements -- to help you stay strong through the winter .
" An overall healthful diet rich in vitamins and minerals is your best bet for the cold weather months , " says Zumpano .
" You 'll also benefit from other nutrients not typically found in supplements when you eat a whole food . "
She encourages plenty of fruits and vegetables ( for vitamins C and E ) ; whole grains , lean meats , and poultry ( for zinc ) ; and low - fat dairy products ( for vitamin A ) .
For example , in addition to vitamin E , a whole grain like quinoa or rye bread offers fiber , B vitamins , minerals , and other nutrients , which support overall good health .
CookingLight.com : Pomegranates pack a punch
Fruits , vegetables , and seafood may also help you enjoy a healthier winter .
Pumpkin , butternut squash , and other deep - hued orange produce provide beta- carotene , which is converted in the body to vitamin A . Choose citrus , like grapefruit , oranges , kumquats , tangerines , and clementines as well as canned tomatoes , chiles , or pineapple for vitamin C. Oysters offer zinc .
Check out our gallery for recipes that deliver these healthful nutrients , plus information on how green tea and yogurt may help your immune system this winter .
For more tips on making healthy taste great , try Cooking Light - CLICK HERE
Copyright 2009 Cooking Light magazine .
All rights reserved .
All About Diet and Nutrition • Fruits and Vegetables • Stress
Tales of Rationing By David Henderson
In yesterday ’s post , I stated :
David Kennedy makes the claim that rationing was not used extensively in the United States during World War II .
I think he ’s wrong .
Read sometime about how people could n’t drive their cars due to gas rationing .
Some of the commenters backed me up .
I have three tales of rationing : one from my late mother - in - law , one from a friend ’s mother , and one from the late David Brinkley .
1 . I interviewed my mother - in - law in the late 1990s about her life .
She told about how little they had during the war when she lived in Brooklyn .
I asked her whether rationing of meat , sugar , etc. was a big deal .
She said no .
Then she explained that it was a big problem for most people around her but that her father ran a grocery store .
Not that she would have put it this way , but the artificially low price of meat made the opportunity cost of meat artificially low and so grocers would use it for their families .
With a free market price , the price would have been high and grocers would have conserved .
But with a low ceiling price , the grocer would see the opportunity cost as the amount of money he could have earned by selling , not that amount of money plus a ration coupon .
( Ration coupons were useless to the retailers who collected them from customers . )
2 . The mother of a friend was a young girl during World War II .
Her family was close to the family of a butcher .
As a result , they got more meat than usual because the butcher violated the rules to give them more meat .
Her parents told her not to tell anyone because they were worried about legal consequences .
That sounds like serious rationing to me .
Interestingly , my friend called his mother this morning , after reading yesterday ’s post , to get this story straight .
His mother said , “ But do n’t tell anyone . ”
This , by the way , is the corrosive effect of government blocking peaceful exchange : it makes people think they are criminals and , 65 years later , she ’s still worried about the consequences .
3 . In his memoirs , 11 Presidents , 4 Wars , 22 Political Conventions , 1 Moon Landing , 3 Assassinations , 2,000 Weeks of News and Other Stuff on Television , and 18 Years of Growing up in North Carolina , late ABC newsman David Brinkley told of a romance he had in Nashville during World War II with a woman named Virginia Mansell .
But then his employer , UP , decided to move him from Nashville to Charlotte , North Carolina .
The romance ended .
Why ?
Here are Brinkley ’s words :
And in wartime , to get from Charlotte to Nashville to see Virginia was nearly impossible .
The new gasoline ration was too small to allow me to drive .
Airplane and railroad tickets required a priority .
In short , there was rationing of gasoline , rail tickets , and airline tickets .
No big deal , right ?
After all , Brinkley married someone else .
So read what he wrote next :
So Virginia slipped quietly out of my life , and I never saw her again , but I have never forgotten her for a day .
Rationing , in short , was a big deal .
This makes obvious sense if you think about it for a moment .
The police plan a raid on someone 's home .
They do n’t know if they will be allowed in .
They need to make sure that the evidence will not be destroyed while they stand on the doorstep .
They obtain a search warrant in advance .
When the door is opened , they ask if they can search the premises .
Either consent is granted , in which case there is no problem .
Or it is refused — and they immediately produce the warrant .
That must happen every day .
Icelanders have been roused to street protests by their plight
Iceland may apply to join the European Union as soon as next year , the EU 's enlargement commissioner says .
Olli Rehn said the European Commission was " mentally preparing for the possibility of an application from Iceland ... for early next year " .
Iceland has always preferred to stay outside the EU , but after being badly hit by the economic crisis , some are now advocating its entry .
" Clearly there is movement in Iceland , " Mr Rehn said .
His office said Iceland , should it formally apply , would probably meet accession criteria much more quickly than other countries , which can take years , or decades .
" The EU 's door is open to any European country that respects the principles of liberty , democracy and human rights and can carry the obligations of EU membership , " said Anna -Kaisa Itkonen , a spokeswoman for Mr Rehn 's office .
" Considering Iceland 's already far - going economic integration with the EU , I would expect that accession negotiations can progress clearly much faster than with other countries that do not have such strong ties with the EU . "
Thousands of Icelanders have lost their jobs since the country 's banking sector - the cornerstone of its economy - collapsed through over - exposure to the credit crunch .
The currency has also fallen through the floor , leading to growing support for the country joining the euro .
Iceland 's Prime Minister Geir Haarde has said that his country could start talks on joining the EU , under the right circumstances .
He has set up a commission to consider the possibility of EU membership .
Brownies for
Two made with deep , dark black cocoa .
They make the perfect - sized dessert for you and your honey , in a matter of minutes !
Disclosure : I purchased my copy of Dessert for Two , and all opinions of the book are my own .
There are Amazon affiliate links in this post .
If you purchase anything after …
Four square metres of rainforest are destroyed for every gram of cocaine snorted in the UK , a conference of senior police officers as told yesterday .
Francisco Santos Calderón , the vice - president of Colombia , appealed to British users of the class A drug to consider the impact on the environment .
He said that while the green agenda would not persuade addicts to give up , the middle - class social user who drove a hybrid car and was concerned about the environment might not take the drug if they knew its impact .
Santos said 300,000 hectares of rainforest were destroyed each year in Colombia to clear land for coca plant cultivation , predominantly controlled by illegal groups , including the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , known as Farc .
Officers were told cocaine and heroin use cost the British economy around £ 15 bn a year in health and crime bills .
Santos outlined to the Association of Chief Police Officers how lives were lost in the illegal cocaine trade in Colombia .
He said landmines that were used to protect crops and processing labs killed almost 900 civilians this year .
Farc and other groups funded by narcotics production were also involved in kidnapping .
The Colombian - French politician Ingrid Betancourt was held for more than six years before her release earlier this year , and Santos himself was kidnapped and held by a cocaine gang for 18 months in the 1990s .
He told the Belfast conference : " If you snort a gram of cocaine , you are destroying four square metres of rainforest and that rainforest is not just Colombian - it belongs to all of us who live on this planet , so we should all be worried about it .
Not only that , the money that you use to buy the cocaine goes into the hands of Farc , of illegal groups that plant mines , that kidnap , that kill , that use terrorism to protect their business . "
Santos said many middle - class Britons who used cocaine were unaware of its environmental impact .
" For somebody who drives a hybrid , who recycles , who is worried about global warming - to tell him that that night of partying will destroy 4 m square of rainforest might lead him to make another decision . "
Santos said Europe was experiencing a boom in cocaine use among more affluent people that was comparable with that seen in the USA 25 years ago .
Everyone , he said , had a duty to change their behaviour to halt a rise in demand that was destroying his country .
" We call it shared responsibility , We can't do it on our own .
We need everybody 's action ; police here , police in Colombia , the authorities in both countries and the consumers too .
If there is no consumption , there will be no production .
" There is a sense of frustration , because here drug use is seen as a personal choice and to some extent cocaine is seen as the champagne of drugs which causes no effect and is a victimless crime .
It is not victimless . "
Bill Hughes , the director general of the Serious and Organised Crime Agency , told the conference that the UK was a very attractive market for drug traffickers .
" There is still a lot of disposable income ; the risk compared to the US if you are caught is felt to be much less , " he said .
The £ 15 bn cost to the economy reduced the amount of money available for schools , teachers and police officers .
He said traffickers moved their drugs from South America to west Africa , and then to the EU and Britain , often operating through insecure countries with poor law enforcement .
Spain , Portugal and the Netherlands were major staging posts on the trafficking routes and much of the synthetic drug market was supplied from the Netherlands .
Hughes said the proceeds of crime were undermining or corrupting governments globally , with the trade worth £ 4 bn - £ 6.6bn in the UK .
• This article was amended on Thursday November 27 2008 .
We wrongly reported Francisco Santos Calderón , vice - president of Colombia , as saying : " If you snort a gram of cocaine , you are destroying 4 m square of rainforest . "
As we said elsewhere in the article , the figure he gave was four square metres .
This has been corrected .
Britain's coke habit
• The UK has the highest number of cocaine users in the EU , according to the latest figures
• Acpo was told that 14 % of the UK 's population had used cocaine .
After increases in the last few years , numbers who took the drug were now stabilising
• The drugs come to Britain from South America via west Africa .
Drugs are often trafficked through insecure countries with poor law enforcement
• Figures from the British Crime Survey this month suggested about 810,000 Britons had taken cocaine in the last year
• Some 3 % of people questioned admitted using class A drugs over the past 12 months , which was less than in the previous year
By Jonathan Marcus
BBC Diplomatic Correspondent
Christopher Hill has been the US envoy for years of negotiations
The effort to persuade North Korea to roll back its nuclear programme was , until recently , one of the modest successes for the Bush administration 's foreign policy .
The man leading the effort , chief US negotiator Christopher Hill , is a hugely respected diplomat , well - versed in the intricacies of the subject .
For an administration criticised for its unilateralism , this was very much a multilateral effort , the framework for the discussions being the six - party talks involving the two Koreas , the US , Russia , China and Japan .
Having China on board and trying to view the North Korean nuclear problem through a regional prism had many advantages , even though tensions between North Korea and Japan have complicated matters over recent months .
Soft touch ?
Indeed the Bush administration has significantly shifted both the tone and the substance of its policy towards North Korea .
Highly symbolic was the president 's decision in October to remove North Korea from the list of state sponsors of terrorism .
The Bush administration 's effort to reach out to Pyongyang was seen as a betrayal of fundamental principle by some conservative hardliners , not least the former UN ambassador John Bolton .
Kim Jong-il is notoriously elusive , and has recently been unwell
They believed that the administration had gone soft - and they may take some solace from the way things have actually turned out .
The real difficulty , though , has been the impenetrability of the North Korean regime ; the illness of its leader who appears to have recovered from a recent stroke ; and the fact that it was clear that the Bush administration was simply running out of time .
Challenges ahead Now US President - elect Barack Obama can add this dossier too to his ever - increasing in - tray .
In the nature of these " off- again , on - again " talks with North Korea , it may well be possible to resume discussions within a matter of months .
However it must be remembered that , so far , the talks have only been about freezing Pyongyang 's existing civil nuclear programme .
Its presumed stockpile of nuclear weapons remains to be tackled .
And North Korea is likely to remain as touchy as ever about verification - the issue that hobbled the current round of contacts .
Verification of North Korea 's nuclear material has proved a sticking point Gary Samore , a nuclear disarmament expert with the Council on Foreign Relations in New York , believes that Mr Obama will have little new to offer .
" I think the main lesson is that the US is condemned to continue with the tortuous six - party process without any real guarantee of success , " he says .
No country in the region , he adds , is prepared to accept regime change as a policy towards Pyongyang , hence the Bush administration 's shift towards incrementalism offering inducements of food aid and fuel oil for small shifts in North Korea 's behaviour .
So the course for the new US president may in effect be already set .
There may be no alternative but pursuing a policy that experts believe is very unlikely to produce disarmament on the part of the North Koreans any time soon .
But Gary Samore has one key piece of advice for the new Obama team .
The first priority for the new administration , he insists , must be to mend relations with its allies .
" The abrupt changes in US policy , " he says , " have badly damaged the confidence of America 's key partners , South Korea and Japan .
" They have even raised questions as to whether the US is really serious about securing North Korean nuclear disarmament . "
Indeed some in South Korea and Japan even fear that an Obama administration might be even more generous towards Pyongyang in its quest for an agreement .
So the Obama administration , in his view , must lower expectations and restore the confidence of allies , while making sure North Korea 's real intentions are tested .
" Pyongyang must be made to convince the other members of the six - party process that it is really serious about disarmament .
And at the moment nobody believes that it is . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The OPEC cartel is preparing to announce its biggest production cut in decades , as producers struggle to contain a collapse in prices amid a global recession , Saudi Arabian and other OPEC representatives said Tuesday .
But that did not stop oil prices from falling again as the market focused on the dire state of the global economy .
Oil futures shed 91 cents to settle at $ 43.60 a barrel in New York , putting OPEC under pressure as its members meet Wednesday in Algeria for their fourth gathering since September .
Saudi Arabia , the world ’s top exporter , and other producers said that OPEC was considering a cut of two million barrels a day , or the equivalent of 2.5 percent of global production , to “ bring things in balance , ” according to the Saudi oil minister , Ali al - Naimi .
It would be the third cut announced by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries in three months , and comes on top of previous pledges to slash daily production by a total of two million barrels .
OPEC producers account for about 40 percent of the world ’s oil .
Oil prices are continuing to weaken as demand slows
Oil prices have further extended their losses on growing signs of weakening demand from consumers amid the global economic slowdown .
Weak US new home sales figures put further downward pressure on prices after Monday 's fall on Wall Street and decline in Japanese exports .
US light , sweet crude slipped 93 cents to $ 38.98 a barrel , having already fallen 6 % on Monday .
Brent crude oil also fell , by $ 1.09 , to $ 40.36 a barrel .
" The bears appear to be in control , aided by weak equity markets as the global economic slump offers a depressive ring to the festive period , " said Rob Laughlin , senior oil analyst at MF Global in London .
Meanwhile , China cut its interest rates on Monday for the fifth time in four months amid mounting anxiety about spreading job losses and worker protests .
Surging demand from China and other emerging nations had sent oil prices to record highs of $ 147 a barrel in July , before the economic crisis began to slow demand .
Now , however , even in China oil demand is falling , shrinking for the first time in three years in November .
Production cuts
The trend at the moment is still south
Justin Wilks , Global Commodities
In a bid to support oil prices , the producers ' cartel , Opec , has said it would reduce production by about 5 % of world supplies to counter the plunge in demand .
Last week Opec agreed to cut 2.2 million barrels a day of production , and the group has indicated it was ready to reduce supply further if needed .
However , oil traders have said they are most concerned for now with seeing evidence that Opec countries are implementing the cuts they have already agreed .
" The trend at the moment is still south , " said Justin Wilks , of the fund managers Global Commodities .
" Any amount of production cuts will take a little time to come through , but just as with base metals it 's all tied to economics at the moment , " he said .
Later on Tuesday traders will be looking for confirmation the US economy contracted by 0.5 % in the third quarter , in line with preliminary figures .
On Wednesday , weekly US oil inventory figures are expected to show that crude stocks rose by 300,000 barrels in the week to 19 December .
Meanwhile , energy ministers from gas exporting countries are meeting in Moscow amid suggestions that they want to set up an organisation similar to Opec .
The countries involved include Russia , Algeria , Iran , Libya , Qatar and Venezuela .
Russia has said the main idea of the organisation is to exchange views .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
69 Jahre nach Elsers mutigem Attentat auf Hitler hat man sich entschlossen , ihm in Berlin ein Denkmal zu setzen .
Heute früh kurz nach 00:00
Uhr berichtete der Deutschlandfunk davon und wies auf die Gründe der Missachtung dieses großartigen Menschen hin .
Dem Sinne nach :
Er war nicht adlig , gehörte nicht zum Bürgertum und auch nicht zu kirchlichen Kreisen , seine Geschichte ist wie ein Spiegel , der den Mitläufern vorgehalten wird .
Interessant auch , dass Elser in einschlägigen Werken wie bei Joachim Fest z.B. nicht vorkommt .
Geschichtsschreibung ist oft nur der Spiegelbild dessen , was in der veröffentlichten Meinung vorkommt .
Elser kam nach dem Krieg dort nicht vor . –
Viele auch unserer Nutzer wissen nichts von Elser , können das gar nicht wissen , weil sein Wirken lange totgeschwiegen wurde .
Deshalb hier zwei Links :
Wenn Sie Zeit haben , stöbern
Sie hier und bei anderen Einträgen ein bisschen .
Albrecht Müller
Little People or people with Dwarfism are adults under the height of 4'10 .
Dwarfism occurs in people who have developed a non-traditional bone growth and therefore some have a larger than average face , some with shorter limbs on their body and all are dramatically shorter than the general population .
There are 200 different types of Dwarfism .
Little People like LGBT people are considered " freaks of nature " , they get stares and people misunderstand them .
In looking for resources for Little LGBT People , I found virtually nothing .
I decided , to make an entry to educate people about little people as well as provide as much info as I can for LGBT Little People .
It is my sincere hope that LGBT Little People can find solace , comfort and community and that they can begin to network and build a foundation and support system for their own sub-section of the community .
The parallels between being Little and Queer :
Both of these groups suffer tremendous misunderstanding by a society that deems them to be unnatural , or genetic deviants .
As a result , people with one or both of these identities are subject to teasing , bullying , stares and public humiliation .
Both groups must constantly be reminded of their differences , the Little Person must always look up in a giant world , and have to alter their ways to get by in a world designed for bigger people , whereas the queer person must always be reminded of the heteronormative structure , and if remaining in the closet alter their own worldview so that they can blend in with society at large .
Faggots , Dykes and Midgets oh my :
All of these words are degrading to LGBT people and people with Dwarfism .
A " midget " is a " small sandfly " and the term is used by the oppressor to torment the other , and to negate their sense of humanity and dignity .
Just like words like faggot and dyke are used to belittle an individual and to rid them of their sense of humanity , " midget " is a term used to assert dominance over another .
LGBT Little People and Their Unique Struggle :
LGBT Little People go through an experience unlike any other Little Person .
Not only are they disadvantaged because they live in a world that does not make accommodations for people of their size , they also live in a world that does not understand sexual and gender variance .
Dating is exceptionally hard for Little People , most average sized individuals regard them " as cute " but do not take them seriously for romantic encounters .
In addition it is hard enough to find a soulmate , among the general population , it is doubly troublesome to find another queer person who is either a Little Person or can see past proportional variations .
Fetishizing and Objectifying Little People :
One of the problems with straight and queer culture and society is the fetishization of Little People .
Whether it is through the use of " midgets " in pornography or the entertainment industry using Little People as a form of comedy .
Little People are being subject to being used for others self gratification and pleasure rather than getting known for who they are and what their unique experience brings to the table .
Some links for LGBT Little People :
Laurie 's Personal Page
A Discussion Topic on Gay Dwarfs at Real Jock Forums
A Discussion about Little Lesbians
Miss Trina Rose
General Links for Little People :
Little People of America
Dwarf Products
Little People the Book by Dan Kennedy
I hope I can do justice to this topic , there is little information out there for LGBT Little People .
I hope to update this topic when I find more information and resources in the future .
If you know of something please do n't hesitate to share !
Mini Nuclear Power Plants For Your Neighborhood In Five Years
November 9th , 2008 by Jerry James Stone
Scientists at the US government laboratory which developed the first atomic bomb say nuclear power plants smaller than a garden shed and able to power about 20,000 homes will be available within the next five years .
The miniature reactors will be factory - sealed , absent of any weapon - grade materials , and also have no moving parts .
Awesome .
Call them Nükleer and we can sell them at Ikea !
[ social_buttons ]
The US government has licensed the technology to Hyperion .
The company said last week that it has taken its first firm orders and plans to start mass production within five years .
‘ Our goal is to generate electricity for 10 cents a watt anywhere in the world , ’ said John Deal , chief executive of Hyperion .
‘ They will cost approximately $ 25 m each .
For a community with 10,000 households , that is a very affordable $ 250 per home . ’
The company plans to set up three factories to produce 4,000 plants between 2013 and 2023 .
‘ We already have a pipeline for 100 reactors , and we are taking our time to tool up to mass - produce this reactor . ’
The reactors must be refueled every seven to ten years .
Because the reactor is based on a 50 - year - old design that has proved safe for students to use , few countries are expected to object to plants on their territory .
An application to build the plants will be submitted to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission next year .
‘ You could never have a Chernobyl - type event – there are no moving parts , ’ said Deal .
‘ You would need nation - state resources in order to enrich our uranium .
Temperature - wise it ’s too hot to handle .
It would be like stealing a barbecue with your bare hands . ’
Eh , I dunno … I would n’t want to be a beta tester , I ’ll tell ya that .
Source : guardian.co.uk | Image : tico24 on Flickr under Creative Commons
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
It ’s been two years of the most expensive U.S. Senate race in the country , three weeks of painstaking recounting of votes , days of mounting tension over challenged ballots and , at the last minute , 133 missing ballots .
And only one thing is clear :
We still do n’t know who Minnesota ’s senator is .
The largest recount in state history is over , but the task of determining a winner has barely begun .
What ?
You thought the recount would decide it ?
If Republican Sen. Norm Coleman or Democratic challenger Al Franken hopes to be sworn in on time Jan. 6 — and the odds of that dwindle as the recount drags on — he will first have to go through a five - member state canvassing board charged with determining voter intent on potentially thousands of challenged ballots .
Even after that process begins Dec. 16 — Secretary of State Mark Ritchie has given the board three days , though most believe it will take much longer — the candidates are likely to find themselves careening through the halls of justice and possibly the corridors of power in the very body where they hope to be seated : the U.S. Senate .
In other words , it could be a while .
“ This is a long process with many steps in it , ” Franken spokesman Andy Barr said .
“ We ’re about to end this phase and move to another phase . ”
How many phases remain is unknown .
If the recount follows the course of other recounts and lands in court , it ’s hard to tell how long it could be before a winner is declared .
The campaigns appear to be gearing up for a long fight , with each actively raising money .
Campaign spokesman Mark Drake said Coleman has raised $ 1.8 million since Election Day , and the Republican Party of Minnesota also is raising cash .
Franken ’s camp said it has raised $ 2.1 million , a figure that includes a DFL recount fund .
Each is overseeing legions of volunteers and lawyers who have fanned out across the state to monitor the tiniest details of the recount process .
“ I think Minnesotans recognize that this is history , ” Drake said .
“ This is significant .
It really does matter .
People are very willing to take time off from work and their families to work on this . ”
THE NEXT SORT IS MONDAY
After Coleman started the recount with a 215 - vote lead , Franken was able to whittle that number to 192 .
But the number means little because of 6,655 challenged ballots not included in the 2.9 million recounted .
The campaigns have withdrawn nearly 1,300 of those challenges , with more expected before the canvassing board , made up of Ritchie and four jurists , takes up the matter .
Nor do the numbers include Minneapolis ’ Ward 3 , Precinct 1 , where one envelope containing 133 ballots disappeared last week , resulting in a hunt that has proved fruitless .
That was one of the major snafus in a sometimes - tense process that by and large went smoothly .
Another was when Ramsey County located 171 ballots not counted on Election Day , resulting in a net gain of 37 votes for Franken .
The next phase in the recount begins Monday , when counties begin separating rejected absentee ballots into five stacks — those rejected for one of the four reasons spelled out in state law and a fifth pile that could include improperly rejected absentee votes .
The state canvassing board will debate what to do with that fifth pile when it meets Friday , but some counties wo n’t finish sorting the rejected absentees until Dec. 17 or later .
STATE HAS A PRECEDENT
So what happens once the canvassing board finishes its work ?
With all the issues the campaigns raised about ballots — not all of which may be under the canvassing board ’s authority — many observers think the recount is headed to court .
Is it ?
“ I think , unfortunately , yes , ” said Edward Foley , director of the election law program at Ohio State University .
The campaigns are careful to avoid talk of court but neither has ruled it out .
Last week , Coleman recount attorney Fritz Knaak suggested the Franken campaign should pledge to stay out of court .
But when asked , Knaak would n’t make a similar pledge if it should turn out Coleman is not ahead once the canvassing board certifies that race .
“ We have n’t considered that , ” Knaak said .
“ And that ’s the truth . …
Our posture and legal posture and our preparation has all been in anticipation of defensive moves , if necessary , in the event there ’s a ( legal ) challenge by the Franken campaign . ”
The Franken campaign wo n’t say whether it thinks court is inevitable .
“ We have been very , very consistent in our unwillingness to speculate , ” Barr said .
If that were to happen , Foley suggested the state follow its own precedent from the disputed 1962 gubernatorial recount between Karl Rolvaag and Elmer Andersen .
After early Minnesota Supreme Court rulings fell along party lines , the two candidates agreed to a jointly chosen panel of judges .
With the current state Supreme Court devoid of Democratic - Farmer - Labor appointees , a bipartisan panel might help voters and the candidates accept any rulings .
Furthermore , it could minimize the possibility of U.S. Senate involvement , which has ultimate authority over its membership , Foley said .
“ If Minnesota replicates the fair process used in ’ 62 — if the court that resolves this dispute is seen as fair to both sides — I think it would be hard for the Senate to unilaterally undo the work that was done by that Minnesota body , ” Foley said .
That possibility has been speculated on since the early stages of the recount .
It rose to the forefront after comments by lead Franken attorney Marc Elias and was followed by a round of jawboning by Senate leaders .
SENATE COULD JUMP IN
If the past is any guide , Senate involvement means anything but a quick resolution .
Following an excruciatingly close 1974 New Hampshire race , the Senate took up the election in an effort to determine the winner , delving into 3,500 disputed ballots , weighing affidavits from voters and investigating issues such as ballot security .
It dragged on for months .
Finally , in May 1975 , a deadlocked Committee on Rules and Administration asked the full Senate to get involved .
“ The consideration of individual ballots alone has entailed a total of 656 Committee roll - call votes , perhaps an unprecedented number by any committee on any assignment in the history of the Senate , ” the committee ’s report read .
The full Senate was no help , and the two candidates eventually decided to hold a new election — 10 months after the original vote .
EVERY MISTAKE IS MAGNIFIED
As the recount drags on and the rhetoric heats up , as online message boards light up with allegations that the fix is in , one way or the other , the question emerges of whether voters will accept the result .
Charles Seife , a journalism professor at New York University who traveled to Minnesota to observe the recount , said he doubts the hand counting is ever going to result in a clear winner .
He has called Minnesota ’s recount “ doomed . ”
Why ?
With the race so tight , every mistake is magnified — and there are mistakes aplenty .
In one recounted Mankato precinct , Seife pointed out , ballot counters listed 15 “ other ” ballots , or ballots that were n’t for Coleman or Franken .
Yet according to Election Day totals , Independence Party candidate Dean Barkley garnered 142 votes in that precinct .
Seife also noted that several precincts have been hand - counted twice — once during a customary audit of selected precincts across the state and once during the actual recount .
In some of those precincts , such as St. Paul ’s Ward 3 , Precinct 5 , or Becker County ’s Sauk Rapids Precinct 4 , the two hand recounts came to different conclusions , even though there were no challenges .
That means one of the two hand recounts was wrong .
And in a race this close , that ’s crucial , Seife said .
“ With an error rate this high , you count it one day , Coleman wins .
You count it another day , Franken wins , ” Seife said .
“ I think there ’s many ways this can end , and however it ends , I think people are going to be unsatisfied . ”
WASHINGTON RECOUNT WENT TO COURT
For all the controversy , there is little happening in Minnesota that other states have n’t seen before .
The similarities between the Minnesota recount and , for example , one held in the state of Washington for its 2004 gubernatorial race are disarming .
Both were statewide hand recounts , with close to 3 million ballots cast and candidates separated by a razor - thin margin .
At this point in Washington ’s recount , things were also relatively calm .
It was n’t until after the state recount concluded and the race landed in court that things flew off the rails .
The attending lawsuits alleged everything from dead voters to fabricated ballots .
Democratic candidate Christine Gregoire was certified the winner and sworn in even as lawyers continued to battle it out .
The wrangling continued until June 2005 — seven months after voters cast their ballots — when a strongly worded judicial ruling ended Republican hopes .
But the process also provided guideposts for issues that have emerged in the Minnesota recount .
For example , the Washington Supreme Court ruled elections officials could revisit ballot consideration decisions , allowing more than 700 absentee votes to be recounted after they were mistakenly identified as having mismatched signatures .
Franken has raised that very issue .
And six weeks after Election Day , Washington elections officials also decided to open a warehouse in that state ’s largest county to look for 162 missing ballots .
Hennepin County officials made a similar decision this week .
But unlike in Washington , they found nothing .
Rachel E. Stassen - Berger contributed to this report .
COMMENTARY :
Superstition almost forbids me to comment on President - elect Barack Obama ’s appointments thus far .
The news has been so shockingly welcome that I ’m almost afraid to remark on it for fear of breaking the spell .
Such reticence has not afflicted everyone on the right , though .
Here ’s Max Boot , conservative editorialist , author and military historian : “ I am gobsmacked by these appointments , most of which could just as easily have come from a President McCain . ”
Sen . Mitch McConnell , the Senate minority leader , declared that the Obama administration was “ off to a good start . ”
And New York Times columnist David Brooks has acknowledged he is “ tremendously impressed . ”
If I were a left - winger , I would be tearing out my hair about now .
The economic team of Lawrence Summers , Timothy Geithner and Christina Romer does not exactly send a “ to the ramparts ” message .
Mr. Summers , treasury secretary under Bill Clinton , is known for his belief in free financial markets , free trade and fiscal discipline .
He got into terrific trouble as president of Harvard for implying that , on average , men are more mathematically talented than women ( which is true but that is irrelevant in the Ivy League ) .
They made him grovel for that one , and , to his shame , he did so .
The whole scene at Harvard , I gather from Stephan Thernstrom , who was there , was like something out of China ’s Cultural Revolution where the mob makes the professor confess error and beg for punishment .
Still , if you want a centrist , Mr. Summers is your man .
Mr. Geithner is a Summers protege .
As president of the New York Federal Reserve Bank he has been knee - deep in bailouts over the last three months .
But that datum does n’t distinguish him from the Bush administration or anyone in the mainstream of America ’s economic elite .
Mrs. Romer recently penned an article making the case that tax cuts can increase economic activity .
Hmmm .
If the economic team is centrist , the foreign policy team ( and I pinch myself as I say this ) leans a little to the right .
Did you notice that in introducing his choices , the president - elect used the term “ defeat our enemies ” ?
Gen. James Jones , Mr. Obama ’s choice for national security adviser , is a four - star Marine general who was commandant of the Marine Corps and supreme allied commander for Europe ( SACEUR ) , among other posts .
Response to his nomination among conservatives ranged from cautious optimism to outright enthusiasm .
“ He is a thoroughly decent man ” one conservative foreign policy analyst told me .
Though his political views are not known , he has received the “ Keeper of the Flame ” award from the hard - line Center for Security Policy .
The Foundation for the Defense of Democracy ’s ( and National Review ’s ) Michael Ledeen , no coddler of wimps , calls him “ almost unbearably delightful ” in the two or three conversations they have had .
Everyone seems to agree he has high intelligence and deep patriotism .
If there is a hesitation , it arises from the fact he is , like Colin Powell and Brent Scowcroft , a political general , and those have not always worked out so well .
As for Hillary Clinton , well , she is no Jeane Kirkpatrick .
While it ’s true she declined to apologize for her vote in favor of the Iraq war , she did everything but .
It was only last year that she told Gen. David Petraeus that his report on progress in Iraq “ require[ed ] a willing suspension of disbelief . ”
She opposed the surge of troops in Iraq but then - this is chutzpah ! - attempted to take credit for its success .
On “ Meet the Press ” in January 2008 she said : “ The point of the surge was to quickly move the Iraqi government and Iraqi people .
That is only now beginning to happen , and I believe in large measure because the Iraqi government , they watch us , they listen to us .
I know very well that they follow everything that I say .
And my commitment to begin withdrawing our troops in January of 2009 is a big factor , as it is with Sen. Obama , Sen .
Edwards , those of us on the Democratic side .
It is a big factor in pushing the Iraqi government to finally do what they should have been doing all along . ”
She has criticized what she calls the Bush administration ’s “ obsessive ” focus on “ expensive and unproven missile defense technology . ”
On trade , she has made protectionist noises .
On the other hand , she is not Carl Levin or Dennis Kucinich or Anthony Lake or Samantha Power .
And that , along with the other appointments , is enough to keep some of us smiling at a time when we were expecting to be in deep anguish .
Mona Charen is a nationally syndicated columnist .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Q : I 've been seeing reports lately of people doing a new drug called " Jenkem " .
Supposedly , it involves fermenting human fecal material and urine , and then capturing the gas from said fermentation , and inhaling it .
From what I can tell , it 's pretty much unsubstantiated , and has all the hallmarks of another media drug scare .
Please tell me people are n't actually doing this ...
A : Dr. Z ,
The jenkem stories that have been circulating in the U.S. media are almost certainly the strange result of a hoax .
We have seen no credible evidence that anyone in the United States , Canada , or Europe inhales sewage gas from bottled human or animal waste ( which would primarily be methane ) in order to get psychoactive effects .
There is pretty good documentation that this story is simply a hoax / misunderstanding .
When we first saw news coverage about jenkem we laughed at the silliness of the story and at the stupidity of the mainstream news media .
We 've been amazed to watch how quickly the idea has spread and at the level of prurient interest people have in the story .
The origination of the story was several reports about kids in Zambia inhaling the gasses put off by human waste as an alternative to sniffing glue .
We have no knowledge about the accuracy of these reports , but it 's certainly possible the kids in Zambia thought it would be funny to make up a story for adult aid workers that they were inhaling sewer gas to get high .
And while it is potentially believable that folks in the slums of Africa might resort to such a thing , it stretches the bounds of credulity to believe , without solid documentation , that this is done in the U.S .
It seems vaguely possible that a handful of extremely experimental people in developed countries have tried this process , but the one online report of use that is cited by most of the media stories turned out to have been faked by the author who clearly also thought the idea was ludicrous .
The story was posted to a public forum and included photos of a bottle supposedly containing human excrement .
He later retracted his story , saying he had faked both it and the photos .
The story spread as a sheriff 's department in Collier County Florida issued an internal warning bulletin , including the photos from the faked forum report .
From there , it has was picked up by a plethora of media outlets across the U.S. , almost always reported on as a serious and dangerous new drug threat .
Please .
This seems to be a prime example of people in online forums saying ridiculous , obviously false things and then being used as a primary data source by people who ought to know better .
It is difficult to believe this has received as much attention as it has .
Erowid had decided not to comment on this until we noticed we were receiving a large number of search hits on the term ' jenkem ' in November 2007 .
Without undeniably clear evidence that people are actually inhaling the gasses from human waste ( outside of some performance art piece ) we believe there is little reason to give this much attention : Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence .
Unfortunately , this much media attention can actually confuse people into trying something stupid because they think other people are doing it .
Jenkem : Urban Legends at About.com
Jenkem : Snopes.com
Smoke This ! , Salon.com
" Butthash " , Fox News 30
Categories : [ Myths ] [ General ] [ Inhalants ]
LONDON , England ( CNN ) -- Israeli attacks on suspected Hamas strongholds in Gaza have triggered protests in more than a dozen countries .
A girl in Caracas , Venezuela , holds a sign reading , " No more massacre in Gaza " at Israel 's embassy Monday .
more photos »
The attacks entered their third day Monday , with more than 300 people in Gaza reported killed and hundreds more wounded .
Israel says the military assault is in response to ongoing rocket strikes on Israel , which have killed two Israelis .
In London , England , dozens of protesters gathered outside the Israeli Embassy , waving flags and trying to push their way closer to the building , as police tried to hold them back and erect a barricade .
Police in Germany said about 2,000 protesters marched peacefully down Berlin 's Kurfuerstendamm Boulevard and dispersed after about three hours .
Watch protesters push toward embassy »
Protesters also have taken to the streets in Denmark , France , Italy and Spain , according to news reports .
There also were reports of demonstrations in Caracas , Venezuela .
Iranian media reported that thousands took part in anti-Israel demonstrations in Tehran on Monday , which the government declared a day of mourning for the Palestinians in Gaza .
Photographs of the rallies posted by Iran 's semi-official Fars News Agency showed black - shrouded women and men holding shoes in the air -- widely considered an insult in the Middle East -- while others held Palestinian flags and signs that said " Down with U.S.A. " in English and Farsi .
Greek riot police clashed with protesters in Athens during a demonstration outside the Israeli Embassy , according to police and images broadcast on state television .
Protesters hurled stones in an attempt to break through the police cordon around the heavily secured embassy .
Police responded with tear gas .
In Iraq , hundreds of supporters of Shiite cleric Muqtada al - Sadr demonstrated in al - Mustansiriya Square in eastern Baghdad .
The demonstrators carried Iraqi and Palestinian flags , banners and pictures of al - Sadr and his father .
The demonstrators threw an Israeli flag on the ground , put President Bush 's picture on top of it and set both on fire .
In the Muslim world , demonstrations also were held in Jordan , Egypt , Pakistan , Indonesia , Libya and Bahrain , the BBC and other news outlets reported .
See world leaders ' reactions to offensive »
Also , thousands of Lebanese demonstrators packed the streets of Beirut as part of a rally called by the militant group Hezbollah .
Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah addressed the crowd via satellite from an undisclosed location .
Protests were also held in Israel , where students at universities in Haifa , Tel Aviv and Jerusalem demonstrated against the Israeli military operation , ynetnews.com reported .
All About Israel • Gaza • London • Iran • Lebanon • Greece
Desperately revealing : Teri Hatcher strips down to her sexy underwear as she attempts to entice on - screen lover
When Teri Hatcher 's on - screen boyfriend swears off sex , her character goes to extreme lengths in an attempt to entice him into bed .
Hatcher 's Desperate Housewives character Susan Mayer sneaks out of her house wearing only a macintosh over her raunchy corset and stockings .
Frisky Susan is determined to seduce new boyfriend Jackson Braddock ( Gale Harold ) after he announces he wo n't sleep with her until he finishes a painting of her .
Flasher : A raincoat - clad Susan ( Teri Hatcher ) arrives at her boyfriend Jackson 's ( Gale Harold ) house before stripping off to reveal her sexy underwear
Arriving at her artist beau 's house , Susan performs a striptease in an attempt to distract him from painting his masterpiece .
Peeling off the boring beige raincoat , Susan shows off her impressive figure in black lacy corset and black stockings .
But after her ' performance ' , Susan soon finds her mind is taken off her goal as she becomes mesmerised by Jackson 's painting of her .
Susan is moved by the painting , which depicts her looking sad , and realises he knows her much better than she thought he did .
Ta-da : Susan reveals her lingerie under her coat
' Do n't you want me ? '
Susan 's impressive striptease fails to convince Jackson they should sleep together
Teri 's striptease appears in the seventh episode of the fifth series of Desperate Housewives , which is set five years in the future .
In the new series , Susan has split from plumber husband Mike Delfino ( James Denton ) .
In real life , Teri 's co-star Gale is currently in a Los Angeles hospital following a motorcycle crash on October 14th .
He spent two weeks in intensive care after suffering a fractured shoulder and swelling on the brain , but is expected to make a full recovery .
Teri 's striptease will appear in the December 3rd episode of Desperate Housewives on Channel 4 .
9 Terrific Investing Websites That Will Sure Suck Up Your Time
A big part of investing is about gathering information and knowledge .
With websites popping up everyday that tries to teach you the basics and bring you the latest news , where do you go ?
Below are 9 websites that will for sure occupy your time and energy for hours every day in hopes to find the holy grail of wealth !
Yahoo Finance
From the money losing machine comes a very profitable and arguably the most established finance news and research site .
Yahoo has done many things wrong but this financial portal helped pioneered the industry and contains a wealth of information for novice and experts alike .
Finance Google
As a complete opposite , Finance Google was created by the extremely profitable company that is most likely losing money .
Google is a no frills financial website that got a lot of hype before launch and totally shoved to aside these days .
If anything , Google ’s name has made it quite popular amongst younger crowds .
CNBC.com
The perfect complement to a well established TV station , CNBC has gathered much traffic through the years .
However , the website is so tied to the programming on the actual TV channel that most people who never go their unless they ’ve watched CNBC that day .
Bloomberg.com
In the “ I now have one too ” department , Bloomberg must have the most basic ( at first glance ) portal ever created by a corporation .
Diving deeper , there are actually many tools and a ton of articles for research purposes but spend some money on design guys !
CNN Money
One of the cleaner websites out there , the layout is simple and inviting .
The most I like about this website is its free access to many articles of the Money magazine !
One suggestion though , if you are branding the website CNNMoney.com , then please do n’t redirect it to cnn.money.com ( or is it money.cnn.com ) .
This is of course not an issue if you are trying to appeal to the Chinese ( disclaimer : I am Chinese ) The Motley Fool
The Gardner brothers are geniuses and true entrepreneurs who realized early that they can do it better and cheaper themselves .
Their branding is so deep within us investors that we must be fools not to be a fool .
Financial Times
The award for the longest load time during writing and review , Financial Times was only considered because of its ultra short domain name .
Can you imagine how much money they can sell the domain name for ?
On a side note , it ’s been a while since I ’ve read the financial times print edition .
I wonder if it still has that orangy - pink color ?
The Street.com
The # 1 interesting section is undoubtedly Jim Cramer ’s videos and articles .
A close second – how did the company behind it be allowed to go public ?
Seriously though , if you are a Jim Cramer fan ( or someone who respects his opinion ) , the website has tons of free ( and paid ) content from him .
Seeking Alpha
A portal made by people with tons of funding , it ’s the closest and most blogger friendly financial portal around .
Many of the articles seem to be written by average investors who sees the financial markets in the same angle that we do , so maybe we can call this one a “ group ” blog .
It will be interesting to see if this company will be profitable and survive in the long run but time will tell !
Here it is , 9 terrific investing websites that I come across quite frequently .
What are some of the ones you go to ?
Anyone that is n’t on there ?
Promote or Save This Article
If you like this article , please consider bookmarking or helping us promote it !
If you like this article , please consider bookmarking or helping us promote it !
Print It | Email This | Del.icio.us | Stumble it !
| Reddit |
Related Posts
Traitor Joe must go .
If things work out well in this election , Bold Progressives has a good plan that I support .
Today , the Hill reports : One Democratic source said Lieberman is not likely to lose his position in the Democratic caucus , even if the party picks up several seats in next week 's election ...
" There 's no sense in cutting off our nose to spite our face , " one source said .
When will Democratic leaders realize that every time Joe Lieberman spouts right - wing talking points on TV as a " Democrat " or attends a Republican press conference as a " Democrat , " that spites their face big - time ?
So here 's the plan .
Immediately after Election Day , if Democrats do n't need Lieberman as their 60th vote in the Senate , progressive activists in Nevada will stand in front of Harry Reid 's office for hours and read your letters to Harry Reid about Joe Lieberman .
He is an embarrassment to all Democrats nation wide .
Especially since he 's ripped Obama while supporting McCain even after Obama supported him .
He is a true traitor .
Please write a letter to Harry Reid and tell him how you feel ..
An elderly Japanese man looks at share prices displayed on a stock quotation board outside a Tokyo securities company November 8 , 2000 .
REUTERS / Toshiyuki Aizawa
TOKYO ( Reuters ) - A 60 - year - old man who was thrown into the air in celebration at his retirement party died after his colleagues failed to catch him and he fell to the floor , a Japanese newspaper reported on Tuesday .
The case came to light after the man ’s wife filed a police complaint against colleagues who threw the man up into the air , accusing them of gross negligence , the Mainichi paper reported on its website .
The man died in September , 10 months after the party attended by around 40 people at an unnamed transport company at an inn in Ritto , near the ancient capital of Kyoto in central Japan .
The fall damaged his neck and backbone , leaving him paralyzed , and he eventually died of blood poisoning , the paper said .
“ He worked until the retirement age .
We had been looking forward to going to various places as a couple and were excited that we would be able to spend a relaxing time together , ” the paper quoted the man ’s wife as saying .
“ No matter what I say he wo n’t come back , but I want to find out why this happened . ”
The term Multi - tasking has become prolific .
If you have read an article about the millennial generation , Web 2.0 , or the power and impact of the internet recently , you ’ve no doubt come across it regularly .
It ’s often referenced as the great enabler of the world ’s tech savvy youths and just as often it ’s fiercely debated as the great quality inhibitor .
Prominent efficiency blogs like Lifehacker deride the term and lambaste multi-tasking as a quality and efficiency reducer .
Surveys have been done , books written , and a ferocious flurry of debate has arisen around the benefits , negatives , and great undecideds associated with multi-tasking .
A debate that has spilled onto this blog repeatedly with the most pronounced instance occurring in my 2 part series on Educating Millennials .
Unfortunately , we have it all wrong .
The term multi-tasking has never sat well with me .
Sure , it seems to fit some of the behaviors and is close enough in definition and appearance to what ’s actually occurring that it ’s been the best and easiest way to describe what ’s going on – but as a tech savvy millennial the shoe never quite seemed to fit .
Multi-tasking is the simultaneous execution of multiple actions .
Juggling is multi-tasking , patting your head and rubbing your stomach is multi-tasking .
The way I search the web , chat , watch a movie and write all at once —
That is something different .
It is parallel processing .
The difference is subtle , but significant .
What is Parallel Processing ?
First , clear your mind of any pre-conceived definitions you may harbor for the term parallel processing .
What I ’m talking about has nothing to do with parallel computing or Amdhal ’s law .
The fundamental difference between multi-tasking and parallel processing is the way our minds respond to , and deal with , the actions we are handling .
Using my previous examples , when juggling or patting your head and rubbing your stomach you ’re performing two actions simultaneously .
As I ’m sure most of us will agree , that ’s incredibly difficult and our performance decreases exponentially the more tasks we add .
Parallel processing , in contrast , deals with a cycling , structured , hierarchical list which is continuously executed at a comfortable pace .
The speed with which that list is executed and repeated depends on an individual ’s familiarity with the tasks and the time / focus each task requires .
A juggler ca n’t stop to take more time with one ball without losing the other 2 .
An individual switching between browser tabs , a movie , and several conversations can .
The advantage that millennials and tech savvy individuals the world over have developed is not the ability to do more at once , but rather the ability to handle more tasks almost simultaneously in a more time efficient and effective fashion .
The Skill Set
One of the fundamental components of parallel processing is task familiarity .
If I sat you down in front of a massively multi-layer online game and you had never played before , your entire focus would be consumed by trying to move forward while interacting with the spatial environment .
Chances are the degree of your familiarity with the action would be so small that it would consume almost all of your attention to execute it .
However , fast forward a bit and you ’ll have gained familiarity with the process and be able to automate most of it subconsciously .
Before long you ’ll be carrying on 5 conversations through the in - game chat channels , interacting with other players , traversing the virtual world and engaging in complex actions all seemingly simultaneously .
In these instances , there are simply too many actions to be able to manage and participate in them all at the same time .
You can , however , cycle through actions based on the immediacy of their need and respond to each fully in lightning quick bursts .
One of our most incredible abilities is to take certain tasks , develop a familiarity with them , and then transition them into a familiar ‘ second nature ’ skill set .
When you write , you typically do n’t have to think about how you hold a pencil or what muscles make the letters you want .
Further , as you write words , the familiar ones come to you naturally almost without a second thought .
It ’s only the ones you ’re unfamiliar with that you have to pause and spell out letter by letter , sound by sound .
There are thousands of every day tasks we take for granted as developed skills and hardly notice .
If you wear glasses , have taken them off , but still gone to push them up on your nose , you ’ve experienced a perfect illustration of how our brain is capable of executing and automating ‘ second nature ’ behaviors almost subconsciously .
Why It Matters
The modern business environment is not the only thing changing .
The world we know , perceive , and interact with is being driven forward by powerful , expansive new technologies .
Understanding the way in which we interact with these technologies and how they change our behaviors is fundamental to understanding what ’s really going on around us .
The process followed while writing a hand written letter in the 1800s is almost unrecognizable when compared to the steps and process employed by a modern individual writing an e-mail or research paper .
Significantly more has changed than the technology .
The very way we relate to , formulate , and execute actions has evolved .
Unfortunately , despite changing our behaviors , our perception of how the processes should work and the advice we offer on how to execute it , has not changed drastically .
This also becomes very significant in our understanding of what looks like a social disconnect .
If you ’ve ever walked up to someone engaging in heavy parallel tasking and had trouble engaging them in conversation or getting a response from them , it ’s because you ’re disrupting the process they ’re comfortable with and the rate with which they ’re executing the sequence .
Chances are , whatever activities they ’re carrying out are balanced near the uppermost end of what they can comfortably process .
They ’re in a rhythm , executing a sequence of actions and able to perform at that rate .
Enter the parent or roommate who wants to talk about their day in real time , without consideration for the other 5 - 15 processes the individual has going on , and you end up disrupting the flow of parallel processing .
The end result is always a general break down across the board .
I find it interesting that social norms tell us it ’s rude to walk up to a conversation two people are having privately about African swallows and begin talking to them about astrological geometry , but not similarly rude to effectively do the same thing when an individual is using a digital device .
I invite you all to join me in changing the dialog surrounding technology and multi-tasking .
Before honest dialogue can move forward it ’s necessary that we adopt descriptive language like ‘ parallel processing ‘ that accurately identifies and describes the phenomenon .
Agree ?
Disagree ?
Thoughts or comments ?
Please share them in comment form below .
As always I love your feedback and discussion .
Additionally , I ’d like to thank Dr. John Crosby for his feedback and collaborative ideas on this subject .
Rates of obesity are on the rise Seven new gene variants discovered by scientists suggest strongly that obesity is largely a mind problem .
The findings suggest the brain plays the dominant role in controlling appetite , and that obesity cannot easily be blamed on metabolic flaws .
Two international studies , published in Nature Genetics , examined samples from thousands of people for the tiniest genetic changes .
Many of the seven key variants seem to be active in the brain .
This cannot be the explanation for the current epidemic of obesity since these genes have been present for centuries and the obesity epidemic is a relatively new phenomenon
Professor Peter Weissberg
British Heart Foundation
Calculate your BMI
This suggests that the brain 's impact on appetite and eating behaviour may be more important that any genetic variation which alters the body 's ability to lay down or burn up fat .
All seven variants were picked up by a study led by Icelandic company deCODE Genetics , while six of the seven were also identified in a second , independent study by an international team dubbed the Giant consortium .
In both cases the researchers scrutinised DNA samples from thousands of people to assess the impact of tiny changes .
Each of the variants identified had a small impact on obesity , but a person carrying all of them was typically around 1.5 kg - 2 kg heavier than average .
It is estimated that as much as 70 % of the variation in body mass index - a measure of obesity based on height and weight - is down to genetics , rather than environmental factors .
Researcher Dr Kari Stefansson , of deCODE Genetics said : " This suggests that as we work to develop better means of combating obesity , we need to focus on the regulation of appetite at least as much as on the metabolic factors of how the body uses and stores energy . "
Major step forward Dr Alan Guttmacher , of the US National Human Genome Research Institute , said the research was a major step forward in understanding how the human body regulates weight .
However , Professor Peter Weissberg , of the at the British Heart Foundation , expressed caution .
He said : " This research adds to the growing body of evidence that some people are more at risk of becoming obese because of their genes .
" It suggests that some people may be less able than others to resist the temptation to overeat because of their genetic background and it might start to explain why some people have no problem keeping their weight down whilst others struggle .
" However , this cannot be the explanation for the current epidemic of obesity since these genes have been present for centuries and the obesity epidemic is a relatively new phenomenon . "
Almost one in four people in the UK is now classified as obese , and expert predict the proportion will continue to rise sharply .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The governor says : Let them eat pheasant .
It may sound odd , but the economic pinch on New York State ’s government may result in thousands of needy families dining on pheasant this Christmas .
Ending a long tradition of operating pheasant farms for hunting , New York State officials have announced that they will close the last state - run pheasant farm , the Richard E. Reynolds Game Farm , which opened in 1927 in Dryden , N.Y. , near Ithaca .
The farm ’s approximately 8,000 pheasants will be slaughtered over the next three weeks and distributed to food pantries throughout the state ’s Southern Tier , said Yancey Roy , a spokesman for the state ’s Department of Environmental Conservation .
Many , but not all , of the birds will be ready to donate by Christmas , Mr. Roy said .
“ It will take up to three weeks to line up and budget the processing of the pheasants , which will take us through the holiday season , ” he said .
Running the farm , which breeds and releases pheasants into the wild for hunting , costs the state $ 750,000 annually .
The farm ’s operating budget includes four full - time staff members and up to 10 part - time employees during busy times of the year , Mr. Roy said .
No wonder a web app can help your business boost the online presence of your brand .
But , an app that fails to perform well , can harm the reputation of your brand and hinder your business growth .
The performance of your web app can make or break a business .
It helps you to increase your app revenue .
Thus , it is important that you build a high - performing and responsive app for your business .
Make sure to choose the right set of metrics for measuring the performance of your web app .
Keep testing your app to check its performance and identify speed - related problems that your app faces .
Here , in this article , I ’ve discussed how to improve the performance of your web app .
So , let ’s start with the tips to improve web app performance at the frontend and the backend .
Ways to Improve Web App Performance on the Frontend
Improving web app performance is not easy .
It requires a lot of effort and strategic execution of some effective tips .
Here we ’ve discussed some of the important tips to accelerate the performance of your web app on the frontend side .
Choose Your Tools Wisely
Here is how to improve the performance of your web app .
If you ’re looking for ways to improve web app performance , you need to choose the right technology stack for building your web app .
You need to be clear about your project requirements .
Once you ’re clear with what you need to develop , you can easily choose the right tools for your web app .
Choosing the right tools not only increases the performance of your web app but also saves your time .
Here is a list of frameworks to create feature - rich web applications for your business :
Django
AngularJS
Laravel
ExpressJS
ASP.net
A right technology stack helps in building apps with better performance .
So , make sure to choose the right set of libraries and frameworks for building your web applications .
Speed and Size Matters
While choosing different frameworks and libraries for building your web applications , you need to check the size and speed of the frameworks that you wish to choose .
Using frameworks with the high loading speed and small size helps you load the web app faster thus boosting the overall performance of your web app .
This helps in knowing how to improve the performance of Web Application .
ReactJS , AngularJS , and VueJS are among the most popular tools used for building the front - end of web applications .
They are all high - speed tools that help to boost the overall performance of your web app which ultimately helps you grow your business successfully .
Besides speed , one thing that you need to pay attention to while knowing about how to improve the performance of your web app is the size of the web application .
Smaller the size , the faster we can download it .
For instance , Preact which is a fast alternative to React , weights only 3 kB .
This is why it is preferred these days for building interactive web applications for your business .
This is one of the most reliable ways to improve web app performance .
Optimize Content for Loading Speed
Here is more information on how to improve the performance of your web app .
Our discussion on how to improve the performance of web applications would remain incomplete without speaking about the optimization of visual content .
You need to optimize your visual content .
Go for the right format of the images you use at the front - end of your web application .
Easy to load and format with small size is more preferable to be used for your web application .
Say , for instance , though PNG has high quality it comes at a cost of size .
It relatively has a larger size .
Instead , you can use JPEG , which although maybe less detailed but can entirely solve your purpose .
If you wish to upload a logo or an icon , then you should use a vector SVG format to ensure the rendering of geometric shapes in all resolutions .
This helps in remaining the shapes lightweight .
You can use different techniques for data compression like lossless and lossy compression .
In Lossy compression , only a few data pixels are compressed which helps to maintain the quality of the uploaded image .
In lossless compression completely eliminates the selected pixel data .
Moreover , there is a tool named Gzip , which helps to improve web app performance .
It allows to both compress and decompress all types of files .
I ’m pretty sure that this information would surely be able to help you in knowing how to improve the performance of your web app .
Ways to Improve Web App Performance on the Backend
So , this was all about the techniques for boosting the performance of the web app on the front side .
Let ’s discuss some of the tricks to improve app performance on the backend too .
Optimize Your Code
Let ’s continue our discussion on how to improve the performance of Web Application on the backend .
The presence of slow and redundant queries made to the SQL database can affect the performance of your web application .
The tools and techniques that you choose for the backend of your web - application depends on the server - side stack on which your product is based on .
Let ’s take the case of Django .
In Django , the queries are made lazily .
What does this mean ?
This means that until the query ’s result is evaluated in the code , the framework wo n’t execute the query against the database .
This approach is beneficial but it can lead to many performance - issues as well .
A common problem that the users face is that of getting an object from a database and then accessing its related object through iteration .
Doing this creates a new SQL query for a very loop of iteration , thus adding hundreds of unnecessary queries made in the loop .
This can slow your app and affect the overall performance of the web application .
You can easily resolve the issue .
You can minimize the number of queries to just one and then cache the result by using the select_related method while getting an object with the help of foreign keys .
Also , you can implement the prefetch_related method for many - to - many relationships .
Doing this will give you two queries and the results will be linked to Python rather than the database .
Optimizing your code is surely one of the best ways to improve web app performance .
Speed Up Data Search
If you wish to know how to improve the performance of web applications , you need to pay attention to this .
You may face issues while retrieving data from an SQL database , especially when the dataset is big and complex .
In case you want to perform full - text searches , the use of a search engine like Elasticsearch can be helpful to you .
Elasticsearch is a search and analytics engine that can be used to speed up filtering , searching , and sorting of large chunks of data in places where retrieving data from an SQL database may be slow .
Wrapping it All
You can see improving the performance of your web app is a complex task .
You can use these ways to improve web app performance .
There is no sure - shot way of analyzing and testing the performance of a web app .
But applying these ways will surely help you improve the performance of your web application .
Keep testing your web applications to check the performance of your web app .
Jimmy Carter is by far the best ex-president the United States has ever had , and he underscored that again this morning by announcing that Guinea Worm cases have reached an all - time low .
For those of you who have never heard of it , Guinea Worm is one of the worst parasites you can get .
The worms burrow inside of you , grow to almost three feet long , are incredibly painful , and finally pop out of the skin and have to be reeled out , inch by inch , over many days .
They are an ancient affliction in tropical countries , but Carter has led an effort to eradicate them .
Last year , I caught up with Carter in rural Ethiopia and wrote about his efforts to fight river blindness and Guinea Worm , and ran a video of it as well .
Today he announces that Guinea Worm is down to 5,000 cases worldwide — mostly in Sudan , Mali and Ghana — and tantalizingly close to eradication .
If it is eradicated , it will be only the second ailment , after smallpox , that we ’ve been able to eliminate form Earth .
Carter sees this as a race between him and the worm : will he be able to eliminate Guinea Worm while he ’s still on Earth ?
I hope he wins the race , and it looks as if eradication may be achievable in the next few years .
Worldwide cases have already been reduced by 99.7 percent , and Carter ’s work has truly transformed those villages where the worm used to be endemic .
He shows that these are battles we can win .
Let ’s hope that President Bush , in figuring out what to do in his post - presidency , borrows a page from Jimmy Carter .
There are lots of diseases waiting for a wealthy , well - connected Texan to lead the fight against .
British Foreign Secretary David Miliband has played down the prospect of British troops being sent to the Democratic Republic of Congo to bolster the United Nations peacekeeping force .
Mr Miliband , who flew into the beleaguered central African state with French foreign minister Bernard Kouchner in an attempt to help find a diplomatic solution to the worsening crisis , said it was up to the UN to ensure aid reached the tens of thousands of refugees forced to flee the fighting .
Earlier , however , Foreign Office Minister Lord Malloch - Brown disclosed that contingency plans were be drawn up for the deployment of a European Union force - including UK troops - amid fears of a looming humanitarian catastrophe .
" The first line of call on this should be the deployment of the UN's own troops from elsewhere in the country , " he told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme .
" But we have got to have plans .
If everything else fails we cannot stand back and watch violence erupt .
Britain is currently the so - called standby country which would indeed need to contribute . "
However , with UK forces already stretched fighting on two fronts in Afghanistan and Iraq , Mr Miliband sought to pour cold water on the suggestion that British troops could soon be caught up in a new overseas entanglement .
" We are not at the moment looking at sending British troops to join the UN force , " he told reporters during a visit to a refugee camp in eastern DRC .
Nevertheless the fact the ministers are willing to discuss the possibility that British troops could be sent to the region will be seen as an indication of just how serious the situation has become .
Some 250,000 people are thought have been displaced in recent weeks since the breakdown of a UN - brokered ceasefire in the region .
The rebel leader General Laurent Nkunda has said that he returned to arms in order to protect his Tutsi community from Rwandan Hutus who fled to DRC after carrying out the Rwandan genocide of 1994 .
However his own forces - which are now poised on the outskirts of the regional capital , Goma , after DRC government troops fled in the face of their advance - have also acquired a reputation for murder , rape and looting .
Mr Miliband and Mr Kouchner - who earlier met the Congolese president Joseph Kabila for talks in the capital Kinshasa - are flying on to Rwanda for further discussions with the country 's president , Paul Kagame .
Mr Miliband and Mr Kouchner hope that they can persuade the two presidents - who have now agreed to meet - to use their influence to bring the fighting to an end .
" We know that while humanitarian aid depends on security , security depends on a proper political process .
That 's what we were discussing , " Mr Miliband said .
An upsurge in fighting between rebels loyal to Laurent Nkunda and the army since August has displaced more than 220,000 people in a region already home to about 800,000 more displaced .
Nkunda 's fighters advanced to the doorstep of Goma Wednesday , forcing UN peacekeepers and the bedraggled army to retreat in tanks and commandeered civilian cars .
The rebels declared a unilateral cease - fire on Wednesday night and diplomats have rushed to secure it .
Jendayi Frazer , the senior US envoy for Africa , also said the UN mission was too understaffed and too dispersed to maintain peace .
She said the UN mission " does have the capability to support the civilian population , but certainly additional strength has been needed for some time . "
EU Humanitarian Aid Commissioner Louis Michel , who held talks with Congo President Joseph Kabila in Congo 's capital , Kinshasa , proposed a UN - organized summit of the nations bordering eastern Congo , and said Rwanda and Congo would attend .
Rwanda 's presidency said no date had been set and gave no details .
Mr Michel said such a summit could create a roadmap toward a " permanent solution " for the violence .
UN Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon has also urged the warring parties in eastern Congo to start negotiations in a neutral venue to restore peace .
BERKELEY , Calif. , Dec. 19 ( UPI ) --
Police responding to a call at a Berkeley , Calif. , apartment complex got a shock when the landlord shot himself and when they found a body concealed in a wall .
Investigators said the body , which was in a homemade coffin hidden behind a false wall , was too decomposed to tell the age or sex , the Oakland Tribune reported Friday .
They said that the dead person might be Taruk Bin Ali , the son of the landlord , Hassan Bin Ali .
Advertisement
Taruk Bin
Ali was listed as the owner of the complex , which has eight apartment units .
Police said that his father may simply have concealed his son's death from natural causes so that he could continue to collect the rent .
Brandon Lane , a former tenant , told the Tribune that he wrote his checks to the son but gave them to the father .
Police got a call Monday about a violent argument in the landlord 's apartment .
When officers arrived , they found him alone , and he immediately pulled out a gun and shot himself in the head .
The hidden body was discovered Wednesday during a search of the apartment .
" I 've never seen a case unravel quite like this in my eight years in the department , " said Officer Andrew Frankel , a spokesman for Berkeley police .
Boffins in Ohio have taken another step towards the global surveillance panopticon of the future , developing software which can autonomously track an individual through a city using CCTV cameras .
James W Davis , associate prof at the Ohio State computer science and engineering department , developed the new spyware with the aid of grad student Karthik Sankaranarayanan .
Davis and Sankaranarayanan 's code works by using a pan - tilt - zoom camera to create a panoramic image of its entire field of view , and then linking each ground pixel in the picture to a georeferenced location on a map .
This means that when the camera sees a person or vehicle , the computer also knows in terms of map coordinates where it is looking .
That in turn makes it possible for a new camera to be trained on the target as he / she / it passes out of the first one 's field of view .
In this way , a subject can be followed automatically anywhere that the monitoring computer has CCTV coverage .
There 's no need for a human operator to manually train cameras around , using up man-hours and sooner or later making a mistake and losing track .
" That 's the advantage of linking all the cameras together in one system - you could follow a person 's trajectory seamlessly , " says Davis .
For now , such camera networks are small and localised .
However , the Home Office here in the UK has said it would like to " create an effective cross country strategic CCTV network " .
Such a network , combined with Davis and Sankaranarayanan 's new software , would allow plods or spooks to track people completely hands - off .
That said , until facial - recognition software gets a lot better the computers would lose their target as soon as he or she left CCTV coverage .
Not content with his efforts so far , Davis wants to go even further and write code which can pick out people " engaging in nefarious behaviour " .
" We are trying to automatically learn what typical activity patterns exist in the monitored area , and then have the system look for atypical patterns that may signal a person of interest , " he says .
Such systems are already being trialled , and are known to be more than a bit flaky .
The panoramic - map software with its people - tracking abilities seems more promising - from a surveillance operator 's point of view , anyway . ®
Non-profit organizations obviously operate on a tight budget .
In these situations , websites are rarely given priority in terms of dedicating the necessary money and resources to developing a powerful and effective website .
In this post we ’ll look at more than 40 websites of non-profit / social action organizations who have exemplary web designs .
Non-Profit Organization Websites :
The Society of Publication Designers
Wiser
Take the Walk
Change.org
Here ’s Life Mission Africa
Hunter Museum of American Art
D.A.D.S .
Dalit Freedom Network
Tenement Museum
CSB Ministries
BurmaRiders
BibleTech
Divide the Word
Aldersgate Camp and Retreat Center
Operation Warm
Sundance Film Festival
Eaching Excellence Network
Payne County Youth Services
Practical Family Living
Africa Tour 2008
MANNA Foodbank
Carbonica
Greater Maple Valley Community Center
Speak Life
Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation
Housing Works
Fifty Thousand Shirts
Global Oneness Project
The Traveling Guys
Project Rescue
The Worldwide Blogger Bake Off
Children ’s Rights
What ’s Your Status ?
Bridgeway Foundation
CAM International
AIGA
AIGA Los Angeles
Vision Forum Ministries
Students ’ Association at UNITEC
Students Against Destructive Decisions
Blog Action Day
Beyond Current Horizons
For more inspiration for non-profit websites , see :
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Warren Buffett tried to persuade demoralized investors the U.S. stock market is not falling off a cliff .
Not everyone was immediately convinced .
Billionaire financier and Berkshire Hathaway Chief Executive Warren Buffett greets shareholders during the Berkshire Hathaway Annual Shareholders meeting in Omaha , Nebraska in this May 3 , 2008 file photo .
REUTERS / Carlos Barria
The second - richest American and perhaps the world ’s most revered investor , says he is buying U.S. stocks for his personal account .
“ A simple rule dictates my buying :
Be fearful when others are greedy and be greedy when others are fearful , ” Buffett , 78 , said in an opinion piece published Friday in The New York Times .
“ Most certainly , fear is now widespread . ”
As usual , he did not identify the stocks he is buying .
The piece -- titled “ Buy American .
I Am ” -- called for confidence in U.S. business , something in short supply after the credit crisis spiraled into something resembling a market crash .
Buffett has been relatively unscathed by the turmoil .
His buying excludes his stake in his insurance and investment company Berkshire Hathaway Inc BRKa .
NBRKb.N , which is committed to philanthropies and constitutes the bulk of his estimated $ 50 billion net worth .
He said if equities stay cheap , his non-Berkshire net worth will soon be 100 percent in U.S. stocks from 100 percent in government bonds .
In better times , such a clarion call from Buffett -- amplified Friday by repeated commentary on CNBC -- might spark a big stock market rally .
Yet stocks ended another volatile session lower on Friday , after fresh economic data elevated worries about a potentially deep recession .
Buffett said he is not calling a market bottom .
He may have company , including prominent investors such as GMO 's Jeremy Grantham and BlackRock Inc's BLK .
N Bob Doll who are betting equities have fallen below their intrinsic values .
HUGE STATEMENT
Yet equity investors appear resistant to efforts to unlock credit markets and shore up economies , which if they work could help extract stocks from their abyss .
Almost daily reassurances from President George W. Bush and Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson often seem to fall on deaf ears .
A reworking of a $ 700 billion emergency U.S. rescue failed to soothe frazzled nerves .
The Wall Street Journal said even prominent hedge fund managers are hoarding cash .
Ordinary Americans are worried , too .
U.S. consumer confidence in October suffered its steepest monthly drop ever , the Reuters / University of Michigan Surveys of Consumers released on Friday shows .
The longer - term impact of Buffett ’s new approach to investing for himself remains to be seen .
“ It is a huge statement .
He does not come out and make statements of this kind very often , ” said James Armstrong , president of Henry H. Armstrong Associates in Pittsburgh , which invests one - fifth of its assets in Berkshire .
“ Stock market volatility , demonstrated by lemming - like behavior of investors who drive the Dow Jones average down 700 one day and up 700 some other day , is patently stupid , ” he said .
“ If you have a time horizon measured in years rather than hours , you will do very well with U.S. equity investments . ”
ATYPICAL DOWNTURN
Buffett said stocks should turn higher before sentiment or the economy do .
That is what happened in the summers of 1932 during the Great Depression and 1982 during a deep recession .
Like virtually all investors , Buffett said he cannot forecast short - term stock movements .
But he said equities will probably substantially outperform cash in the next decade .
Still , going 100 percent into stocks is not wise for a typical 78 - year - old , especially one who depends on investment income for living expenses .
Buffett is , of course , not the typical 78 - year - old and lives more than comfortably .
Even Berkshire 's own equity portfolio is no model of diversity .
About 42 percent was tied up as of June 30 in just four stocks : American Express Co AXP.N , Coca -Cola Co KO.N , Procter & Gamble Co PG.N and Wells Fargo & Co WFC.N .
And stocks do not always go up over extended periods .
Bearish investors might point to the 1929 - 1954 period , when U.S. stocks essentially gained nothing .
“ His position is probably the opposite of what someone close to his age should be doing : keep more of their money in Treasuries , ” said Charles Geisst , a finance professor at Manhattan College and the author of “ Wall Street : A History . ”
“ I understand the sentiment , but this situation is unlike anything we ’ve seen since 1932 , ” he added .
“ In downturns such as 1987 and early this decade , we never had a real clear view of what caused markets to go down .
In this case , we have much too clear a view .
This is the first time we ’ve seen systemic problems affect the markets since the Great Depression . ”
OUT OF STEP ?
Buffett often appears out of step with the market .
For example , at the height of the technology bubble , Berkshire shares fell 20 percent in 1999 , while the Nasdaq .
IXIC rose 86 percent .
Berkshire 's book value per share barely budged , while the Standard & Poor 's 500 index .SPX rose 21 percent .
In his annual letter to Berkshire shareholders , Buffett gave himself a " D " for capital allocation .
In moving to stocks , Buffett is aligning his own holdings with some of the moves he has already made at Berkshire .
The Omaha , Nebraska - based company has derivative contracts that require payouts only if the S&P 500 is lower more than a decade from now than when the contracts were written .
In the last month , Berkshire invested a total of $ 8 billion in General Electric Co GE.N and Goldman Sachs Group Inc GS.N preferred stock , all with a 10 percent dividend , and got warrants to buy an equal amount of common stock at a discount .
Given the attractive terms , some saw these as opportunistic investments rather than a signal of a market bottom .
Berkshire has also made several multibillion dollar commitments this year for acquisitions and corporate buyouts .
Geisst said many investors have much shorter time horizons than they once did and expect bad markets to be followed by stronger ones very quickly .
That may not happen this time , given the potential for a long economic recession , he said .
But Buffett said buying stocks now is better than trying to time markets and guess when a turnaround will happen .
Referring to arguably the greatest hockey player ever , he wrote : “ In waiting for the comfort of good news , they are ignoring Wayne Gretzky ’s advice : ‘ I skate to where the puck is going to be , not to where it has been . ’ ”
PHOENIX , Dec. 29 ( UPI ) -- U.S. evangelicals say they are divided over a new " Green Bible " which embraces environmentalism and a need to protect the Earth .
The Green Bible , which has been endorsed by secular groups such as the Humane Society and the Sierra Club , shows people that " God is calling us to care for the world around us , " said Rusty Pritchard , editor of Creation Care Magazine , a publication for evangelicals .
Advertisement
Other evangelicals are concerned the Green Bible will mislead Christians because it does not interpret Scripture literally , said James Taylor , a founding elder at Living Water Christian Fellowship in Palmetto , Fla .
" These groups do n't have a religious focus ; they have a desire to spread their environmental message , " Taylor said of the essayists who contributed to the Green Bible , which contains a foreword from Anglican Archbishop Desmond Tutu .
An estimated 25,000 copies have been sold by HarperOne since the book 's release in October , The Arizona Republic reported Monday .
Researchers avoid contentious language and issues in grants and papers .
Scientists may censor themselves if their work proves politically controversial .
Credit : Getty
Scientists whose work came under scrutiny during a political debate about work funded by the US National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) in Bethesda , Maryland , censored their own later work , a new study has found1 .
In July 2003 , former congressman Patrick Toomey ( Republican , Pennsylvania ) argued that NIH grants funding studies on certain types of sexual behaviour were less worthy of taxpayer dollars than those on devastating diseases .
He proposed an amendment to the 2004 NIH appropriations bill to revoke funding for five grants — four of which examined sexual behaviour .
Toomey 's amendment was defeated by two votes , but after a congressional investigation later in 2003 , NIH director Elias Zerhouni was sent a list of 250 grants by 157 scientists , most of which were for studies on sexual behaviour and drug use .
Republicans involved in the investigation said that the list was sent accidentally .
Zerhouni nonetheless investigated all the grants on the list and later wrote to Congress defending the studies .
Now , Joanna Kempner , a sociologist at Rutgers University in Piscataway , New Jersey , has surveyed and interviewed many of the principal investigators whose grants came under scrutiny .
She has found that many of them subsequently used less - controversial language and , in some cases , changed the focus of their work to avoid such areas altogether .
Undue influence ?
Of the 82 principal investigators who responded to Kempner 's survey , half were changing the language of their grants and papers to disguise aspects of their research .
The scientists would modify or delete 'red flag ' language such as bisexual , lesbian or sexual intercourse to make their grants more ' politically viable ' .
The results , which appear in PLoS Medicine , also reveal that about a quarter of the respondents no longer studied such topics .
Four researchers even chose to change careers as a result of the political turmoil , she says .
Peter Bearman , a sociologist at Columbia University in New York , says the study shows that perceptions of the ideological climate lead scientists to try to avoid research projects that they think will not be funded , or which will stop them from receiving funding in the future .
Bearman 's work was not part of the controversy , but he too has faced criticism for his research on teenage sexual abstinence .
The study also reveals how the NIH – an institution supposed to be insulated from political interference — has been " tarnished by the Bush administration 's pursuit of ideological purity instead of effective science " , says Bearman .
It shows that scientists whose studies fall under political scrutiny " fail to engage in the best science they can , for fear that proposing to do so will result in no support " .
This can lead to suboptimal science and the propagation of pseudoscience in its place , he says .
Chilling effect
In some ways it is not surprising if scientists " might be more cautious in describing their research so as to not find themselves on the front page of the New York Times " or the focus of legislative decision - making , says Raynard Kington , acting director of the NIH .
Changing and deleting red - flag language probably does n't harm an individual scientist 's grant , but it could slow the progress of science , says Angela Sharpe , deputy director for health policy at the Consortium of Social Science Associations , an advocacy group based in Washington DC .
The group promotes attention to federal funding for the social and behavioural sciences and formed the Coalition to Protect Research in response to the 2003 controversy .
Kempner admits that her research has limitations .
The work investigates a single event and the sample group might be biased toward people who are willing to talk about the incident and its effects .
But she thinks the " chilling effect " on research might be even more profound than her study demonstrates .
The NIH is the largest funder of biomedical research in the world , and to some extent , politics will always be involved in its funding process , Kempner says , but in this case , " we 'll never know what knowledge was lost as a result " .
Credit : Getty
References 1 Kempner , J. PLoS Medicine 5 , e222 ( 2008 ) .
Download references
Authors Ashley Yeager View author publications
You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar
Related links Related links Related external links COSSA transcript of Toomey Amendment
Rights and permissions Reprints and Permissions
About this article Cite this article Yeager , A. Scientists self - censor after political attack .
Nature ( 2008 ) .
https://doi.org/10.1038/news.2008.1234
Download citation Published : 18 November 2008
DOI : https://doi.org/10.1038/news.2008.1234
Are you an iPad owner ?
Congratulations on having one of the most powerful gadgets to date .
It comes with different features that allow kids , parents , students , and employees to accomplish different things more efficiently .
And because of these features , iPads rank as one of Apple ’s best - selling devices .
In 2019 , the company sold nearly 50 million iPad units .
But like any other gadget , the iPad requires proper care and maintenance — especially its screen .
A cracked screen is one of the worst nightmares of iPad users .
But the biggest concern is this :
Is repairing an iPad screen possible ?
If so , how should you go about it ?
And what are the first steps to take in case you break your iPad ’s screen ?
Continue reading below as we discuss the different approaches to fixing an iPad screen .
Repairing an iPad Screen : The Apple Way
Is repairing an iPad screen possible ?
The short answer is “ yes . ”
And the best place to get your iPad screen fixed is in an Apple service center .
Head on to Apple ’s official website and request their repair services .
But first , make sure you have AppleCare if you wish to enjoy cheaper rates .
AppleCare coverage will shoulder a total of two incidents involving accidental damage .
You will only need to pay $ 49 for the service fee .
Generally , you can purchase AppleCare coverage upon purchasing your iPad .
In case you do n’t have AppleCare , then repairing an iPad screen becomes expensive .
The amount of fixing an iPad screen will cost you roughly the same amount as buying a new but refurbished iPad unit .
This means you should be ready to shell out anywhere between $ 200 and $ 600 depending on the iPad model that you have .
Generally , Apple will not charge you anything if your device is still under warranty .
But if you damage your iPad screen accidentally , the warranty will not cover it .
The same thing goes if you performed unauthorized modifications on your device which led to the screen damage .
Third - Party Repairs
If you do n’t have AppleCare and you cannot afford Apple ’s repair services , your next best bet is to go to third - party repair shops .
But once they open up your device , the warranty becomes void .
The good thing about this route is that you will never run out of options .
There are plenty of third - party repair centers that offer iPad screen repair .
But the key is not to go with the first repair center that you see .
You want to find the right people who can do a great job of fixing your device .
Furthermore , there are important questions you need to ask when searching for the right repair center .
First , you want to inquire about the fees .
Ask how much the repair will cost and see if it fits your budget .
Next , you want to ask how long the repairs will take .
This is crucial especially if you depend heavily on your iPad in work or school .
Compare the turnaround times of each repair center you visit .
Also , find out where they get their replacement parts .
Do they get the parts from reputable sources ?
Last but not least , inquire about the warranty of their work .
How long will the service warranty be ?
Do they even offer one in the first place ?
These questions are essential because you want the repair center to stand by their work .
You do n’t want to spend your hard - earned money on shoddy repairs .
The DIY Route
If you happen to be the type that loves to fix and assemble stuff , then you may want to consider going DIY on your iPad .
Since this is a DIY route , there are many bases you need to cover .
First , you need to find a good DIY repair kit .
When choosing a repair kit , make sure to get one that is compatible with your device .
Not all kits will work across all iPad models .
Furthermore , determine exactly the nature and location of the damage .
Does the crack only involve the topmost layer of the glass ?
Or did it affect the LCD or touch mechanism too ?
Keep in mind that repairing your iPad is a tall order .
You need to have the right tools and replacement parts to ensure its success .
You also need to have sharp eyes and steady hands .
It is trickier compared to replacing an entire touchscreen .
It requires separating the glass from the touchscreen .
Thereafter , you need to glue the replacement glass into the old touchscreen .
Additionally , you need to keep yourself safe during the repair .
Make sure to wear protective glasses , as shards of glass may fly into the air during the repair .
Things to Do When You Crack the Screen
As an iPad owner , it is paramount that you learn the steps to take if you accidentally break your device ’s screen .
The first thing to do is to assess the extent of the damage .
Do you see only a minor crack or did the enter iPad screen shatter ?
Is your device still operational or did it stop responding ?
If the damage is too severe , it is best to let a professional take over .
Also , examine the device to see if there are any sharp pieces of glass sticking out .
If there are , get some packing tape or a plastic bag and cover up the screen .
If your device is still responsive , perform a data back up .
This tip is crucial , as anything can happen during the repair .
There is a chance of losing all your data if things go south .
Get your Lightning cable and connect your iPad to your computer .
Open your iTunes and hit the iPad button .
You will see this on the upper - left - hand corner .
Hit “ Back Up Now ” to begin the process .
Increase Your Knowledge of Proper Device Care
Repairing an iPad screen is something you should take seriously .
It may cost a lot of money and require the right people to pull off the job .
But if you decide on taking the task yourself , do so with ample preparation and caution .
And if you wish to learn more about proper device care , we invite you to check our other articles .
We discuss different topics that will help extend the life of your devices and improve their performance .
Exercise Health Myths About
Running , Jogging , Biking , Marathons , and Triathlons
Exercise Can Kill You
Recent Testimony From an Athlete Michel wrote from Sweden on December 5 , 2009 , about his awesome improvements in health and athletic performance after being on the low - carbohydrate diet presented here for only a few weeks .
" Hi !
Just found http://www.biblelife.org/carbs.htm and I have to agree with everything you say !
I switched to a low - carb high - fat diet a couple of months ago and I am free from the problems I had .
Discovered that I was gluten intolerant and could quit my Omeprazol medication and found out that a lot of other minor issues went away by just cutting out carbs .
I 'm an ambitious athlete aiming to try to reach elite , but because I got very sick in flus , colds , and respiratory infections for nearly 2 months all hard training was lost .
When I switched diet my health got better already after 2 weeks .
I have also discovered that I have almost doubled my endurance just by not eating carbs at all - which is the opposite of what athletes have been told the world over .
Now I can run and ride the bike for ever without hitting the wall , all I need is water .
I have n't felt any lactic acid either , it 's gone .
My recovery time is faster than before .
I run much better on fat than I did on carbohydrates .
Athletes have been told to " carb load " which for me has been worthless , I mean 100g of sugar have been proved in studies to limit your immune system with 40 % - not a good idea for an athlete who depends on his health to perform .
Fat loading is the only healthy way to go !
Your approach is very straight forward and just the stuff we need to change this sickening carbohydrate idiocy !
Best regards ,
Michel "
Myth No. 1 - Exercise Will Make You Lose Weight and Cure Obesity .
This myth is so widespread and often repeated that most people believe it without question .
The new United States Department of Agriculture 2005 USDA Food Guide Pyramid will stress exercise as the cure for the ever - expanding obesity problem found in all English - speaking countries .
The obese are told they can become normal weight and health simply by moving the body .
" Move the body - move the body . "
They are told to get out there and work that fat off .
The obese know it 's a lie .
Most have given it a try to no avail .
This is a slick scam to shift the blame for the failures of the past Food Guide Pyramid from the USDA to the obese who suffer because they followed the previous advice .
Exercise does not prevent Alzheimer 's disease .
The fact is that the obese get a lot of exercise simply by hauling those extra pounds of fat around with them all the time .
They huff and puff simply to haul the extra 100 pounds up a flight of stairs .
Thin people who are screaming at fat people to exercise more should strap on 100 pounds of lead weight and haul it around 24 hours a day to see how it feels .
Exercise will not make obese people thin .
Exercise burns very few calories .
A person can run for 60 minutes and then eat a snack with the same amount of calories in only one minute .
To make matters worse people are told they need to eat more carbohydrates for energy .
This is another big lie .
Carbohydrates are not needed for energy .
The scientific minimum requirement for carbohydrates per day is ZERO .
Exercise does not make obese people thin and never did .
It has all been a big fat lie .
The obese will never become thin and healthy eating the high - carbohydrate diet recommended by the Food Guide Pyramid no matter how much they exercise .
The myth that carbohydrates are essential in the diet is stated over and over in health and diet articles , books , and websites , yet every person who goes on the low - carbohydrate diet quickly proves the fallacy of this myth .
The lower the amount of carbohydrates in the diet the healthier one becomes .
Carbohydrates cause many diseases which take years to develop and have come to be called " age related " diseases , a convenient excuse .
Overweight people should never run or jog .
The extra weight quickly crushes the knees and smashes the ankles .
This is why overweight people are rarely seen running .
They simply can't .
It is stupid to encourage overweight people to run and then criticize them when they are forced to stop .
Thin jocks who complain about an obese person not running should put a 50 - lb. ( 23 kg ) bag of wheat over each shoulder and try it .
Thin people can run only because they are thin .
Running did not make them thin .
They were thin before they started running .
Female marathon runners with an " E " cup bra size never finish the race .
The womanly figure may be beautiful , but it certainly is n't compatible with running .
Myth No. 2 - Exercise Will Prevent Heart Disease .
Running for hours day after day does not prevent heart disease .
Excessive exercise most likely increases the chances of having a heart attack .
Runners tend to eat a high - carbohydrate diet thinking they need extra glucose for energy .
This is not the healthiest approach .
The glucose causes insulin resistance and raises the blood insulin level , which by itself is a heart disease risk .
The heart muscle burns fatty acids for energy , not glucose .
The following two marathon runners are prime examples of those who exercised excessively but still developed heart disease at a relatively young age .
Myths About Exercise by Dr. Larry Wilson .
The often - heard statement that exercise will prevent heart disease is pure nonsense .
Nothing could be farther from the truth .
Professional and nonprofessional athletes die of heart disease at an alarming rate every year .
Marathon runner James F. Fixx is a great example .
James F . Fixx wrote two books on the health benefits of exercise and running , but he died in 1984 from a heart attack at a young age of 52 in his running shoes while on a daily run .
Mr. Fixx discovered in his own study that his college alumni who were in athletics died earlier than the " couch potato " alumni .
Professional athletes die young .
The major contributing factor to Mr. Fixx 's heart disease was his switch to a vegetarian diet several years earlier .
The vegetarian diet is severely deficient in protein .
It is very high in carbohydrates that produce the three heart disease - causing hormones , insulin , cortisol , and adrenaline .
The Omega - 6 fatty acids that are predominant in whole grains , nuts , seeds , vegetable oils , and beans produce the heart disease - causing pro-inflammatory eicosanoids prostaglandin E( 2 ) ( PGE ( 2 ) ) and leukotriene B ( 4 ) ( LTB ( 4 ) ) .
The vegetarian diet and running are a deadly combination .
The vegetarian diet and running are a deadly combination .
Dead Marathon or Triathlon Competitors Below is a partial list of recent dead as a result of marathons or triathlons .
There are too many to list here .
This is just a splattering .
Is this healthy or simply mass mental sickness ?
The list below is just of a few of the runners who have died recently in their running shoes .
This list does not include the hundreds of professional athletes in other sports like basketball , football , hockey , and shocker who simply collapse and die from a heart attack .
You 've heard the story about marathon runner James Fixx , but you may not know about Edmund Burke , Ph.D. , who was to serious endurance cycling competitor .
Dr. Burke died on a training ride on November 7 , 2002 , at age 53 .
And you almost certainly have n't heard of Frederick J. Montz , M.D. ( 1955 -2002 ) , David A. Nagey , M.D. ( 1950 - 2002 ) , or Jeffrey A. Williams , M.D. ( 1951 -2002 ) three brilliant physicians at Johns Hopkins University who all died while they were running together .
The oldest of the three was 51 .
These doctors certainly prove they did not understand what constitutes a healthy diet to prevent heart disease .
Click Here to Order
" The truth is that marathon runners , ironman triathletes , and long - distance cyclists , swimmers , rowers , and cross-country skiers are all in the same boat .
In fact , any athlete who participates in a strenuous test of endurance lasting about three hours or more has an increased chance of dying during - and for 24 hours following - the exertion , even when the athlete 's chance of a death - door knock is compared with the risk incurred by a cigarette - smoking , sedentary layabout who spends the same 24 hours drinking beer and watching TV . "
Peak Performance .
Every year we hear of several athletes wobbling on their feet during a game and collapsing in a heap followed by death from a heart attack .
The fans in the same age group watching the game are not dying from a heart attack , and they outnumber the athletics 1000 to 1 .
We would see a fan being hauled out of the bleachers on a gurney in every game if they had the same high risk as the athletes .
Athletes would not be dying at such an alarming rate if they ate a low - carbohydrate diet .
Exercise will not overpower the heart disease - causing effects of eating a high - carbohydrate diet .
To make matters worse , the athletes are told the lie that they need to a lot of carbohydrates for energy .
Ex -President Bill Clinton is a great example that proves the health recommendations from the American Medical Association ( AMA ) and others are wrong .
They claim that heart artery plaque and cholesterol will build up over many years , even starting in childhood .
We saw President Clinton jogging for eight years with the Secret Service agents being forced to plod along behind .
We are told exercise prevents heart disease .
" Run , run , run everyone , " was the cry .
This is nonsense .
His face and body screamed warnings about his high blood insulin levels caused by eating carbohydrates .
His world class medical care did n't bother to measure his blood insulin level because they do n't see insulin as the health hazard that it is .
BOOM - he has an emergency open heart surgery with a quadruple artery bypass to avoid the impending , life - threatening heart attack .
What happened to the theory that exercise prevents heart disease which builds up over several decades ?
Now they say it was the fatty fast food burger he ate after leaving the White House where the kitchen staff prepared food fit for a king .
What a scam !
President Clinton 's doctors gave him a protocol that causes heart disease , but they still think heart disease is caused by eating saturated animal fats .
Proof Saturated Fats Are Healthy .
Former President Bill Clinton has the " best " health care in the world , and it is absolutely free .
So , why did he suddenly develop quadruple heart artery blockage requiring bypass surgery ?
The answer is simple .
His doctors do n't know that insulin causes heart disease .
They blame it on the saturated fat .
Clinton is just one of millions of people suffering from the AMA , AHA and USDA high - carb diet .
President Clinton was very fond of Asian Indian vegetarian foods .
Sick Willie and his heart of the matter - The Times of India
Carbohydrates are highly addictive , and many people have lived their entire lives with an insulin rush from an excessive glucose intake .
Insulin is the body 's most powerful hormone , which makes it extremely difficult to resist carbohydrates .
Many would rather be sick than give up their fruit with the high levels of fructose , the second most addictive carbohydrate .
To be healthy one must break these addictions .
The high - fat , low - carb diet will prevent heart disease .
Exercise will not .
Maryanne reversed her heart disease without exercise on the high - fat , low - carbohydrate diet .
Maryanne did not exercise after her heart attack .
She was involved in an automobile accident a few months before and suffered from a leg injury .
Her overall activity was much less than that of the average healthy person .
Exercise does not prevent heart disease and does not reverse heart disease as claimed .
Reversing Heart Disease , Heart Attack , Coronary Artery Disease , Stent , HDL , and LDL Cholesterol Success Stories
Myth No. 3 - Exercise Will Prevent Metabolic Syndrome or Syndrome X. Wrong again .
New studies are now proving exercise does not help some people .
This truth is surprising because most studies are fraudulently deceptive .
The myth that exercise will prevent Syndrome X ( metabolic syndrome ) is scientifically unfounded and proven false in actual experiences .
Most medical doctors , professional nutritionists , and diet book authors still believe the exercise myth .
The dirty little secret in the study , Baby Boomers Melt Away Fat and Metabolic Syndrome With Exercise , is that the people were placed on diet restrictions as well .
The diet restrictions were responsible for the reduction in metabolic syndrome , not the exercise .
The diet is a reduction in calories and carbohydrate consumption .
Foods such as sugar , potatoes , white bread , and white rice are eliminated from the diet .
Metabolic syndrome is reduced because carbohydrates are reduced .
People who begin an exercise program without any changes in diet quickly learn their obesity , diabetes , heart disease , and other symptoms remain unchanged or become worse .
It has been proven in Myth No. 2 above that people like marathon runners still develop metabolic syndrome and heart disease even though their exercise program could not be more intense .
Dr. David is another perfect example of an exercise nut who went from perfect health to metabolic syndrome , hypoglycemia , and heart disease .
He followed the USDA Food Pyramid Guide to the letter .
He ran several times a week along the beautiful mountain roads near his home .
He breathed fresh mountain air .
He ran the local 10 k race every year .
The arteries became plugged because he ate the high - carbohydrate diet recommended by his professional medical association .
Metabolic syndrome ( Syndrome X ) is the result of insulin resistance in body cells caused by the continual over consumption of carbohydrates for many years .
The symptoms that identify the condition are normally obesity , high blood pressure , and blood sugar problems .
This can be misleading , however , because many thin persons with normal blood pressure develop insulin resistance as did Dr. David .
The medical test to determine the condition is the five - hour glucose tolerance test with both blood glucose and blood insulin measurements taken periodically .
Insulin resistance is confirmed when the insulin level keeps rising without much of a corresponding drop in glucose level followed by a plunge in blood glucose below normal with a high insulin level remaining .
US experts suggest some people benefit less from exercise .
Metabolic Lockup
The author has coined the term " metabolic lockup " to describe a condition encountered by some avid runner and bikers .
The body literally enters a period of metabolic fatigue .
It locks up .
The continuous onslaught of dietary carbohydrates with a deficit of healthy protein and fats simply fatigues the metabolic system of the body .
The body refuses to convert the blood glucose to energy in the cells .
The leg muscles refuse to function to the degree desired .
The person can walk around and appear healthy , but heavy exertion is simply impossible .
The leg muscles feel as if the strength has vanished .
This condition does not occur for those on a low - carbohydrate diet who burn fats for energy .
Myth No. 4 - Running is Healthy Exercise .
Do n't believe this myth .
Running is not a healthy way to exercise for many reasons .
Destruction of the knees , ankles , and feet by running has been solidly proven .
The typical runner will develop knee problems within 20 years at best and within months for some individuals .
Dr. David 's wife in Myth No. 3 had knee damage caused by her running .
She eventually had surgery and was forced to discontinue all running .
Around 40 – 50 % of runners or joggers will be injured in any one - year period .
About a half to three quarters of these will be overuse injuries - directly related to the impact of repetitive stress on ligaments , tendons , joints , and the lower back .
The force running puts on your ankles is three to five times your body weight .
Female runners are especially prone to health damage .
Women in their late teens or twenties are seen running along highways and in parks .
The first noticeable health damage is to the hormone system .
Many women who run find a complete cessation of their menstrual cycle .
They also become temporarily infertile or if pregnant have a miscarriage as a result of hormonal imbalance .
Young women with babies can be seen running behind the special baby strollers near highway traffic .
They place their baby and themselves at great risk .
Frankly , this is pure nonsense .
Women should not be doing this sort of exercise .
What are they thinking ?
Do they seriously believe that running will prevent heart disease when they are 60 or 70 years of age ?
The answer is , " No . " Running will be discontinued long before 50 years of age because of damage done to the body .
Testimonial A college student 's mother writes .
" By the way , my daughter is much better … she ’s stopped being a vegetarian ( yay ! ) , cut way back on the jogging , got her period back ( after 8 months ! ) and her bowels seem better too …
Thanks for all your encouragement . "
Please send your success story by clicking the mail box below .
Exercise will not eliminate the risk of cancer but will most likely increase the risk .
Avoiding red meat and animal fats will not eliminate the risk of cancer .
A vegetarian triathlon competitor sadly discovered this fact .
Kathy participated in triathlon events even though she was 50 years of age .
She developed a persistent cough that her doctor diagnosed as being caused by a post nasal drip .
She was very concerned and visited another doctor when the cough became worse .
Her chest x-ray revealed the dreaded news .
Kathy had tumors in her lungs that proved to be cancerous .
She had chemotherapy that seemed to place the cancer well into remission .
The tumors shrank for a while but have come back .
Kathy has had every new experimental cancer drug available .
Nothing worked , and side effects were horrible .
She had chemo a second time , although doctors rarely try it .
It did not help her .
Kathy did n't realize that excessive exercise literally wipes out the immune system .
It is common knowledge that marathon runners easily get sick after a race because their immune systems are shot .
A strong immune system is necessary to prevent cancer .
She did n't realize that all immune system cells are made from amino acids as found in meat .
She is a vegetarian .
Kathy had an unprecedented third round of chemotherapy .
Her death is eminent .
Kathy died in September , 2006 .
Ex -NYC Marathon champ undergoing cancer treatment .
Vegetarianism : Another View by H. Leon Abrams , Jr. The Myths of Vegetarianism .
Cancer - The Cause , Prevention , Treatment , Control , and Spontaneous Remission of Cancer of the Breast , Prostate , Lung , Colon , Liver , Pancreas , Brain , Bone , Lymph Gland , or Skin Melanoma Melanoma Risk For White Marathon Runners - Medical News Today - November 21 , 2006 .
This story is more proof that excessive exercise depresses the immune system , leading to an increase risk of cancer .
Rigorous exercise raises the levels of free radicals in the body that leads to aging , cell damage , cancer , and other diseases .
This type of exercise has the same effect as smoking a pack of cigarettes per day .
Exercise in city and highway smog makes it even worse .
Combining free radicals with a suppressed immune system and disease - causing hormones , cortisol and adrenaline , produces a cocktail that gives endurance racers cancer and heart disease .
Dietary supplements will not kill cancer cells .
Wild claims made by salesmen of herbal products are simply not true .
Herbs will not kill cancer cells .
Chinese medicine will not kill cancer cells .
Homeopathic products will not kill cancer cells .
Acupuncture will not kill cancer cells .
Magnetic therapy will not kill cancer cells .
All of these treatments are a fraud .
The low - carbohydrate diet will prevent cancer .
It will also slow and restrict cancer cell growth in existing cancers .
It will also slow or kill fungal cells that grow in association with cancer cells .
Normal body cells that are infested with a fungus are sometimes mistaken for cancer cells .
Anti-fungal medicines should be taken in addition to the low - carbohydrate diet to kill the fungus .
High - fat Ketogenic Diet Shrinks Cancer Tumors .
The following study shows that a ketogenic diet with 80 % fat eliminates cancer tumors , but a reintroduction of carbohydrates causes the tumors to grow again .
Metabolic management of glioblastoma multiforme using standard therapy together with a restricted ketogenic diet : Case Report - 22 April 2010 Nutrition & Metabolism 2010 , 7:33doi:10.1186/1743-7075-7-33
http://www.nutritionandmetabolism.com/content/7/1/33
Background “ Management of glioblastoma multiforme ( GBM ) has been difficult using standard therapy ( radiation with temozolomide chemotherapy ) .
The ketogenic diet is used commonly to treat refractory epilepsy in children and , when administered in restricted amounts , can also target energy metabolism in brain tumors .
We report the case of a 65 - year - old woman who presented with progressive memory loss , chronic headaches , nausea , and a right hemisphere multi-centric tumor seen with magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) .
Following incomplete surgical resection , the patient was diagnosed with glioblastoma multiforme expressing hypermethylation of the MGMT gene promoter . ”
Methods “ Prior to initiation of the standard therapy , the patient conducted water - only therapeutic fasting and a restricted 4:1 ( fat : carbohydrate + protein ) ketogenic diet that delivered about 600 kcal / day .
The patient also received the restricted ketogenic diet concomitantly during the standard treatment period .
The diet was supplemented with vitamins and minerals .
Steroid medication ( dexamethasone ) was removed during the course of the treatment .
The patient was followed using MRI and positron emission tomography with fluoro - deoxy - glucose ( FDG - PET ) . ”
Results “ After two months treatment , the patient 's body weight was reduced by about 20 % and no discernable brain tumor tissue was detected using either FDG - PET or MRI imaging .
Biomarker changes showed reduced levels of blood glucose and elevated levels of urinary ketones .
MRI evidence of tumor recurrence was found 10 weeks after suspension of strict diet therapy . ”
Conclusion “ This is the first report of confirmed GBM treated with standard therapy together with a restricted ketogenic diet .
As rapid regression of GBM is rare in older patients following incomplete surgical resection and standard therapy alone , the response observed in this case could result in part from the action of the calorie restricted ketogenic diet .
Further studies are needed to evaluate the efficacy of restricted ketogenic diets , administered alone or together with standard treatment , as a therapy for GBM and possibly other malignant brain tumors . ”
Life Extension - Free Radical Theory of Aging .
Free radical levels rise in the body during rigorous exercise and from exposure to pollutants , radiation , UV light , and smoking .
During infection and chronic inflammation , massive amounts of nitric oxide and superoxide radicals form in immune cells to fight off invading bacteria and viruses .
Made in excess , these oxidants can harm and combine to form other toxic chemicals that produces further damage in DNA and brain cells .
News Flash !
Daily Camera newspaper Boulder , Colorado May 31 , 2005
There was no winner of the Bolder Boulder 10 K race held yesterday .
A search of the Daily Camera newspaper did not reveal who had won the race .
A woman was shown as the winner in the Female 's division , but the winner of the race was not listed .
It must have been a man of course .
There must surely have been a thousand men ahead of her .
Instead , the newspaper chose to describe on the front page an interview with a 61 year old man who had been watching from the sidelines .
He was an avid runner in previous years but was forced to sit out because of his open heart artery bypass surgery last fall .
Obviously , running does not prevent the heart arteries from plugging up .
Luckily there were no sudden deaths during the race .
However , the newspaper did describe the death of a rock climber and a bicyclist the same day .
These activities do n't appear to be healthy either .
If anyone knows who won the race , please send email to the mail box below with a photo copy of the story from the Daily Camera newspaper attached .
Famous Tour de France bike racer , Lance Armstrong , is another good example which proves that excessive exercise causes cancer .
He developed testicular cancer , but luckily he appears to have survived the disease .
In March , 2006 , the announcement was made that Lance Armstrong 's ex-mate , Sheryl Crow , has been diagnosed with breast cancer .
The big question remains .
What diet and lifestyle philosophy were they both following that caused cancer in both of them ?
They certainly did not eat a 100 % meat diet as the Eskimos did before the interference of white men because the Eskimos were absolutely free of all cancer .
Eskimos Prove An All Meat Diet Provides Excellent Health .
Bicyclists are especially hazardous to themselves and others by riding on roadways in traffic .
They tend to ride as a herd as they cut in and out of traffic .
Sometimes they ride several abreast and spill over from the shoulder of the road into the traffic lane beyond the bike lane .
Others ride in the traffic lane where they block traffic because of their slow speed .
They seem to have some sort of " chip on their shoulders " and intentionally become nuisances and safety hazards in violation of roadway laws .
They are frequently seen running red lights and stop signs as well as making illegal turns .
This activity is certainly not healthy .
The worst offenders seem to be the ones dressed in professional riding clothes and acting like they are going to beat Lance Armstrong next year .
They proliferate in college towns like Boulder , Colorado , where the police are very lenient in enforcing bicycle laws .
Risk Factors for Bicycle - Motor Vehicle Collisions
People with an autoimmune disease like rheumatoid arthritis , multiple sclerosis , lupus , Sjogren 's dry eye syndrome , ulcerative colitis , Crohn 's disease , inflammatory bowel disease , irritable bowel syndrome , and several dozen other diseases should not jog , hike aggressively , run marathons , or participate in competitive endurance races .
These kinds of activities will most certainly cause the participant to have a major autoimmune disease flare .
Inflammatory Bowel Diseases , IBD , IBS , Crohn's , Ulcerative Colitis , Candida , and Others .
Rheumatoid Arthritis , Multiple Sclerosis , Lupus , and Autoimmune Diet Program .
Many runners and bikers believe their low - fat , low - protein , high - carbohydrate diet produces the proper acid / alkaline balance in the body .
This thought is total nonsense .
In fact , the books that suggest eating meat causes the body to become excessively acidic are totally false .
The body normally controls the pH ( acid / alkaline balance ) within very close limits .
Excessive exercise is another matter .
The depravity of oxygen during heavy exercise causes the body to swing to the acidic range ( low pH ) in an unhealthy manner .
Hyperventilation ( heavy breathing in the absence of corresponding exercise ) causes the body to swing into the alkaline range ( high pH ) .
Both of these conditions are unhealthy .
The high - carbohydrate diet typically eaten by vegetarians causes the stomach to produce acid at the wrong time .
This causes acid reflux and the impression that they have an acid system .
The low - carbohydrate diet with generous amounts of meat cures acid reflux disease within a few meals because the stomach naturally produces acid for the digestion of meat .
Myth No. 5 - Humans are Natural Born Runners .
A popular nutritional and health website suggests that humans are designed to run .
This claim does n't stand the test of detailed review .
Certainly humans can run but it is nothing to brag about .
Compared to many animals , humans are poor runners .
Humans destroy their bodies by running .
As predators , humans are fairly inept at chasing down and capturing prey .
Try chasing a deer sometime and see how successful you are .
Deer are natural runners , not men .
The deer can quickly run out of sight and disappear three hills away .
A man is completely exhausted after running a few hundred yards up the first hill .
Humans must use their superior brain power in order to catch the prey because we are ineffective runners .
We hunt in packs , stalk the prey to get closer , and use weapons to kill at a distance .
Myth No. 6 - Carbohydrates are Needed for Energy .
Oh , boy !
This myth will never die .
Athletes gulp down the high - carbohydrate food that they are told is necessary for energy , not knowing the dreadful damage they are doing to their bodies .
Cells are literally being driven to exhaustion by the onslaught of excess fuel .
This process is analogous to a top fuel dragster burning nitro methane that literally fries the engine during each race , or perhaps carbohydrates are a little more equal to a nitro - laced race gasoline used in lower racing classes .
On the other hand , eating fat for energy is analogous to an eighteen - wheel truck burning diesel oil .
The diesel oil does not burn out the engine .
In fact , it gives extra upper cylinder lubrication and lower combustion temperatures for long life .
Carbohydrate molecules are too large to enter the bloodstream .
They are digested into the individual glucose molecules that enter the blood .
Body cells can use either fat or glucose for energy .
Insulin is required when glucose is used as fuel but is not needed to burn fat .
Insulin forces the glucose into the cells like a supercharger on a race car .
The glucose and oxygen we breathe burn in the cells like a little engine .
The combustion is less than 30 percent efficient in producing work ( running ) and the rest must be expended as heat ( sweating with evaporative cooling ) .
As the insulin increases because of a " carb - loading " pre-race diet , the dreadful hormones adrenaline and cortisol kick in to counteract the insulin .
You can read more about adrenaline and cortisol below .
This harmful combination is described by the author as the " Supercharger Cycle . "
The runner feels absolutely awesome in this hyped - up state - supercharged .
You begin to feel like power - woman , iron - man , or mega - manager blasting through the airport .
Excess adrenaline causes these supercharger reactions : Increased blood pressure .
Increased heart rate .
Contraction and constriction of the blood vessels .
Accelerated rate of respiration .
Dilated respiratory passageways .
Decreased rate of digestion .
Increased efficiency of muscular contractions .
Increased blood sugar level .
Stimulation of cellular metabolism .
Yikes !
It is no wonder that the adrenaline rush is addictive .
An insulin , adrenaline , and cortisol rush will save one 's life when being chased by a lion , but it will eventually cause death when it occurs repeatedly day after day during exercise and running .
Insulin packs glucose into the cells for energy , but it is also doing silent damage to the heart arteries .
Insulin also packs small , dense LDL ( low density lipoprotein ) molecules into the walls of the heart arteries .
These molecules are not consumed .
The LDL causes an inflammation response , and the body goes about patching up the damage .
The patch becomes an artery blockage and a future heart attack .
This is the precise " Supercharger Cycle " that killed marathon runners '
James F. Fixx and Brian Maxwell and gave the avid runner Dr. David heart disease .
Dietary fats burn without stimulating insulin and do not cause heart disease .
Marathon runner Jeff Galloway describes in his running book , Galloway 's Book on Running , how he tried carb - loading before a marathon .
As a result he could n't finish the race .
He admits in the book that runners should burn fat for energy .
Adrenaline and cortisol are produced in the adrenal medulla .
The adrenal gland gets tired of producing excessive levels of adrenaline and cortisol in the same manner as the pancreas when it gets tired of producing excessive amounts of insulin .
Adrenal exhaustion does occur .
When the adrenal gland collapses , so will you .
One day the runner is full of power .
A couple of months later he is weak , exhausted , and aches all over .
The doctor says he has chronic fatigue syndrome ( CFS ) and / or fibromyalgia , and " nobody knows what causes it . "
Well , the doctor may not know what causes it , but the answer is easily understood .
The same thing happens to the obese from an excess consumption of carbohydrates even though they may get very little exercise .
Tim Medvetz , a 240 pound ex-Hells Angel 's motorcycle rider , successfully climbed Mount Everest on his second attempt .
His awesome success was achieved in spite of breaking two bones in his hand on the day he summitted .
He had wrapped one of the anchor ropes around his gloved right hand in order to have a more secure grip on the rope , but his foot slipped .
He fell , but his waist harness was clipped to another anchor rope , preventing him from falling to his death .
The rope looped around his hand tightened , snapping the two bones .
He continued to the summit and returned using only one hand on the ropes and ladders .
His achievement and determination was truly impressive .
Tim commented in the television documentary that he felt much stronger , healthier , and climbed easier when he ate the Sherpa 's food , which was high - fat Yak meat , instead of the typical low - fat , low - protein , high - carbohydrate food used by United States expeditions .
The Yak is a domesticated animal similar to a cow that is raised for meat and milk and used as a beast of burden .
Discovery Channel - Everest : Beyond the Limit .
Another pair of more successful climbers , David Tait and his Sherpa , Phurba Tashi , wanted to set a new world record by climbing over Mount Everest , descending on the other side , and returning in what is called a double traverse .
He and his Sherpa made it over the top and down the other side , but David Tait gave up , saying he did not want to take the world record while Sherpa Phurba Tashi climbing next to him was obviously a much more superior and capable climber .
Another member of Tim Medvetz 's exhibition , Betsy Huelskamp , was a female , vegetarian , professional trainer .
She was trim and healthy looking .
Tim was , well , noticeably overweight .
She fell exhausted midway up the mountain and could not continue .
She may have looked great in the exercise gym , but her weak , skinny , vegetarian body was a complete failure under the harsh endurance of climbing Mount Everest .
Carbohydrates are not needed for energy .
The scientific and actual requirement for carbohydrates is ZERO .
Athletes would be well advised to practice on a high - fat , low - carbohydrate diet to maintain a healthy body and prevent insulin resistance of the cells .
The harmful effects from adrenaline and cortisol do not occur .
Sprint racers could then eat carbohydrates for maximum performance during the short contest because the cells have more insulin sensitivity .
Marathon runners who " carb load " reach a point in the middle of the race where the muscles run out of stored glycogen ( stored glucose ) .
The legs suddenly run out of energy .
Runners call this symptom hitting the wall .
The legs switch to burning fat or triglycerides for energy after a period of weakness and recovery .
This is especially true when a runner trains at shorter distances by carb loading , and the legs never learn to burn triglycerides easily .
Long distance runners and mountain climbers should eat fat for energy .
Insulin and Its Metabolic Effects by Ron Rosedale , M.D.
Myth No. 7 - Runners Should Eat a Low - Fat Diet .
This myth seems so true , innocent , wonderfully healthy , and wholesome that most people swallow it without question , but it is the most deadly myth of all dietary dogma and lies .
The fat phobia is the result of worldwide brainwashing .
One does not have much choice but to increase carbohydrates in the diet to replace a reduction in fats , and therein lies the road to obesity , diabetes , heart disease , cancer , and the entire medical book of autoimmune diseases .
Carbohydrates are slow in their destruction of the body , but they eventually prove to be extremely deadly .
The delay between the start of a high - carbohydrate diet and disease has been labeled as the " 20 Year Rule . "
The National Heart , Lung , and Blood Institute ( NHLBI ) conducted the Framingham Study over a period of 20 years starting in 1948 .
According to NHLBI Director Dr. Claude Lenfant ,
 This study suggests that obesity is an important risk factor for heart failure in both women and men . "
The study found a small correlation between heart disease and elevated LDL cholesterol and total cholesterol .
The Framingham study also found that those who ate the most saturated fat , the most calories , and the most cholesterol were the most physically active .
They also weighed the least and had the lowest levels of serum cholesterol .
The people who ate the most saturated fat were the most healthy and had the lowest risk of heart disease .
NHLBI Framingham Heart Study .
NHLBIs Framingham Heart Study Finds Strong Link Between
Overweight / Obesity And Risk For Heart Failure .
Myth No. 8 - Exercise Reverses Heart Disease .
No !
Exercise does not reverse heart disease .
People who have partially plugged heart arteries or have had an artery bypass operation are immediately placed on an exercise program .
They are told the exercise will open the plugged arteries and prevent any new blockage .
The poor patient believes this myth only to be harshly disappointed with new heart problems .
The doctor insists the patient did n't exercise enough .
It is not a coincidence that it is always the patient ’s fault and never the fault of the advice given .
When the patient has a heart attack and dies the answer is simple .
He had heart disease .
In actual practice , bypass arteries can become completely plugged again in only one year because of the low - fat , high - carbohydrate diet recommended by the American Heart Association ( AHA ) .
Exercise will not reverse heart disease .
Exercising with a heart that has partially plugged arteries is a very high - risk activity that should not be done .
Heart pain is a signal that muscle damage is taking place .
The cells of the heart muscle are being deprived of oxygen .
The result could be a sudden heart attack and death .
It is theorized that marathon runner James F. Fixx was running with severe heart pain before he was stricken and died .
Perhaps he thought he could " run through " the problem and cure his heart disease .
Nobody knows for certain why he continued to run with plugged heart arteries , but it was certainly the wrong thing to do .
Myth No. 9 - Exercise Will Build Up the Body .
This assumption is false .
Exercise tears down the body .
The techniques used by bodybuilders will build up the body by first tearing down the tissues and then allowing them to heal and grow .
Regular exercise does not do this .
The phrase " no pain - no gain " does not apply to exercise .
Pain is an indication that damage is being done to the body .
Pain is not a healthy signal .
Running through the pain is not a healthy practice .
Running can do great damage to the body .
Sarah was a good example .
She was addicted to running and racing in marathons .
Exercise is addictive because it produces an adrenaline and cortisol rush .
Runners typically comment about the wonderful feeling of euphoria they get from running .
Runners are always ready for the next rush and get very depressed when the flu or a business trip prevents them from running .
They can get so addicted to insulin , adrenaline , and cortisol that they insist on running under almost any condition .
They run in dangerous traffic and sometimes get hit by cars , especially at night .
They run on icy streets where they slip and fall on the ice .
They are truly hormone addicts .
Sarah never won a marathon race , so the pressure was always on to do better .
She could never celebrate in victory .
She tried to improve her performance by reducing her weight .
She avoided eating protein , especially red meat , because she thought she would get " bulked up " with extra muscle mass .
Extra weight slows a runner .
Muscular upper chest and arms will reduce performance in a runner .
Instead of getting faster , she developed severe leg cramps and spasms that prevented her from finishing the race .
Soon her leg spasms were so bad she could n't walk normally .
Sarah was addicted to the catabolic hormone rush .
Her body was literally consuming itself .
The " carb loading " technique turns bikers and marathon runners into " skeletons " of moving skin , tendons , and bones as a result of the catabolic depletion of muscle mass .
The bodies of bikers and marathon runners actually consume the muscles as an energy source .
This is why professional bikers and marathon runners are exceedingly skinny .
Read the proper diet and exercise program below that is anabolic ( builds the body ) .
It builds muscles , tendons , ligaments , and vertebrae discs to provide a strong , muscular , healthy body .
Adrenaline and cortisol are both powerful catabolic hormones .
They break down the body to divert resources to the muscles for a " fight or flight " response .
Adrenaline is destructive to the body in many ways .
It shuts down digestion .
This occurs when one performs an excessive amount of exercise .
Exercise of this type is unhealthy .
Myth No. 10 - Red Meat Causes Kidney Damage and Cancer .
This statement is absolutely false even though it is the official position of the USDA Food Guide Pyramid .
Protein , especially from red meat , is falsely targeted as causing heart disease , colon cancer , and kidney disease .
These claims are myths , distortions , and lies .
Processed deli meats are the problem , not fresh red meat .
Study Links Processed Meat to Cancer , not Unprocessed Red Meat .
Diabetes Solution - Chapter 9 by Dr. Richard K. Bernstein
" If you are a long - standing diabetic and are frustrated with the care you 've received over the years , you have probably been conditioned to think that protein is more of a poison than sugar and is the cause of kidney disease .
I was conditioned the same way many years ago , as I mentioned , I had laboratory evidence of advanced proteinuria , signifying potentially fatal kidney disease but in this case , the conventional wisdom is just a myth . "
" Non-diabetics who eat a lot of protein do n't get diabetic kidney disease .
Diabetics with normalized blood sugars do n't get diabetic kidney disease .
High levels of dietary protein do not cause kidney disease in diabetics or anyone else .
There is no higher incidence of kidney disease in the cattle - growing states of the United States , where many people eat steak every day , than there is in the states where beef is more expensive and consumed to a much lesser degree .
Similarly , the incidence of kidney disease in vegetarians is the same as the incidence of kidney disease in non-vegetarians .
It is the high blood sugar levels that are unique to diabetes , and to a much lesser degree the high levels of insulin required to cover them ( causing hypertension ) , that cause the complications associated with diabetes . "
Actually , natural unprocessed fresh beef and other natural meats are used by the body to heal and prevent disease .
The human immune system is composed of protein molecules made from meat .
A diet high in meat will provide a robust immune system which prevents and cures diseases .
Animal protein does not cause osteoporosis , reduce bone density , or cause kidney stones as claimed by many vegetarians and others who propagate lies .
High - Protein Diets : Separating Fact From Fiction
Stephen Byrnes , Ph.D. , RNCP
" It is excessive carbohydrate intake , not protein or animal protein intake , that can result in heart disease and cancer ( 1 ) .
Readers should note that the type of diet Gilbert advocates in her article is a high - carbohydrate one because that is exactly what diets that are low in protein and fat are .
Furthermore , the idea that animal products , specifically protein , cholesterol , and saturated fatty acids , somehow factor in causing atherosclerosis , stroke , and / or heart disease is a popular idea that is not supported by available data , including the field of lipid biochemistry ( 2 ) . "
" The claim that animal protein intake causes calcium loss from the bones is another popular nutritional myth that has no backing in nutritional science .
The studies that supposedly showed protein to cause calcium loss in the urine were NOT done with real , whole foods , but with isolated amino acids and fractionated protein powders ( 3 ) .
When studies were done with people eating meat with its fat , NO calcium loss was detected in the urine , even over a long period of time ( 3 ) .
Other studies have confirmed that meat eating does not affect calcium balance ( 4 ) and that protein promotes stronger bones ( 5 ) .
Furthermore , the saturated fats that Gilbert thinks are so evil are actually required for proper calcium deposition in the bones ( 6 ) . "
" The reason why the amino acids and fat - free protein powders caused calcium loss while the meat / fat did not is because protein , calcium , and minerals , require the fat - soluble vitamins A and D for their assimilation and utilization by the body .
When protein is consumed without these factors , it upsets the normal biochemistry of the body and mineral loss results ( 7 ) .
True vitamin A and full - complex vitamin D are only found in animal fats . "
" If the protein - causes - osteoporosis theory teaches us anything , it is to avoid fractionated foods ( like soy protein isolate , something Gilbert would no doubt encourage readers to consume given her zeal for soy ) and isolated amino acids , and to eat meat with its fat .
New evidence shows that men and women who ate the most animal protein had better bone mass compared to those who avoided it ( 8 ) and that vegan diets ( most likely also advocated by Gilbert ) place women at a greater risk for osteoporosis ( 9 ) . "
" The claim that protein intake leads to kidney stones is another popular myth that is not supported by the facts .
Although protein restricted diets are helpful for people who have kidney disease , eating meat does not cause kidney problems ( 10 ) .
Furthermore , the fat - soluble vitamins and saturated fatty acids found in animal foods are pivotal for properly functioning kidneys ( 11 ) . "
Life Without Bread by Christian B. Allan , Ph.D. and Wolfgang Lutz , M.D.
This book shows how the connection between high carbohydrate consumption and cancer is becoming more evident .
" After carbohydrates are consumed , the levels of sugar and glucose in the blood rise .
The body responds by releasing insulin from the pancreas into the bloodstream .
The carbohydrate theory of cancer is simple : " Too much insulin and glucose in the blood can cause cells to dedifferentiate , just as they do in cell lines , and thus can be a primary cause of dietary - related cancer . "
Pages 169-170 .
" There have been many studies done , in animals and people , that indicate that fat content in the diet is not responsible for breast cancer or any other cancer .
We know there 's a tendency to blame dietary fat for just about everything that goes wrong , but that 's just a lazy way out .
Time after time , the studies show it just is n't true . "
Page 173 .
" The Eskimos who ate only fat and protein never had any cancer in their population until a Western ( high - carbohydrate ) diet was introduced .
Why do n't we ever hear of cancer of the heart ?
Probably because the heart uses almost all fat for energy , thus cancer does not have a chance to develop in those cells .
We hope that researchers will take the next step and start looking at what has been known for a long time .
Dietary related cancer is a sugar metabolism disease just like all the others .
" Page 177 .
Compound in meat prevents diabetes , study suggests " WEST LAFAYETTE , Ind . --
A common type of fat found in red meats and cheeses may prevent diabetes , according to a research team from Purdue University and The Pennsylvania State University . "
A high - protein diet boosts healthy antioxidant levels while low protein induces oxidative stress .
Myths , Distortions , and Lies About BEEF .
High - protein Diet Found Beneficial .
A large study published by the Journal of Bone and Mineral Research shows both elderly men and women who consumed the most animal protein had the lowest rate of bone loss , while those who consumed the least amount of animal protein had the highest rate of bone loss .
A study by the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition has shown that postmenopausal women who consumed the highest amount of animal protein had the strongest bones and the lowest percentage of hip fractures .
People who ate diets lowest in meat required a longer time for healing of a bone fracture and had the slowest recovery time for illnesses in general .
Eating meat improves healing and health .
Preventing Osteoporosis , Bone Loss , Hip Fractures , and Degenerative Disc Disease .
Guidelines for Healthy Exercise .
The high - fat , low - carbohydrate diet , and healthy exercise as presented on this site will preserve health and heal the body .
Healthy exercise should be thought of as variety of everyday activities plus a few extra activities .
Some of the activities should be demanding enough to increase the heart rate to 70 to 80 percent of maximum .
The maximum heart rate is considered to be 220 minus your age .
Healthy exercise is strongly suggested for overall cardiovascular health .
One does n't have to join a club and pay money to get a healthy level of exercise .
A few suggested " Do's and Don'ts " are : Activities to do :
Walk at a brisk pace for 30 to 45 minutes everyday with some uphill sections .
Hike hills and mountains but not to the point of exhaustion or an adrenaline rush .
Swimming and water skiing can provide excellent exercise .
Snow skiing can be healthy or extremely hazardous depending on risks taken .
Bike aggressively for 15 minutes where some of the terrain has uphill sections but not in traffic .
Get the heart rate up for 15 minutes but avoid excessive exhaustion .
Park at the far end of the parking lot and walk the extra distance .
Climb the stairs instead of taking an elevator .
Wash the car instead of taking through a drive - thru car wash .
Mow the lawn instead of paying someone else who gets the exercise instead of you .
Play sports like tennis , racquetball , volleyball , and basketball but not to exhaustion .
Exercise outside in fresh air rather than in the house , city smog , or near dirty traffic .
Eat a high - fat , low - carbohydrate diet for healthy energy that does n't damage the body in an insulin rush .
Activities to avoid : Do n't perform " extreme " sports .
They are definitely not healthy .
Do n't exercise to the point of addiction from the adrenaline rush .
Do n't sit longer than one hour without some activity using the legs to avoid blood clots .
Do n't pull up one leg under the other leg and sit on it .
Do n't stand longer than one hour without some activity using the legs to avoid blood clots .
Do n't eat carbohydrates for energy because they cause metabolic syndrome .
Do n't burn candles , and avoid chemicals indoors because they pollute the air .
Do n't use electrostatic air cleaners because they give off lung - damaging ozone .
Do n't use electrostatic copy machines in a closed office with poor air circulation because they give off ozone .
These suggestions are more important as one grows older .
Youthfulness provides resilience that is not available in older individuals .
Bodybuilders eat a high - protein diet and supplement the diet with additional protein powder in order to build body mass , muscles , ligaments , tendons , and bones .
This practice has been proven to be correct over several decades of testing and refinement in the diets of millions of bodybuilders .
The science behind the high - protein diet confirms the results found in actual practice .
Ketogenic , Low - Carbohydrate Diet for Bodybuilders .
TNT DIET - Targeted Nutrition Tactics
by Jeff Volek , Ph.D. , RD and Adam Campbell , Men's Health Magazine
The explosive new plan to blast fat , build muscle , and get healthy .
The TNT Diet is a great book for bodybuilders and everyone else who wants to preserve and build lean muscle while controlling body fat .
This book is a must read for anyone on the low - carbohydrate diet .
Diet and Exercise Step No. 1 - Eat the ultra low - carbohydrate diet to control weight and before doing the intense exercise program in Step No. 2 below .
Most exercise books recommend a high - carb diet before the exercise in order to fuel the muscles .
This is backwards for controlling body fat and building lean muscle as discussed in the TNT Diet book listed above .
Meat provides the full compliment of all essential and non-essential amino acids needed to heal the neck and back without adding undesirable carbohydrates to the diet .
Vegetarian foods such as whole grains , soy , and legumes do not fulfill these requirements and are unacceptable substitutes .
Fats are a good choice in Step No. 1 where carbohydrates are kept low .
Diet and Exercise Step No. 2 - Perform a high - intensity exercise program such as weight lifting , biking , or climbing stairs .
Do this program for 15 minutes only .
Longer programs are bad because they elevate catabolic hormones , adrenaline , and cortisol which break down the body .
Jogging is a poor choice .
Concentrate on the legs because these muscles are so much larger than other muscles of the body .
This program is intended to quickly burn the glycogen ( muscle glucose storage ) out of the muscles .
The muscles should suddenly become weak as the glycogen has been expended .
Keep going for the full 15 minutes .
The muscles will switch to burning fat for energy .
Perform the high - intensity exercise program five to seven times per week .
Weight lift with periods of intense effort and rest ( called reps ) .
Concentrate on the legs but use other body muscles as well .
Bike on a circular course with medium uphill sections followed by downhill for resting .
This functions like reps as well .
Hike stairs in a circular fashion with two levels up followed by two down for resting .
This functions like reps as well .
Diet and Exercise Step No. 3 - Follow the exercise program with a high - protein snack and some carbohydrates .
You can also prepare a protein and L - glutamine drink as described below to supplement a snack of meat or fish .
Take about 50 to 100 calories of carbohydrates to stimulate an insulin rush .
The insulin is anabolic ( builds the body ) .
The insulin stimulates the body to use the amino acids to build muscle , tendons , ligaments , vertebrae discs , etc. Carbohydrates generally are not recommended on this website , but they are recommended for this special method of bodybuilding .
Avoid milk , grains , and legumes .
Acceptable carbohydrates are : Potatoes , sweet potatoes , or yams .
Fried pork skins with a little honey .
Ice cream , although the fat is less desirable in this step .
Fruit can be added to the whey protein powder shake listed below .
Scientific Facts Behind This Body Rebuilding Program
The low - carb diet in Step No. 1 causes the body to deplete the stores of glucose in the liver and to deplete the stores of carbohydrates in the digestive tract .
This is the opposite of the " carb loading " technique that turns bikers and marathon runners into " skeletons " of moving skin , tendons , and bones as a result of the catabolic depletion of muscle mass .
The bodies of bikers and marathon runners actually consume the muscles as an energy source .
This is why professional bikers and marathon runners are exceedingly skinny .
This program does the opposite .
It builds muscles , tendons , ligaments , and vertebrae discs to provide a strong , healthy body .
The exercise in Step No. 2 further depletes the glycogen ( glucose ) in the muscles .
It also sets the muscles into a rebuilding mode because of the work done on the muscle cells .
This work must be short but strenuous as typically done by bodybuilders , not runners .
The high - protein , low - fat diet in Step No. 3 has a moderate carbohydrate intake to promote a modest insulin rush .
The insulin promotes anabolic rebuilding of the body .
The glucose produced from the digestion of the carbohydrates is used to restore the depleted stores of glucose in the liver and to restore the glycogen in the muscles .
These empty glucose stores prevent the dietary carbohydrates from being converted to body fat .
Therefore , the program promotes rebuilding of the body without gaining body fat .
Bodybuilders typically eat a lot of meat as a high - quality protein source .
They also supplement the diet with protein powder drinks and shakes .
Whey protein powder contains all of the essential and non-essential amino acids necessary to build a healthy neck and spine .
The product listed below is made from the whey protein of cows ' milk .
All of the lactose ( milk sugar ) has been stripped from the product during manufacture .
It is pre-digested using special healthy bacteria to breakdown the protein molecules into the individual amino acids and branched - chain amino acids .
The amino acids can pass through the intestinal - blood barrier in the human intestinal tract to quickly become available for healing the body and building bone collagen , ligaments , tendons , and muscles .
Extra L- glutamine ( glutamine ) amino acid is also recommended .
Protein and L - Glutamine Drink .
Prepare a drink made with whey amino acid protein powder which is enriched with extra glutamine amino acid .
The protein powder consists of a full compliment of amino acid isolates that heal the body and require no digestion .
Prepare the drink by blending 8 to 16 oz of reverse osmosis with UV lamp water or unsweetened , low - sodium tomato juice with 1 heaping teaspoon ( 12 gm ) of whey protein powder plus 1 rounded teaspoon ( 8 gm ) of glutamine amino acid powder .
Stirring vigorously with the teaspoon is sufficient .
The whey protein must be specified on the carton as isolates from cross flow microfiltration and ion-exchange , ultrafiltered concentrate , low molecular weight , and partially hydrolyzed whey protein peptides rich in branched chain amino acids and glutamine peptides .
The low - carbohydrate type at 1 gm per scoop or less is best , but it should not be more than 4 - 5 gm of carbohydrates per scoop .
Do not substitute protein from soy , egg , casein , or any other source .
Sugar or any other sweetener is unacceptable .
Use the " natural flavor " without additives .
This amino acid drink can be enjoyed anytime with or without a meal .
Amino acids are foods that build and maintain the body .
Refrigerate whey protein powder and discard if it is old .
Whey protein powder can cause some gas and an unusually " full " feeling .
Discontinue the whey protein powder if the reactions are unpleasant .
Continue to take the glutamine powder .
L- Glutamine Amino Acid .
Ultimate Lo Carb Whey Powder - Natural Flavor by Biochem .
Amino Acids - The Building Blocks of Life and Healing .
This combination of amino acids has been shown to provide the following healing properties : Provides pain killing effects by healing the nervous system .
Absorption of body building amino acids without requiring digestion .
Stimulates insulin like growth factor 1 ( IGF - 1 ) which functions similarly to insulin and enhances protein synthesis and healing .
Fights infections by stimulating the immune system .
All immune cells are made from poly - peptides of amino acids .
Provides bone growth of protein collagen and strengthens bones .
Poor digestion has been shown to cause osteoporosis and degenerative bone disease .
Provides all of the amino acids required to heal and grow ligaments , tendons , joints , muscles , intestinal tract , heart muscle , and all other organs of the body .
Prevents hypoglycemia ( low blood sugar ) symptoms in people with hypoglycemia or diabetes .
The three most nutritionally important omega - 3 fatty acids are alpha-linolenic fatty acid ( ALA ) , eicosapentaenoic acid ( EPA ) , and docosahexaenoic fatty acid ( DHA ) .
Alpha-linolenic fatty acid is one of two fatty acids traditionally classified as " essential . "
The other fatty acid traditionally viewed as essential is an omega - 6 fat called linoleic acid .
These fatty acids have traditionally been classified as “ essential ” because the body is unable to manufacture them on its own and because they play a fundamental role in several physiological functions .
As a result , we must be sure our diet contains sufficient amounts of both alpha- linolenic acid and linoleic acid .
Breaking News
Caution on cancer exercise link - BBC News - April 14 , 2008 .
" The US study found tumours expanded twice as fast in mice given exercise wheels compared to those without . "
Three Climbers Die During an Ego Trip on Mount Hood , Oregon - December 12 , 2006 .
We know that many people die unnecessarily in Marathon races each year , and many body builders die in their 50's from heart disease as a result of taking steroids in their quest for recognition and fame , but few people realize these sports are not about health .
The participants suffer from mega- egocentrism mental illness .
" Encouraged by improved weather , but worried about more storms on the way , rescuers started back up the treacherous flanks of 11,239 - foot Mount Hood this morning in search of three climbers missing since the weekend , the Associated Press reports .
Most rescuers were brought off the mountain Monday afternoon because of ugly weather .
Rescuers headed back up Mt. Hood to search for climbers . "
The three climbers Kelly James , 48 , and Brian Hall , 37 , both of Dallas , Texas ; and Jerry " Nikko " Cooke , 36 , of Brooklyn , N.Y. are dead .
Well , officially they are not declared dead yet because their bodies have not been found .
But now the contest is to guess how many people will die on Mount Hood this week including the three climbers plus a few rescuers .
Rescuers have died in Mount Hood in past years trying rescue 20 to 25 people per year who end up stranded or dead on the mountain .
The United States Forest Service should put up a sign stating , " Climb at your own risk .
Make arrangements for your private rescue before climbing . "
These men were supposed to be professional mountaineers practicing for a future attempt to scale Mount Everest , but they were unprepared , absent minded , and extremely negligent .
If they had n't diet on Mount Hood they certainly would have joined the hundreds of bodies still frozen in the snow on Mount Everest .
The rescuers are on an ego trip of their own .
What better ego trip than to rescue a professional mountaineer ?
Cool trip to brag about , huh ?
These rescuers do n't risk their own lives to save others .
They risk their lives just like the first three climbers did , to advance their mega-egocentrism .
They can't resist .
Some call them crazy .
That is not far off the mark , really .
Hunters in Colorado pay a " rescue fee " with the purchase of each hunting license to cover the cost of the rare rescue that may occur .
The hunters use the proper approach .
The " extreme sport " nuts get a free trip and a free rescue .
Something is seriously wrong here .
When a person wrecks his car or trips on the sidewalk in Portland and breaks his leg , the rescue ambulance will send him the bill even when the ambulance is a part of the government entity .
But when the same person hikes Mount Hood , trips , and breaks his leg , the rescue is free .
The calls for " help " will bring the immediate dispatch of a United States Air Force helicopter with masses of state and federal employees and equipment for a free rescue .
The estates of the three dead Mount Hood hikers should be billed for the attempted rescue costs .
Update
12/16/06 - First , if the men were safe and sound in snow caves with adequate supplies as proclaimed by the " experts , " they should have hiked out yesterday on their own .
They were not seen , proving the experts have been wrong .
The three men have not been seen since December 7th , 10 days ago .
Yesterday , December 16 , the rescue team got a somewhat clear day .
Unfortunately , they decided to set out on the south side of the mountain , climb over the summit , and down the north side where Kelly James radioed his intension to take cover in a snow cave while the two other men hiked down for help .
This does n't make any sense .
The goal here should have been to rescue the men , not an ego trip to " summit " first .
The rescue report team scrambled to cover up this fact by saying they were also searching the north side of the Mount Hood .
The rescuers wo n't stay on the mountain overnight but expect us to believe the three hikers are still alive after 10 days .
The analysis of this tragedy shows the cumulative effect of the many errors made by the hikers .
Airplane crashes are investigated and analyzed in hopes of preventing similar catastrophes .
Extreme sports advocates seem to prefer denial , excuse , or false reporting to explain the misfortune , thereby denying others of the benefits of learning from the past mistakes .
They did not have adequate supplies and equipment , contrary to " experts " who claim their supply list was " well equipped . "
This is an example of denial and cover - up explained above .
The men left a note stating they were traveling " light . "
They did not check the weather reports or simply ignored them .
Extreme sports enthusiasts typically have an attitude of being invincible .
The worldwide satellite pictures available makes this a serious mistake that is easily avoidable .
They hiked up the north side of Mount Hood which is the most difficult .
Taking the most difficult route shows this was an ego trip .
They failed to turn back as the weather deteriorated .
Forging ahead into increasingly worse weather is another sign of an attitude of invincibility .
James Kelly hiked until exhausted according to his cell phone call to relatives .
He most likely tried to keep up with the younger , stronger partners .
Psychology appears to have driven this expedition from the beginning , not sound logic .
Brian Hall and Jerry " Nikko " Cooke most likely tried to return via Elliott Glacier they used going up the mountain .
The snow and extremely high winds made the glacier a death trap with avalanches .
The location of the bodies when found will confirm this assumption .
Update
12/17/06 - Assault and rescue is underway with the appearance of United States Air Force Reserve military and Oregon National Guard providing two Apache Black Hawk assault helicopters , one CH - 47 Chinook heavy lift helicopter with paratroopers , and one C - 130 cargo plane modified with special thermal imaging equipment as 100,000 gallons of aviation fuel goes up in smoke .
About a dozen rescuers have been lifted to the summit in mass .
The rescuers gave a report , " We have good news .
An ice axe and rope have been found . "
Oh , really .
Is that really " good news ? "
The ice axe and rope would be the last things most mountaineers would give up .
No , this is very bad news .
Reality is being suppressed by the rescuers and reporters .
Mass Media Cover-up -
The three hikers were not alone on the mountain .
They met and talked with other hikers at the mid-level Cooper Spur Shelter at about 7,500 foot elevation .
These eyewitnesses have not been brought before the cameras to provide an eyewitness account of the meeting .
The mass media are not asking these witnesses the obvious questions .
What were the lost hikers wearing ?
Were they really prepared as claimed ?
Did the witnesses advise the lost hikers to turn back ?
Did the witness tell the lost hikers they were crazy to continue up the mountain ?
Any realistic analysis and all negative evidence has been suppressed by the mass media .
Update
12/18/06 - Reality popped out of the snow on Mount Hood later yesterday afternoon to the shock of the rescuers , hikers ' families , mountaineering experts , and mass media .
The frozen , dead body of Kelly James was found in his snow cave .
One TV reporter after ten days of reporting finally interviewed a doctor who presented the truth .
Without fuel for melting snow for drinking water , death would come in three to four days from either dehydration or hypothermia or both .
His report was certainly a refreshing break from 10 days of brainwashing .
Brainwashing , Psychiatry , Psychology , Psychotic , Sociology , Sociopath , Schizophrenia , Anorexia , Bulimia , Depression , Obsessive - Compulsive , Paranoia , Phobia , Addiction , and Other Mental and Personality Disorders .
Closing Comment to the Families - Please do n't try to have a monument erected on public property at Mount Hood to commemorate the loss of your loved ones , and do n't ask others to pay for it .
You have wasted too much public money already on this irresponsible expedition and failed rescue .
" Mountain Madness " - Eminent U.S. climbing couple missing in China - December 26 , 2006 .
BEIJING — On Nov. 9 , this message was inscribed in the visitors book of a restaurant in the remote southern Chinese village of Litang : " Great food and people … .
The mountains around Yading are awesome .
Countryside reminds us of home .
We 'll be back .
— Chris Boskoff and Charlie Fowler , Norwood , Colorado , US . " "
" Those are the last words that two of America 's most prominent mountain climbers are known to have written . "
" Boskoff and Fowler are well known among avid climbers .
Climbing magazine has described Fowler , 52 , as " long revered as one of the world 's leading climbers . "
Boskoff , 39 , who runs a Seattle - based expedition company , Mountain Madness , has climbed " more high - altitude summits than any other woman in the world , " the magazine said .
Those included Mt. Everest , Mont Blanc , Ama Dablam and Lhotse . "
Reference Books and Online Support Groups : Good Calories , Bad Calories by Gary Taubes
This is a must read book .
Gary Taubes is an award - winning scientist who has specialized in exposing misleading , incorrect , or fraudulent science .
His seven - year research in every science connected with the impact of nutrition on health shows us that almost everything we believe about the nature of a healthy diet is wrong .
For decades we have been taught that fat is bad for us , carbohydrates are better , and that the key to a healthy weight is eating less and exercising more .
Yet with more and more people acting on the advice , we have seen unprecedented epidemics of obesity and diabetes .
Taubes argues persuasively that the problem lies in refined carbohydrates ( white flour , sugar , easily digested starches ) via their dramatic effect on insulin -- the hormone that regulates fat accumulation -- and that the key to good health is the kind of calories we take in , not the number .
There are good and bad calories .
Taubes traces how the common assumption that carbohydrates are fattening was abandoned in the 1960s when fat and cholesterol were blamed for heart disease and then -- wrongly -- were seen as the causes of a host of other maladies , including cancer .
He shows us how these unproven hypotheses were emphatically embraced by authorities in nutrition , public health , and clinical medicine in spite of how well - conceived clinical trials have consistently refuted them .
He also documents the dietary trials of carbohydrate - restriction which consistently show that the fewer carbohydrates we consume the leaner we will be .
With precise references to the most significant existing clinical studies , he convinces us that there is no compelling scientific evidence demonstrating that saturated fat and cholesterol cause heart disease ; that salt causes high blood pressure ; and that fiber is a necessary part of a healthy diet .
Based on the evidence that does exist , he leads us to conclude that the only healthy way to lose weight and remain lean is to eat fewer carbohydrates or to change the type of carbohydrates we do eat and , for some of us , perhaps to eat virtually none at all .
TNT DIET - Targeted Nutrition Tactics
by Jeff Volek , Ph.D. , RD and Adam Campbell , Men's Health Magazine
The explosive new plan to blast fat , build muscle , and get healthy .
The TNT Diet is a great book for bodybuilders and everyone else who wants to preserve and build lean muscle while controlling body fat .
This book is a must read for anyone on the low - carbohydrate diet .
Three Books Are Now Available !
Click here to review and order !!
The books are more complete than the web pages !!
Join me on Facebook and ADD me as your friend .
To support this website just place 1 or 2 dollars in an envelope and send it to : Kent R. Rieske
5086 Cottonwood Drive
Boulder , CO 80301 USA
MEDICAL DISCLAIMER :
All information is intended for your general knowledge only and is not a substitute for medical advice or treatment for specific medical conditions .
You should seek prompt medical care for any specific health issues and consult your physician before starting a new fitness or nutrition regimen .
The information contained in this online site and email is presented in summary form only and intended to provide broad consumer understanding and knowledge of dietary supplements .
The information should not be considered complete and should not be used in place of a visit , call , consultation or advice of your physician or other health care provider .
We do not recommend the self - management of health problems .
Information obtained by using our services is not exhaustive and does not cover all diseases , ailments , physical conditions or their treatment .
Should you have any health care related questions , please call or see your physician or other health care provider promptly .
You should never disregard medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read here .
We strongly suggest you select a physician who is knowledgeable and supportive of the low - carbohydrate diet .
Many of the physicians listed on this page have health clinics .
Drugs and Doctors May be the Third Leading Cause of Death in U.S. Why Most Published Research Findings Are False .
Pharmaceutical firms are inventing diseases to sell more drugs .
You can contact the author by clicking the mailbox above .
Copyright © 2005 - 2016 by Kent R. Rieske , B.Sc. , and Bible Life Ministries .
All Rights Reserved .
Permission is granted to copy this information in whole and without revision providing that full credit is given to the author .
This information may not be copied in part and the information may not be included in any material that is offered for sale .
You are encouraged to place a link to this article on your website .
This is the most accurate search for Bible Life Ministries .
Powered by FreeFind
Search Bible Life Ministries Search WWW
Search Bible Life Ministries Search WWW
Join me on Facebook and add me as your friend .
Kent R. Rieske , Ministry Director
5086 Cottonwood Drive
Boulder , CO 80301 USA
That 's not a photo of New York .
It 's actually many photos of New York , textured on 3D models in Google Earth 's latest update .
And it 's truly nothing short of amazing .
Advertisement
The Google Earth Blog estimates that the new New York City ( captured here with Google Earth Pro ) has seen an update with hundreds , if not thousands of new buildings .
That wild estimate sounds right to us , as here 's what the skyline looked like in January 2007 :
Advertisement
Sure , this is just one city , but it 's a sign of where Google Earth can go .
Scratch that , it 's a sign of where Google Earth is going .
Really , really , really neat stuff ( that will be a gloriously mundane commonplace in a few more years ) .
[ Google Earth Blog via CrunchGear ]
By Ben Cohen
Noam Chomsky has long been a critic of the false choice presented to
voters , maintaining that the two parties are essentially the same .
But
in Chomsky 's opinion , John McCain represents such an extreme vision for
America that he is coming out for Barack Obama .
" I would suggest not voting for McCain which means voting for Obama " Chomsky told The Real News .
Chomsky believes that a continuation of Bush style policies would have a significant impact on the public , and although both candidates are well to the right of the population in terms of actual policy ' There is nothing wrong with picking the lesser of two evils " .
Enforcement In The Non-Digital World
The Online Factor
How Education May Help
When 2D Boy recently claimed that the piracy rate for its PC independent gamewas something like 90 percent , it raised two interesting issues .
First , it demonstrated that the methodology for actually quantifying piracy is a long way from stability , as many debated the saliency of such a figure .
And second , it proved that although piracy is unmistakably a major obstacle for an industry where profitability is already highly challenging , there 's little that can be done about it until the methods for measuring its impact are clearly defined .
The PC Gaming Alliance is a group of industry leaders including reps from Microsoft , Dell , Activision , Capcom and many others , who meet to work on solutions for challenges facing the space and promote the health of the platform - and piracy is a particular problem for PC in particular .
With that in mind , the PCGA has formed a new subcommittee to start examining ways to take the crucial first step of learning to quantify piracy and its material impact .
Christian Svensson , senior director of strategic planning and research at Capcom , is a member of the PCGA , and tells Gamasutra that the new impact - oriented subcommittee is just now getting off the ground .
There 's a complicated road ahead with a good many factors still up in the air , but the subcommittee knows that quantifying that impact is a key first step .
"
We 're just starting to lay out the groundwork , " Svensson says , " I would hope within the next three months we have started to make some progress toward that .
" Meanwhile , the Entertainment Software Association , as the trade body that represents the industry 's interests , has also been tackling the problem .
" Part of the problem is it 's vast , it 's happening in different parts of the world where the ability to measure activity is difficult , " says the ESA 's Ric Hirsch , senior vice president of intellectual property enforcement .
" And that 's exacerbated by the internet , which has the effect of anonymizing a lot of activity , and a lot of it is done behind closed digital doors , if you will , so it is difficult to estimate .
We see a piece of that , and the piece that we see can be somewhat alarming at times , vis a vis the volume and intensity of activity , particularly around new releases .
" Hirsch admits that the ESA and the PCGA have not formally aligned to collaborate on anti-piracy initiatives .
Instead , the ESA approaches the problem through various international programs focused on enforcement and training .
It works with local authorities to bust hard goods piracy rings - for example , the ESA 's enforcement program in Mexico , established in 2005 , has helped it build a " positive working relationship , " as Hirsch says , with authorities in that country .
Recently , with the help of Mexican law enforcement , the ESA targeted a large Guadalajara shopping center where investigators had identified several vendors selling pirated games .
" Based on the evidence selected , we went to authorities , explained the problem , and were ultimately able to arrange for them to take an action in seizing a lot of illegal game products , " Hirsch says .
And Hirsch adds the ESA has programs in six other countries : Canada , Brazil , Paraguay , Malaysia , Hong Kong and Singapore .
A new initiative in Korea focuses largely on that country 's thriving online games biz with a takedown program .
" We use an outside vendor through which we monitor instances of infringing activity involving our members ' game product , " says Hirsch .
" Based on the reports ... once we verify that infringement is infringement , we will transmit a takedown notice to the ISP requesting their intervention in procuring cessation of the pirate activity .
And that 's something we do globally ; we send takedown notices to ISPs all over the world .
"
Of course , to benefit from the ESA 's enforcement activities , companies need to be members of the ESA .
" We need specific authorization from members , as rights - holders to engage in this activity , " Hirsch explains - so for example , when it comes to companies like Activision who have left the ESA , " we do n't have any specific authorization to undertake specific activities on their behalf .
" But while the ESA has met with a great deal of success putting out hard goods piracy fires where it finds them , Hirsch admits that disc copying is less and less the major problem , these days .
" We pretty much recognize ... how much infringing activity is moving more and more to the internet , " he says , citing convenience and availability online as a primary driver .
The ESA still plans to focus on hard goods , which Hirsch says still remains a significant problem , especially in developing nations where internet access is not widespread .
"
In a lot of established markets with greater broadband access to the internet , we do tend to see upticks in download activity involving pirated games , and obviously there 's a concern about that , " says Hirsch .
"
We are trying to pursue some of the principal players who are involved in this activity in terms of the people at the top of the piracy food chain , members of warez groups who within days of a game 's release and sometimes before , manage to get pirate versions of games available out there on the internet for download .
" So as the ESA focuses its investigative efforts on online groups while continuing its ground - level enforcement initiatives , Hirsch says the issue of IP protection is also enjoying increased support from the U.S. government .
" Over the last eight to 10 years , the U.S. government has stepped up its efforts in addressing IP piracy , in which game piracy is a small but growing part , " says Hirsch .
And that 's allowed the ESA to contribute an " extensive " training program to help investigative and law enforcement groups increase their knowledge and sophistication when it comes to recognizing pirate software , education efforts it continues to expand as part of its international enforcement initiatives .
" Part of our mission is to make law enforcement understand better the problems that game piracy creates for the development of local game markets and how it impacts businesses and tax revenues from the game sector , " says Hirsch .
And at least on the PC gaming side , the PCGA 's committee to evaluate this impact in more specific terms is a promising idea .
Capcom's Svensson finds 2D Boy 's 90 - percent figure fora bit high , though .
" I think most of us on the software side that have any kind of reporting capability , and any kind of tracking mechanism for authorized versus unauthorized server data ... 90 percent is high .
There 's no question that 's high , probably a little higher than what we normally see .
" And what 's normal for Capcom ?
" For what we have seen with our own games , 50 percent would be the low end , " says Svensson .
Of course , it may depend on the size of the game and the resultant ease of piracy , with Reflexive 's Russell Carroll recently estimating that around 92 % of the people playing the full version of his company 's PC casual gamepirated it .
It may seem a surprising number - which is why it makes sense that when the PCGA convenes to start forming its new anti-piracy plans , one major goal will be to look at ways to increase consumer awareness .
" I think if we can actually educate people on the impact , and how prevalent it is , I think that will eventually have a positive impact on many people , " says Svensson .
" It may help make people think just one more time before they click download .
" Education plays a key role in the ESA 's anti-piracy initiatives , too , and not just the training it offers law enforcement .
Says Hirsch , " Several years ago , in discussions with member companies , we tried to sit down and think about how we impact the demand side , as opposed to the supply side .
" The ESA decided that in that respect it would be best served addressing the segment of the gaming audience most open to receiving messages about the rights and wrongs of unlawful downloads : elementary school students .
" Many of them are starting to use computers and internet at earlier age , " says Hirsch .
" And we 're trying to give them some guidance with respect to what IP is , and why taking stuff without permission is wrong .
These are things that oftentimes children do not learn as they learn to use the internet .
" So the ESA worked with an educational curriculum company called LearningWorks - now known as YoungMinds - and developed an age - appropriate curriculum to be used by elementary schoolteachers , designed to complement other core lesson plans they may have .
The program they developed is targeted at various age groups from kindergarteners to 5th grade , and is designed to introduce to them on a basic level the value of intellectual property .
Curriculum materials are housed on the web at JoinTheCTeam.com
" Having the kids work on things and develop things -- their own pieces of intellectual property ... they get to understand that after working on something , they have certain privileges of ownership with respect to what they created , " says Hirsch .
" It ties in with plagiarism themes ... and teachers respond very well to that , because they 're looking for materials about plagiarism , particularly through the use of computers and the internet .
"
In particular , parents are included in these school - based initiatives , as an important part of the equation is helping parents understand their children 's online behavior .
Forum Topics Posts Last post
No unread posts Introduce Yourself New to pick - up and seduction ?
Stop by and introduce yourself .
We were all new once !
25599 59466
By : umarkhan8627
Fri Dec 06 , 2019 6:28 am
View the latest post
No unread posts General Questions
Do pick - up and seduction techniques really work ?
Is it a skill - set any guy can aquire ?
Where do I start ?
52835 308274
By : JackZero
Fri Feb 07 , 2020 11:41 pm
View the latest post
No unread posts Mid-Game
After the opener – running out of things to say , conversational topics , kino escalation , rapport , comfort building , transitioning .
6911 35898
By : Bobby bouche
Thu Sep 05 , 2019 6:38 pm
View the latest post
No unread posts Routines DHV stories , negs , C&F , push - pull , ESP routines , qualification , fluff talk , freeze outs , jealousy tactics , & kino tricks .
4757 29057
By : Rapperfallito
Fri Sep 20 , 2019 1:08 am View the latest post
No unread posts Relationships Discuss girlfriends and maintaining a happy , healthy relationship .
6146 55608
By : Sasomange
Mon Jan 27 , 2020 12:23 am View the latest post
No unread posts Sticking Points Discuss areas of your game where you have problems .
For instance : opening , attraction , comfort , number closing , kiss closing , phone game , day 2’s , LMR , etc. 5844 25441
By : Mystyc
Sun Oct 06 , 2019 7:01 pm
View the latest post
No unread posts Field Reports
Share your in - field experiences : what worked and did n’t work , and what you learned .
( THE INTERNET DOES NOT COUNT AS " IN - FIELD " ) 9652 45726
By : teeDog4444
Fri Oct 11 , 2019 12:42 am
View the latest post
No unread posts Lay Reports
Share your lay reports for other guys to learn from - no need for explicit details ( LOL ! )
1502 8599
By : georgefromx
Tue Jul 30 , 2019 12:40 pm
View the latest post
No unread posts Online Sarging Discuss and share tips and techniques for gaming girls online ; including Myspace , dating sites and chat rooms .
7159 35956
By : Finchfry
Wed Mar 11 , 2020 5:48 am View the latest post
No unread posts Meet Up & Wing rAFCs , Pick up artists ( PUAs ) , and complete newbies meet - up and wing - it 's the best way to learn and improve !
9515 29954
By : Cochrane82
Thu Aug 20 , 2020 7:40 pm
View the latest post
No unread posts PUA Lairs Worldwide city lairs where you can arrange to meet - up and wing , share specific venue tactics , and organize sarging nights / days .
If your city is not listed send a PM to Brad ( admin ) .
2207 18676
By : Smirk98
Sun Sep 13 , 2020 12:08 am View the latest post
Franken camp benefits from two key rulings RAW STORY
Published : Friday December 12 , 2008
Print This Email This
Democrats have no chance to hit the " magic 60 " number in the Senate anymore but they still can possibly edge a little closer .
" Al Frankens campaign won two key rulings today that may help him overcome a tiny deficit against Sen. Norm Coleman in the Minnesota Senate recount , " Ben Smith observes at Politico .
The Pioneer Press reports , " The state Canvassing Board has voted to count 133 missing ballots from a Dinkytown precinct , despite the objections of Republican U.S. Sen. Norm Coleman . "
The article continues , " Minnesota Attorney General Lori Swanson told the board this morning that the ballots could be included , the second big victory for Democratic challenger Al Franken in his effort to unseat Coleman .
' I believe there is authority ... to include the election night returns , ' Swanson said .
The board seemed more than willing to accept the results , despite a 2002 case cited by Coleman where a court threw out 17 ballots that were tossed in a fireplace during a statewide recount . "
" A separate but crucial opinion from Swanson 's office says improperly rejected absentee ballots can be counted as part of a statewide recount , " the Pioneer Press adds .
" There are 638 of those ballots thus far identified by local elections officials in 49 of Minnesota 's 87 counties . "
One Minnesota official believes that the number could of such ballots could more than double , since they only examined 4,823 rejected absentee ballots .
" Deputy Secretary of State Jim Gelbmann ... reported that if that trend holds -- with more than 13 percent of the rejected absentee ballots tossed improperly -- there would end up being nearly 1,600 wrongfully set aside , " the Star Tribune reports .
From WikiLeaks
By Tom Burghardt ( Antifascist Calling )
When three officers of Germany 's foreign intelligence service the Bundesnachrichtendienst ( BND ) , were arrested in Pristina November 19 , it exposed that country 's extensive covert operations in the heart of the Balkans .
On November 14 , a bomb planted at the office of the European Union Special Representative was detonated in downtown Pristina .
While damage was light and there were no injuries , U.N. " peacekeepers " detained one of the BND officers hours after the blast when he was observed taking photos of the damaged building .
Two of his colleagues waited in a car and acted as lookouts .
The officer named these two colleagues as witnesses that he was in his office at the time of the attack .
That office , identified by the press as the " private security firm " Logistics - Coordination & Assessment Service or LCAS , in reality was a front company for BND operations .
Its premises were searched three days later and the trio were subsequently arrested and accused by Kosovan authorities of responsibility for bombing the EU building .
As a result of the arrests , the BND was forced to admit the real identities of their agents and the true nature of LCAS .
A scandal erupted leading to a diplomatic row between Berlin and Pristina .
The German government labeled the accusations " absurd " and threatened a cut - off of funds to the Kosovo government .
A circus atmosphere prevailed as photos of the trio were shown on Kosovan TV and splashed across the front pages of the press .
Rumors and dark tales abounded , based on leaks believed by observers to have emanated from the office of Kosovo 's Prime Minister , the " former " warlord Hashim Thaci , nominal leader of the statelet 's organized crime - tainted government .
When seized by authorities one of the BND officers , Andreas J. , demonstrated very poor tradecraft indeed .
Among the items recovered by police , the operative 's passport along with a notebook containing confidential and highly incriminating information on the situation in Kosovo were examined .
According to media reports , the notebook contained the names of well - placed BND informants in the Prime Minister 's entourage .
According to this reading , the arrests were an act of revenge by Thaci meant to embarrass the German government .
But things are n't always as they seem .
On November 29 , the trio-- Robert Z. , Andreas J. and Andreas D.-- departed Kosovo on a special flight bound for Berlin where they " will face a committee of German parliamentarians who have taken an interest in their case , " according to an account in Spiegel Online .
More curious than a violent attack on the streets of Pristina , a city wracked by gangland killings , car hijackings , kidnappings and assaults is the provenance of the bomb itself .
In other words , why would German intelligence agents attack their own ?
But before attempting to answer this question , a grim backstory to the affair rears its ugly head .
An Agency Mired in Scandal
This latest scandal comes as yet another blow to the BND considering August 's revelations by the whistleblowing website Wikileaks that Germany 's external intelligence agency had extensively spied on journalists .
Like their counterparts at the CIA , the BND is forbidden by law from carrying out domestic operations .
According to Wikileaks documents , journalists working for Focus Magazine and Der Spiegel were collaborators in a scheme by the agency to learn their sources as well as obtaining information on left - wing politicians , including Party of Democratic Socialism ( PDS ) leaders Gregor Gysi and Andreas Lederer .
Indeed Focus Magazine journalist Josef Hufelschulte , code name ' Jerez , wrote articles based on reports provided by the BND " intended to produce favorable coverage . "
Wikileaks correspondent Daniel Schmitt and investigations editor Julian Assange comment that , " The document in general shows the extent to which the collaboration of journalists with intelligence agencies has become common and to what dimensions consent is manufactured in the interests of those involved . "
In November , Wikileaks published a subsequent document obtained from the telecommunications giant T - Systems .
In addition to revealing two dozen secret IP addresses used by the BND for surveillance operations , the document provides " Evidence of a secret out of control BND robot scanning selected web - sites .
In 2006 system administrators had to ban the " BVOE " IP addresses to prevent servers from being destroyed . "
Additionally , Wikileaks revealed the " activity on a Berlin prostitution service website -- evidence that intelligence seductions , the famed cold - war ' honeytrap ' , is alive and well ? "
While the document does not spell out who was running the sex - for - hire website , one can't help but wonder whether Balkan - linked organized crime syndicates , including Kosovan and Albanian sex traffickers are working in tandem with the BND in return for that agency turning a blind eye to the sordid trade in kidnapped women .
Kosovo : A European Narco State
When Kosovo proclaimed its " independence " in February , the Western media hailed the provocative dismemberment of Serbia , a move that completed the destruction of Yugoslavia by the United States , the European Union and NATO , as an exemplary means to bring " peace and stability " to the region .
If by " peace " one means impunity for rampaging crime syndicates or by " stability , " the freedom of action with no questions asked by U.S. and NATO military and intelligence agencies , not to mention economic looting on a grand scale by freewheeling multinational corporations , then Kosovo has it all !
From its inception , the breakaway Serb province has served as a militarized outpost for Western capitalist powers intent on spreading their tentacles East , encircling Russia and penetrating the former spheres of influence of the ex-Soviet Union .
As a template for contemporary CIA destabilization operations in Georgia and Ukraine , prospective EU members and NATO " partners , " Kosovo should serve as a warning for those foolish enough to believe American clichs about " freedom " or the dubious benefits of " globalization . "
Camp Bondsteel , located on rolling hills and farmland near the city of Ferizaj / Urosevac , is the largest U.S. military installation on the European continent .
Visible from space , in addition to serving as an NSA listening post pointed at Russia and as the CIA 's operational hub in the Balkans and beyond , some observers believe that Andreas J.'s notebook may have contained information that Camp Bondsteel continues to serve as a CIA " black site . "
One motive for rolling up the BND intelligence operation may have been U.S. fears that this toxic information would become public , putting paid U.S. claims that it no longer kidnaps and tortures suspected " terrorists . "
When NATO partners Germany and the U.S. decided to drive a stake through Yugoslavia 's heart in the early 1990s during the heady days of post - Cold War triumphalism , their geopolitical strategy could not have achieved " success " without the connivance , indeed active partnership amongst Yugoslavia 's nationalist rivals .
As investigative journalist Misha Glenny documented ,
Most shocking of all , however , is how the gangsters and politicians fueling war between their peoples were in private cooperating as friends and close business partners .
The Croat , Bosnian , Albanian , Macedonian , and Serb moneymen and mobsters were truly thick as thieves .
They bought , sold , and exchanged all manner of commodities , knowing that the high levels of personal trust between them were much stronger than the transitory bonds of hysterical nationalism .
They fomented this ideology among ordinary folk in essence to mask their own venality .
As one commentator described it , the new republics were ruled by " a parastate Cartel which had emerged from political institutions , the ruling Communist Party and its satellites , the military , a variety of police forces , the Mafia , court intellectuals and with the president of the Republic at the center of the spider web ... Tribal nationalism was indispensable for the cartel as a means to pacify its subordinates and as a cover for the uninterrupted privatization of the state apparatus .
( McMafia : A Journey Through the Global Criminal Underworld , New York : Alfred A. Knopf , 2008 , p. 27 )
Glenny 's description of the 1990s convergence of political , economic and security elites with organized crime syndicates in Western intelligence operations is the quintessential definition of the capitalist deep state .
In Deep Politics and the Death of JFK , Peter Dale Scott describes how the deep state can be characterized by " the symbiosis between governments ( and in particular their intelligence agencies ) and criminal associations , particularly drug traffickers , in the stabilization of right - wing terror in Vietnam , Italy , Bolivia , Afghanistan , Nicaragua , and other parts of the world . "
Indeed , " revelations in the 1970s and 1980s about the ' strategy of tension , ' whereby government intelligence agencies , working in international conjunction , strengthened the case for their survival by actually fomenting violence , recurringly in alliance with drug - trafficking elements . "
Scott 's analysis is perhaps even more relevant today as " failed states " such as Kosovo , characterized by economic looting on an industrial scale , the absence of the rule of law , reliance on far - right terrorists ( of both the " religious " and " secular " varieties ) to achieve policy goals , organized crime syndicates , as both assets and executors of Western policy , and comprador elites are Washington 's preferred international partners .
For the ruling elites of the former Yugoslavia and their Western allies , Kosovo is a veritable goldmine .
Situated in the heart of the Balkans , Kosovo 's government is deeply tied to organized crime structures : narcotrafficking , arms smuggling , car theft rings and human trafficking that feeds the sex slave " industry . "
These operations are intimately linked to American destabilization campaigns and their cosy ties to on - again , off - again intelligence assets that include al - Qaeda and other far - right terror gangs .
As investigative journalist Peter Klebnikov documented in 2000 ,
The Kosovar traffickers ship heroin exclusively from Asia 's Golden Crescent .
It 's an apparently inexhaustible source .
At one end of the crescent lies Afghanistan , which in 1999 surpassed Burma as the world 's largest producer of opium poppies .
From there , the heroin base passes through Iran to Turkey , where it is refined , and then into the hands of the 15 Families , which operate out of the lawless border towns linking Macedonia , Albania , and Serbia .
Not surprisingly , the KLA has also flourished there .
According to the State Department , four to six tons of heroin move through Turkey every month .
" Not very much is stopped , " says one official .
" We get just a fraction of the total . "
( " Heroin Heroes , " Mother Jones , January - February 2000 )
Not much has changed since then .
Indeed , the CIA 's intelligence model for covert destabilization operations is a continuing formula for " success . "
Beginning in the 1940s , when the Corsican Mafia was pegged by the Agency to smash the French Communist Party , down to today 's bloody headlines coming out of Afghanistan and Pakistan , global drug lords and intelligence operators go hand in hand .
It is hardly surprising then , that according to a report by the Berlin Institute for European Policy , organized crime is the only profitable sector of the Kosovan economy .
Nearly a quarter of the country 's economic output , some < 82>550 million , is derived from criminal activities .
Though the role of the United States and their NATO partners are central to the drama unfolding today , the BND affair also reveals that beneath the carefully - constructed faade of Western " unity " in " Freedom Land , " deep inter - imperialist rivalries simmer .
As the socialist journalist Peter Schwarz reports ,
Speculation has since been rife about the background to the case , but it is doubtful whether it will ever be clarified .
Kosovo is a jungle of rival secret services .
In this regard , it resembles Berlin before the fall of the Wall .
The US , Germany , Britain , Italy and France all have considerable intelligence operations in the country , which work both with and against one another .
Moreover , in this country of just 2.1 million inhabitants , some 15,000 NATO soldiers and 1,500 UN police officers are stationed , as well as 400 judges , police officers and security officers belonging to the UN 's EULEX mission .
( Peter Schwarz , " Kosovo's Dirty Secret : The Background to Germany 's Secret Service Affair , " World Socialist Web Site , December 1 , 2008 )
Into this jungle of conflicting loyalties and interests , international crime syndicates in close proximity -- and fleeting alliance -- with this or that security service rule the roost .
It is all the more ironic that the Thaci government has targeted the BND considering , as Balkan analyst Christopher Deliso revealed :
In 1996 , Germany 's BND established a major station in Tirana ... and another in Rome to select and train future KLA fighters .
According to Le Monde Diplomatique , " special forces in Berlin provided the operational training and supplied arms and transmission equipment from ex-East German Stasi stocks as well as Black uniforms . "
The Italian headquarters recruited Albanian immigrants passing through ports such as Brindisi and Trieste , while German military intelligence , the Militaramschirmdienst , and the Kommando Spezialkrfte Special Forces ( KSK ) , offered military training and provisions to the KLA in the remote Mirdita Mountains of northern Albania controlled by the deposed president , Sali Berisha .
( The Coming Balkan Caliphate , Westport : Praeger Security International , 2007 , p. 37 )
But as Schwarz observed , why would the Thaci government risk alienating the German state , given the fact that after the U.S. , Germany " is the second largest financial backer of Kosovo and ranks among the most important advocates of its independence . "
Why indeed ?
According to Balkan Analysis , the International Crisis Group ( ICG ) funded by billionaire George Soros ' Open Society Institute ( OSI ) and closely aligned with " liberal interventionists " in the United States , were instrumental in arguing that the United States and Germany , should guarantee " future stability , " by building up the Kosovo Protection Corps ( TMK ) , the KLA 's successor organization , into a well - equipped army .
Towards this end , the U.S. and Germany , in addition to arming the organized crime - linked statelet , have provided funds and equipment for a sophisticated military communications center in the capital .
Speculation is rife and conflicting accounts proliferate like mushrooms after a warm rain .
One theory has it that senior Kosovan politicians were angered by BND criticisms linking KLA functionaries , including personal associates of Thaci and the Prime Minister himself , with organized crime .
Tellingly , Schwarz reports , this " is contrary to the position taken by the CIA . "
Is the affair then , merely a falling - out among thieves on how the spoils will be divided ?
The CIA : Drugs & Thugs International
As noted above , U.S. destabilization programs and covert operations rely on far - flung networks of far - right provocateurs and drug lords ( often interchangeable players ) to facilitate the dirty work for U.S. policy elites and American multinational corporations .
Throughout its Balkan adventure the CIA made liberal use of these preexisting narcotics networks to arm the KLA and provide them with targets .
In their public pronouncements and analyses however , nary a harsh word is spoken .
According to the CIA , by any standard Kosovo 's economy is a disaster , but that does n't prevent the Agency from seeing " significant progress " !
Over the past few years Kosovo 's economy has shown significant progress in transitioning to a market - based system , but it is still highly dependent on the international community and the diaspora for financial and technical assistance .
Remittances from the diaspora -- located mainly in Germany and Switzerland -- account for about 30 % of GDP .
Kosovo 's citizens are the poorest in Europe with an average annual per capita income of only $ 1800 - - about one - third the level of neighboring Albania .
Unemployment -- at more than 40 % of the population -- is a severe problem that encourages outward migration .
( Central Intelligence Agency , The World Factbook , November 20 , 2008 )
Needless to say , one unmentionable " fact " disappeared from the CIA 's country profile is the statelet 's overwhelming dependence on the black economy .
I suppose this is what the Agency means when it lauds Kosovo 's transition to a " market - based system " !
But as former DEA investigator and whistleblower Michael Levine , author of The Big White Lie , told B92 , one of the wings of the Kosovo Liberation Army ( KLA ) was " linked with every known narco - cartel in the Middle East and the Far East " , and that almost every European intelligence service and police has files on " connections between ethnic Albanian rebels and drug trafficking " .
And dare I say by extension , the CIA itself .
One bone of contention which could have led Thaci and his henchmen to seek revenge against his erstwhile German allies was a 67 - page BND analysis about organized crime in Kosovo .
As Schwarz noted the dossier , produced in February 2005 and subsequently leaked to the press , " accuses Ramush Haradinaj ( head of government from December 2004 to March 2005 ) , Hashim Thaci ( prime minister since January 2008 ) and Xhavit Haliti , who sits in the parliament presidium , of being deeply implicated in the drugs trade . "
According to the BND report , " Regarding the key players ( e.g. , Haliti , Thaci , Haradinaj ) , there exists the closest ties between politics , business and internationally operating OC [ organized crime ] structures in Kosovo .
The criminal networks behind this are encouraging political instability .
They have no interest in building a functioning state , which could impair their flourishing trade . "
( WSWS , op. cit. )
Haradinaj , an American protegee , became Prime Minister in 2004 .
However , he was forced to resign his post in March 2005 when the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia indicted him for crimes against humanity .
Among other things , Haradinaj was accused of abducting civilians , unlawful detention , torture , murder and rape .
Schwarz notes he was acquitted in April 2008 " for lack of evidence , after nine out of ten prosecution witnesses died violently and the tenth withdrew his statement after narrowly escaping an assassination attempt . "
Talk about friends in high places !
Mirroring evidence uncovered by journalists and investigators regarding the control of the drugs trade by 15 Albanian crime families , the Berlin Institute for European Policy laid similar charges against Thaci , stating that real power in Kosovo is wielded by 15 to 20 family clans who control " almost all substantial key social positions " and are " closely linked to prominent political decision makers . "
According to Spiegel , when the BND operation was run to ground with the possible connivance of the CIA , its secret network of informants , instrumental to gaining insight into the interconnections amongst state actors and organized crime were compromised .
The BND 's Department Five , responsible for organized crime wrote a confidential report linking Thaci as " a key figure in a Kosovar - Albanian mafia network . "
Department Two , according to Spiegel , was responsible for telecommunications surveillance .
In 1999 , the BND launched operation " Mofa99 , " a wiretap intercept program that targeted high - ranking members of the KLA -- and exposed their links to dodgy criminal syndicates and Islamist allies , al - Qaeda .
The program was so successful according to Spiegel that since then , " the BND has maintained an extensive network of informants among high - ranking functionaries of the KLA and the Kosovar administration . "
Functionaries in possession of many dangerous secrets and inconvenient truths !
As researcher and analyst Michel Chossudovsky wrote back in 2001 , among the " inconvenient truths " unexplored by Western media is the close proximity of far - right Islamist terror gangs and planetary U.S. destabilization operations .
Since the Soviet - Afghan war , recruiting Mujahedin ( " holy warriors " ) to fight covert wars on Washington 's behest has become an integral part of US foreign policy .
A report of the US Congress has revealed how the US administration -- under advice from the National Security Council headed by Anthony Lake -- had " helped turn Bosnia into a militant Islamic base " leading to the recruitment through the so - called " Militant Islamic Network , " of thousands of Mujahedin from the Muslim world .
The " Bosnian pattern " has since been replicated in Kosovo , Southern Serbia and Macedonia .
Among the foreign mercenaries now fighting with the KLA - NLA are Mujahedin from the Middle East and the Central Asian republics of the former Soviet Union as well as " soldiers of fortune " from several NATO countries including Britain , Holland and Germany .
Some of these Western mercenaries had previously fought with the KLA and the Bosnian Muslim Army .
( Michel Chossudovsky , " Washington Behind Terrorist Assaults in Macedonia , " Global Research , September 10 , 2001 )
Fast forward seven years and one can hypothesize that the BND , stepping on the CIA 's toes and that agency 's cosy intelligence " understanding " with Mafia - linked KLA fighters and al - Qaeda assets , would have every reason to sabotage the BND 's organized crime operations -- not that the German military intelligence service 's hands are any cleaner !
While we may never know all the facts surrounding this curious affair , one thing is certain : the role played by powerful Mafia gangs as a source for black funds , intelligence assets and CIA " agents of influence " will continue .
Administrations come and go , but like motherhood and apple pie the shadowy workings of America 's deep state is an eternal verity you can count on !
First appeared in Antifascist Calling .
Thanks to Tom Burghardt and Antifascist Calling for covering this document .
Copyright remains with the aforementioned .
Contact antifascist-calling.blogspot.com for reprint rights .
Source document
See also
Tom Burghardt is a researcher and activist based in the San Francisco Bay Area .
In addition to publishing in Covert Action Quarterly and Global Research , an independent research and media group of writers , scholars , journalists and activists based in Montreal , his articles can be read on Dissident Voice , The Intelligence Daily and Pacific Free Press .
He is the editor of Police State America : U.S. Military " Civil Disturbance " Planning , distributed by AK Press .
PRINCETON , NJ --
With a 69 % job approval rating in the latest Gallup Poll Daily update , Barack Obama continues a strong start to his presidency .
That rating follows his initial approval rating of 68 % -- based on Jan. 21- 23 polling and reported Saturday -- and ranks him near the top of the list of presidents elected after World War II .
In fact , only John Kennedy had a higher initial approval rating -- 72 % in 1961 -- though Dwight Eisenhower and Jimmy Carter also had ratings in the mid- to high 60s .
But Gallup did not measure those three presidents ' initial ratings until early February , and new presidents ' approval ratings typically increase in the first few months of their presidencies .
Thus , Obama 's initial approval rating of 68 % looks more impressive compared to the average 55 % approval rating for the four presidents whose first ratings were measured in January after their inaugurations .
In general , the American public rates all new presidents positively -- all have received majority approval in their debut ratings -- though Obama is clearly near the top of the list .
The three presidents who took office after the death or resignation of their predecessors tended to start out with even greater public support , as the nation rallied around the new chief executive in times of crisis .
These include Harry Truman in 1945 with an 87 % approval rating , Lyndon Johnson with 78 % in 1963 , and Gerald Ford with 71 % in 1974 .
Obama 's 12 % disapproval in Jan. 21 - 23 polling is low on an absolute basis , but does fall on the high end of what Gallup has measured historically , as the majority of post - World War II presidents have begun their terms with disapproval ratings below 10 % .
But Obama 's higher - than - average first disapproval rating may simply reflect the passing of a bygone political era , as four of the last five presidents ( including Obama ) have had disapproval ratings above 10 % in Gallup 's first measurement .
The only exception is the elder George Bush in 1989 .
However , Obama fares significantly better on this count than his two immediate predecessors -- Bill Clinton ( 20 % disapproval ) and George W. Bush ( 25 % ) .
Both started with relatively high opposition from supporters of the other political party -- 41 % of Republicans disapproved of the job Clinton was doing in early 1993 , and , in early February 2001 , 46 % of Democrats disapproved of the job George W. Bush was doing as president .
By comparison , a relatively low 30 % of Republicans disapprove of Obama .
In fact , Republicans are more likely to approve than disapprove of Obama 's performance thus far , according to an average of the first four days of Gallup tracking on Obama job approval .
More than 6 in 10 independents , and nearly 9 in 10 Democrats , approve .
At the outset of his presidency , Obama has majority approval from all ideological groups , including 83 % of self - identified liberals , 75 % of moderates , and 52 % of conservatives .
In addition to liberals and Democrats , two of the key groups from Obama 's winning electoral coalition -- young adults ( 79 % of 18 - to 29 - year - olds ) and nonwhites ( 78 % ) -- give him especially positive initial evaluations .
And , consistent with the pattern of last year 's election campaign , women ( 71 % ) are more positive toward Obama than are men ( 64 % ) .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with 1,614 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted Jan. 22 - 24 , 2009 , and 1,591 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted Jan. 21 - 23 , 2009 .
For results based on these total samples of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±3 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
One billion people will go hungry around the globe next year for the first time in human history , as the international financial crisis deepens , the United Nations has told The Independent on Sunday .
The shocking landmark will be passed – despite a second record worldwide harvest in a row – because people are becoming too destitute to buy the food that is produced .
Decades of progress in reducing hunger are being abruptly reversed , dealing a devastating blow to a pledge by world leaders eight years ago to cut it in half by 2015 .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Rich countries have failed to provide promised money to boost agriculture in the Third World ; the financial crisis is starving developing countries of credit and driving their people into greater poverty , and food aid to the starving is expected to begin drying up next month .
Development charities recently called on US president - elect Barack Obama to put the escalating food crisis " front and centre " of his priorities .
Some 963 million people are now undernourished worldwide , according to the most recent survey of the crisis by the Food and Agriculture Organisation ( FAO ) , and the UN body expects the situation to worsen with the recession .
" The number will rise steadily next year , " an FAO spokesman told the IoS last week .
" We are looking at a billion people .
That is clear . "
The FAO fears the tally will go on increasing for years to come .
This directly contradicts an undertaking by the world 's leaders at a special summit in September 2000 to " reduce by half the proportion of people who suffer from hunger " from 1990 levels by 2015 , as part of an ambitious set of Millennium Development Goals .
At the time , and for several years afterwards , the goal looked achievable , if challenging .
Between 1990 and 2005 the number of undernourished people stayed more or less the same at between 800 and 850 million , even though world population grew by 1.2 billion , meaning that the proportion of a rapidly increasing humanity that went hungry was steadily falling .
Several countries – including Ghana , Peru , Mexico , Chile , Jamaica and Costa Rica – actually exceeded the target years ahead of time , while others such as Ethiopia , Nicaragua and Mozambique were on track to achieve it .
Twenty - five developing nations looked as if they would be able to halve the absolute number of their hungry – not just the proportion of them in their rising populations – by the target date .
But over the past three years that progress has been thrown abruptly into reverse , with the first steep and sustained rise in hunger in decades leaving another 115 million people short of food .
The increase began when prosperity was still increasing and has continued despite bumper harvests ; a new FAO report shows that this year 's grain crop is set to grow by 5.4 per cent to 2,241 million tons , following a 6 per cent rise last year – ahead of population growth .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
So the growth in hunger is not occurring , as in the past , because of shortage of food – but because people cannot afford to buy it even when it is plentiful .
The main reason has been that high food prices have priced the poor out of the market .
Over the 12 months until last summer , wheat and maize prices more than doubled and rice prices more than tripled .
This was due partly to the growth in biofuels which , the FAO reports , has taken over 100 million tons of cereals out of food supplies over the past year to fuel cars instead .
One fill of a 4x4's tank uses enough grain to feed one poor person for a year .
The organisation also blames speculation , population growth , the shrinking of food stocks to record lows and the increasing consumption of meat in developing countries such as China and India , which mops up grain supplies because they are used to feed livestock .
International prices have fallen sharply since the summer , as this year 's good harvest has further swelled supplies and the growing financial crisis has cut demand .
But the FAO reports that the lower prices have failed to ease the crisis , while the increasing financial turmoil has made it worse .
Developing countries have not benefited from the falling worldwide cost of food , it says , because their currencies have depreciated against the dollar in which international prices are set and their domestic supplies remain scarce , keeping prices in local markets at record levels .
Virtually none of the increased production of the past two years has taken place in the Third World , partly because its farmers have been unable to afford expensive fertilisers and seeds while the profits of giant agrochemical and biotech companies have soared .
Now as rich countries ' economies slump , they are importing fewer commodities and goods from developing ones , driving national incomes down and increasing unemployment and poverty .
As employment falls in the West , Third World immigrants are losing their jobs and are no longer able to send back the money they save from their wages in remittances to their families , a financial boost that is often crucial in keeping them out of dire poverty .
Just as serious , the FAO adds , the credit that Third World farmers need to buy seeds , energy and agricultural chemicals – and to improve production – is drying up .
Aid , too , is falling precipitously .
Earlier this month , the World Food Programme – the UN agency that provides food to the hungry – announced that it was running out of supplies .
Unless it receives more soon it expects to have to start rationing aid next month , and to run out of food altogether for needy countries such as Haiti , Sudan and Bangladesh by March .
At a special summit in June last year , rich governments pledged $ 12.3 bn ( £ 8.4 bn ) to tackle the food crisis , but have so far handed over only $ 1bn of it , as they have scrambled to provide trillions to bail out failing banks .
" Overcoming the financial crisis is critical , " concludes the FAO in a recent report , " but continuing the fight against hunger by realising those pledged billions is no less important . "
Jacques Diouf , the FAO 's director general , warns : " Unless the political will and donor pledges are turned into urgent and real actions , millions more will fall into deep poverty . "
Josette Sheeran , the executive director of the World Food Programme , added : " While we worry about Wall Street and the high street , we are also paying attention to the needs of those who live in places with no street . "
She has called on governments to devote just 1 per cent of their bailout and stimulus packages to fighting hunger .
The worst is yet to come , taking the number of hungry beyond the one billion mark .
As food prices fall , the FAO is reporting signs that farmers in Europe and North America are reducing their plantings for next year 's harvest – and the same thing is likely to happen in the Third World as the lack of credit stops its farmers from being able to buy the food and agricultural chemicals they need .
So next year 's harvest , it is feared , will be smaller , even if the weather remains good .
The run of good seasons is unlikely to continue for long , even in the short run .
And in the medium to long term , climate change is expected to make harvests dramatically worse .
Mr Diouf predicts that , if the world fails to take urgent action to keep global warming beneath 2C , the emerging international target , " the global food production potential can be expected to contract severely " – with harvests dropping by up to 40 per cent in Africa , Asia and Latin America .
Global targets : a progress report
Goal one Eradicate extreme poverty and hunger between 1990 and 2015 .
Progress 1.4 billion people live in extreme poverty , down from 42 per cent of the world population in 1990 to 26 per cent in 2005 .
Up to 75 per cent of the population is employed except in parts of Africa and Asia .
Undernourished under - fives dropped from 33 per cent in 1990 to 26 per cent in 2006 .
Success or failure ?
Still possible by 2015 but lack of progress in sub-Saharan Africa , where workers earn less than $ 1 a day .
Goal two Universal primary education by 2015 .
Progress 570 million children worldwide enrolled in school .
Those not enrolled fell from 103 million in 1999 to 73 million in 2006 .
Primary school enrolment reached 88 per cent in 2006 , up 5 per cent per cent from 2000 .
Success or failure ?
38 million children in sub-Saharan Africa are not enrolled , while in southern Asia 18 million do not go to school .
This goal may not be achieved by 2015 , and there are barriers on girls going to school .
Goal three Promote gender equality in education by 2015 and empower women .
Progress 55 per cent of children not in school are girls .
Women occupy about 30 per cent of parliamentary seats in 20 countries .
Women occupy 40 per cent of all paid jobs , up 5 per cent on 1990 .
Success or failure ?
113 countries failed to achieve equality of enrolment ; only 18 will meet the target .
Since 2000 , the proportion of women in parliaments rose from 13.5 to 17.9 per cent .
Goal four Reduce child mortality of under - fives by two - thirds between 1990 and 2015 .
Progress Deaths of under - fives declined from 93 to 72 deaths per 1,000 live births between 1990 and 2006 , and child deaths dropped below 10 million a year in 2006 .
Success or failure ?
Children born in developing countries still 13 times more likely to die under five .
Between 1990 and 2006 , 26 countries made no progress in reducing childhood deaths , while in 27 others the mortality rate is flat or getting worse .
Goal five Improve maternal health and reduce mortality by two - thirds between 1990 and 2015 .
Progress Maternal mortality decreased by less than 1 per cent per year between 1990 and 2005 ; 60 per cent of births were attended by health professionals in 2006 , up 10 per cent since 1990 .
Success or failure ?
500,000 women a year in developing countries die during pregnancy .
Worst progress of all goals .
Goal six Universal access to treatment for Aids / HIV by 2010 and reverse spread of HIV / Aids and malaria by 2015 .
Progress New HIV cases declined from three million a year in 2001 to 2.7 million in 2007 .
Funding increased tenfold within a decade .
Mosquito net production rose from 30 million in 2004 to 95 million in 2007 .
Success or failure ?
7,500 people a day infected with HIV ; 5,500 die of Aids - related illness ; 500 million new cases of malaria a year .
Goal seven Reduce loss of biodiversity by 2010 and halve number of people without access to safe water or sanitation by 2015 .
Progress Deforestation declined to 7.3 million hectares a year ; 1.6 billion people have access to drinking water since 1990 .
Success or failure ?
40 per cent of the world lives with water scarcity , and fish stocks are overexploited .
One billion people still have no access to safe drinking water and 2.5 billion have no access to basic sanitation , yet target may still be achieved .
Goal eight Develop a global partnership for development .
Progress
The UK is among the few nations to meet targets of giving 0.15 per cent of gross national Income in aid .
The burden of debt in developing countries fell from 13 per cent of exports in 2000 to 7 per cent in 2006 .
Success or failure ?
Aid dropped from £ 67bn in 2005 to £ 64bn in 2007 but needs to increase by £ 18bn a year .
A third of essential medicines are available in 30 developing countries .
Copyright © 2020 Universal Hovercraft of America , Inc. Unauthorized use of any content on this site is prohibited .
Feeling sexy ?
A simple sneeze may be a tell - tale sign of sexual arousal for a select few , research suggests .
Two British doctors investigated the phenomenon after reading of a middle - aged patient who had uncontrollable sneezing fits when he thought of sex .
They unearthed evidence , via internet chat rooms , of 17 others - of both sexes - with the same problem .
The Journal of the Royal Society of Medicine study suggests it may be down to a mix - up in brain circuitry .
Sometimes the signals in this system get crossed , and I think this may be why some people sneeze when they think about sex
Dr Mahmood Bhutta
John Radcliffe Hospital
The researchers , Dr Mahmood Bhutta and Dr Harold Maxwell , also uncovered three people who claimed to sneeze after orgasm .
Dr Bhutta , a specialist in ear , nose and throat medicine at Oxford 's John Radcliffe Hospital , said the phenomenon could be more widespread than thought and might even be inherited .
He said : " It certainly seems odd , but I think this reflex demonstrates evolutionary relics in the wiring of a part of the nervous system called the autonomic nervous system .
" This is the part beyond our control , and which controls things like our heart rate and the amount of light let in by our pupils .
" Sometimes the signals in this system get crossed , and I think this may be why some people sneeze when they think about sex . "
Few references
However , Dr Bhutta said there were only one or two references to the sex - and - sneezing link in published medical literature .
The most recent was a letter to the Journal of the American Medical Association in 1972 involving a 69 - year - old man who complained of severe sneezing following orgasm .
However , Dr Bhutta said embarrassment or social inhibition may have prevented others from admitting the problem .
He added that internet chat rooms could be a potential new tool for investigating the incidence of unusual or embarrassing symptoms that patients may not feel appropriate to discuss with their doctor .
His papers also describes how genetics can explain why around one in four people sneeze as a response to sunlight .
Sneezing usually occurs in response to nasal irritation , triggering a reflex that expels air at speeds of around 150 kilometres an hour .
Mr Andrew McCombe , an ENT consultant at Frimley Park Hospital said there was a possible physiological explanation for a link between sexual arousal and sneezing .
He said during arousal the autonomic nervous system fires off signals to trigger changes in the genitals of both men and women .
However , the nose also contains erectile tissue , and this may also become engorged during arousal , triggering the need to sneeze .
There is a condition known as honeymoon rhinitis , in which men and women experience nasal stuffiness during sex .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
U.S. will give free weapons to Afghan civilians David Edwards and Stephen C. Webster
Published : Saturday December 27 , 2008
Print This Email This
One way to quell a violent and deteriorating situation , according to the U.S. military , is to flood the place with guns .
That 's exactly what is planned for Afghanistan , where a rising tide of chaos is slowly pushing the country past Iraq as the most dangerous battlefield Americans tread upon .
" The U.S. military plans to help the Afghanistan government recruit , train and arm local Afghans to fight a resurgent Taliban , " reported CNN 's Barbara Starr .
" For the United States , the most sensitive part of the proposal will be the use of American military funds to purchase small arms , most likely AK - 47 rifles , that will be given to local Afghans , according to a U.S. military official . "
" There are worries , " Starr continued , " putting even more weapons in the hands of local communities could lead to tribes fighting each other instead of the Taliban .
U.S. troops could get caught in the middle . "
The plan would also hinge upon the weak Afghan government to maintain the loyalties of the newly armed populace .
The last time the U.S. poured weapons into Afghanistan was during the administration of Ronald Reagen , who opted to back the Mujahadeen against occupying Soviet Union forces .
The CIA spent billions arming the Afghans through the Pakistani and Saudi intelligence services , finally resulting in driving the Soviets out .
Ultimately , the wealth of destructive force and financial heft given to the Afghans concentrated around two groups : Osama bin Laden 's al - Qaeda , and the Taliban .
This ' new ' strategy will be presented for President - elect Obama 's consideration , Starr said .
This video is from CNN's American Morning , broadcast Dec. 26 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
In the UK , government sources say shorter hours would be preferable to mass unemployment : Britain is facing return of three - day week
The prospect of the three - day week returned to haunt Britain yesterday as it emerged that ministers are considering paying firms to cut hours in order to survive the recession .
Tens of thousands of businesses are already planning to scale back working hours this year in an effort to stay afloat .
But as the country comes to terms with the reality of a recession , it emerged that the Government is looking at compensating employees , through their firms – thereby drawing comparisons with the shutdowns of the 1970s .
While the move would safeguard jobs , it would mean that the financial crisis is on a much larger scale , further undermining confidence in the economy with the suggestion of Britain grinding to a halt .
Major firms such as JCB have already downed tools for one day a week and are considering moving to a three - day week , with state help , if the recession gets worse .
The firm 's chief executive , Matthew Taylor , said that he is pressing Lord Mandelson , the Secretary of State for Business , to introduce compensation for workers if their hours are reduced .
‘ Soviet ’ Britain swells amid the recession
PARTS of the United Kingdom have become so heavily dependent on government spending that the private sector is generating less than a third of the regional economy , a new analysis has found .
The study of “ Soviet Britain ” has found the government ’s share of output and expenditure has now surged to more than 60 % in some areas of England and over 70 % elsewhere .
Experts believe the recession will tighten the state ’s grip still further as benefit handouts soar and Labour directs public sector organisations to create jobs to soak up unemployment .
In the northeast of England the state is expected to be responsible for 66.4 % of the economy this year , up from 58.7 % when a similar study was carried out four years ago .
When Labour came to power , the figure was 53.8 % .
Across the whole of the UK , 49 % of the economy will consist of state spending , while in Wales , the figure will be 71.6 % – up from 59 % in 2004 - 5 .
Nowhere in mainland Britain , however , comes close to Northern Ireland , where the state is responsible for 77.6 % of spending , despite the supposed resurgence of the economy after the end of the Troubles .
Even in southern England , the government ’s share of spending is growing relentlessly .
In the southeast , it has gone up from 33 % to 36 % of the economy in four years .
The state now looms far larger in many parts of Britain than it did in former Soviet satellite states such as Hungary and Slovakia as they emerged from communism in the 1990s , when state spending accounted for about 60 % of their economies .
“ It ’s not that the public sector in the northeast is too big , it is that the private sector is too small , ” said Malcolm Page , deputy chief executive of One North East .
“ The decline of traditional industries in the past means we need to establish more big private - sector companies in the region . ”
Tiger Woods ' caddy Steve Williams is going public about his opinion of Phil Mickelson and it's not pretty .
Advertisement
According to the Guardian , Williams thinks Mickelson is a " prick " .
Not exactly breaking news , but he did reveal a fun anecdote about Michelson 's saggy pectoral region .
The following exchange happened while Woods and Mickelson were paired up together at this year 's US Open .
The two players were walking down the 17th fairway when , according to Williams , someone shouted " Phil " in Mickelson 's direction .
The world No2 did not respond until the fan shouted " Hey , Mr Mickelson " .
When Mickelson turned and waved , the fan yelled out " Nice tits " .
The crowd erupted in laughter ; Mickelson went double bogey , bogey and his chances of winning the tournament disappeared .
Advertisement
And then Happy Gilmore came from behind and sunk an impossible putt to win the tournament .
You Have Arrived At
thedomaininvestmentbank.com
Featuring Our Cute Custom Short URLs and Web Addys :
The John C. Scales House
( built in 1894 )
at 840 West Hutchinson Street
in Chicago , Illinois
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
@MyWebSite
( AtMy.WS )
is a Web Portal Project of Otismo Web Design and also Otismo Custom Internet ,
which are part of The FoxeO Group of Internet Businesses , a Sole Proprietorship .
AtMy.ws specializes in Custom URL Shortening , Cloaking , Masking , Aliasing ,
and Redirection .
At My.ws also features Custom Email and Web Addresses ,
Custom SubDomains and Forwarding , and other Custom Web Specialties .
This website is under development - Thank
You for visiting !
;-)
F * A * N * T * S * Y
' Tis fun to go to my website ,
which is all about a pig city ;-)
and see what is in the bhyte stream .
Whether you are looking for a pedigreed dog ,
hog services , or a banty net to make a pun press ,
'tis today you will dig fun .
Cerebrus science
could even get you a hotbod date ,
and a pawnshop loan online .
These vases are made by heating a BIC pen until it 's soft and squishy and then blowing the water chamber like one would blow a piece in glass .
Then it 's ready to accept a single flower , which will drink from the cool waters below .
But just like your massive skull bong is only for enjoying fine tobaccos , this , friends , is for flowers and flowers alone .
Right ?
It 's $ 29 shipped .
[ Design Boom via Product Dose ]
Advertisement
The Catholic Church is to vet all candidates for the priesthood to eliminate anyone suspected of " deeply seated " homosexuality .
After being hit by a series of sex scandals , the Vatican has given the seal of approval to the psychological screening to test for evidence of personality disorders or serious doubts about aptitude for the priesthood .
Controversially , the head of the Vatican committee that made the recommendations has made it clear they should be used to screen out homosexuals , even if they are celibate , because homosexuality is " a type of deviation " that disqualifies a priest from exercising " spiritual paternity " .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
But Ben Summerskill , chief executive of the gay equality group Stonewall , warned : " It 's a tragedy at a time when the Roman Catholic Church is desperately short of people seeking a vocation in the Church ...
What will they do with someone they deemed to be innately homosexual because of his strange gait or rather odd look and who turned out to be heterosexual ?
The Pope wears Prada shoes , which might end regrettably with some ridiculous cardinal making unfair suggestions about him .
Exercises like these always end in tears . "
The " Guidelines for the Use of Psychology in the Admission and Formation of Candidates for the Priesthood " were drawn up by the Congregation for Catholic Education in the Vatican .
Speaking at a press conference earlier this week , the prefect of the Congregation , Cardinal Grocholewski , explained why a seminarian should be excluded from the priesthood even if he is celibate if it appeared that he was homosexual .
His remarks , delivered in Italian , were overlooked in Britain until they appeared in translation in yesterday 's Catholic Herald .
" The candidate does not necessarily have to practise homosexuality .
He can even be without sin , " the Cardinal said .
" But if he has this deep - seated tendency , he cannot be admitted to priestly ministry precisely because of the nature of the priesthood , in which a spiritual paternity is carried out .
Here we are not talking about whether he commits sins , but whether this deeply rooted tendency remains . "
He added : " In a certain sense , when we ask why Christ reserved the priesthood to men , we speak of this spiritual paternity , and maintain that homosexuality is a type of deviation , a type of irregularity .
Therefore it is a type of wound in the exercise of the priesthood , in forming relations with others .
And precisely for this reason we say that something is n't right in the psyche of such a man .
We do n't simply talk about the ability to abstain from these kinds of relations . "
The Congregation issued a similar warning in 2005 , but this week 's document – which is not available in English – appears to go further .
It says that if seminary students show signs of grave immaturity , then " the path of formation will have to be interrupted " .
Symptoms of " immaturity " would include unclear sexual identity , difficulty with the celibate life , excessive rigidity of character and lack of freedom in relations .
When it comes to assessing a candidate 's ability to be celibate , the document suggests that " it is not enough to be sure that he is capable of abstaining from genital activity " but that it is also necessary " to evaluate his sexual orientation " .
It recommends psychological tests , provided that the candidate gives his consent and that those conducting the tests do not use techniques outside their area of knowledge .
Psychological testing is already used by the Catholic Church in Britain , although screening varies between dioceses .
A one - woman crusade : Against gay priests
* Patricia McKeever is a reclusive former schoolteacher who has waged a campaign from her home in Scotland dedicated to the exposure of homosexual Roman Catholic priests .
Through her newsletter Catholic Truth and its website , Ms McKeever has named at least four priests as being gay or associating with gay men .
Ms McKeever insists that her newsletter is a " great work of charity " , but it is far from popular among Catholic priests .
The Archdiocese of Glasgow has accused her of harassment and she recently had to contact the police after receiving hardcore pornography in the post .
" The Church has always taught that homosexuality is contrary to its teachings , " Ms McKeever said in a rare interview .
" Homosexual priests do not believe in the Catholic faith any more , so they should n't be in the Church . "
SAN FRANCISCO  Instead of having a big , loud and complex computer on your desk , what if you could have a quiet , thin machine that rarely needed an upgrade or a fix ?
That has been the goal of many technology companies over the last 15 or so years .
They have tried to disrupt Microsoft ’s dominance of the PC desktop by creating what amount to intelligent monitors .
Rather than relying on their innards for handling work , these so - called thin clients send it out over the network to much larger servers that hold all of the necessary software and handle data - processing jobs .
For a variety of reasons , including slow data connections and clunky software , this model failed to live up to its promise and turned into an industrywide joke .
But now the technology is making a comeback , and large companies like Hewlett - Packard , Sun Microsystems and Samsung are increasing their investments in thin client systems .
Plenty of start - ups are looking at the market as well .
Bush FCC chairman considering ' porn - free Internet ' RAW STORY
Published : Monday December 1 , 2008
Print This Email This Bush Federal Communications Commission Chairman Kevin Martin is still considering a proposal to create a free , porn - free Internet , according to today 's Wall Street Journal :
The free Internet plan is the most controversial issue the agency will tackle in December .
Mr. Martin shelved plans to consider a wider variety of sticky issues pending at the agency , including a request by the Hollywood studios to hobble TVs and set - top boxes so studios can offer copy - protected theatrical releases sooner .
The proposal to allow a no-smut , free wireless Internet service is part of a proposal to auction off a chunk of airwaves .
The winning bidder would be required to set aside a quarter of the airwaves for a free Internet service .
The winner could establish a paid service that would have a fast wireless Internet connection .
The free service could be slower and would be required to filter out pornography and other material not suitable for children .
The FCC 's proposal mirrors a plan offered by M2Z Networks Inc. , a start - up backed by Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers partner John Doerr .
Martin was Deputy General Counsel for the Bush - Cheney 2000 recount .
SAN FRANCISCO —
A new calculation of the world 's coal reserves is much lower than previous estimates .
If validated , the new info could have a massive impact on the fate of the planet 's climate .
That 's because coal is responsible for most of the CO2 emissions that drive climate change .
If there were actually less coal available for burning , climate modelers would have to rethink their estimates of the level of emissions that humans will produce .
The new model , created by Dave Rutledge , chair of Caltech 's engineering and applied sciences division , suggests that humans will only pull up a total — including all past mining — of 662 billion tons of coal out of the Earth .
The best previous estimate , from the World Energy Council , says that the world has almost 850 billion tons of coal still left to be mined .
" Every estimate of the ultimate coal resource has been larger , " said ecologist Ken Caldeira of Stanford University , who was not involved with the new study .
" But if there 's much less coal than we think , that 's good news for climate . "
The carbon dioxide emitted when humans burn coal to create usable energy is primarily responsible for global warming .
Leading scientists think that the stability of Earth 's climate will be dictated by how the world uses — or does n't use — its coal resources .
And the thinking has been that the world has more than enough coal to wreak catastrophic damage to the climate system , absent major societal or governmental changes .
So the new estimate , which opens the slim possibility that humankind could do nothing to mitigate carbon dioxide emissions and still escape some of the impacts of climate change , comes as quite a shock .
Rutledge argues that governments are terrible at estimating their own fossil fuel reserves .
He developed his new model by looking back at historical examples of fossil fuel exhaustion .
For example , British coal production fell precipitously form its 1913 peak .
American oil production famously peaked in 1970 , as controversially predicted by King Hubbert .
Both countries had heartily overestimated their reserves .
It was from manipulating the data from the previous peaks that Rutledge developed his new model , based on fitting curves to the cumulative production of a region .
He says that they provide much more stable estimates than other techniques and are much more accurate than those made by individual countries .
" The record of geological estimates made by governments for their fossil fuel estimates is really horrible , " Rutledge said during a press conference at the American Geological Union annual meeting .
" And the estimates tend to be quite high .
They over - predict future coal production . "
More specifically , Rutledge says that big surveys of natural resources underestimate the difficulty and expense of getting to the coal reserves of the world .
And that 's assuming that the countries have at least tried to offer a real estimate to the international community .
China , for example , has only submitted two estimates of its coal reserves to the World Energy Council — and they were wildly different .
" The Chinese are interested in producing coal , not figuring out how much they have , " Rutledge said .
" That much is obvious . "
The National Research Council 's Committee on Coal Research , Technology , and Resource Assessments to Inform Energy Policy actually agrees with many of Rutledge 's criticisms , while continuing to maintain far sunnier estimates of the recoverable stocks of American coal .
" Present estimates of coal reserves are based upon methods that have not been reviewed or revised since their inception in 1974 , and much of the input data were compiled in the early 1970 ’s , " the committee wrote in a 2007 report .
" Recent programs to assess reserves in limited areas using updated methods indicate that only a small fraction of previously estimated reserves are actually mineable reserves . ”
And do n't look to technology to bail out coal miners .
Mechanization has actually decreased the world 's recoverable reserves , because huge mining machines are n't quite as good at digging out coal as human beings are .
With Rutledge 's new numbers , the world could burn all the coal ( and other fossil fuels ) it can get to , and the atmospheric concentration of CO2 would only end up around 460 parts per million , which is predicted to cause a 2 - degree - Celsius rise in global temperatures .
For many scientists , that 's too much warming .
A growing coalition is calling for limiting the CO2 in the atmosphere to 350 parts per million , down from the 380 ppm of today , but it 's a far cry from some of the more devastating scenarios devised by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change .
" Coal emissions really need to be phased out proactively — we can't just wait for them to run out — by the year 2030 , " said Pushker Kharecha , a scientist at NASA 's Goddard Institute for Space Studies .
" There is more than enough coal to keep CO2 well above 350 ppm well beyond this century . "
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change uses economic models that assume that the world will not run out of coal .
Some IPCC scenarios show 3.4 billion tons of coal being burned just through 2100 .
That 's more than five times what Rutledge thinks will be possible — and a good deal higher than the WEC 's estimate for recoverable coal reserves , too .
On the other hand , if the world were really to encounter a swift and steep decline in accessible coal resources , it 's unclear how humans could retain our current levels of transportation , industry and general energy - usage .
So , even if coal were to run out and the most dangerous climate change averted , the imperative to develop non–fossil - fuel energy sources would remain .
" Peak Oil and peak gas and peak coal could really go either way for the climate , " Kharecha said .
" It all depends on choices for subsequent energy sources . "
Image : Mining equipment at Black Thunder Mine near Wright , Wyo. AP Photo / Carson Walker
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and project site , Inventing Green : the lost history of American clean tech ; Wired Science on Facebook .
Remember that video which claims banana ’s are the atheists ultimate nightmare , because “ only God ( presumably meaning Yahweh and not Zeus ) could have designed something which fits so neatly into the human hand ” ?
Well the guy in it has his very own blog and it ’s everything you ’d imagine it to be – and then some .
While you have to stand in awe of anyone who can regularly get 100 plus comments on just about every single blog entry , do n’t be too quick to become dismayed or delighted , depending on how you look at it .
Very few of the comments are from people who agree with a single word he has to say , and of the ones who do , there ’s a distinct sense of organisation about the way they write – as if they ’re professional money raisers in Jesus name , with a distinct interest in making Ray seem more credible than his actual words and ideas could possibly allow , even in the most twisted of mind - sets – of which Ray has surely been in all of his life and will be until it ends .
What ’s astounding to me is the lengths to which people will go , to prove to themselves and their kind , that their imaginary fears are valid , while completely ignoring people who ’ve proven they are not .
The threat of eternal damnation for refusing to accept falsehoods as truth , means nothing to people who are n’t religious – yet it is all religious people can threaten non-believers with .
Almost as an acknowledgement of this simple fact , Ray attempts to go one further than the fire and brimstone gobbledegook we ’re accustomed to , by deliberately misquoting Newton , Einstein and Hawking in his blog ’s header summary and writing in a style which appears to make light of the daily bombardment his blog receives from the hundreds of normal people currently filling up his comments section , in a futile attempt to remind Ray of the schoolboy errors in his circular thinking , with good old fashioned logic .
Meg sez , " I just found a copy of one of my favorite used - book finds ever ,
1912 's Hygiene for the Worker , on the Internet Archive .
It 's wonderful in
so many ways .
The illustrations are simultaneously delightful and
creepy , the language is charmingly outdated , and the lessons in the
book attempt to create a race of scrubbed - clean , milk - drinking super
employees who spend their vacations at home ' laying up a greater
store of health and energy than the young people who come back tired
and weary from having too good a time at the mountains and other
regular summer resorts . ' "
Hair .
Most boys and girls , ordinarily , do not value or
pay sufficient attention to the little things that go to make
up a good appearance .
Take the hair , for instance .
If you want to make a
good impression , do n't apply for a position with your scalp
and hair so unclean as to be offensive .
It has now become the rule , in certain large offices , to
draw the line against the girls and young women whose
hair is fantastically arranged in the extreme of style .
Elaborate head dressings suggest to the employer a certain
vanity , self - consciousness , and frivolity that render a girl
unable to put her mind seriously upon her work .
Clothing .
Here also should be mentioned the impro -
priety of wearing , during business , clothing that seems
suitable only for evening or home use .
The type of waist
known as the lingerie is one that the business girl should
not wear in the office .
It is neither sensible nor dignified .
Nor is it an economy , for on account of its sheerness it
requires greater care and expense in laundering ; hence , it
is seldom washed as frequently as it should be .
There is
nothing more distasteful to the average business man than
unclean finery .
Boys and girls both are inclined to run to extremes of style
in their dress , usually preferring garments that are of the most
up - to - date cut and shape to those of more modest appear -
ance , which are generally found to be made better and
of more enduring materials .
This is equally true of hats
and shoes .
An employer will probably notice whether you
are wearing elaborately cut and high - heeled shoes , run
down , unbrushed , and with broken laces , or whether your
feet are shod in sensible , well - fitting shoes , kept clean
and neat .
UK holidaymakers are getting fewer euros for their pounds .
The falling value of sterling means some people are getting less than a euro for every pound when changing money , The Observer suggests .
After commission and handling fees were charged , customers at some airports got just 197.13 euros for £ 200 on Saturday .
Last week sterling fell close to 1.11 euros - but the commercial rate obtained by tourists is usually lower .
Worries that the UK economy would be among the hardest hit by the recession have dented the strength of the pound .
In addition , UK interest rates are at their lowest level since 1951 , and are lower than those in the eurozone .
While a euro is worth about 89 p now , it was worth 71 p at its physical launch in 2002 ( and 57 p on foreign currency markets during its all - time low in 2000 ) .
As the pound has moved close to parity with the euro , some analysts have raised the possibility of the UK adopting the single European currency .
Martin Slaney , head of derivatives at GFT Global Markets , said that the pound may fall further as economic woes continue .
" The 12 - month outlook is pretty bleak for the pound , " he said .
" The euro is becoming the darling of the currency market and there 's no confidence in the pound and I would not be at all surprised if it hit parity with the euro and even fell a bit below that . "
Q&A : Why the pound is falling Taxi exports boosted by low pound The Conservatives and Liberals Democrats have said that the government is to blame for the collapse of the pound - saying that a decision to allow public borrowing to soar in order to fund tax cuts had dented economic confidence .
The chief secretary to the Treasury , Yvette Cooper told the BBC that the the government was not planning to step in to support the pound , saying that attempts by previous administrations to target exchange rates had been unsuccessful .
Instead the government would continue to try to keep inflation under control and support the economy , she said .
" We have never had a policy of targeting the pound .
Our policy has been to target inflation and that , I think , has been the right way .
It has paid off over the last 10 or 11 years . "
The research in The Observer found an exchange rate of 1.0532 euros to the pound on London 's Oxford Street - meaning 18 euros cost £ 19.61 after a handling fee .
Customers at Travelex counters at Liverpool and Birmingham airports were getting 197.13 euros for £ 200 .
while those at the ICE Bureau at Luton airport received 199.63 euros for their £ 200 .
Ms Cooper acknowledged that the pound 's weakness meant British tourists were suffering as a result of sterling 's weakness .
But she said that the low pound was also good for UK exporters whose goods become cheaper for customers in the eurozone .
And with trips to the UK becoming cheaper for visitors from Europe , some firms are hopeful that an increase in tourists will boost business .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
With its quaint downtown and tree - lined streets , the unpretentious city of Cleveland , Tenn. , in the foothills of the Great Smoky Mountains seems an unlikely epicenter for a $ 50 - billion - a - year financial industry .
But this is where W. Allan Jones founded Check Into Cash , the granddaddy of modern payday lenders , which cater to millions of financially strapped working people with short - term loans -- at annualized interest rates of 459 % .
“ It ’s the craziest business , ” said Jones , 55 , a genial homegrown tycoon who founded his privately held company in 1993 .
“ Consumers love us , but consumer groups hate us . ”
In years past , a worker might have asked his employer for an advance on his paycheck .
Now , with a driver ’s license , a pay stub and a checking account , he can walk into a typical payday loan store , postdate a check for $ 300 and stroll out with $ 255 in cash after a $ 45 fee .
Advertisement
No muss , no fuss , no credit check .
Americans now pay as much as $ 8 billion a year to borrow at least $ 50 billion from payday lenders , by various estimates .
That ’s more than 10 times the level of a decade ago , according to a report by the California Department of Corporations .
In California alone , customers now borrow about $ 2.5 billion a year from payday lenders , the report said .
Nationwide , the number of payday outlets has exploded from zero in 1990 to some 25,000 today , running the gamut from mom-and - pop outfits to national chains
Advertisement
Advocacy groups have long bashed payday loans as debt traps for the working poor , accusing lenders of baiting their customers with easy cash -- and then hooking them into an endless cycle of repeat borrowing .
As the economy has worsened , however , payday loans have increasingly become crutches for those higher up the economic scale , said Elizabeth Warren , a Harvard law professor who chairs a congressional watchdog panel on the $ 700 - billion bailout for the financial system .
More and more middle - class families use the loans “ to put off the day of reckoning , ” she said : “ Too many families live with no cushion , so when something goes wrong they turn to payday lenders . ”
Payday loans are n’t available only on payday .
The term derives from the fact that they are designed to help borrowers get from one paycheck to the next , usually about two weeks .
Advertisement
Sheryl Loebig is a single mother of four who works as a paralegal for the nonprofit Legal Aid Society of Orange County .
After her aging Chevy Blazer died in early 2006 , she cobbled together six payday loans for a $ 1,500 down payment on a new Toyota Corolla .
She had no other credit options , she said , because medical bills had driven her into bankruptcy .
Two years later , the Anaheim resident had racked up $ 7,000 in fees to renew her loans every two weeks -- but still owed more than $ 1,000 .
“ I am desperately trying to pay them down , but I just can ’t , ” said Loebig , 47 , who earns $ 33,000 a year .
“ I do n’t drink .
I do n’t party .
I do n’t go out .
I do n’t have a cellphone .
We do n’t have cable or any of the other amenities .
I do n’t spend much on anything , but I still have nothing left over to pay the loans down . ”
Advertisement
Loebig said she was determined to repay the loans , “ no matter what . ”
But with take - home pay of $ 1,800 to $ 2,000 a month and rent , child care , a car payment and other expenses , she said , she was lucky to cover the fees on her loans , much less pay them off .
She had come to dread her own payday , since that meant spending the evening driving around Orange County , writing checks to her lenders .
“ It ’s so bad , I ca n’t sleep the night before , just thinking about it , ” she said .
Since 2006 , as incomes have stagnated while costs of gasoline , mortgages and groceries have risen , more Southern California payday lenders have opened in suburban areas , according to a Times analysis of state records .
Advertisement
In the last year , outlets have sprung up in Woodland Hills , Simi Valley , Lake Forest and La Quinta , near Palm Springs .
With tidy lobbies that resemble bank branches , many outlets are in shopping centers anchored by Wal - Marts , grocery stores or other big retailers .
Lenders say their typical customers include homemakers , firefighters and teachers , whose steady jobs qualify them for loans .
Short of cash to fix her ailing BMW this year , Lunetta Blanks could have paid the bill with plastic .
Instead , the federal investigator opted for a payday loan , shelling out $ 300 to pay off a $ 255 loan from the Advance America branch in her Silver Lake neighborhood .
“ I ’m trying to pay off my credit card , so I ’d rather just pay them than put it on the card , ” Blanks said .
“ It ’s pretty high , but when you need the money , you need the money . ”
Advertisement
As an alternative to payday lending , some credit unions and other lenders have begun offering short - term , small - dollar loans at annual rates as low as 12 % .
But many borrowers are unaware of such options .
Although industry statistics show that most borrowers repay on time , many do not .
Instead , they borrow from a second lender to pay off the first , or repeatedly roll over or “ flip ” their loans into new ones , sinking ever deeper in debt .
The Center for Responsible Lending , a nonprofit , nonpartisan advocacy group , contends that the average payday loan is flipped eight times , pushing the cost of a $ 325 cash advance to $ 793 .
“ That ’s common , that ’s hoped for , that ’s expected , ” said Ginna Green , the North Carolina - based group ’s California communications manager .
“ These loans are designed to be flipped and refinanced , over and over and over . ”
Advertisement
Lenders say that Green ’s organization and others exaggerate borrowers ’ difficulties .
“ Consumer groups are very effective at using that 3 - or 4 % of horror stories about people who misused the product and got more loans than they can afford , ” said Steven Schlein , a spokesman for Community Financial Services Assn. of America , a trade group .
Most payday borrowers earn $ 25,000 to $ 50,000 a year , and most loan stores that do n’t offer check - cashing or pawn services are in middle - class neighborhoods , he said .
“ Why would you have a business model to make loans to people who ca n’t pay you back ? ” he said .
Advertisement
In California the maximum loan amount is $ 300 , which yields borrowers $ 255 after a fee of $ 15 per $ 100 .
That ’s 17.6 % of the amount borrowed , so if a customer takes a year to pay it off , it works out to an annual rate of 459 % -- 17.6 % multiplied by 26 two - week periods .
Lenders say it ’s unfair to express their fees as percentage rates because their loans are designed to be short - term .
Some liken the cash advances to taxi rides , saying that both are bad choices for the long haul -- and that borrowers know it .
“ We are dealing with people who are a whole lot smarter than what the consumer groups say they are , ” said Jones of Check Into Cash .
Modern payday lending ’s roots reach to illegal “ salary buying ” of a century ago , when loan sharks charged workers up to 300 % for cash advances on their paychecks .
That led to government regulation of small loans , which eventually were made by finance companies and other traditional lenders .
Advertisement
But as mainstream lenders abandoned the market for larger , more profitable loans , fledgling payday lenders stepped in -- and quickly multiplied .
Jones , widely considered an industry pioneer , got his start in his hometown of Cleveland , Tenn. , population 38,000 .
He had dropped out of college two decades earlier to work in his father ’s credit bureau and collections business , he said , when he hit upon the cash advance idea in 1993 while wooing a job candidate from Johnson City , Tenn .
“ I found him in this old service station and he had a banner up that said ‘ Check Cashing , ’ ” Jones said .
“ When I went in to try to hire him , I had to keep moving out of the way because customers kept coming in and thanking him for being open . ”
Advertisement
As Jones tells it , grateful borrowers were happy to trade 20 % of their next paycheck for a two - week advance rather than miss bill payments or face bank fees for bounced checks .
“ Our first customer was an Army recruiter , ” he recalled .
“ He came in on a Friday and said his check had n’t arrived .
His son had a birthday that Saturday and wanted a $ 100 bicycle and he did n’t want to disappoint him . ”
Jones , whose fortune has been pegged at $ 500 million , owns a gated 600 - acre estate in Cleveland , complete with a lighted football field and spectator stands , a car collection that includes “ everything my daddy would n’t buy me , ” two corporate jets , a shopping center , office buildings , apartments and restaurants .
A major philanthropist and preservationist , he has doled out millions for civic projects , including a new wrestling facility at Cleveland High School and an aquatics center at the University of Tennessee in Knoxville .
Advertisement
But not even good works can quiet those who decry payday lenders .
“ We look at those big pots of money and we know where it came from : low - to moderate - income workers who are writing checks each week without money in the bank , ” said Jean Ann Fox , the Consumer Federation of America ’s director of consumer protection .
Still , payday lenders ’ profits are only slightly higher than those of banks and other financial institutions , according to a December 2007 study by researchers from Vanderbilt University Law School and the University of Oxford .
The study noted that while payday lenders ’ interest rates can be astronomical , they also have higher costs because of defaults .
Jones said his company -- which now has 1,270 outlets in more than 30 states -- makes $ 1.12 on the $ 15 fee it charges on a $ 100 loan , after labor , overhead and other costs .
Advertisement
“ Look out your window and tell me if you see any big bank buildings , ” he said to a reporter in Los Angeles , its skyline punctuated by towers owned by U.S. Bank , Wells Fargo and Bank of America .
“ You see any big payday loan buildings sticking up ?
You tell me who ’s making all the money . ”
His major competitors include privately held Ace Cash Express , based in Irving , Texas , and at least five large publicly traded lenders , led by Advance America Cash Advance of Spartanburg , S.C. , with some 2,850 branches .
Advance America was founded by George D. Johnson Jr. , a developer and former Blockbuster Entertainment executive , and William “ Billy ” Webster IV , a Fulbright scholar who hit big with Bojangles fried chicken franchises and later was President Clinton ’s advance man .
After leaving government service in 1995 , Webster turned for ideas to Johnson , now 66 , whom he ’d met through the restaurant business .
Advertisement
“ George said , ‘ Something just came across my desk .
Why do n’t we go look at it ? ’ ” recalled Webster , 51 , who once worked for a payday lender to examine it from the inside out .
“ It was an incredible business , ” he said .
“ I had never seen a business that was as quick to fulfill such a compelling consumer demand . ”
He and Johnson started Advance America in 1997 and took it public in 2004 .
Last year the company made 11.5 million loans to 1.5 million customers , posting $ 54 million in net income on record revenue of $ 709 million .
Through the first nine months of this year , Advance America ’s revenue decreased 4.7 % to $ 501.5 million , and net income fell 24 % to $ 32.5 million .
Advertisement
The decline is largely due to legislative efforts to cap interest rates .
Payday lenders have flourished in part by persuading state lawmakers to exempt them from usury limits and small - loan rate caps of 24 % to 48 % for banks and other financial institutions .
In a 2007 study , the nonpartisan National Institute on Money in State Politics found that California was among the top recipients of contributions from payday lenders .
State - level candidates and party committees garnered $ 837,673 from 1999 to 2006 , trailing only Illinois and Florida .
Last year , the industry gave at least $ 109,000 more , state records show .
In April , a bill to cap California payday interest rates at 36 % died after the Assembly Banking and Finance Committee gutted it , with some members saying that people living paycheck to paycheck needed the loans .
Advertisement
Similar laws have passed elsewhere , though , with dire results for payday lenders .
Congress last year put a 36 % rate limit on loans to members of the armed services , effectively ending cash advances to military families .
When Oregon set the same cap last year , it all but shut down payday lending there .
In November , voters in Ohio and Arizona rejected ballot measures to lift legislative restrictions on payday lenders , adding those states to a list of about a dozen others that either do not permit payday lending or heavily restrict it .
Payday lenders have begun to offer lower - interest loans in some of those states .
Advertisement
“ The pendulum has swung a little more toward the side of the consumer action groups , ” said Daniel O’Sullivan , an analyst with Utendahl Capital Partners in New York .
But he ’s not ready to count out the industry just yet .
“ At the end of the day , there is a need for the product , ” said O’Sullivan , whose firm has no financial stake in it .
“ So it comes down to finding something that makes sense for everybody -- something the companies can make money at without putting people into a debt spiral . ”
--
Advertisement
kim.christensen@latimes.com
Times staff writer Doug Smith contributed to this report .
--
Hooked on debt
Advertisement
One in a series of occasional stories about America ’s dependence on debt .
Future stories will explain why college students fall deeply into debt and how local governments have loaded up on costly loans .
--
( BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX )
How payday loans work
Advertisement
Payday loans are available in about three dozen states , with varying fees , regulations and maximum amounts that range up to $ 1,000 .
Borrowers must have a checking account , fill out an application and present a driver ’s license or other official ID .
They must also submit proof of employment , such as a pay stub , and postdate a personal check to their next payday , typically two weeks .
The lender agrees to hold the check until the due date .
At that point , borrowers have three options :
Do nothing and allow the check to be deposited by the lender ; return with cash to buy back the check ; or “ flip ” the loan -- pay it off and immediately replace it with a new one .
That incurs additional fees .
Advertisement
In California the maximum loan amount is $ 300 , which translates to $ 255 in cash to the borrower after lenders deduct a fee of $ 15 per $ 100 .
That fee is a little over 17.6 % of the $ 255 and works out to a 459 % annual rate -- 17.6 % multiplied by 26 two - week periods .
-- Kim Christensen
The mayor of Batman , Turkey , is suing Warner Bros. and The Dark Knight director Christopher Nolan for using the Cape Crusader 's name without the city 's permission .
Variety reports Huseyin Kalkan , mayor of the predominantly Kurdish town located in the Batman province of Turkey on the Batman River , is preparing to file a series of charges against Nolan and Warner Bros. for royalties from the blockbuster film .
" There is only one Batman in the world , " Kalkan said .
" The American producers used the name of our city without informing us . "
He also hopes to pin a number of unsolved murders along with the town 's female suicide rate on the psychological impact the film 's success had on Batman residence , the publication said .
( Why so serious ? )
Kalkan claims to have evidence that will prove the city of Batman was founded before the 1939 debut of DC Comic 's superhero by the same name .
Why the city is complaining now about its name being used for masked justice may have something to do with The Dark Knight having grossed over $ 994 million worldwide so far .
Of course , one could also speculate the city could have figured this out much sooner with the assistance of Batman , the world 's greatest detective .
Alas , therein lies the crux of the problem .
Warner Bros. said it has n't been served with a lawsuit yet from Kalkan . ®
Lawsuits claim cops engaged in election night hate crimes David Edwards and Stephen C. Webster
Published : Saturday November 15 , 2008
Print This Email This
Any telling of the night celebrated around the world as America 's maturing on matters of race -- the election of the nation 's first black president -- would not be complete without exploring the ugly traditions of a checkered past .
As the Illinois senator ascended to the highest office in the United States , a family on Chicago 's west end allegedly met the business end of racial hatred enshrined by law .
The family is suing the Chicago police department .
Niger Arnold claims that as her neighbors celebrated Obama 's election in the streets , police fired pepper spray into the crowd .
As she and her family scrambled indoors , five white officers burst into her home with guns drawn .
She claims that no reason for the forcible intrusion was given , and instead the officers cursed at her , and made racist remarks .
" If you ca n't trust the police , who can you trust ? " asked Arnold .
Her attorney , Gregory Kulis , is seeking video tape from a nearby police street camera , and says the suit is one of two he 's filed related to election night violence .
The Chicago PD has referred the complaint to an independent review panel .
CBS 2 has more details here .
This video is from CBS 2 Chicago .
Download video via RawReplay.com
As she completed a breathing treatment one recent afternoon , Willie Mai Ridley , a 68 - year - old beautician , said she would have sought care for her bronchitis in a hospital emergency room were it not for the new clinic .
Instead , she took a short drive , waited 15 minutes without an appointment and left without paying a dime ; the clinic would bill her later for her Medicare co-payment of $ 18.88 .
Ms. Ridley said she appreciated both the dignity and the affordability of her care .
“ This place is really very , very important to me , ” she said , “ because you can go and feel like you ’re being treated like a person and get the same medical care you would get somewhere else and have to pay $ 200 to $ 300 . ”
As governor of Texas , Mr. Bush came to admire the missionary zeal and cost - efficiency of the not - for - profit community health centers , which qualify for federal operating grants by being located in designated underserved areas and treating patients regardless of their ability to pay .
He pledged support for the program while campaigning for president in 2000 on a platform of “ compassionate conservatism . ”
In Mr. Bush ’s first year in office , he proposed to open or expand 1,200 clinics over five years ( mission accomplished ) and to double the number of patients served ( the increase has ended up closer to 60 percent ) .
With the health centers now serving more than 16 million patients at 7,354 sites , the expansion has been the largest since the program ’s origins in President Lyndon B. Johnson ’s war on poverty , federal officials said .
“ They ’re an integral part of a health care system because they provide care for the low - income , for the newly arrived , and they take the pressure off of our hospital emergency rooms , ” Mr. Bush said last year while touring a clinic in Omaha .
With federal encouragement , the centers have made a major push this decade to expand dental and mental health services , open on - site pharmacies , extend hours to nights and weekends and accommodate recent immigrants  legal and otherwise  by employing bilingual staff .
More than a third of patients are now Hispanic , according to the National Association of Community Health Centers .
During a 20 - day stay , he said , he was lashed to a bed , forced to take pills and given injections that made him numb and woozy .
According to the paper , when he told the doctor he was a petitioner , not mentally ill , the doctor said : “ I do n’t care if you ’re sick or not .
As long as you are sent by the township government , I ’ll treat you as a mental patient . ”
In an interview with the newspaper , the hospital ’s director , Wu Yuzhu , acknowledged that some of the 18 patients brought there by the police in recent years were not deranged , but he said that he had no choice but to take them in .
“ The hospital also had its misgivings , ” he said .
Xintai officials do not see any shame in the tactic , and they boasted that hospitalizing people they characterized as troublemakers saved money that would have been spent chasing them to Beijing .
There is another reason to stop petitioners who seek redress from higher levels of government : they can prove embarrassing to local officials , especially if they make it to Beijing .
The Xintai government Web site noted that provincial authorities had recently referred to Xintai as “ an advanced city in building a safe Shandong . ”
They said that from January to May this year , the number of petitioners who went over the heads of local authorities was 274 , a 4 percent drop from the same period in 2007 .
Although China is not known for the kind of systematic abuse of psychiatry that occurred in the Soviet Union , human rights advocates say forced institutionalizations are not uncommon in smaller cities .
Robin Munro , the research director of China Labor Bulletin , a rights organization in Hong Kong , said such “ an kang ” wards 
Chinese for peace and health  were a convenient and effective means of dealing with pesky dissidents .
“ Once a detainee has been officially diagnosed as dangerously mentally ill , they ’re immediately taken out of the criminal justice system and they lose all legal rights , ” said Mr. Munro , who has researched China ’s practice of psychiatric detention .
Use of the herb Ginkgo biloba , claimed to have beneficial effects on memory and cognition , was not effective in reducing the rate of dementia or Alzheimer 's disease among more than 1,500 elderly study participants after several years of use , according to a study in the November 19 issue of JAMA .
Dementia , especially Alzheimer 's disease ( AD ) , is a prevalent chronic disease currently affecting more than 5 million people in the United States and is a leading cause of age - related disability and long - term care placement , according to background information in the article .
Ginkgo biloba is prescribed in some areas of the world for preservation of memory ; however , there are no medications approved for prevention of dementia , and to date , no clinical trial of adequate design and size has evaluated the safety and effectiveness of Ginkgo biloba in the primary prevention of dementia .
Steven T. DeKosky , M.D. , of the University of Pittsburgh , Pa. , at the time of the study , and the Ginkgo Evaluation of Memory ( GEM ) Study Investigators , assessed the effectiveness of Ginkgo biloba in dementia prevention .
The study was a randomized , placebo - controlled clinical trial conducted at five academic medical centers in the United States between 2000 and 2008 with a median ( midpoint ) follow - up of 6.1 years .
The trial included 3,069 community volunteers age 75 years or older with normal cognition ( n = 2,587 ) or mild cognitive impairment ( MCI ; n = 482 ) at study entry , who were assessed every 6 months for dementia .
Participants were randomized to receive either a twice - daily dose of 120 - mg extract of Ginkgo biloba ( n = 1,545 ) or placebo ( n = 1,524 ) .
The researchers found that during the intervention period , 523 participants were diagnosed with dementia , 246 ( 16.1 percent ) in the placebo group and 277 ( 17.9 percent ) in the Ginkgo biloba group .
Of the total dementia cases , 92 percent were classified as possible or probable AD , or AD with evidence of vascular disease of the brain .
The rate of total dementia did not differ between participants assigned to Ginkgo biloba vs. placebo ( 3.3 dementia cases / 100 persons , per year exposed , among persons randomized to Ginkgo biloba vs. 2.9/100 persons , per year exposed , among persons randomized to placebo ) .
The rate of Alzheimer - type dementia also did not differ between the two treatment groups ( 3.0/100 persons , per year exposed vs. 2.6/100 persons , per year exposed ) .
Ginkgo biloba also had no effect on the rate of progression to dementia in participants with MCI .
The adverse event profiles for Ginkgo biloba and placebo were similar and there were no statistically significant differences in the rate of serious adverse events .
" Based on the results of this trial , Ginkgo biloba cannot be recommended for the purpose of preventing dementia , " the authors write .
" These results confirm that randomized trials remain critical to the spectrum of translational research necessary to develop new therapies and to determine whether the purported in - vitro , epidemiologic , and surrogate measures of therapeutic benefit are true not only for traditional pharmaceutical therapies but also for complementary therapies .
Of almost equal importance from these results is the provision of a strong rationale for including older individuals in randomized trials testing promising interventions for preventing or delaying dementia onset . "
( JAMA .
2008;300[19]:2253-2262 .
Available pre-embargo to the media at www.JAMAmedia.org)
Editor 's Note : Dr. DeKosky is now with the University of Virginia School of Medicine , Charlottesville .
Please see the article for additional information , including other authors , author contributions and affiliations , financial disclosures , funding and support , etc .
Editorial : Ginkgo Biloba Extract and Preventing Alzheimer Disease
In an accompanying editorial , Lon S. Schneider , M.D. , of the University of Southern California , Los Angeles , comments on the findings of DeKosky and colleagues .
" Despite 2 decades of research with standardized extracts of Ginkgo biloba , considerable uncertainty about its pharmacology and clinical effects remains .
Preclinical scientific reports exude promise but generally have not identified the relevant active molecules of this biochemically complex extract , and the preclinical promise has not translated to clinical research benefits .
The clinical research , in turn , has not adequately defined potential cognitive indications , potentially effective dosing ranges , pharmacodynamic markers , or convincing evidence for efficacy for any one cognitive condition .
The GEM study adds to the substantial body of evidence that Ginkgo biloba extract as it is generally used does not prevent dementia in individuals with or without cognitive impairment and is not effective for Alzheimer disease . "
( JAMA .
2008;300[19]:2306-2308 .
Available pre-embargo to the media at www.JAMAmedia.org)
Editor 's Note : Please see the article for additional information , including financial disclosures , funding and support , etc .
Source : JAMA and Archives Journals
The Fourth Amendment ’s shield against invasive searches reaches only partially across the border , a federal appeals court ruled this week , finding that the nation ’s spies do n't need a court order to wiretap an American overseas , though there has to be a good reason for listening in .
The 2nd U.S. Court of Appeals ruling ( .pdf ) fills in a gap in surveillance law and could complicate cases challenging both the government ’s warrantless wiretapping program and a newly passed surveillance law that gives the government wide latitude to snoop from inside the United States without getting court orders .
The unsigned opinion found that wiretapping overseas was invasive , but that it made no sense to require a court order to wiretap or search an American overseas , since the warrant would have “ dubious legal significance ” in another country .
The test , the court says , is whether the search is reasonable .
Monday ’s ruling rejected the appeal of Wadih El - Hage , an American citizen convicted of conspiracy in the deadly 1998 al Qaeda bombings of
U.S. embassies in East Africa .
El
Hage contended that the government violated his constitutional rights when it listened in for a year on two phone lines he used while living in Kenya .
ACLU attorney Jameel Jaffer , who is suing to overturn an expanded spy powers law passed by Congress in July , thinks the court should have required warrants , but sees an advantage in the ruling .
" I do n’t know of any dragnet surveillance program aimed at telephone calls or emails that has survived a reasonableness review , " Jaffer said .
The intelligence agents targeting El - Hage had no court order and wiretapped for nine months without getting the approval of the Attorney General – which was required by Executive Order 12333 when the government targeted an American overseas .
The court ruled , however , that the violation of wiretapping rules and the scope of surveillance were justified :
Because the surveillance of suspected al Qaeda operatives must be sustained and thorough in order to be effective , we cannot conclude that the scope of the government ’s electronic surveillance was overbroad .
While the intrusion on El - Hage ’s privacy was great , the need for the government to so intrude was even greater .
Accordingly , the electronic surveillance , like the search of El - Hage’s
Nairobi residence , was reasonable under the Fourth Amendment .
The ACLU hopes to turn that reasonableness argument against the government ’s newfound legal powers to monitor Americans ’ international phone calls and emails using facilities inside the United States .
In July , Congress passed the FISA Amendments Act , which gave the executive branch the power to order Google , AT&T and
Yahoo to forward to the government all e-mails , phone calls and text messages where one party to the conversation is thought to be overseas .
President Bush said that law " protect [s ] the liberties of our citizens while maintaining the vital flow of intelligence . "
It also attempted to dismiss class - action lawsuits targeting the internet and phone companies that secretly helped the government warrantlessly spy on Americans ' phone calls and emails for six years .
The ACLU contends those blanket powers to grab international communications of Americans without specific court orders violate the
Fourth Amendment and would stymie journalists who often speak to confidential sources outside the country .
The same law , however , tightened the requirements for targeting a specific American overseas – as in the case of El Hage , for the first time requiring that the nation 's spying court approve such wiretaps .
The ACLU ‘s lawsuit , Amnesty vs. Mukasey is likely to have its first hearing sometime in January , while the constitutionality of retroactive amnesty for the government ’s spying partners will be argued Tuesday in the Electronic Frontier Foundation ’s suit against AT&T .
The 2nd Circuit ’s decision is unlikely to play a role in Tuesday ’s hearing in San Francisco , but could be pivotal if the EFF ’s suit survives the government ’s attempt to have it dismissed .
The EFF also filed suit directly against the government in September .
See Also :
The review call comes after three men were convicted on terror charges Virgin Atlantic says " now is the time " for a review to be carried out of the current restrictions on hand luggage .
Director of communications Paul Charles said people were confused by different restrictions in different airports - including the rules on carrying liquid .
The call comes after eight men were tried over an alleged plot to blow up planes .
None was found guilty but three were convicted of conspiracy to murder .
The government said it was " right to continue " with luggage restrictions .
The men on trial had been accused of plotting to bring down transatlantic airliners with home - made liquid explosives disguised as soft drinks .
Three men were convicted of conspiracy to murder at the trial , but the jury did not convict anyone of targeting aircraft .
One man was cleared of all charges .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The court was also unable to reach any verdicts on four other men .
Mr Charles said : " Maybe now is the time for a review to take a look at how appropriate the current rules are for taking liquids on board an aircraft .
" Certainly it 's important to have restrictions in place when the country is on the highest state of alert .
" There are different rules at different airports around the world , so it would make more sense to review all of these to make sure there 's continuity worldwide . "
Sweeping airport restrictions on liquids in hand luggage were brought in following the arrests of the group in August 2006 .
The restrictions led to chaotic scenes at airports , with travellers having to queue for hours , numerous flight delays and serious restrictions placed on hand luggage , which only allowed certain items to be carried on board in a clear plastic bag .
Some of the rules imposed then remain the same , including no liquid in containers larger than 100 ml .
The term " liquid " includes drinks , syrups , creams , mascara , gels and pastes .
Scanning technology BBC transport correspondent Tom Symonds said that senior BA sources would like the restrictions lifted , but only if it was safe to do so .
And they want the rules to be the same across Europe to avoid passenger confusion .
Our correspondent also added that the Department for Transport had been reviewing the restrictions ever since the alarm was raised .
We continue to work with international colleagues to develop technological detection methods which could ease the restrictions
Department for Transport " They intend to lift the liquid restrictions and are testing scanning technology to see if liquids can be detected and identified by scanners , " he said .
Peter Clarke , who was the head of Scotland Yard 's Counter Terrorism Command at the time the plot allegations surfaced , said restrictions on passengers carrying liquids on flights must remain .
" This means of detonation is still in the hands of the terrorists , and so to wind back security , to think of going back to a position where the terrorists could defeat airport security , seems to me foolhardy . "
BAA , the UK 's largest airports operator , would not confirm whether or not it had made a request for the restrictions on liquids to be lifted .
A BAA spokeswoman said : " The responsibility for determining the ongoing risk to aviation and how the industry responds lies with the government .
" Our job , and that of any airport operator , is to apply the appropriate measures in response to the most recent assessment of the threat . "
Abdulla Ahmed Ali , Assad Sarwar and Tanvir Hussain were convicted at Woolwich Crown Court of conspiracy to murder but a jury was unable to reach verdicts on the other charge .
Prosecutors have until the end of the month to consider a retrial of the men .
' Aircraft vulnerable '
Despite the verdicts , the government said that limits would remain in place .
A statement from the Department for Transport said : " The court case has proven that a generic capability exists to create liquid bombs from domestic items .
VERDICTS Conspiracy to murder : Abdulla Ahmed Ali Assad Sarwar Tanvir Hussain
One man not guilty
No verdicts on four others
Verdicts explained " Aircraft could be vulnerable to such devices so we are right to continue to require restrictions for liquids carried as hand luggage . "
" We are also right to require these restrictions internationally as , potentially , we are all at risk .
" Meanwhile , we continue to work with international colleagues to develop technological detection methods which could ease the restrictions . "
But as these links did not stand up , the recriminations were beginning , he added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Friendly words from the police last week have done nothing to dissuade Tasmanian activists from continuing their nonviolent protests in the island ’s forests .
Seven protesters were arrested each on Tuesday and today , while one activist remains in a tree despite the warrant that has been issued for her arrest .
[ social_buttons ]
One week ago , Tasmanian police caused an outcry from conservation groups when they publicly named anti-forestry protesters as a make - believe terrorist group threatening the airport in an otherwise typical drill .
The Wilderness Fund complained to the police that forestry protests in the country have always been nothing but peaceful in their opposition to clear cutting .
The police apologized last week for insinuating that local environmental activists would be involved in eco-terrorist activities , saying they were deliberately preparing for a highly unlikely situation , and the local conservation groups have accepted the apology .
The Wilderness Society noted specifically that they were pleased to hear the police acknowledge the improbability of the scenario , given the movement ’s consistent history of non-violence .
Apologies from the local police , however do not change the fact that Australia ’s forests are decreasing at a rapid rate , while the UN reports that their per capita carbon emissions rival those of the United States .
Australia ’s current carbon reduction goal is a measly 5 % decrease of 2000 levels by 2020 , well below the 80 % being urged by the scientific community .
In a blow to Australia ’s weak leadership on these issues , 15 activists from Still Wild , Still Threatened took over a pulp mill on Tuesday morning .
Seven of the protesters were arrested and charged with trespassing for chaining themselves to the equipment , stopping production for most of the day .
This comes along with a wave of increased direct action being taken for the sake of forests and for the environment in general .
Today , eight protesters from the same organization blocked roadways leading into Tasmania ’s forests , resulting in seven arrests so far .
They have been charged with being public nuisances , while the final protester sits comfortably in her tree loft .
The police called the protest “ silly ” and said that since the roadways have been reopened , she can remain as long as she ’d like , though they claim she will be arrested promptly when she does come down .
Photo Credit : Daveybot on Flickr under Creative Commons lisence .
While major automakers such as GM and Toyota prepare to put batteries front and center in their first plug - in hybrid vehicles , a Chinese battery maker has beaten them to the road .
As of yesterday , Shenzen - based BYD Auto — a subsidiary of leading Chinese rechargeable battery producer BYD Group — is selling the world ’s first mass - produced plug - in hybrid car , according to Bloomberg .
This battery - loaded version of BYD ’s F3 sedan is said to travel up to 100 kilometers ( 62 miles ) on stored grid power alone .
Many observers deride the car ’s styling as plain and derivative .
BBC global business correspondent Peter Day , who drove BYD ’s plug - in this weekend , says they ’re missing the point : “ Critics say this is a copycat car , but that is how the Japanese auto industry started . ”
Green Car Congress reports that the plug - in is dubbed the F3DM after its ‘ dual - mode ’ hybrid system .
Misleadingly dubbed , that is , because the vehicle actually operates in three distinct modes :
a battery - powered EV mode
a series - hybrid mode whereby the gas engine recharges the batteries while the electric motors drive the wheels , and
a parallel - hybrid mode whereby both motors and engine drive the wheels .
This marks a contrast with GM ’s Chevy Volt , due out two years from now , which dispatches with the parallel hybrid option .
BYD Auto ’s parent company is making lithium batteries for the car using employ lithium iron phophate cathodes — a safer design than the lithium cobalt oxide cathodes used in cell phone batteries .
Boston - area battery developer A123 uses the same chemistry ; A123 is believed to have lost out in the competition to supply the first - generation Chevy Volt but is in the running for many other hybrids and electric vehicles in development .
BYD says it will bring the F3DM to the U.S. market in 2011 , but must first pass U.S. crash tests and set up a dealer network .
It has a well - connected U.S. investor to help navigate the U.S. hurdles : billionaire investor Warren Buffet , whose Berkshire Hathaway investment group bought a one - tenth stake in BYD for $ 230 million in September .
China beats the U.S. and Europe to market with what was supposed to be GM ’s signature development .
The headline reinforces a growing sense that China is suddenly a green technology developer to be reckoned with .
A top wind power market .
Major photovoltaics production .
It looks like the Cleantech Group may have got it right earlier this month when , summing up its forum in Shanghai , it concluded that China could soon be , “ the world ’s leading laboratory , market for and exporter of clean technologies . ”
: : : : : : : : : :
This post was created for the Technology Review guest blog : Insights , opinions and analysis of the latest in emerging technologies
On the 12th of October the latest smartphone by Nubia has been released in China : the Nubia Z17S .
Nubia enthusiasts can already pre-order the smartphone in China and it is expected to be found in stores on the 19th of October .
Specs and features of Nubia Z17S
The new smartphone is released in two variants with different RAM and internal storage limits .
The device has a 5.7 - inch display ( 96 % of the NTSC color gamut ) and a 2,040 x 1,080 resolution , protected by Gorilla Glass .
Internal features include a Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 chipset with 64 - bit cores and Adreno 540 GPU .
Buyers can choose from the 6 GB of LPDDR4X RAM together with 64GB of UFS 2.1 memory model or the 8GB of RA and 128 GB of storage space one .
The device has a dual - camera setup with a 12 - megapixel Sony IMX362 sensor with an f/1.8 aperture and another 23 - megapixel Sony IMX318 sensor with f/2.0 aperture and dual - LED flash .
Another addition is the back panel made of glass , much similar to Samsung ’s Galaxy 8 .
There are two front - facing sensors with f/2.2 aperture and 79.9 - degree lens .
Prices and other features
The Nubia Z17S has a TAS2555 smart amplifier with 7.1 channel DTS audio , 4 G LTE , Wi0 Fi 802 and Bluetooth 4.1 Users will have no trouble connecting to the virtual world with those connectivity features .
The device is available in black with gold inserts or blue and it costs 455 $ for the 6 RAM and 606 $ for the 8GB of RAM model .
Unfortunately , it is highly unlikely that the phone will ever become available in the West or outside China .
The latest Nubia smartphone has been certified by TENAA ( China ’s FCC ) under the Nubia NX595J model number .
The powerful specifications make the device very attractive .
A bunch of parents brought their kids to see Zac Efron in his G-rated High School songfest -- they got full frontal nudity instead .
It all went down in God-fearing Utah -- where managers at a South Jordan movie house decided to move a screening of " High School Musical 3 " to one of its bigger theaters at the last minute .
But here 's the fun part : according to the Deseret News , someone forgot to swap out the movie reel on the projector -- which was set to show the R - Rated flick called " Sex Drive . "
Suddenly , it was lights , camera , and all sorts of sexually explicit material .
BANGKOK , Thailand ( CNN ) --
Bedraggled , hungry and dazed , the refugees arrived on the shores of Thailand after fleeing one of the most repressive governments in the world -- the hard - line military regime in Myanmar , also known as Burma .
This picture provided to CNN is said to show refugees being towed out to sea by the Thai army .
But a CNN investigation has uncovered evidence that for hundreds of Rohingya refugees -- members of a Muslim minority group -- abuse and abandonment at sea were what awaited them in Thailand , at the hands of Thai authorities .
Extraordinary photos obtained by CNN from someone directly involved in the Thai operation show refugees on their rickety boats being towed out to sea , cut loose and abandoned .
One photo shows the Thai army towing a boatload of some 190 refugees far out to sea .
Watch the backstory on the investigation »
For days , accusations have been carried in several regional papers that the Thai army has been systematically towing boat - loads of Rohingya refugees far out to sea and setting them adrift .
The army denied it , and the Thai government has launched an inquiry .
CNN 's investigation -- based on accounts from tourists , sources in Thailand and a Rohingya refugee who said he was on a boat towed back out to sea -- helps to piece together a picture of survival thwarted by an organized effort not just to repel arriving refugees , but to hold them prisoner on shore , drag them in flimsy boats far out to sea and then abandon them .
Watch CNN 's investigation into reports of refugees being set adrift »
Three tourists recently voiced concern to CNN over what they had seen -- and in some cases photographed -- near Thailand 's tourist areas .
One tourist provided CNN with photos last week of refugees detained by Thai authorities on a beach near a tourist site , with the refugees prone on the sun - bleached sand while guards stood nearby .
" Whenever someone raised their head or moved , they [ guards ] would strike them with a whip , " said Australian tourist Andrew Catton .
A CNN crew traveled to a remote stretch of the Thai coast four hours north of the tourist island of Phuket to investigate the growing reports that the Thai military was secretly detaining Rohingya refugees before towing them out to sea and setting them adrift .
In an isolated beach area , debris including sandals and campfire remnants indicated that large numbers of people had been there but were nowhere to be seen .
The crew then traveled to a nearby island , where residents reported that refugees who had escaped were living in the jungle .
In one hamlet , villagers had captured a Rohingya man they believed had been living in the jungle for days .
The refugee , who identified himself as Iqbal Hussain , told CNN he was on one of six boats in a makeshift refugee fleet that arrived in Thailand in December .
He said all six boats with their refugee cargo were towed back out to sea in January , and five of the six boats sank .
His boat made it back to shore , and he hid in the jungle for days until nearby villagers captured him .
In broken English and using sign language and drawings , he described what happened to the other men on the boats :
" All men dead , " he said , putting the number of dead at several hundred .
The Rohingya , a persecuted minority in Myanmar , have been fleeing their country in rickety boats for years , in search of a better life .
In Thailand , many instead have found deprivation and the possibility of desertion far off shore , according to the CNN investigation .
The source who provided CNN with photos of refugees in a boat being towed out to sea stressed that the Thai army had given the refugees food and water , but he also confirmed that the boats had been pulled for more than two days into international waters before they were set adrift .
His account directly contradicts briefings by senior
Thai army sources who denied any such operation was undertaken .
A source in the Thai military , after extensive questioning , did confirm to CNN that the Thai army was operating a dump - at - sea policy .
But the source defended it , insisting that each boatload of refugees was always given sufficient supplies of food and water .
That source claimed local villagers had become afraid of the hundreds of Rohingya arriving each month , and that they were accusing the refugees of stealing their property and threatening them .
CNN asked the government for comment and was told that an investigation was being launched and that Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva has plans to call an emergency meeting once the country 's foreign minister returns from Cambodia .
Panitan Wattanayagorn , a government spokesman , gave no timeline for the foreign minister 's return or the emergency meeting .
He did say the government is taking the matter very seriously .
All About Thailand • United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees
A 15 - year - old high school student in New York State has been charged with three felonies after he allegedly accessed personnel records on his school 's poorly configured computer network and then notified his principal of the security weakness .
The unnamed student of Shenendehowa Central School was charged Thursday with computer trespass , unlawful possession of a personal identification information and identity theft , according to news reports .
He has been suspended from school and ordered to stand charges in family court in Saratoga County .
He and a peer allegedly gained access to a file containing the personal information of 250 workers because of a district - wide error in setting up a new server .
After accessing the information , he sent an email alerting the principal to the breach and signed it " A student . "
With the help of the district 's IT department , the principal identified the boy as the culprit .
" The kid committed an intentional criminal act , " state trooper Maureen Tuffey told The Times Union .
" He deceitfully used someone else 's name and password so he would not get caught and was looking to profit from his criminal act . "
All that was needed to access the information was a district password .
School officials have admitted that thousands of students , faculty and employees could have accessed the same file for up to two weeks .
The file contained the social security numbers , driver 's license numbers and home addresses of past and present employees , most of whom were bus drivers .
Since news of the charges were reported late last week , hackers have criticized administrators for turning the student into a scapegoat for the school board 's shoddy computer security .
We 're inclined to agree , although it'd be nice if we knew more about the specifics of the email the fellow sent his principal .
Additional coverage is available here and here . ®
As negotiations get under way in earnest at the two - week United Nations Climate Conference in Poland , recent surveys suggest a majority of people in both developing and industrialized nations seek substantive action on global warming and want their governments to agree on carbon emission targets .
[ social_buttons ]
The survey was commissioned by the HSBC Climate Partnership , a partnership of business and environmental groups .
12,000 people were surveyed in 12 countries and territories including Australia , Brazil , Canada , China , France , Germany , Hong Kong , India , Malaysia , Mexico , the United Kingdom and the United States .
A consensus to act
Results from the survey show that , even though the global economy follows the now - official U.S. recession , many people ( 40 % ) rank global climate ahead of the global economy as the bigger concern .
When it comes to scores of delegates converging to endlessly haggle over what to do about global warming , by far the majority of people just want action from their own government .
55 % of respondents feel their governments should invest more in renewable energy while only 27 % are interested in them participating in international climate change negotiations ( I humbly suggest this could be due to how much progress past negotiations have brought to bear on the problem .
With the United States ready to reassert itself as a leader in the international community , this will hopefully lead to real progress in such negotiations , and public sentiment may change ) .
This does n’t mean people do n’t want their governments to ignore the rest of the world when it comes to carbon emissions .
A majority of those surveyed want their country to pull their weight in achieving emissions reductions .
72 % of the Americans in the survey said the United States should reduce emissions by at least as much as other countries .
In rapidly developing China , 62 % think the country should reduce carbon emissions on par with other nations while only 4 % believe their emissions should be allowed to increase .
Support for clean energy
In another research project by the University of Maryland in collaboration with WorldPublicOpinion.org , a poll of nearly 21,000 people in 21 nations found strong support for governments requiring utilities to use more alternative sources of energy , including wind , solar , and biomass , and to further require businesses to use energy more efficiently .
Even if it costs more at the outset , most people , 77 % on average throughout the 21 nations , believe it is necessary and will be less costly in the long run than a continued and growing reliance on fossil fuel .
“ It is quite remarkable that there is such unanimity around the world that government should address the problem of energy by emphasizing alternative energy sources and greater efficiency , ” comments Steven Kull , director of WorldPublicOpinion.org .
“ Equally remarkable is how little the governments around the world are following the public ’s lead . ”
The question to ask , in light of a new administration in the U.S. and the ongoing negotiations in Poland , is if the world ’s governments are now prepared to follow our lead .
Image Credits : iStockPhoto.com/HSBC.com
Sources and further reading :
Worldwatch Institute
An eight - year - old boy has been charged with the murder of his father and another man in the US state of Arizona .
Police in St Johns , a small community north - east of Phoenix , said the child had confessed to shooting the two men with a . 22 - calibre rifle on Wednesday .
" Who would think an eight - year - old kid could kill two adults ? " said St Johns Police Chief Roy Melnick on Friday .
A judge has ordered a psychological evaluation of the boy , who is being held at a juvenile detention centre .
He did not have a record of bad behaviour at school , and there had been no indication of any problems at home , prosecutors said .
Mr Melnick said police officers had arrived at the child 's home within minutes of the shooting on Wednesday evening .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
They found one victim just outside the front door and the other dead in an upstairs room , he added .
The second man is believed to have been lodging in the house .
The boy had gone to a neighbour 's house and said he " believed that his father was dead " , Apache County prosecutor Brad Carlyon said .
Police later obtained a confession from the boy for the two killings .
His defence lawyer , Benjamin Brewer , said police had overreached in questioning him without representation from a parent or a lawyer , and that they had not advised him of his rights .
In this age of iPods , the digital download and the Web , we ca n’t resist playlists  composing our own and eavesdropping on those whipped up by others .
They ’re like salty snacks for our ears .
The art of the playlist , though , can be more profound than just homing in on the 10 best songs to kick - start a Saturday night blowout .
We create them for road trips out West ( and back East ) , for romance and abstinence , for funerals and baptisms .
Sometimes , it seems , a life lived without a soundtrack is no life at all .
I ’m currently being treated for an advanced case of prostate cancer , and while the hormone shots and the radiation sessions are essential , they do n’t tell the whole treatment tale .
I ’m a music - obsessive , and I can’t imagine having prostate cancer without listening to just the right music to complement my moods : joy and sadness , anger and gratitude , fear and doubt .
( For the record , I also dose myself with long hikes and vintage slapstick by the likes of the Three Stooges and the Little Rascals . )
There ’s always a cornucopia of news articles about cancer  treatment breakthroughs , clinical studies , survival rates  but there ’s much less on how to live with cancer , whether you ’re the patient , a family member or a friend .
So , here ’s my playlist of music to have cancer by .
The 10 recordings shade toward blue , bluer and bluest , but I believe that each time I slide a disc into the player ( I ’m old - fashioned that way ) , I do so in optimism and healing .
Long - time Sirius satellite radio subscriber Stan Petrov is fed up and he 's not going to take it anymore .
He signed on with Sirius two years ago and bought several receivers .
But since Sirius merged with XM radio , he has lost his access to coverage of NBA games .
" I know , your customer service people are telling their subscribers that it is that way because the NBA moved its contract to XM , " Petrov wrote to Sirius in a protest letter that he forwarded to Ars .
" I do not believe that is the reason .
I believe the reason is called ' manipulating the market / consumer ' . "
Petrov is not the only unhappy camper around .
The blogosphere is awash with rage at a wave of postmerger Sirius / XM channel / program swapping announced last Wednesday .
" A feeling of pleasant surprise turned to horror this morning after I started up my XM - subscribed car , " fumed Rick Aristotle Munarriz that day over at The Motley Fool .
" At first , I was greeted with some of my favorite Sirius music channels , like 1st Wave , on the air .
Then I discovered that most of my favorite XM channels were gone . "
Ditto declared various commenters on the story .
" I 'm pissed , " wrote one .
" The channels that I liked were replaced with channels I do n't like .
I was hoping for twice the channels so there was more chance of finding a good song at any given time . "
Dave Zatz also dropped his subscription , saying that " I do n't support keeping customers in the dark until the zero hour . "
We 're shocked
Who would have thought that Sirius and XM would change their schedules after joining forces ?
They only repeatedly pledged to do that during the Federal Communications Commission 's proceeding on the union .
To be fair , Petrov opposed the marriage .
But the protests of plenty of other subscribers sound something akin to Captain Renault 's famous comment in Casablanca : " I am shocked , shocked , to find Sirius and XM doing what they promised they would do after merging . "
Sirius XM Inc. released their happy - talk - style press release about the changes last week .
" With this new programming lineup , subscribers will receive the same number of music and non-music channels on the SIRIUS and XM services as they have in the past , " the announcement cheerfully proclaimed .
So XM subscribers will now get Bruce Springsteen 's E Street Radio , the Elvis channel broadcast live from Graceland , and Cosmo Radio , " geared toward Cosmopolitan magazine 's audience of fun , fearless females . "
Meanwhile Sirius customers will be able to access Bob Dylan 's Theme Time Radio Hour , among other channels .
But what the release glossed over is that the same number of channels does n't mean the same channels , and that 's the rub , since subscribers have receivers that only access one of the services .
In the voluntary deal they cut with the FCC , Sirius XM promised they would offer an interoperable receiver for sale — that is , a tuner that gets both Sirius and XM — within nine months after they merged .
Since both entities formally combined on July 29 , if they wait until the last minute , such a device wo n't be available to consumers until around early May .
Sirius XM 's winter of discontent has a familiar chill to anyone who , like this writer , has followed the ups and downs of listener - supported public radio and TV stations ( not the satellite kind ) .
Any change in the station 's schedule or financial situation is roundly denounced by long - time subscribers , who often band together into ad hoc organizations to rescue their beloved service .
And so behold SaveSirius.org , whose leader Michael Hartleib says his site represents more than 700 angry Sirius shareholders alarmed at the precipitous decline of their stock .
It 's at about a quarter a share these days , down from over seven bucks in 2005 .
The group is threatening to sue .
" It 's time to take back our Company .
It 's time to get a backbone , " Hartleib says .
" I have been asked by my family to give up the fight .
My answer to them has been ' If everyone gives up , we lose .
If no one stands up for justice we will have none ' . "
Not everybody hates these schedule changes , though .
" Bring on the merger and now all the sudden I get the best of both worlds , " another commenter wrote in response to the Motley Fool article .
" Baseball in the summer and football all season long !
The music is good on both Sirius and XM so if they need to cut out some of the stations , it only makes since not to have two similar things on the air . "
HD chains
But the biggest watcher of the Sirius XM union does n't post comments on chat boards .
Judging by its latest FCC filing , Clear Channel radio is still extremely bitter about the Commission 's approval of the wedding , which it ardently opposed from the outset .
Not only did the FCC give the merger the go ahead , but it turned down most of the merger conditions for which Clear Channel asked : making Sirius XM obey the agency 's indecency rules or lifting the Commission 's caps on the number of terrestrial radio stations the radio giant could buy , among others .
Clear Channel said eliminating that ceiling would only be fair to offset the increased market power that Sirius XM would supposedly enjoy .
Now Clear Channel is pushing for a rule that critics warn will make it even tougher for Sirius XM to survive the next few years .
The company wants the FCC to require those interoperable satellite radio tuners to also include HD Radio reception — Clear Channel is a big investor in Ibiquity HD radio , the FCC - authorized standard - bearer for digital radio .
" It is now incumbent on the Commission to take the necessary steps to turn around the overall negative situation that free local radio faces , " Clear Channel says , " and a reasonable first step would be to adopt a rule to require [ satellite radio ] receivers to include HD Radio reception capacity . "
Opponents of this requirement argue it will make the receivers much more expensive , reducing their popularity .
The Secret Service is tasked with protecting the President of the United States from assailants ; and given that President - elect Obama has already been the target of assassination plots they may have their work cut out after January .
But they have more than earpiece radios and armored limos to help them ; the Secret Service can call on the very latest technology .
Documents from a recent court case indicate that they have advanced directed - energy devices which are highly classified .
You may remember Donald Friedman , who claims that government agencies are misusing non-lethal directed - energy weapons .
It ’s easy to dismiss him as a crank .
But his obsessive digging has turned up valuable information .
For instance , one of his Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) requests unearthed a 1998 U.S.
Army program looking at a microwave device to beam sound directly into the target 's skull which the rest of us had missed .
( The same technology underlies the Medusa non-lethal weapon . )
Now he 's found something else .
Friedman 's current court case involves attempts to extract information about any directed - energy weapons such as lasers and microwaves used by the Secret Service .
Do they really have anything of the kind ?
A " Motion for an Enlargement of Time " ( in other words , a request for a few more weeks ) by the Secret Service 's attorney indicates that they have something , and it 's pretty secret :
" Plaintiff 's FOIA request is for document [ sic ] concerning directed energy technology that is very sensitive .
Some of this documents [ sic ] pertain to research conducted by divisions within defendant agency that is used to carry out its mandate to protect very high government officials .
In fact , in one case , the documents … could not be mailed but had to be hand carried interstate . "
So what is this " sensitive " technology ?
We do n't know for sure , naturally .
But we can sure speculate ...
pd(UPNow , we 've talked before about the Secret Service 's interest in laser dazzlers as a means of protecting the White House against suicide attacks by light aircraft , dating back to 1998 .
We do n't know if dazzlers have ever been deployed , but that would certainly explain some of the secrecy .
Portable dazzlers would also be a good way of dealing with potential snipers without the risk of harming bystanders .
Other agencies also have an interest in covert dazzlers .
Ex MI6 agent David Tomlinson claims a laser strobe was proposed for an assassination attempt on Slobodan Milosevic in 1992 by dazzling his chauffeur at a crucial point and causing him to crash .
( Conspiracy theorists claim that a laser dazzler was used to assassinate Diana , Princess of Wales — but any bright flashes more likely came from photographer 's flashguns . )
A portable version of the truck - mounted Active Denial System — the Pentagon's " pain ray " — might be used to similar effect .
It could cause an assailant to flinch for a vital second , giving agents an opportunity to get the President out of the line of fire , without having to shoot into a crowd .
Raytheon has been working on a rifle - sized versionof the Active Denial System for some years , but nothing has been heard of it recently .
Another likely candidate is a directed - energy device to neutralize suspected improvised explosive devices , or IEDs — something that produces an intense , narrow beam of microwaves to fry the electronics .
Tomlinson also claimed that MI6 has " sophisticated radio transmitters that would knock out the electronics of the limo at the press of a button , causing the airbags to inflate . "
Presidential protection is likely to include a range of jammersto stop remote bomb detonation , and possibly remote - controlled aircraft attacks .
With all this jamming , interference can occur and make radio communication impossible — if you leave any frequency clear , the bad guys might use it to send a detonation signal .
So perhaps the Secret Service may have a microwave voice - transmission system as an emergency backup when radio communication is impossible .
This would allow them to beam instructions to agents at a distance .
At a pinch it could also be used to distract a would - be assassin — having a voice suddenly booming inside your head should put off most snipers ( though they might have a few voices in there already ) .
We know that the Air Force has looked at microwave sound as a non-lethal weapon , and long - range acoustic systems like LRAD are already in use by the military and others .
So a Secret Service microwave sound system is not totally , completely out of the question .
Donald Friedman may yet manage to get more information about secret directed - energy weapons .
All we know so far is that they exist …
Unless anyone out there can tell us more ?
UPDATE : An article in Britain 's Independent On Sunday looking at the issue of how to protect the next Presidentsuggests another DE technology : Terahertz scanners .
So called T - rays have been used before for imaging systems that can see through clothing and detect metallic objects ( as well as showing naked flesh ) .
A portable version of the scanner would allow the Secret Service to spot hidden weapons from a distance without the potential assailant knowing that they know .
And they might well wish to keep their X - ray Specs secret .
[ Photo : via CS ]
Baby Name Meanings for a Meaningful Identity
The name reflects image , attitude , personality and the way you want to anticipate your child as .
Naming a child is a challenge for parents , which needs a sensibility and responsibility .
A name can have a profound impact on a child which reverberates into adulthood .
Parents on one hand are extremely excited about the arrival ; on the other hand , they are equally conscious about naming their baby .
The baby 's arrival is also the commencement of yet another responsible task – the quest for the perfect baby name .
Baby Name Meanings Galore
One of the most often misunderstood and under - valued considerations when choosing a name for a baby is its meaning .
This is a subtle area and often calls for research because the name you choose may have a positive connotation in your language .
However , it might mean something entirely different and often negative in another language .
For instance , the baby girl name " Hella has a Biblical connotation .
Unfortunately , it means " rust " in Hebrew .
Whoever would believe that the name " Byron " means " small cottage " or " house " in Anglo Saxon .
Imagine what a field day your baby 's Internet - savvy playmates will have when they discover the true name of your baby if it is selected inappropriately .
The baby name you finally choose can either negatively or positively influence the emotional well - being , health , professional career , attitude , personality and behaviour of your baby when he or she grows up .
It is therefore critical for you to choose the most appropriate baby name .
Baby Name Meaning and the Parental Instinct
When you are finally ready to name your baby , you have probably had an opportunity to observe the baby and intuitively come to a few conclusions about the baby 's personality .
How your baby looks also impacts this decision .
The name you choose should match these sentiments .
Is the name too masculine for your baby girl ?
If your baby boy is of a quiet disposition , is the name you choose one that denotes courage , bravery and aggression ?
For instance , the name " Alexander " has come to denote bravery .
" William " means valiant protector .
For baby girls who generally tend to foreshadow their role as care givers , feminine names which reflect feminine attributes are available in abundance .
For example , Mildred , a popular baby girl name with its derivation from Old English , means " gentle . "
Frances , a baby girl name that is popular in australia , the UK and the US even today , means " free - spirited . "
This name has a Latin derivation and is also easy to spell .
Take baby name meanings with a floral tinge for instance .
Names such as " Hyacinth , " " Daisy , " and " Fern " are popular even today in most parts of the English speaking world .
Names such as " Eve " and " Zoe " are actual synonyms for flower .
The baby name you select can subconsciously mould the mind and personality of your baby .
This is in part due to the fact that the human brain is in full control of our thought processes .
Our names tend to shape and define our attitudes and beliefs which can have a long - lasting impact on us as human beings .
When is a withdrawal not a withdrawal ?
Apparently , when it 's conducted by the Obama administration 's " bipartisan " hangovers .
This Sunday , Joe Biden told ABC's George Stephanopoulos that a NY Times report alleging U.S. military commanders argued at Biden 's national security meeting this week that they could not meet the 16 - month U.S. troop withdrawal from Iraq deadline called for by Obama was false .
" I 'm not going to get into detail , but the answer is , nothing was that stark at all .
There is -- there is n't any -- there is n't any conclusion reached or presentation made that suggests that we cannot rationalize the -- the status of forces agreement terms and the objectives of the Obama - Biden administration , " Biden said .
" He is committed within the context of what he said at the time , " Biden said of Obama .
" He said he would at the time confer with the military leaders on the ground .
We will be out of Iraq in -- in the same -- in the -- in the way in which Barack Obama described his position during the campaign .
That will happen . "
But on Charlie Rose midweek , Bob Gates was clear that withdrawal does n't mean withdrawal , not by a long chalk .
ROSE : As far as you understand it , how many residual forces will be left [ in Iraq ] after 2011 ?
GATES : Well , I think that remains to be seen , and first of all , because any forces remaining there after the end of 2011 will have to be there as a result of a new agreement negotiated with the Iraqis .
So they will clearly have a voice in how many are there as well .
ROSE : If they say none , it ’s none or not ?
GATES : That ’s absolutely right .
ROSE : Yeah .
GATES : That ’s absolutely right .
They are a sovereign country , and if they tell us after the end of 2011 , we want you all out , I think we have no choice but to do that .
I think that just in a ball park figure when I think of the support that they likely are going to need for their air force , for their navy , for counterterrorism , for continued training , for intelligence , for logistics and so on , my guess is that you ’re looking at perhaps several tens of thousands of American troops , but clearly , in a very different role than we have played for the last five years .
Gates went on to say that these " several tens of thousands " of troops - the equivalent of at least ten brigades - would n't have a combat role , but this is still clearly parsing " complete withdrawal " as required by the SOFA beyond the boundaries of the language .
Gates obviously expects three years to be " a long time " , as both General Mullen and General Odierno have recently phrased it , and expects that what 's in the SOFA right now wo n't be what happens when the day comes due to live up to it .
There 's a massive disconnect between Gates and Biden here , one that 's only explainable by two possibilities ; either that major parsing of Obama 's " withdrawal " and the letter of the SOFA agreement is taking place with Obama 's permission , or that it is n't .
The people deserve to know which one it is .
Meanwhile , Odierno himself , newly annointed as the only true Deciderer by the Three Amigos group of McCain , Lieberman and Graham , has built on his assertions last week that he had no intention of sticking to the U.S. agreement with Iraq which says all U.S. troops must be withdrawn from Iraqi cities by the summer .
Now he 's saying that " any decision on force structure here in Iraq will be made by me , " and he wo n't be making it before next Spring , in anticipation of a Surge ( TM ) in violence surrounding the upcoming Iraqi provincial elections .
" So we have to make sure in the election those who did n't win understand that , and we will be able to seat the new government properly , " Odierno , the overall commander of U.S. and allied forces in Iraq , told AP late Saturday .
" And once we get to that point , it 's now time for us to take a look at what is right for the future . "
... " I expect we will start to thin our forces in '09 .
It 's the right time to do that , " he said .
" We will do it in a deliberate , careful way to make sure we have enough combat power to support the Iraqis in case there is the unexpected , a resurgence of an extremist group of some sort that tries to have an affect of the stability inside Iraq . "
He also said he has n't talked to the Obama team about his decision and wo n't until Obama actually takes office , as he 's carrying out Bush policy until then .
Biden may be saying there 's no difference in opinion between the Obama team and it's Pentagon holdovers , but it sure looks like there is to me .
Cross posted from Newshoggers .
Thanks to Heather for the video clips .
Photo Enhancement services , which is complex retouching area like recreation of photo areas , faces , skins , objects , products etc. along with color / perspective correction .
Photo enhancement for dull , damaged , poor , old photographs by removing or changing unwanted / defective areas .
So color enhancement , color balancing is major part .
We offer this service mainly to Modeling Company , Advertising Company , Publishing Company , Printing and Jewelry Industries .
We are photo enhancement outsourcing company from India offers professional photo enhancement services .
Our photo enhancement center is developed with lots of creativity so that our photoshop artist can work with creative mind .
Our experienced and dedicated photo artist are using advanced photo enhancement techniques and technology to provide the best photo enhancement services in defined time deadline with .
Our company is always finding the new creative ideas to provide the best quality photo enhancement service to our clients .
What We Can Do For You ?
Remove tears , stains , creases , scratches , folds etc .
Restore faded tones and colours to their original look
Correct colour shifts and removal of yellowing
Accentuate highlights and bring out details
Transform black and white to duotones , tritones
Colourize photographs to your specifications
Combine 2 or more images
Add /remove objects and people
Enhance sharpness , contrast , brightness
I sure did n’t expect to be spending Thanksgiving morning sucking down instant coffee and flicking channels between CNN and the BBC .
But the attacks in Mumbai are so big and , like they keep saying , “ brazen , ” that I stayed up late and got up early .
By now we all know the basics : Islamist terrorists swarmed over the rich / tourist parts of Mumbai yesterday , took over two luxury hotels and opened fire in the main train station .
They ’ve also seized several other buildings , though I still have n’t gotten an accurate count ; some reporters were saying there were 17 different attacks in all , others 10 .
What ’s clear is that this was a labor - intensive enterprise .
Terrorism is usually a matter of spending as few of your people as you can , but somebody connected with Al Qaeda or its Pakistani fan club decided to spend a lot of lives here .
That ’s what ’s interesting , looking at these attacks cold - bloodedly .
Suppose you ’re an Al Qaeda honcho deciding how to get maximum bang for your resources .
Until now the solution has been bombs , most of the time .
Because bombs can be planted by a few men , and if they set the timers right and keep a low profile , there ’s a good chance those men will get away to plant more bombs another day .
And since good men are hard to find , especially good men willing to risk having their fingernails pulled out in a police basement , that ’s the way most terrorist movements decide to go .
Not this time .
If these guys sent men to ten different locations in Mumbai , they spent a lot of lives .
They ’d have to assume that none of these men will come back alive .
About half will die , and the rest will get some serious interrogation , then be shot “ trying to escape ” or be thrown into a deep , dark cell if they ’re very lucky .
Suppose they sent ten men to each location .
You need numbers for this sort of frontal assault in a heavily policed city , so that seems like a good number .
Even if the real number turns out to be lower , say seven men to each location , that ’s 70 supporters ’ lives spent in one raid .
Not the sort of thing that makes your Human Resources manager happy .
But it comes down to what you might as well call market forces , and in those terms it makes perfect sense .
Supply and demand .
Supply : it looks like the gunmen came from Pakistan by ship .
Supplies of dumb triggerhappy young Pakistanis in a hurry to find martyrdom are basically infinite .
Thanks to the CIA , ISI and Saudi funding , there are now more than 4000 madrassas , martyrdom academies , in Pakistan .
They ’re like the only rec centers da yout ’ have there , and they work overtime convincing Pakistan ’s young , restless and stupid that volunteering for a suicide mission is like winning a free cruise .
Which , if these guys really did come by sea , it was .
Now quality , that ’s a different issue .
How much is the life of one of these cannon - fodder kids worth , to the movement ?
That depends on a lot of factors .
If you ’re that Al Qaeda HR manager and you had to construct your dream recruit , he ’d speak unaccented American or British English ; he ’d be white , or East Asian looking ; he’d be comfortable in urban / yuppie life anywhere in the West ; he ’d have a cool head , know how to smile like a car salesman all the time and talk sports ; and underneath he’d have total Terminator dedication to the cause and be immune to the attractions of the evil world you ’d be sending him to infiltrate .
But when you look at the recruits the madrassas in Pakistan have been turning out , you see how far short of those goals these rookies are .
Most of them are slum kids or village kids who like the free food and the idea of shooting people , the two things any teenage boy is naturally drawn to .
They ’re willing to pull a trigger and they ’re dumb enough to volunteer ; that ’s about all you can say for them .
All kids are game , but that does n’t mean they got game .
These guys do n’t know how to blend in the airport world , the business world ; they do n’t speak English at all , or if they do it ’s the sort of mangled Rawalpindi English that sets red lights blinking at every border checkpoint in the world .
They look Pakistani , and not that pale , tall kind you get with elite Pakistanis like that cricket guy .
They ’ve still got plow dirt under their fingernails .
In other words , these are your human resources and they ’re , let ’s say , of limited value .
They ’ll never be James al - Bond moles infiltrating Wall Street and the FBI .
They ’re dumb as mud bricks .
But they ’re also brave and willing to kill .
How do you use assets like that ?
Not in the classic Al Qaeda way , sending them in one or two at a time to liaise with local Islamists and prepare for the traditional strike where five bombs go off at once .
They do n’t have the finesse .
They ’d be spotted as soon as they showed .
But there are a lot of them .
You could n’t get them into Manhattan , or London , but there is a soft target much closer to Pakistan where lots of American and British people hang out .
Better yet , it ’s the financial heart of India , Pakistan ’s hated enemy , which gets the ISI on your side because nothing infuriates the Pakistani intelligence elite more than watching India get rich and popular while Pakistan sinks into miserable chaos .
Now when I say this gets the ISI on the attackers ’ side , I ’m not saying that every single ISI honcho in Pakistan knew and rubberstamped this plan on official ISI letterhead .
Nothing is that simple in Pakistan .
Everything is murky in Pakistan , even the air is pure murk .
It ’s more like some ISI honcho knows about the plan , gives it the unofficial nod of approval and passes it to some poor loser who ’s expendable , who can be hanged or handed over to the Western “ allies ” when it ’s all over as the traitor who collaborated with these evil militants .
This cutout lowlevel official sees to it that the ship leaving Karachi full of young , dumb , bloodthirsty madrass products does n’t get stopped by customs .
It steams down the west coast of India right up to the peninsula where all the high - value targets in Mumbai are concentrated .
And if you look at a map of Mumbai ( for the next few days you ’ll have no problem finding maps of Mumbai ) , you see how easy it would be to land small boats from a ship off the peninsula by night .
The reason this was such a good plan is that it maximized the Islamists ’ local assets .
These guys are n’t smooth enough to get through normal hotel security to plant a bomb , but they did n’t have to be .
They just stormed in through the front door , firing at full automatic .
That ’s why this talk about whether security at the hotels was adequate is ridiculous .
Hotel security is aimed at stopping sneak attacks , bomb - planters .
To stop the sort of heavily - armed suicide squads that hit these hotels , you ’d need a full platoon of infantry .
So what you see here is something economists would understand as well or better than traditional military analysts .
I hate to sound cold - blooded , putting it this way , but what happened is that Pakistan ’s islamists had a surplus of raw labor , and thought of a way to get it to a place where it maximized its global value in terms of pure blood and destruction .
Gary Brecher is the author of the War Nerd .
Send your comments to brecher@exiledonline.com .
Click the cover , buy the book !
Venezuelans are among the Latin Americans most satisfied with their lives , according to a Gallup poll commissioned by the Inter American Development Bank ( IDB ) .
Venezuelans ' satisfaction with their system of public education , health care , work situation , and housing also rank well above average for the region .
December 4 , 2008 ( venezuelanalysis.com ) --
Venezuelans are among the Latin Americans most satisfied with their lives , according to a Gallup poll commissioned by the Inter American Development Bank ( IDB ) .
Venezuelans ' satisfaction with their system of public education , health care , work situation , and housing also rank well above average for the region .
The findings are based on data from the Gallup World Poll , which continually surveys people in 140 countries , together with additional questions commissioned by the IDB on social themes in Latin America and the Caribbean .
With ten being the most satisfied with life and zero the lowest rating possible , Venezuelans ’ happiness averaged 6.5 , the fourth highest score of a Latin American country .
Compared to average scores around the globe , Venezuelans ranked just below the industrialized nations of North America and Western Europe , but higher than all other regions .
Although the study showed a tendency for a negative correlation between economic growth and happiness , Venezuela was an exception , as the happiness of its citizens remained high despite experiencing robust economic growth in the last four years .
“ Governments that focus their policies exclusively on growth are bound to lose support in the long run if they do not respond to the higher expectations that accompany growth in areas ranging from education and health to income distribution , ” explained Eduardo Lora , IDB ’s chief economist and coordinator of the study .
“ The difficulty lies in responding to these demands without killing growth . ”
The results of the study seem to indicate that the current Venezuelan government may be heeding that advice .
When asked about education , 84 percent of Venezuelans reported being satisfied with their system of public education , the second highest score in the region after Costa Rica , and indicating a greater satisfaction than the average regional score of any part of the world , including the developed nations .
Venezuela ’s public spending on education tripled between 1998 and 2006 , according to statistics from the Venezuelan government .
In contrast , residents of Haiti , the poorest country in the hemisphere , registered the lowest satisfaction with their education system , with just 43 % of respondents indicating satisfaction .
On the topic of health care , 72.8 percent of Venezuelans said to be satisfied with the availability of health care services in their area , the third highest ranking in the region and well above the regional average , which stands at 56.9 percent .
Venezuela ’s public spending on health care doubled between 2001 and 2006 according to official statistics , and Venezuelans have witnessed the construction of hundreds of hospitals and clinics in recent years .
When it comes to employment , 90.6 percent of Venezuelans reported being satisfied with their work situation , again the third highest percentage of any country in Latin America .
Compared to the regional scores , only Western Europeans averaged a greater satisfaction than Venezuelans on this topic .
When asked to assess their personal housing situation , 86 percent of Venezuelan respondents felt satisfied , the fourth highest score in the region , and again ranking higher than any other regional average except Western Europe .
Gallup surveyed more than 40,000 citizens aged 15 years or older from 24 countries in Latin America and the Caribbean between November 2005 and December 2007 .
The margin of error of the poll varies for each country and ranges from 3.1 percent to 5.1 percent .
The study is part of the latest edition of the Development in the Americas series , published by the IDB .
With only five days left , my lead is insurmountable .
The competition can't catch up .
And for the third year in a row , I 'll triumph .
In second place will be the president of the United States .
Our contest is not about sports or politics .
It 's about books .
It all started on New Year 's Eve in 2005 .
President Bush asked what my New Year 's resolutions were .
I told him that as a regular reader who'd gotten out of the habit , my goal was to read a book a week in 2006 .
Three days later , we were in the Oval Office when he fixed me in ...
Emergency Medicine Journal
December 24 , 2008
NEW YORK ( Reuters Health ) –
In a survey of a random sample of U.S. emergency physicians , virtually all said they believed that law enforcement officers use excessive force to arrest and detain suspects .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The sample included 315 respondents .
While 99.8 percent believed excessive force is used , almost as many ( 97.8 percent ) reported that they had managed cases that they suspected or that the patient stated had involved excessive use of force by law enforcement officers .
Nearly two thirds ( 65.3 percent ) estimated that they had treated two or more cases of suspected excessive use of force per year among their patients , according to a report of the survey published in the January 2009 issue of the Emergency Medicine Journal .
Dr. Jared Strote of the University of Washington , Seattle , and a multicenter team also found that emergency physicians at public teaching hospitals were roughly four times more likely to report managing cases of suspected use of excessive force than those at university or community teaching emergency departments .
Blunt trauma inflicted by fists or feet was the most common type of injury cited in cases of suspected use of excessive force , followed by “ overly tight ” handcuffs .
Most emergency physicians ( 71.2 percent ) admitted that they did not report cases of suspected use of excessive force by law enforcement officers .
Read article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Dell hopes to save $ 8.1 million over the next four years by making changes to the materials used in packing and shipping its PCs .
The new packaging will be formed from recycled milk and detergent containers , among other things .
Today , Dell announced plans to trim its costs over the next four years by cutting out 20 million pounds of its customary computer packaging materials .
Now claiming to be the only major computer maker with a " global packaging reduction target " for desktops and laptops , Dell expects to reduce packaging materials by 10 % worldwide , increase " sustainable content " in cushioning and corrugate packaging by 40 % , and make 75 % of its packaging components " curbside recyclable " by 2012 .
Advertisement
Dell 's new packing materials will include High - Density Polyethylene ( HDPE ) " thermo - foamed cushions . "
HDPE is produced from recycled milk jugs and laundry detergent bottles , for example , the company said in a statement .
In changing its packaging ways , Dell plans to save $ 8.1 million over the next four years -- savings that could potentially be put to any number of purposes , including avoiding job layoffs .
Meanwhile , though , the PC maker also seems to hitting a growing sweet spot with both business and consumer customers .
In survey results rolled out this fall at CES Unveiled New York , the Consumer Electronics Association reported rising interest among consumers in a lot of different aspects of green computing , ranging from energy - saving devices to recyclable packaging .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A look at how the California car industry has been affected by the economic downturn .
Matt Frei reports on how sellers and buyers of new cars are reacting to difficult times .
November 29 - December 5 , 2008 Edition
Rails 2.3 development is still continuing at a healthy clip .
Here ’s an overview of what ’s happened this week .
Application Templates
Rails now incorporates Jeremy McAnally ’s rg application generator .
What this means is that we now have template - based application generation built right into Rails ; if you have a set of plugins you include in every application ( among many other use cases ) , you can just set up a template once and use it over and over again when you run the rails command .
Pratik Naik provided a thorough writeup of this feature over on his blog .
commit
Find Improvements
Even the venerable code used by Active Record to talk to databases can be improved , and we had a couple of improvements checked in this week .
First , the SQL generated for preloading records in has_and_belongs_to_many associations has had an extra “ AS ” excised , which makes it work better with some databases .
Also , we now have a : having option on find ( as well as on has_many and has_and_belongs_to_many associations ) for filtering records in grouped finds .
As those with heavy SQL backgrounds know , this allows filtering based on grouped results :
developers = Developer.find ( : all , : group => " salary " , : having => " sum ( salary ) > 10000 " , : select => " salary " )
commit commit
Rack Integration
The tighter integration of Rails with Rack continues .
This week saw the death of the venerable CGI processor within Rails , as well as the use of Rack to handle FCGI .
There was also some refactoring down in the Rails tests to make them play nicer with Rack .
commit commit
Configuration File Cleanup
Over the years , the default environment.rb file had gotten a bit cluttered with comments , random documentation , and settings that mot people do n’t need .
DHH took a few minutes to clean up the mess , and the current state of this file is much leaner .
As part of the cleanup , session store configuration has been moved out to its own file .
commit
No More Process Scripts
If you ’re one of the ( fairly rare ) Rails developers who deploys in a fashion that depends on the inspector , reaper , and spawner scripts , you ’ll need to know that those scripts are no longer included in core Rails .
For Rails applications that are reployed with current alternatives like Passenger , these are just unnecessary baggage .
But if you need them , you ’ll be able to pick up copies via the irs_process_scripts plugin .
commit
Odds and Ends
The fact that Rails checks for IP spoofing can be a nuisance for sites that do heavy traffic with cell phones , because their proxies do n’t generally set things up right .
If that ’s you , you can now set ActionController : : Base.ip_spoofing_check = false to disable the check entirely .
commit
Rails.root now returns a Pathname object , which means you can use it directly with the join method to clean up existing code that uses File. join .
commit
ActionController :: Dispatcher now implements its own middleware stack , which you can see by running rake middleware .
commit
Gem loading is smarter about missing dependencies .
commit
auto_link now properly applies options ( such as : target and : class ) to generated e-mail links .
commit
Destinations
Whether it ’s ato your favourite city in the USA or Canada , your annual familyin the Caribbean , a romantic Mexicanor a round - the - world journey , Europe , Australia and the South Pacific , travel undoubtedly makes us richer .
The world is both big and small , brimming with wonder at every turn , leaving us all with little hope of ever seeing it all – and thank goodness for that .
Our most popular destinations are so for a reason .
They are your favourites and ours and we ’ve designed our destination travel guides to help you experience them better , with insider tips , not - to - be- missed attractions and sightseeing musts .
They have been compiled by passionate travellers for travellers and we hope you enjoy them as much as we have putting them together .
Would you like to add or edit content here ?
Here 's how you can have an account !
From FreeThoughtPedia
Twelve Step Programs
Alcoholics Anonymous , Narcotics Anonymous , Smokers Anonymous , Over-eaters Anonymous , are all variations of the 12 Step Program , billed as a " non-denominational rehabilitation program " for people with substance abuse and other psychological , social and physical issues .
Many in the free thinking community consider programs like Alcoholics Anonymous to be a religion .
The " Big Book " is the " scripture " of 12 - step programs .
And the " commandments " are the twelve steps :
The 12 - Step Program also has a component of " Traditions " which requires a " Monotheistic , Loving God " the entire group must embrace ; the God of YOUR Understanding get thrown out the door , and the true Evangelical Christian Identity of the 12 - Step Program is revealed .
The Twelve Steps
AA 's 12 steps :
We admitted we were powerless over alcohol — that our lives had become unmanageable .
Came to believe that a Power greater than ourselves could restore us to sanity .
Made a decision to turn our will and our lives over to the care of God as we understood Him .
Made a searching and fearless moral inventory of ourselves .
Admitted to God , to ourselves and to another human being the exact nature of our wrongs .
Were entirely ready to have God remove all these defects of character .
Humbly asked Him to remove our shortcomings .
Made a list of all persons we had harmed , and became willing to make amends to them all .
Made direct amends to such people wherever possible , except when to do so would injure them or others .
Continued to take personal inventory and when we were wrong promptly admitted it .
Sought through prayer and meditation to improve our conscious contact with God , as we understood Him , praying only for knowledge of His will for us and the power to carry that out .
Having had a spiritual awakening as the result of these steps , we tried to carry this message to alcoholics , and to practice these principles in all our affairs .
Problems with Alcoholics Anonymous and all 12 - Step Programs
Most significantly , the first step , admitting you are powerless in combating your addiction seems to completely undermine the entire rehabilitation process .
Addiction is an issue of self control .
Overcoming it requires personal will power .
Outside / External influences can help and often make the difference but if you do n't change , nothing changes .
So the first step sets the stage for not taking responsibility for changing ones ' addiction .
Failure is no longer your fault - Because the first step encourages people to admit they 're powerless and subsequent steps demand you ask God to take care of things for you , failure is no longer something you need to accept responsibility for .
It 's in God 's hands .
The first step sets the stage for steps 2 , 3 , 6 and 7 , where you in essence , pledge to replace one addiction ( i.e. alcoholism ) with another ( the A.A. program itself or religion & dependence upon God to effect positive change in your life ) .
Even after one successfully overcomes their addiction , the 12 - step programs encourage people to still consider themselves " addicted " and thus incapable of exercising any self - control or self - determination outside the limitations of the program 's world view which gives all credit to God .
Clinical studies have shown that http://bsalert.com/news/1298/Study_Shows_12-Step_Programs_A_Dozen_Steps_Short_On_Success.html " title= " 12 step programs are no more effective than not attending a program at all " > 12 step programs are no more effective than not attending a program at all !
12 - Step programs are mandated by law / government / courts in many jurisdictions when these programs are clearly religious in nature and a violation of the Separation of church and state .
The " God " of your understanding can not and never will " Cure " you of your Alcoholism ; kind of makes it their God that you must have .
Testimonials
by August 05/20/2009
I received an " Open Container " ticket for drinking on the beach in San Diego .
The judge mandated I get alcohol counseling and attend 12 - Step AA .
The counseling center said I was a complete alcoholic because of me getting a ticket ( getting a " Open Container " ticket is a symptom of a disease they said ) .
The funny thing is that two months earlier is when they city banned alcohol on the beach , before it was legal .
So two months earlier I was not an alcoholic but now I am ( FOR LIFE ) an alcoholic for drinking ONE BEER after work enjoying the sunset .
Insane !
I have a WARRANT OUT FOR MY ARREST in San Diego County because I told the counselor what she can do with her disease nonsense !
by DDR 9/16/08
The AA 12 steps ruined my life .
I worked all 12 , with a sponsor more than once , went to traditional 12 step treatment more than once , lived in sober house more than once and NONE OF IT WORKED !
Every time I would go back to a meeting they would give the same canned excuse , “ You did n't work your first step ” Hmmmm .. went to multiple treatment , work all 12 , had more than one sponsor , gave up apartments to live in sober housing and on and on ..
Folks , if you want to waste your time getting sober try AA .
The real reason we get high is because the buzz is so awesome !
If you want to get some God talk , go to church but if you want to get sober , stop getting high , That 's it !
If you have any other problems go see a shrink .
by runningclam 12/23/08
When I joined AA they said that AA was not a religious program but spiritual .
References to god were not meant as a specific deity , but the god of your understanding , or higher power .
Yet , once you are introduced to the 12 Steps , it becomes clear that this is not true .
In fact , some refer to this as the Big Lie .
First , you must come to believe that your higher power ( HP ) can heal you .
Next , you turn your will and your life over to the HP .
Then , you must ask your HP to remove your shortcomings with the full expectation that this will happen .
Later , you seek to improve your conscious contact with HP .
Last , it is presumed that the first eleven steps will result in a spiritual awakening .
Well then , this HP must be able to run your life , answer prayers , heal and be a conscious entity with whom you can have direct contact .
Hardly the higher power of my understanding .
In fact , it sounds suspiciously like the Christian god , and a fundamentalist at that .
In addition , the whole conscious contact thing may have a gnostic rendering that is a kind of heresy as I recall .
As for the spiritual awakening , every drunk needs an epiphany of some sort , even if it is just to realize the he can't drink any more .
Anyone can have an epiphany .
AA , the 12 Steps or god has nothing to do with it .
In any event , it is clear that AA is n't a spiritual program as much as a religious one .
( google : Buchmanism ) I would go so far as to say it is a religion in and of itself .
I 'm willing to bet that if you replaced word " god " with Allah or Rama , our Christian fellows would be quick to call it a cult .
There is a shoe called religion and AA fits comfortably within .
I stayed with AA for three years , even though I was told numerous times by senior members that sobriety was impossible unless I gave myself to god .
You see , they accepted atheists as members , but this supposed spiritual program fully expected you to find god at some point .
No place for a good old fashioned atheist as myself .
About a year after leaving AA I began trying Rational Emotive Therapy .
Twenty years later I 'm still sober with no problems in that regard .
In all fairness , I must add that in the past twenty years AA has grown up a bit .
There does n't seem to be the same religiosity to it .
There is an openness that did n't exist before .
I can't speak for other parts of the country but around here , AA has tempered some .
Having said that , as long as they preach the 12 Steps , AA should be treated as religious organization , if not a religion .
See Also
Boxing Day is an interesting holiday , widely observed across what was once the British Empire .
Generally held on December 26th , it is a day when the wealthy would traditionally give gifts to their employees or to people of lower social classes .
More interestingly , the wealthy would often trade places with their household servants for a day .
What better way to observe this holiday than to trade places with the boss of all bosses ?
Let ’s take a little time to just imagine trading places with God .
We ’ll use the most common Christian view of God as omniscient ( knowing everything ) , omnipotent ( being able to do anything ) , and omnipresent ( being everywhere at the same time ) .
The Great Fruit Debacle
In the beginning You create the heaven and the earth ( Genesis 1:1 ) .
You go on to create everything according to the primitive conception of the world that the authors of Genesis held , and then you create it a second time in Genesis 2 .
In Genesis 2 , you perform your first and possibly most evil act .
Like babies off a cliff
This story is like setting your two little babies near the edge of a cliff , telling them “ do n’t crawl off or you ’ll die ” , and then leaving them alone .
After saying this you just watch , silent and out of sight , while one of your older and more knowledgeable children goads them into crawling off the edge of the cliff one at a time and falling to their deaths .
This would be an easy task since the babies could n’t possibly understand the meaning of your words .
Once they ’ve both fallen , then you go down to see their shattered bodies on the rocks beneath and you say “ You stupid babies , I told you this would happen !
Now that you finally understand what I already knew , I wo n’t let you live even though I could save you .
In fact , I will make you suffer before I let you die .
Better yet , I ’ll make every living thing in the world suffer and die , and I ’ll blame it all on you .
Now go away . ”
You create Adam , you create the Garden of Eden , and then you create “ the tree of knowledge of good and evil ” .
You stick the tree right in the middle of the garden , and then you tell naive Adam ( who can not yet know the meaning of good and evil ) not to eat from that one tree or he will die .
Ignoring the fact that Adam could not have comprehended death in this deathless world , and the fact that he could not have understood the “ evil ” of disobeying your command , what possible reason could you have for putting this tree in the garden !?
It could have gone outside of the garden , and it would never be a problem , or it could simply not exist , but you chose to put it there .
The only reasonable explanation for this is that you knew exactly what would happen , you intended Adam and Eve to eat the fruit , and you are as guilty of instigating this mess as a police officer entrapping a mentally challenged child .
You knew what would happen , and you set up the circumstances to allow it to happen , and you never stepped in to prevent this outcome when the serpent tempted Eve .
Being omniscient and omnipresent you must have seen it , and being omnipotent you could have stopped it or at least reminded them not to eat the fruit , but you just sat there and watched them destroy the world with a bite of fruit .
You did n’t stop
Eve when she put the fruit to her lips , and you did n’t stop Adam when she offered it to him .
You did n’t forgive them or repair the damage , you became afraid of them and you set us all on the endless trail of horrible suffering and death that still plagues the world to this day , just because you were angry and afraid .
Not only did you punish the entire world forever for the mistakes of Adam and Eve , you set the whole thing up knowing exactly what would happen .
If anyone is responsible for “ the fall of man ” , it is you .
Mmmm …Burning Flesh
Once you ’ve kicked Adam and Eve out of Eden , Eve starts having babies and suffering through the painful childbirth you inflicted on her and all of her descendants ( Genesis 4:1 - 2 , 3:16 ) .
She has Cain and she has Abel .
The first thing worth mentioning that happens in their lives is that they each bring an offering to you .
Cain is a farmer , so he brings “ the fruit of the ground ” .
Abel is a rancher and he brings you the fat little firstborn baby animals from his flocks .
Cain brings the products of his farm to you , probably burning them for you as is the later custom , but you are not impressed .
You do n’t seem to have told people yet that you prefer sacrifices that bleed , cry , fear and feel pain .
Abel soon finds this out though when he brings the innocent little baby animals and kills them and burns them all just for you .
There ’s no reason for him to slit the throat of that cute little lamb , there ’s no need to bash in the head of the calf he ’s just dragged away from its mother , no reason that is other than your desire for all kinds of animals to be killed and burned for you , apparently just because you like the smell ( Genesis 8:21 , Exodus 29:18 , 25 , 41 , Leviticus 1:9 , 13 , 17 , Numbers 28 - 29 , etc. ) .
So you let them know you do n’t like Cain ’s sacrifice , but you sure are happy with Abel’s !
After all there is nothing you love more than the smell of the burning flesh of animals needlessly killed just for you .
It ’s so great in fact that you spend more verses in the Bible talking about how burning flesh is “ an aroma pleasing to the Lord ” than you do about the creation of the entire world !
Cain just ca n’t understand this .
He ’s angry and confused because Abel ’s offering made you happy and his did n’t .
So what do you do ?
Do you clearly explain to him what you want and that you still love him and you ’ll be happy when he comes back and kills and burns helpless baby animals for you ?
No , you say something cryptic about how he would be accepted if he did well and then you leave .
You do n’t calm Cain down so he wo n’t do anything crazy , you do n’t save Abel from being murdered by his brother , you just set up the conflict and watch it unfold .
There seems to be a pattern here :
You cause trouble , you watch it play out , and you punish whoever ’s left standing .
So Cain goes out into the fields with his brother and talks to him , and then we ’re not sure what happens .
Maybe Cain is still just mad and already planned to kill his brother , or maybe Abel laughed at him because God did n’t like his sacrifice ?
Whatever the reason , Cain kills Abel .
Of course you show up at this point , late again , but being omniscient and omnipresent , you were hanging around and watching the whole thing anyway .
So you get mad at Cain and you kick him out of the place that you kicked Adam and Eve out to , and Cain ( the only living person yet mentioned in the Bible after Adam and Eve ) runs off to live in Nod .
Apparently Adam and Eve had enough female children to go out and build the city of Nod , but you must have thought they were not worth mentioning in your Bible , probably because they were female and you view women more as chattel , the possessions of their fathers or husbands , than as valuable individuals ( Genesis 19:1 - 8 , Exodus 20:17 , 21:4 , 7- 11 , Numbers 5:11 - 31 , 30:1-16 , 31:17 -18 , Deuteronomy 20:14 , 22:13-21 , 22:28 -29 , Ephesians 5:22 - 24 , Colossians 3:18 , 1 Timothy 2:11 - 15 , 1 Peter 3:1 , etc. ) .
So Cain goes to Nod and takes a wife , who would also have to be his sister , and they start having sons .
Eve has another son , Seth , to replace Abel , and Seth has a son to finish up Genesis Chapter 4 .
If any of them have daughters , apparently you do n’t care .
Once again , in this second tragedy the Bible describes , you have instigated the whole thing and done nothing to prevent the tragic outcome , but you have still convinced people to believe that you did nothing wrong .
Bravo God , bravo .
The Rest of the Bible
So far we have only covered the first couple of pages of the first book of the Bible , but you have already created the world and engineered its demise , as well as inciting one of only four humans in the world to murder one of the other three and then you just watch it happen .
After a long list of Adam ’s descendants in chapter 5 , in chapter 6 of Genesis there are already half - human half - angel hybrids roaming the land ( Genesis 6:1 - 4 ) , and you already regret creating people ( 6:5 ) .
You decide this was all a big mistake and you should wipe out all life on Earth ( 6:6 - 7 ) which you do in chapter 7 .
You only spare 8 people along with 2 of each other unclean species of animal and 7 of each clean one .
This means that you kill nearly every man , woman , child , infant , dog , cat , cow , sheep , elephant , frog , bird , beetle , tyrannosaurus rex and every other species that has ever lived on this planet .
Even if we discount the deaths of millions upon millions of innocent animals , how many people do you kill here ?
Tens of thousands ?
Hundreds of thousands ?
Millions ?
As soon as you ’re done with Noah , in Genesis 11 you get scared that people building a tall tower will actually reach heaven , so you go down and change their languages so they ca n’t understand each other and you scatter them all over the world .
At least you refrained from killing everyone for once , but that still is n’t nice , and is n’t all this fear unbecoming for an omniscient and omnipotent being ?
The Bible goes on and on like this , book after book .
You tell a Satan to torture Job , kill his whole family and take everything from him just to prove that he will still worship you .
This is what the whole book of Job is about !
Here are just a few more of your many murders and commands to enslave , murder and massacre individuals , cities and even whole nations .
You command the Israelites to kill everyone in their way , every man , woman and child in many cases ( Deuteronomy 3:1 - 7 , Joshua 6:20 - 21 , Judges 21:10 - 24 , 1 Samuel 15:2 - 3 , etc. ) .
You tell them to wage genocidal campaigns against the Babylonians , Amorites , Hittites , Perizzites , Canaanites , Hivites , and Jebusites ( Jeremiah 50:21 - 22 , Exodus 23:23 ) .
You condone slavery ( Exodus 21:1 - 11 , Leviticus 25:44 - 46 , etc. ) .
You ask Abraham to kill and burn his own son as a sacrifice to you ( Genesis 22:1 - 18 ) .
You kill 70,000 people because King David conducts a census ( 1 Chronicles 21:9 - 14 ) .
You kill a baby for the sins of its father , again King David ( 2 Samuel 12:11 - 14 ) .
You kill all of the firstborn sons in Egypt to convince the Pharaoh to let your people go , but you do n’t hurt the Pharaoh himself ( Exodus 12:29 - 30 ) .
This is just a small sample of the horrors you perpetrate in the Bible .
Are you ready to go back to your “ sinful ” human self yet ?
What would you really do ?
If you were God , what would you do with the world ?
Would you help , or hurt ?
Would you create and responsibly maintain an earthly paradise , or would you continually set people up to be hurt and killed and fail in the most horrible ways ?
This little role reversal is done in a humorous way , but it is intended to make you think seriously .
Religious apologists will always be able to come up with some twisted exegesis to explain away the horrors of the Bible , but if you carefully read the entire Bible and honestly ask yourself each time God says or does something , “ would I think this was right and good if I did it ? ” , you will find yourself answering “ no ” a disturbingly large number of times .
This idea will be scoffed at by many Christians because “ we ca n’t know the mind of God ” , but even our limited minds can see problems in the words and deeds of the Bible ’s god .
These are problems that do not appear less severe to more intelligent observers , they only become more abhorrent and disturbing when we see them as being done by a god who knows everything about everything and can do anything he wants to do with the universe .
In this light , the god of the Bible is a monster .
[ photo by Becky Striepe ]
The average woman in the U.S. uses around 16,000 tampons during her menstruating years .
That equals a lot of waste .
In 1988 , a field study found that 6.5 billion tampons and 13.5 billion sanitary pads and their packaging end up in America ’s waste stream every year .
Disposable pads and tampons are wasteful , and on top of that they ’re not even necessary .
There are reusable alternatives to both pads and tampons .
Some of these products seems a bit daunting at first glance , but with a little practice they ’re as easy to use a conventional menstrual products .
Gentlemen , this could be more information than you require , so you may want to avert your eyes .
Cloth Pads
Cloth pads are pretty much a no - brainer .
I know , it might seem gross at first .
The companies that manufacture disposable menstrual products spend millions each year on advertising to make girls and women feel like our periods are something gross and shameful .
That ’s just not true .
Is caring for cloth pads any more disgusting than throwing disposables into the bin , where they sit until you take out the trash ?
There are tons of options when it comes to cloth pads .
You can find them handmade from organic materials , with wings or without .
They make maxi sized ones and minis .
Whatever you choose , care is pretty simple .
After use , just rinse the pad until the water runs clear .
Some women soak their pads to prevent staining .
Once you ’ve rinsed or soaked off the majority of the blood , just toss them in the wash !
Voila !
Menstrual Cups
Cloth pads are a pretty easy swap .
They work just like regular pads , aside from the rinsing and washing .
It seems that women find the idea of menstrual cups a little more daunting .
Tampons took some getting used to , though , right ?
Menstrual cups have a learning curve , too , but once you get the hang of it they ’re so much more convenient and less expensive than tampons !
Most cups cost between $ 35 and $ 45 .
That ’s just seven to nine boxes of tampons .
Since you can keep your cup for 10 years , it pays for itself pretty early in its lifespan .
I will admit it : the idea of menstrual cups freaked me out .
The shape scared me , and , to be honest , they just looked huge .
What finally convinced me to give these things a go was seeing a picture of a Diva Cup next to a tampon that had been soaked in water .
The cup was no bigger !
There are several companies that make menstrual cups , and most offer a guarantee where you can return it to the manufacturer or store for a refund if you ’re not happy .
Make sure to ask when you ’re picking out your cup – some women find that a particular brand works much better than another .
Popular brands include the Diva Cup , The Keeper , and The Moon Cup .
The tricky part with learning to use a cup is insertion , but with a little practice it becomes just as easy as using a tampon .
To insert the cup , you can use a number of different folding techniques .
The C - fold is probably the simplest and is a good place to start .
Once the cup is inserted , you want to make sure it opens and gets a good seal .
I have better luck getting mine to open if I open it before it ’s inserted all the way .
Once it ’s inserted and open , give it a few turns to make sure you have a decent seal .
The seal is what keeps your cup from leaking .
Most cups have a little stem on them .
If it ’s bothering you , just trim it a bit with scissors .
Trimming the stem too short might void your guarantee , though , so read the fine print before you snip too much off !
Most companies recommend emptying the cup just a few times a day .
During light days , you can sometimes get away with emptying it just once !
If you ’re at home , it ’s a good idea to rinse the cup before reinserting .
Do n’t worry if you have to empty it while you ’re out and about , though !
Just dump the contents into the toilet , reinsert , and rinse it when you get a chance later on in the day .
A lot of women can just reach up and grab the cup to remove it .
If you ca n’t reach it , try to sort of bear down , like you ’re having a bowel movement .
That should push it to where you can grab it with your fingers .
Give it a pinch to break the suction , and just pull it right out .
Do n’t try to pull it out by the stem .
I promise that it wo n’t work , and it might even be a bit painful .
There are a variety of ways to clean your cup .
The Keeper website recommends washing the cup with soap and water after each period and storing in the bag that comes with it .
You can also rinse it in a vinegar and water solution .
Before using it again , just wash it one more time , and you ’re ready to go !
Support
Just like learning to use tampons , you might need some support and advice when you ’re transitioning to using a menstrual cup .
The ladies over at Menstrualcups.org are a great resource .
There is an extensive archive , where you can read about other women ’s experiences .
You can even ask your own questions , though you do have to get a LiveJournal account to post a question to the community .
For those who voted to take away our marriage rights , we can symbolically take away the recognition of theirs as well .
In some ways it seems a little juvenile , but so are their actions , and this will go a long way to make our point .
If you know someone who is anti-gay , or voted for a proposition banning same - sex marriage , you can no longer regard their relationship as a marriage .
Instead , give them a taste of what they are subjecting us to .
Refer to their spouse as their " domestic partner " and their marriage as a " civil union " or just say you no longer recognize marriages since your right to them was taken away .
H/T to Chino Blanco for the graphic .
Stress in the workplace is devastating .
Regardless of the factors causing stress at work is very important to develop ways to manage stress to be creative and productive for us .
It is unrealistic to believe that we can live without stress .
The aim of stress management is not to stop worrying and care about everything ( so that we can avoid stress ) but to learn to keep our self relaxed and under control .
In recent decades the word stress has entered our vocabulary for good , describing the fatigue , discomfort and pressure we are experiencing in our daily lives .
The difficult working conditions , the financial difficulties , and the small or big personal problems of each of us became our personal load that we are forced to carry every day .
Stress in workplace arises when we realize that the tasks we have to undertake in our work are greater than what we can handle .
When the stress is intense and lasts for a long time , we begin to develop various symptoms that warn us that something is amiss .
The most typical symptoms ( signs ) are the following : intense irritability , anxiety , uncertainty , difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) , memory disturbances , tremor in the hands , headaches , abnormally tense muscles ( particularly in the neck ) , nausea , tachycardia , intense sweating , dizziness , trends faint , and others .
The reasons why there are high levels of stress in the workplace especially the last two decades are a lot .
The workplace now requires from the employee to be highly efficient and productive .
The worker is working under very demanding conditions .
Moreover , in reality the work is the instrument for acceptance and recognition of the adult person , that ’s why it plays a very important role in our lives .
The importance of work becomes more easily understood if one considers the high levels of unemployment and its impact on the lives of individuals .
The factors that cause stress are not the same for everyone .
What causes stress in a person may not cause stress to another .
Each person reacts to stress differently .
So the factors that cause stress in the workplace can be classified into the following generic categories :
Environmental conditions
Factors such as poor lighting , high noise levels , inadequate ventilation of the area , bad architecture and ergonomic arrangement of space , etc. has found that they can have a significant impact on the health of the workers and are often a cause of accidents .
Working Conditions
Working parameters such as work schedule , night shift , work and career insecurity , possible reduction in pay or working hours , poor working position , can increase the stress levels in the workplace .
Conditions that have to do with the actual work
The workload is one of the key factors that can cause stress .
Research has found that workers who have to work longer hours and have to undertake many tasks simultaneously are more likely to turn into harmful to the health habits ( smoking , alcohol use , etc. ) and they are more at risk to become sick than workers that have not been overloaded .
Conflict of roles / ambiguity of roles .
Conflict of roles is defined as the situation during which the worker receives conflicting and ambiguous messages in connection with the duties of his / her work from different people at the same time .
Ambiguity of roles is the situation during which the worker is unaware about the exact responsibilities and what is expected from them at work and what are the criteria for their assessment .
In addition the inability to take initiatives in the workplace reduces job satisfaction and increases the rates of sick leaves .
Factors related to interpersonal relations in the workplace .
Employees who because of the nature of their work are unable to communicate with their colleagues are not usually satisfied with their jobs .
Effects of Stress in workplace
Today there is several research data , which show that stress , has a negative impact not only on the quality of work but also on the level of productivity and security , as well as on the health of workers .
Of course , the daily pressure and stress rarely can cause a disease with no other factors that affect the organism .
While it is difficult to record the full range of workplace stress effects , they can be divided into the following categories :
Physical health problems
The National Institute for Safety and Health at Work has issued a list for the impact of poor working conditions on the health of the workers .
These include cardiovascular diseases , respiratory problems , cancer , and disorders of the reproductive system , hearing problems , dermatological diseases , psychosomatic problems , accidents and exposure to hazardous substances .
Psychological problems
Problems of psychological nature such as depression , severe anxiety and nervousness , weakness of concentration , emotional - out , low self - esteem .
Behaviour problems
Problems identified in behaviour , such as frequent absences from work , increased smoking , increased consumption of alcohol or psychoactive substances and drugs , aggressive behaviour towards colleagues , propensity to accidents .
Ways to manage stress in workplace
Regardless of the factors causing stress at work is very important to develop ways of managing stress to be creative and productive for us .
It is unrealistic to believe that we can live without stress .
Some basic ways to manage stress in the workplace are :
Plan your time properly .
It is important not to say yes to everything .
Try to count well and realistically the actual time required for the various activities you have to undertake
Try to put priorities .
The hierarchy of obligations will help you manage stress better .
Admit your own unique requirements .
It is good to be able to identify situations that can create you tension and anxiety and to take preventive measures to manage them or even to completely avoid , if possible .
Make
Sure that you sleep well
The sleep allows the body and our mental world to relax from all pressures to which they are put daily .
Exercise regularly
Regular exercise helps to combat and reduce stress .
Watch your diet .
Eat healthy ; avoid fats and consume enough fruits and vegetables .
Coffee , alcohol and smoking increase the levels stress .
Get trained in the implementation of relaxation techniques .
Sports and music can make us relax .
There are other relaxation techniques like deep breathing , the yoga , the massage , muscle relaxation techniques , the meditation that help reduce the intensity of symptoms but also in the preparation of the individual to identify them from their initial stages .
A common characteristic is that the person , with continuous training , acquires the habit to think and act more calmly and functional .
Get Help from family , friends , and specialists
Seek help from family , friends or colleagues .
In cases of chronic stress the assistance from friends and family may not be effective .
In that case you need the assistance of a specialist .
The specialist – in addition to the relief from stress can offer you the possibility of a personal self - journey with the ultimate objective of personal success and self - esteem .
Express your opinion and discuss your problems
In order to manage stress and do the workplace more comfortable and functional , learn to express your opinion decisively to resolve any excessive demands , discuss the problems with the head of the department and behave to your colleagues with respect and sensitivity , as you would like them to behave .
Finally , a good solution is to throw away from your desk what you do not need because the mess is a cause of stress .
Also , there is no harm in using game breaks in the office for relaxation .
And remember that family support , support from friends and avoiding bad habits such as smoking and alcohol , only good can do for you .
The aim of stress management is not to stop worrying and not to care about anything ( so that we can avoid stress ) but to learn to keep our self - relaxed and under control .
Maddow :
Why compromise with GOP ' in hilarious disarray ' ?
David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Tuesday November 25 , 2008
Print This Email This
With a mandate from the voters , Barack Obama would appear to have an open field to put through his own agenda without worrying about the opposition .
MSNBC 's Rachel Maddow , however , is concerned that Obama is too set on finding consensus to take a hard stand on an issue as contentious as war crimes .
" Why is the President - elect with strong majorities in Congress and the Republican party in utter , hilarious disarray , acting already like he has to fear and accommodate the Republicans in order to get anything done ? "
Maddow wondered on Monday .
" While Obama has repeated his stand to close the prison at Guantanamo and reassert American laws against torture , Newsweek and Salon.com both report that now he may not push for prosecutions of Bush officials . "
" Are you seeing too much kumbaya here ? "
Maddow asked her guest , Slate editor Dahlia Lithwick .
" He seem to be making good on the let 's - all - come - together part of his message , but it seems like he 's the one doing the compromising without much call for it . "
Lithwick agreed , noting that " I 've been waiting to hear war crime tribunals really get sexy , " but instead , " we 're hearing an awful lot coming out of the campaign that 's saying , ' Oh , we want to turn the page , we do n't want to look bloodthirsty and ruthless . ' "
" If you do n't want to expend capital on war crimes , what do you want to expend it on ? "
Lithwick asked .
" Do n't you sort of need prosecutions in order to draw a bright line under these things as American policy ? "
Maddow suggested .
" Just to make it clear and unambiguous that these things are illegal and will never be tolerated again ? "
" I think he 's getting two pieces of very irreconcilable advice , " Lithwick said of Obama .
" He 's got one camp telling him exactly what you 're saying : ' We can't close the door , turn the page .
We need to make this right , send a signal to the world and to our own citizens that this is not okay and people need to be held accountable . ' "
" I think at the same time , " Lithwick continued , " he 's getting an awful lot of advice that says there 's no appetite in America for this .
People are stressed about their pocketbooks , they 're worried about the war .
They just do n't want to see John Yoo and David Addington and Donald Rumsfeld trotted out for Nuremburg - style trials . "
" There are real good legal questions about whether [ such trials ] can happen , " Lithwick concluded .
" But we 're not talking about the legal questions .
We 're talking about political questions . "
This video is from MSNBC's The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast Nov. 24 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
If you like the article below , you might also enjoy :
Recursion as fixed points
Students of algebra are already familiar with recursion and fixed points .
They just do n't realize it .
Consider an equation like " x = x2 - 2 . "
( Programmers might recognize this as a recursive definition , in which x is being defined in terms of itself . )
If asked to solve for the value of x , a student might re-arrange the equation to use the quadratic formula .
However , there is another way to express , and even find , the value(s ) of x : fixed points .
A fixed point of a function f is an input that is equal to its output ; that is x is a fixed point of the function f if x = f( x ) .
Some functions have no fixed points ; some have many .
The notation Fix(f ) denotes the set of fixed points of a function f .
Define the function f such that f( v ) = v2 - 2 .
Then , observe that the original equation may now be re-written as " x = f( x ) . "
In other words , the solutions to the equation are the fixed points of the function f!
That is , Fix(f ) = { - 1,2} -- a fact we can verify by seeing that
f( - 1 ) = ( - 1) 2 - 2 = 1 - 2 = - 1 ,
f ( 2 ) = ( 2 ) 2 - 2 = 4 - 2 = 2
and : or by graphingand ) :
These are exactly the solutions to x = x2 - 2 given by Wolfram Alpha .
The insight that powers the upcoming technique is the observation that any time we have a recursive definition of the form " x = f( x ) , " the meaning of x is going to be defined in terms of fixed points .
The trick is to find a way to obtain fixed points when the equation has the form " f = F ( f ) , " in which the value of f is not a number , but a function .
The Y combinator is that trick .
The Y combinator in theory
In his research on the λ- calculus and combinatory logic , Haskell Curry discovered the " paradoxical " fixed - point combinator known as the Y combinator .
The Y combinator takes a functional as input , and it returns the ( unique ) fixed point of that functional as its output .
A functional is a function that takes a function for its input .
Therefore , the fixed point of a functional is going to be a function .
Using the concepts of functionals and fixed points , we can eliminate explicit recursion for a function through two steps :
Find a functional whose fixed point is the recursive function we seek .
Find the fixed point of a functional without recursion .
Deriving the Y combinator
A simple source transformation takes care of the first step .
The Y combinator takes care of the second .
The λ-calculus , the language in which the Y combinator is typically expressed , is a programming language which contains only anonymous functions , function applications and variable references .
( Remarkably , this language is Turing - complete . )
The notation λv.e stands for the function that maps the input v to the output e. JavaScript supports anonymous functions :
λv.e == function ( v ) { return e ; }
So , if we can find a way to express the Y combinator in the λ- calculus , we can express it in JavaScript too .
To derive the Y combinator , start with the core property we seek .
Namely , if we give the Y combinator a functional F , then Y( F ) needs to be a fixed point :
Y( F ) = F ( Y ( F ) )
We could actually transliterate this definition into JavaScript as :
function Y( F ) { return F ( Y ( F ) ) ; }
Of course , if we tried to use it , it would never work because the function Y immediately calls itself , leading to infinite recursion .
Using a little λ- calculus , however , we can wrap the call to Y in a λ-term :
Y( F ) = F ( λ x . ( Y ( F ) ) ( x ) )
Now , when we invoke the function Y , it immediately calls the function F , and passes it λ x.( Y ( F ) ) ( x ) , which is equivalent to the fixed point .
Or , in JavaScript :
function Y( F ) { return F ( function ( x ) { return ( Y ( F ) ) ( x ) ; } ) ; }
This function will actually find the fixed point of a functional , and we could use it to eliminate recursion .
Of course , as defined , the function Y calls itself recursively , so we have n't really eliminated recursion yet .
We 've just moved it all into the function Y .
Using another construct called the U combinator , we can eliminate the recursive call inside the Y combinator , which , with a couple more transformations gets us to :
Y = ( λh.λF. F(λ x.( ( h( h ) ) ( F ) ) ( x ) ) ) ( λh. λF. F(λ x . ( ( h( h ) ) ( F ) ) ( x ) ) )
Note that the right - hand - side makes no reference to Y .
The Y combinator in JavaScript
Any untyped language which permits lexically scoped anonymous functions , such as JavaScript , can express the Y combinator without relying on recursion , iteration or side effects .
Even without understanding how the Y combinator works , you still can see it in action and verify for yourself that no recursion or iteration is used .
The following example expresses the factorial function without using recursion :
// A " functional " is just a function that takes // another function as input .
//
The Y combinator finds the fixed point // of the " functional " passed in as an argument .
//
Thus , the Y combinator satisfies the property : // Y( F ) = F ( Y ( F ) ) //
Note that Y does not reference itself : var Y = function ( F ) { return ( function ( x ) { return F ( function ( y ) { return ( x ( x ) ) ( y ) ; } ) ; } ) ( function ( x ) { return F ( function ( y ) { return ( x ( x ) ) ( y ) ; } ) ; } ) ; } ; //
( In fact , all functions above are anonymous ! ) //
FactGen is the functional whose fixed point is // factorial .
//
That is , if you pass the factorial function to // FactGen , you get back the factorial function .
//
Since the Y combinator returns the fixed point // of a functional , applying the Y combinator to // FactGen returns the factorial function ! //
Note that FactGen does not reference itself : var FactGen = function ( fact ) { return ( function ( n ) { return ( ( n == 0 ) ? 1 : ( n * fact ( n - 1 ) ) ) ; } ) ; } ; document.getElementById(" result1" ).innerHTML
= ( Y( FactGen ) ) ( 6 ) ;
[ result1 ]
Take a close look at the definition of Y .
It uses only three kinds of expression : anonymous functions , variable reference and function application .
Each anonymous function has the form function ( argument ) { return expression ; } .
The Y combinator is a closed expression -- it makes no explicit reference to an outside variable or to itself .
Clearly , there is no recursion , iteration or mutation .
The Y combinator allows a concise transformation from a recursive function to a non-recursive function .
If we have a recursive function f :
function f ( arg ) { ... f ... }
This definition can be transformed into a non-recursive form :
var f = Y ( function ( g ) { return ( function ( arg ) { ... g ... } ) ;} ) ;
It is inspiring to see what you can achieve in just a few extra characters .
Exploiting the Y combinator
The Y combinator is a significant result in the theory of computation and the theory of programming languages .
It offers another way to think about nontrivial functions in terms of fixed points , rather than the standard paradigms of recursion and iteration .
For instance , suppose we define a recursive function using the functional - fixed - point paradigm : can we then create a fixed - point combinator that automatically gives us better performance for the function ?
The answer is yes .
We can create a memoizing fixed - point combinator : a Y - like combinator that caches the results of intermediate function calls .
For example , the naive way of defining Fibonacci using recursion makes two recursive calls , leading to exponential time complexity :
function fib( n ) { if ( n == 0 ) return 0 ; if ( n == 1 ) return 1 ; return fib ( n - 1 ) + fib( n - 2 ) ; }
We could however , define Fibonacci using the Y combinator :
var fib = Y( function ( g ) { return ( function ( n ) { if ( n == 0 ) return 0 ; if ( n == 1 ) return 1 ; return g( n - 1 ) + g( n - 2 ) ; } ) ; } ) ;
This formulation still has exponential complexity , but we can change it to linear time just by changing the fixed - point combinator .
The memoizing Y combinator , Ymem , keeps a cache of computed results , and returns the pre-computed result if available :
// Ymem takes a functional and an ( optional ) // cache of answers .
//
It returns the fixed point of the functional // that caches intermediate results .
function Ymem ( F , cache ) { if ( ! cache ) cache = {} ; // Create a new cache. return function ( arg ) { if ( cache[arg ] ) return cache[ arg ] ; //
Answer in cache .
var answer = ( F ( function ( n ) { return ( Ymem ( F , cache ) ) ( n ) ; } ) ) ( arg ) ; // Compute the answer . cache[ arg ] = answer ; //
Cache the answer .
return answer ; } ; } var fib = Ymem ( function ( g ) { return ( function ( n ) { if ( n == 0 ) return 0 ; if ( n == 1 ) return 1 ; return g( n - 1 ) + g( n - 2 ) ; } ) ; } ) ; document.getElementById(" result2 " ).innerHTML = fib( 100 ) ;
[ result2 ]
There are a couple caveats with this particular Ymem :
Ymem only works on functions of one argument , but this could be remedied with Javascript 's apply method and the use of a trie - like cache .
Ymem only works for indexable argument values like numbers and strings , but this can be circumvented by supplying a comparator on argument values , so that it can use a sorted tree for the cache .
The end result is that the 100th Fibonacci number is computed instantly , whereas the naive version ( or the version using the ordinary Y combinator ) would take well beyond the estimated lifetime of the universe .
External resources
Related posts
Drudge 's latest awesome snap poll : who is hotter , Russian strongman Vlad Putin or sculpted hope - monger Barack Obama ?
The murderous ex-KBG officer is winning !
Love it leave it , guys !
The infamous shirtless photos of the 56 - year - old " Prime Minster " of Russia caused quite a stir back east when they surfaced last year , and we all laughed at the Russians for gushing over their thick , evil leader .
Then of course we elected Barry Obama and today 's New York Post headline is " FIT FOR OFFICE . "
So the joke is on us !
But Matt Drudge 's readers hate liberals even more than they hate commies , or ex-commies , so they all think Putin with his pants cinched way up like an old man on his fishing trip in Siberia is " hotter " than Barry hanging out in Hawaii .
Really , this battle of the bare - chested middle - aged world leaders is just weird .
We wonder what would happen if Drudge polled Obama versus Sarkozy .
Oh , wait , BREAKING :
GLOBAL MAINSTREAM NEWS MEDIA REPORT - KHNL HAWAII Obama expected to surf
This changes EVERYTHING .
upcoming highly anticipated “ Angels and Demons , ” which is based on a bestselling novel by Dan Brown .
When Robert Langdon ( Tom Hanks ) discovers evidence of the resurgence of an ancient secret brotherhood known as the Illuminati – the most powerful underground organization in history – he also faces a deadly threat to the existence of the secret organization ’s most despised enemy : the Catholic Church .
When Langdon learns that the clock is ticking on an unstoppable Illuminati time bomb , he jets to Rome , where he joins forces with Vittoria Vetra , a beautiful and enigmatic Italian scientist .
Embarking on a nonstop , action - packed hunt through sealed crypts , dangerous catacombs , deserted cathedrals , and even to the heart of the most secretive vault on earth , Langdon and Vetra will follow a 400 - year - old trail of ancient symbols that mark the Vatican ’s only hope for survival .
Today we have the seven new photos from
Angels and Demons Photos
Ron Howard again directs the film , which is produced by Brian Grazer , Ron Howard , and John Calley .
The screenplay is by David Koepp and Akiva Goldsman .
The film also stars Ayelet Zurer , Ewan McGregor , Pierfrancesco Favino , August Fredrik and Stellan Skarsgård .
” Angels and Demons ” will hit theaters May 15 , 2009 .
Released : 29 - Sep-2020 6:20 PM
EDT
Cerebral palsy also has genetic underpinnings
Scientists have identified mutations in single genes that can be responsible for at least some cases of cerebral palsy , according to a new study led by researchers at Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis .
The study indicates that many of the mutations occur randomly and are not inherited from a child ’s parents .
The new knowledge could help improve the diagnosis of cerebral palsy and lead to future therapies .
Whenever most people think of Communism , they assume a big fucking government which is responsible for the central planning and the running of the society as a whole as the benevolent rulers think best .
This preconception once again generally comes from the way Socialist regimes of the 20th century have ended up running their shows and as I pointed out in the first part of this series , they do not represent communism .
Indeed a statist Communism is an oxymoron for , by definition , Communism is stateless .
There is not central planning commitee , no benevolent leader - for - life , no bureaucracy .
In the original ideas of Karl Marx , Communism was always supposed to be the end result when the state had finally withered away .
The only situation where state exists is under socialism which is the stepping stone to Communism .
But the state of Socialism is not in any form the state which you are aware now or the one of Stalinist Russia either .
Is is a completely new beast .
The state of Socialism is based on the working class and the point of it , as opposed to the current example of state , is to protect the rights of the majority against the assault of the minority .
It is not based on location , it is based on profession .
The elected repressentatives do not simply come from a general location and thus put forward the requests of the workers , farmers , capitalists etc as the current system is .
Instead they are the repressentatives of the workers .
One for the car workers , one for the computer techs , one for the scientists and the like .
As such these repressentatives not only put forward the requests of a group of people who have a very close interest in their actions but they are themselves part of those people .
The current crop of politicians who generally end up being either progeny from rich families or people from professions which make a lot of money ( ie lawyers ) , thus they have no interest or knowledge of the working class situations .
If they look elitist , foreign and untouchable , it ’s because they are .
They have nothing in common with the lower class so how do you expect them to know what is good for you or others like you ?
Unlike them , socialist delegates should know exactly what the people they represent want and if they do not , then they can not hide behind excuses .
Everyone of their group will understand their language and failings and they will be recalled and replaced .
It is not supposed to be untouchable
The most important thing that changes in the socialist state is that elections do not happen only infrequently , making it difficult for people to decide if their chosen representatives did their job or not .
The members of the state are supposed to be subject to , if not instant , at the least very quick recalls when they do not represent their people anymore .
The state machine is not for the protection of the state
Currently the police and the army are not there to protect the citizens .
They are there in order to stop the majority of citizens from fighting with the capitalists .
When the poor and homeless rise up and demand to occupy the empty buildings of the rich , it is against them that the army will turn .
In the socialist state there is no army and police force as a separate force from the workers .
This is simply part of a societal “ chore ” that the members of the working class must do in order to protect themselves from outside forces or from people who would destroy them in order to take power .
Thus these forces are constantly changing and their members mingle with the working class , insuring that they will be protected from propaganda and not turn against their own people .
The withering of the state
All of these characteristics of the state above , are not about Communism .
They are about socialism .
This state is not there to control the people but to protect them from those who would use force or intrigue to dismantile the new system .
Once this danger has gone away , this state has no reason to exist anymore .
There is no need for many people to do the “ army chore ” when there is no external country ready to invade and enforce capitalism on them , and thus slowly there will be less and less people doing it until the army slowly withers away .
Similarly there will be no reason for police or any other state instrument .
Only once the state has withered away can a society be said to be in Communism .
Spread the love : Email
Reddit
More
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Tumblr
About The Jefferson Institute » Annual Reports — 9 Title : Keywords : Authors : --- No Filter --- William Allen Thomas Atwood Stephen Blake Christian Braunlich Robert Carlson Christine Chmura Eric Cohen Hartwell & Luellen Debate Michelle Easton Gregory Evans Peter Ferrara Leonard Gilroy Linda Gorman David Guhse Stephen Haner Beacon Hill Institute Thomas Jefferson Institute Dana Joel Gattuso Jo Kwong Kent Lassman Andy Madden Daniel Meges Adrian Moore Stephen Moses James Musser Alan Pisarski John Rocovich Jon Sanders Melanie Scarborough David Schnare David Sebring Geoffrey Segal Lisa Snell Dean Stansel Matthew Taylor Michael Thompson William Vincent David Wheat Category : --- No Filter --- Annual Reports
Have you ever wondered what somebody looks like under their clothes ?
I 'm guessing you have !
Well , so have researchers at Brown University .
That 's why they 've developed some fancy software that creates models of what people look like naked based only on pictures of them in their clothes .
Awesome ?
The researchers claim that the technology is designed for people like forensic detectives and fashion designers , but I can see through that pretty easily .
That 's like Google claiming that private browsing is used for buying people gifts : unless those gifts are gifts of porn , that 's not what anyone will use it for .
So I guess we can look forward to a future where perverts can snap pictures of people on the street and then take them home to their computer , converting the pictures into accurate naked 3D models .
We 're way beyond just using binoculars from across the street ; it 's the 21st century , after all .
[ Eurekalert ]
Advertisement
Editor 's note : Dr. Anthony S. Fauci is director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health .
Dr. Anthony S. Fauci : Progress has been made in the fight against HIV / AIDS , but " our work is just beginning . "
( CNN ) --
When we commemorated the first World AIDS Day on December 1 , 1988 , we had little to celebrate .
The number of reported AIDS cases in the United States was nearing 80,000 and rising rapidly .
Untold thousands more in this country were living with the human immunodeficiency virus , or HIV .
Globally , AIDS cases already had been reported from more than 135 countries .
An AIDS tsunami clearly was looming , but we had few defenses at our disposal .
For those of us caring for people with AIDS , it was a dark time .
We had just one anti-HIV medicine in our pharmacies , AZT , a drug that the virus rapidly defeated by mutating and developing resistance .
Lacking other medicines to slow the relentless replication of HIV and its destruction of a person 's immune system , we did our best to help our patients by managing to the extent possible their AIDS - related infections and complications .
But the life span of most of the patients was measured in months .
Two decades later , much has changed .
An unprecedented research effort has led to more than two dozen anti-HIV drugs , more than for all other viral diseases combined .
Taken in proper combinations , these medications have dramatically improved the prognosis for people living with HIV by increasing their life span by at least a decade and providing the possibility of a normal life span with continued therapy .
Scientifically proven prevention approaches -- education and outreach to at - risk populations , voluntary HIV testing and counseling , condom distribution , prevention of HIV transmission from mother to baby , harm reduction approaches for drug abusers , mass - media campaigns and the screening of donated blood -- have been deployed with great success in the United States and many other countries .
Innovative programs such as the President 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief and the Global Fund for HIV / AIDS , Tuberculosis and Malaria , as well as the efforts of nongovernment organizations , have reached millions of people in low - and mid-income countries worldwide with HIV - related services , at a scale unimaginable a few years ago .
And gradually -- but too slowly -- we have begun addressing AIDS - related stigma in this country and abroad .
Much has been accomplished in the fight against HIV / AIDS from scientific , medical and public health standpoints .
However , now is no time to rest on our accomplishments or our laurels .
The statistics of the HIV / AIDS pandemic tell us that much more needs to be done .
Around the world , a staggering 2.7 million people were infected in 2007 alone .
Globally , 33 million people are living with HIV infection , most of them in the developing world .
In the United States , more than 1 million people are living with HIV .
And 56,000 more people are infected each year in the U.S. , driving HIV prevalence rates in some of our communities to levels that rival those seen in sub-Saharan Africa .
Gay and bisexual men , and African - Americans in general , are disproportionately affected .
The true ground zero of the HIV epidemic in the United States is in those communities .
What is the way forward ?
First , even in the face of a world economic crisis , the global community must scale up the delivery of proven HIV therapies and prevention services .
In low - and middle - income countries , less than one - third of people in need of anti-HIV therapy are receiving it , and only one in five people at risk of HIV infection have access to prevention services .
All around the world , access to HIV services -- and medical care in general -- remains a challenge in many poor communities .
The global community must sustain our commitment to investing resources for medicines , clinics , as well as training and salaries for doctors , nurses and community health care workers to provide care for HIV / AIDS and other diseases in the settings where they occur .
Here in the United States , more than one - fifth of people living with HIV are unaware of their infection and not receiving appropriate care for their own health or the prevention services that would help them avoid transmitting the virus to others .
A frequent scenario is that people learn of their infection status only when they have advanced symptoms of HIV disease , when their health may by irreparably damaged .
Now is the time for the medical community and policymakers to embrace U.S. guidelines for all Americans aged 13 - 64 to be voluntarily tested in routine medical care .
Barriers to implementation of HIV testing guidelines , such as state , local or agency regulations that conflict with the recommendations , variability in payment coverage for the test , and concerns about the stigma and discrimination that may accompany an HIV diagnosis , must be addressed .
Health Library MayoClinic.com : HIV / AIDS and immune systems
MayoClinic.com : HIV / AIDS and immune systems MayoClinic.com : HIV / AIDS
MayoClinic.com : HIV / AIDS MayoClinic.com : HIV testing recommended for ages 13 - 64
Meanwhile , we also must continue to invest in the next generation of treatment and prevention modalities .
Encouragingly , new means of preventing HIV infection are emerging from well - designed and well - implemented clinical research trials .
One exciting concept is pre-exposure prophylaxis or PrEP , giving preventive doses of anti-HIV drugs to individuals who are at an increased risk of HIV infection .
This still - experimental strategy is based on the concept that if HIV replication can be inhibited immediately following exposure to the virus , permanent infection might be thwarted .
Multiple clinical studies of PrEP are under way in the United States and in populations around the world .
Ongoing research to develop microbicidal gels or creams to be applied before sex offer the hope of people being able to protect themselves from HIV infection in situations where saying no to sex or insisting on condom use is not an option .
Finally , a preventive HIV vaccine remains the greatest hope for halting the relentless spread of HIV / AIDS .
We must solve the mystery of how to prompt the human body to produce a protective immune response against HIV , which natural infection with the virus seems unable to do .
Historically , it has taken decades to find effective vaccines to combat most infectious diseases .
Researchers usually experienced numerous setbacks and disappointments before reaching success , yet they persevered .
Finding a safe and effective HIV vaccine demands an equally intense resolve .
On this World AIDS Day , we should be proud of the many scientific advances that have been made in the fight against HIV / AIDS .
But it is hardly a time for self - congratulation .
Rather , we must understand that our work is just beginning .
Developing HIV interventions and delivering them to the people who need them will require scientific and public health vision , and dedication from all sectors of society , in good times and bad .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr. Anthony S. Fauci .
All About HIV and AIDS • National Institutes of Health
Friday Night Fukudome : Abreu vs. Dunn vs. Ibanez
Friday Night Fukudome : Abreu vs. Dunn vs. Ibanez
→
Mission creep :
the militarizing of America By Sam Smith THE REVIEW From the March 1996 issue of the Progressive Review MILITARY PERSONEL BEING USED TO SPY ON PROTESTERS IN THE NATION'S CAPITAL [ IMC ]
The nomination of General Barry McCaffrey as drug czar symbolizes the nation 's dramatic retreat from the principle of separation of military and civilian power .
It further demonstrates the degree to which the Posse Comitatus Act of 1878 -- which outlaws military involvement in civilian law enforcement -- is being ignored and undermined by both the drug warriors and the Clinton administration .
Disturbing as the McCaffrey appointment may be , however , it is only an unusually visible sign of something that has been going on quietly for a long time -- the military 's steady intrusion upon , and interference with , civilian America .
In order to avoid violation of the law , General McCaffrey has retired from the military , but he will not retire from his military contacts , philosophy , loyalty and access .
He is , after all , a man some thought in line to become the next chair of the Joint Chiefs of Staff .
General McCaffrey headed the US Southern Command , which provides military backup for American policy in Latin America -- a policy long linked with support of dictatorships , suppression of dissidents , human rights abuses , death squads as well as chronically ineffective and corrupt management of drug smuggling .
The price of this policy has been heavy : for example , over 100,000 people have been killed since 1960 in Guatemala , many of them by armed forces and police trained and supported by the US .
One former US ambassador to a Central American country says of Southcom , " I would n't even let them in the country " because Southcom would " inexorably militarize political problems . "
Today , he added , " very few countries outside of Central America welcome visits " from the commander of Southcom .
A Pentagon official describes Southcom 's role as " military to military diplomacy . "
Rather then functioning like an old - fashion colonial army -- " they 're not like the Bengal Lancers " -- they go in and work quietly with the local military to make sure the right elements are in charge and show them how to put down dissidents and how to interrogate .
The embassy military attaches are the point men in these operations .
McCaffrey came into conflict with the State Department in his attempts to gain authority over the attaches and run his own foreign policy .
Further , the Dallas Morning News reports that a year ago McCaffrey circulated a classified plan under which the military would assume direct control of the Latin American drug fight .
The idea " drew the wrath of civilian agencies from the Drug Enforcement Administration to the CIA .
It was a brash plan to fuse power now spread among dozens of agencies while raising the military from a limited support role .
The proposal quietly died . "
The Dallas paper noted that " colleagues widely describe [ McCaffrey ] as outspoken and strongwilled , a man whose self - esteem shone brightly even amid the white light of four - star egos . "
One drug enforcement official told US News & World Report that under McCaffrey , Southcom 's " idea of coordination was to brief you after their plan was fait accompli . "
In its announcement of McCaffrey 's drug czar appointment , the White House said :
He has spent his military career engaged in coordinated campaigns that are directed toward solutions and winning .
He will not tolerate bureaucratic turf wars or grandstanding on this critical issue .
While his career may have been directed towards solutions , it was a goal McCaffrey never reached at Southcom .
Southcom has gone through anti-smuggling strategies likes a Hollywood hooker through designer drugs .
As recently as two years ago , for example , the military dumped its touted reliance on AWAC planes .
Meanwhile the military virtually gave up on interdiction efforts in the Pacific .
One source told the International Defense Review that " the Pacific is just too big to monitor properly . "
The IDR also reported a shift towards attempting to stop drugs before they leave the source Latin American country : " The shift is due to a variety of factors , including the relatively low volume of drugs seized in transit ; US budgetary restraints and a variety of organizational and force structure changes .
. . "
In other words , it did n't work and it cost too much money .
But there is no evidence that the source country approach is any better .
One study found that such strategies were , in fact , seven times as costly as controlling demand through education and medication .
Furthermore , they do substantial damage to the stability and democracy of the targeted country .
Thirty religious , health , and human rights activists wrote Secretary of State Warren Christopher complaining about American trained and encouraged anti-narcotics operations in Bolivia .
The letter describes well the sort of drug policy fostered by Southcom and other US agencies :
Since mid-January , the Bolivian anti-narcotics police have undertaken massive sweeps in the Chapre , arbitrarily detaining over three hundred people .
Those detained are typically held several days and released without charges ; indeed , without even being presented to a judge . . .
Neither Bolivian law nor international human rights standards permit these warrantless arrests of individuals against whom there is no evidence of participation in criminal conduct .
The government is clearly using police powers to stifle lawful political opposition . . .
The Bolivian anti-narcotics efforts also continue to rely on special judicial procedures that violate fundamental due process considerations .
Under Bolivia 's Law 10008 , those who are formally charged with drug offenses -- no matter how minor -- are imprisoned without the possibility of pretrial release and must , even if acquitted , remain in prison until the trial court 's decision is reviewed by the Supreme Court , a process that takes years .
The US government provided funding for the salaries and expenses of special prosecutors for the anti-narcotics courts .
As the military zig and zags in its Latin American anti-drug tactics , these operations retain one common attribute : failure .
Between 1994 and 1995 , for example , coca leaf production rose seven percent in Bolivia , Colombia and Peru .
The drug trade continues so merrily along that the radio stations on the Mexican border are even mocking counter - drug efforts with ballads celebrating famed traffickers .
The model of a modern major general Rather than pointing out such facts , press reaction to the McCaffrey appointment has been overwhelmingly favorable .
This is perhaps not surprising .
The media is increasingly composed of journalists who have had no military experience and who see war as just another movie script , even if the battle is on our borders or in our own cities .
These new journalistic romanticists are easy prey for Pentagon flacks and the drug warriors .
Their understanding of such matters comes not from experience and history , but from Stalone and Schwarzenegger .
So badly was the Iraqi War covered , for example , that Americans still do n't know how many of the enemy were killed .
Or that the UN Food & Agriculture Organization found that over a half million Iraqi children may have died as a consequence of the economic sanctions we imposed after the conflict .
Meanwhile , in dangerous counterpoint , the American officer corps is increasingly composed of those who have had no democratic experience .
With the end of the draft and the professionalization of the services , the leavening effect of reserve and national guard troops has greatly diminished .
Further , officers like Colin Powell and Barry McCaffrey earned their spurs and their medals almost entirely in the defense of non-democratic regimes -- from troglodytic sheiks in the Gulf to corrupt generals in Vietnam to drug- pushers in Latin America .
The untold truth is that the post - WW2 American military has n't that much to be proud of .
It fought to a draw in Korea , was humiliated in Vietnam , removed a drug dealer from Panama but left all his peers and all the drugs , slunk off from Somalia and was careful not to hang around too long in Haiti .
As for the Gulf -- well , Bush and Thatcher were ousted from office in its wake , but not , unfortunately , the intended target .
The one place where the modern American military has been successful is right here in the US , where it has long occupied much of the budget and captured many of the politicians .
The sanctity of defense spending is so taken for granted that cutting it was hardly mentioned in the recent budget debates .
Like any good army , the troops have secured their own base first , moving quietly into key civilian posts at the Pentagon .
Says one official , " They want to fill the DOD jobs with industry people but the pay is n't high enough , so they get military .
The military is willing to whore for industry . "
The latter , in turn , gladly hires them upon retirement .
Many of these officers are part of an over - staffed brass brigade that developed in the wake of the Cold War and which helped to gobble up the " peace dividend . "
With their seepage into civilian billets , an important protection against a military takeover -- direct civilian control of the military -- is quietly and steadily being eroded .
Perhaps all this is n't so surprising when one examines the real metier of a modern major general .
It is not , after all , fighting wars -- for there does n't exist an enemy capable of challenging us .
The US defense budget is 120 times the combined strength of the nine next biggest military spenders , and 1,600 times that of six adversarial favorites : Cuba , Syria , Iran , Iraq , North Korea and Libya .
In truth , the modern major general 's trade consists of occupying , managing and manipulating weak and disorganized small countries , not infrequently primarily for domestic political reasons .
This is the trade for which Powell and McCaffrey were trained and helps explains why each feels comfortable in domestic politics .
Where easier to practice the civil and psychological operations they mastered than right here at home ?
After all , what is the war on drugs but " low intensity " or " non-conventional " warfare ?
If a Pentagon memo can label Israel a " non-traditional adversary , " then why not our own inner cities as well ?
We 're all Northern Ireland now .
The quiet creep
The McCaffrey nomination also follows a dramatic increase in the use of the military and its resources , especially the National Guard , in domestic law enforcement -- from Waco to Ruby Ridge to the inner city .
It also follows greater intrusion of the military into high schools , the use of troops on the Mexican border for the first time in modern history and sporadic proposals to involve the Army in everything from inner city works projects to concentration camps for first time drug offenders .
Bill Clinton , who has rarely seen a civil liberty worth standing up for , even submitted legislation last year that would have virtually overturned the Posse Comitatus Act .
His bill would have allowed the military to provide " technical assistance " to civilian law enforcement , a term Clinton himself defined as including " conducting searches , taking evidence , and disarming and disabling individuals . "
So awful was this measure that even Casper Weinberger and Sam Nunn objected .
As the director of the Florida ACLU , Robbyn E. Blumner , wrote in the St Petersburg Times : Throughout history and around the world , involvement by the armed forces in civilian law enforcement is one of the trademarks of a repressive regime .
Yet the administration 's proposals would chip away at the wall that separates the two and , by that action , greatly enhance the power of the presidency .
In the wrong hands , the results could be devastating to freedom .
Much of the military 's intrusion has been accomplished without public notice .
For example , the Pentagon has greatly expanded JROTC programs .
Last year , the American Friends Service Committee found retired military personnel teaching approximately 310,000 students , ages 14 and up , in about 2200 high schools ( with another 700 on the docket ) .
As the AFSC pointed out : Public schooling strives to promote respect for other cultures , critical thinking and basic academic skills in a safe environment .
In contrast , JROTC introduces guns into the schools , promotes authoritarian values , uses rote learning methods , and consigns much student time to learning drill , military history and protocol , which have little relevance outside the military .
It pays off , though , for the Pentagon .
Although the JROTC denies it is engaged in recruiting , 45 % of all cadets completing the program sign up , mostly as enlisted personnel .
AFSC also found that JROTC programs are more often found in schools with a high proportion of non-white students -- now providing 54 % of all cadets -- and in non-affluent schools .
And what are these cadets being taught ?
Says the report : A comparison of the JROTC curriculum and two widely used civilian high school civics and history textbooks demonstrates that the JROTC curriculum falls well below accepted pedagogical standards .
Units on citizenship and history are strikingly different from standard civil texts on these subjects .
For example , . . . the JROTC text portrays citizenship as being primarily achieved through military service , provides only a short discussion of civil rights ; and downplays the importance of civilian control of the military .
. . .
In comparison to the civilian history text , historical events in the JROTC curriculum are distorted . .
History is described as a linear series of accomplishments by soldiers , while the progress engendered by regular citizens is marginalized .
America 's wars are treated as having been inevitable .
While it claims to provide leadership training with broad relevance , in fact the JROTC curriculum defines leadership as respect for constituted authority and the chain of command , rather than as critical thinking and democratic consensus - building . . .
Finally , the text encourages the reader to rely uncritically on the military as a source of self - esteem and guidance .
Further , at a time that schools are trying desperately to discourage violence , the JROTC is teaching students how to kill more effectively .
It is also teaching them -- in a text that addresses the " Indian menace " that " Fortunately the government policy of pushing the Indians farther West , then wiping them out , was carried out successfully .
" Colin Powell 's army
And just where did the idea come from for the expansion of military indoctrination in our high schools ?
From none other than that very media model of a major modern general : Colin Powell .
Following the LA uprising in 1992 , writes Steven Stycos in the Providence Phoenix , the chair of the Joint Chiefs of Staff " proposed a massive expansion of the program .
Powell urged the new units be targeted to inner-city youth as an alternative to drug use and gang membership . "
In New England the number of students involved nearly tripled .
Was Powell seeking citizen officers to balance the academy - trained military ?
Absolutely not .
The JROTC students are grunt - fodder .
Besides , while referring to ROTC as " vital to democracy , " Powell closed 62 college - based ROTC units during this same period .
The inevitable result was that the proportion of academy - trained officers rose and the role of the citizen - officer diminished .
You may recall that Powell was the man whom the media pushed for president , depicting him as in the mold of Dwight Eisenhower .
The media forgot to tell us that while Eisenhower warned of a growing military - industrial complex , Powell has been one of its biggest beneficiaries and boosters .
While Eisenhower fought to restore democracy , Powell fought to preserve sheikdoms .
While the Eisenhower - era military followed the wartime orders of strong civilian leaders like Churchill and Roosevelt , the Powell - era military wo n't even follow Bill Clinton 's orders in peacetime .
While Eisenhower was part of a unique military demobilization after the Second World War , Powell was among those who prevented demobilization after the Cold War .
On top of which he wants kids to know that the Indians were a menace .
Taking charge of the drug war
One might further ask just when it became the business of the chair of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to set policy on drugs and urban gangs , but in today 's Washington the question wo n't produce more than a shrug .
Thus when , upon McCaffrey 's appointment , Clinton transferred $ 250 million from the Pentagon to the drug czar 's office , no one took notice .
The accounts are already heavily commingled .
Browsing DOD literature makes this clear .
For example , there is the Manual for Civil Emergencies that says it applies not only to the various branches of the military services but serves as a reference for other Federal , State and local agencies on how the Department of Defense supports civil authorities and DOD assets can be used to support civilian leadership priorities in returning their communities to a state of " normalcy . "
Those are DOD 's quote marks around the last word -- a reminder that what may be normal to a general may not seem normal to an ordinary citizen .
You have to watch the language carefully .
For example , the manual defines hazards as " natural or man caused events , including , without limitation , civil disturbances , that may result in major disasters or emergencies . "
And what are civil disturbances ? : " Riots , acts of violence , insurrections , unlawful obstructions or assemblages , group acts of violence and disorder prejudicial to public law and order . . . "
In short , words are so broadly defined as to mean almost anything the Pentagon wants them to mean -- right down to a noisy crowd at the street corner .
As Mort Sahl once pointed out , a federal conspiracy is now defined as " whenever two or three are gathered together . "
Another unnerving manual is the resource guide for the 1994 Counterdrug Managers ' Course at the National Interagency Counterdrug Institute at Camp San Luis Obispo CA .
In it we learn that among the problems ordinary cops may face is that " the vast DOD bureaucracy will overwhelm the requesting law enforcement agency . "
The manual adds reassuringly , " To date such fears have proven to be unfounded .
DOD has not become a law enforcement agency . .
There is , however , much that DOD can do without usurping a police role . "
A few pages on , however , the manual lists what some of these things are :
In appropriate cases , armed forces personnel and equipment will be detailed directly to law enforcement agencies to assist in the fight .
The Department of Defense will be prepared to assist the Department of Justice with its responsibilities for incarceration and rehabilitation of drug criminals , through means such as training federal , state , and local personnel in the conduct of rehabilitation - oriented training camps for first - offense drug abuses and providing overflow facilities for incarceration of those convicted of drug crimes .
[ DOD will ] arrange for assigning military personal to federal drug law enforcement agencies and the ONDCP [ the office of the drug czar ] to perform liaison , training , and planning functions as appropriate to assist in implementation of the National Drug Control Strategy and the DOD guidance for implementation of that strategy .
[ DOD will ] review the potential for DOD to provide temporary overflow facilities , upon the request of appropriate federal , state , or local authorities , for incarceration of individuals convicted of drug crimes .
Verbal shell games are being played here .
On the one hand , the Defense Department is declared not to be a law enforcement agency ; on the other , its personnel and equipment " will be detailed directly to law enforcement agencies to assist in the fight . "
Such postmodern linguistic mush is a key part of the camouflage used to conceal the military 's mission creep .
For example , the Navy is prohibited by the Posse Comitatus Act from engaging in domestic law enforcement , so the Coast Guard gets around this by hoisting a Coast Guard flag on any naval vessel it wants to use .
The ship thereupon becomes a Coast Guard vessel -- for the sole purpose of circumventing the law .
Of particular concern to anyone wishing to retain a democracy in the US are the oblique references to concentration camps for drug offenders .
To be sure , the manual prefers Maoist phraseology -- " rehabilitation - oriented training camps " -- but it means the same thing .
This idea may have been launched some years back by a former high US drug official named Robert Dupont , who proposed in the Washington Post that there be mandatory drugs tests for those attending school or getting a driver 's license .
Those who failed drug tests repeatedly would be incarcerated in " large temporary health shelters . "
There would be some invasion of privacy and civil rights , the doctor admitted , but " this is a price we would need to pay for life in a modern , interdependent community . "
The concentration camps , the manual notes , could also be used to provide " temporary overflow facilities . . . for incarceration of those convicted of drug crimes " at the request of " appropriate " officials .
Both Dupont and the manual use the word temporary .
Does this refer to the quality of the gulags ' construction or to the transitory nature of their need ?
And if the latter , then what precisely are the conditions under which temporary overflow facilities would be required ?
One thing history teaches us is that drug use rises and falls in a stately fashion ; there are no sudden mass LSD binges or waves of ecstasy parties that sweep the nation .
On the other hand , what can change rather rapidly is the government 's desire and willingness to lock persons up -- such as under martial law .
Finally , the manual indicates that not only are military personnel assigned to the drug czar but that the nation 's domestic drug strategy is subject to " DOD guidance for implementation of that strategy . "
In other words , under McCaffrey our drug program will be run by a general , aided by military personnel , funded by military dollars and guided by military policy .
In short , it is not unlike the sort of arrangement McCaffrey 's Southcom has worked out for places like Bolivia and Colombia .
Our cities have become just another third world country to keep under the military 's control .
The handwriting has been on the wall for a long time .
In speaking before the 1991 National Guard Association Conference , Lt. General John B. Conaway , Chief of the National Guard Bureau , said : Our commander in chief has declared war on drugs .
Our mission as America 's National Guard in this war is clear : make America drug - free in as short a time as possible using any means necessary no matter what the cost .
So between January and August of the following year , the National Guard made nearly 20,000 arrests , searched 120,000 cars and searched over 1200 buildings .
Said one National Guard official , " The National Guard is America 's legally feasible attitude - change agent . "
The regular Army , however , was anxious to get in the act as well .
Lt. Gen. J. H. Bindford Peay III , the chief of staff for operations and plans , asserted in an Army publication a few years back that military forces are required for such purposes as internal peacekeeping , anti-drug operations and support of civil authorities to maintain stability in a rapidly changing America .
Said Peay :
We can look forward to the day when our Congress repeals the Posse Comitatus Act and allows the Army to lend its full strength towards making America drug - free .
And Inside the Pentagon quoted the commander - in - chief of the US Special Operations Command saying in a speech : [ Drugs are ] the greatest threat that is out there . . .
We 've got to get our stuff together .
The battle is not going to be won in the source countries or in the transit countries .
The battle is going to be won here in the United States and we better start doing something about it .
Major General Barry McCaffrey reporting for duty , Sir. Such dreams have been partly realized without even bothering to repeal the troublesome Posse Comitatus Act .
Thus we now find Army reservists working with the Georgia Bureau of Investigation in anti-pot forays .
Said one Army official :
We want the public to become more aware of what we 're doing .
This is an ongoing war on our soil .
We want people to see the Army involved in a war right here -- a war against drugs . . .
We 're fighting a war in our own hometowns -- a war we 'll fight every day until , finally , we win .
Over - flights and litterbugs Considerable benefits accrue to those civilian law enforcement agencies that kowtow to the military .
For example , AP has reported that the Pentagon intends to give police departments 2,000 of its helicopters over the next few years .
On the other hand , when Arizona Governor Fyfe Symington spoke of using the state national guard to keep the Grand Canyon open during the recent budget crisis , the Pentagon went on alert and prepared to federalized the Arizona militia if necessary to prevent any such residual display of states rights .
Of course , bringing the might of the Pentagon to bear on recalcitrant pot planters is not quite as heroic as defeating the Evil Empire .
And it can have some peculiar results .
For example , citizens in Monterey County CA have been complaining about a US Marine invasion of the Los Padres National Forest and nearby private lands .
These incursions are part of Operation Alliance run by a intergovernmental " coordination center " that handles military - civilian actions in California , New Mexico , Arizona and Texas .
The operation is under the control of Joint Task Force 6 in El Paso , which according to a Forest Service memo , " is now scheduled to handle all military drug raids done thru local law enforcement in the lower 48 states and Puerto Rico .
The Forest Service gets military support by going through Operation Alliance . "
( All military drug raids ?
Apparently no one has told the Forest Service that the Pentagon is not a law enforcement agency . )
For example , Mission JT - 105- 96 carried out " approximately October 5 through October 31 , 1995 " included : Military over - flights and photography of National Forest Service land Aerial reconnaissance about 500 ' from the ground , but allowing aircraft as low as 100 ' for " confirmation " and as low as 75 ' for " inserting and extracting military personnel via rappel , fast - rope and spy operation . "
" Listening / observation posts on National Forest and National Forest Wilderness areas " and " overnight bivouac . "
Landing aircraft in the wilderness area in emergencies .
A situation report from one of the Marine teams described finding a " garden " and then tracing the waterlines to it .
Later that afternoon a jogger wandered into their midst .
They gave him a drink of water and lied to him about their purpose , claiming that they were training .
On October 15th Team
Two was discovered by a woman on horseback who was clearly not pleased to find them .
They repeated their lie about training .
She said she feared for her daughter 's safety and that they had trespassed and broken a water main .
She also blew the whistle on the operation when she got back to safety .
Soon thereafter both Congressman Sam Farr and the Monterey Herald called and the " mission was compromised . "
There were other complaints .
An investigative report cited allegations made by concerned residents that this patrol had established a campfire , littered , defecated and left soiled toilet paper in an exposed condition in the watershed that supplies water to several homes .
The investigator found the allegations were true but happily had not occurred on private property .
The Civil Liberties Monitoring Project , formed by local citizens twelve years ago when the first assaults began , counted 100 complaints of invasions of privacy and illegal searches in 1995 .
There was also " a surprising amount of damage from helicopters . "
According to CLMP : Helicopters overflights are often conducted at or near tree - top level ( say 150 ' from the ground ) despite an agreement by law enforcement to maintain a 500 ' height except when actually landing or taking off .
The noise from these low flights is incredibly loud , causing much disturbance to wildlife , domestic animals and of course , human beings .
A sudden loud noise from above triggers fight or flight response in most birds and animals .
Much of the injury to animals is impossible to document in a largely forested rural area like the Mateel , but we have documented the deadly injury to a horse , death of a deer and its fawns , stampeding of cattle and destruction of eggs and young birds in the nest at several commercial aviaries .
This latest effect is especially disturbing as we have several endangered species of birds in our forests including the spotted owl .
Adults can generally handle the effects of overflights .
They get angry , call their congressperson , call the local sheriff , and make complaints .
They document their grievances with us .
This reduces the long - term effects upon them , if you do n't count a deep and abiding distrust of law enforcement and government in general .
Two groups cannot handle the psychological effects well , however .
They are children and Vietnam vets with flashback problems .
We have documented cases of children becoming fearful of going outside , where they had previously enjoyed gardening with their parents ; of nightmares about helicopters , and similar effects . . .
Vietnam vets flashbacks are well known , and we are seeing them here .
In the worst case the vet was simply advised by his doctor to abandon his home and leave the area until the raids ended .
Military lurkers
One of the ways the military conducts its domestic version of psychological and civil operations is to spy on American citizens .
As far back the early 40s , for example , Army intelligence kept tabs on the likes of organizer Saul Alinsky .
The practice blossomed with the civil rights and peace movements , possibly even , in the view of some investigators , including direct involvement of Army agents in the assassination of Martin Luther King Jr. Today , the practice continues albeit in modern garb .
According to the Computer Fraud and Security Bulletin , the National Security Agency is already spying on the Internet by " sniffing " data at key router and gateways hosts .
NSA is also said to have made deals with Microsoft , Lotus and Netscape to prevent anonymous e-mail or encryption systems on the Net .
And last July , Charles Swett , who works for the Pentagon office handling " special operations and low intensity conflict " wrote an internal memo titled : Strategic Assessment : The Internet .
The report , uncovered by the Federation of American Scientists , provides an overview of the Internet , particularly its usefulness for spying on both Americans and foreigners and for spreading disinformation during psychological operations .
Of course , Swett did n't use those words , so to be absolutely fair let 's quote the man :
The Internet could also be used offensively as an additional medium in psychological operations campaigns and to help achieve unconventional warfare objectives .
Used creatively as an integral asset , the Internet can facilitate many DOD operations and activities .
. .
The Internet is a potentially lucrative source of intelligence useful to DOD .
The intelligence can include . . . information about the plans and operations of politically active groups .
Networks of human sources with access to the Internet could be developed in areas of security concern to the US , and these sources could be oriented to seek specific needed information .
If contracted and managed correctly , such a system could be much more responsive and efficient than the current complex , unwieldy , intelligence tasking and collection processes we must use .
If it became widely known that DOD were monitoring Internet traffic for intelligence or counterintelligence purposes , individuals with personal agendas or political purposes in mind , or who enjoy playing pranks , would deliberately enter false or misleading messages .
Our analysis function would need to account for this .
A great deal of " brain power " exists on the Internet , and if it could be harnessed and channeled for productive purposes , it might be a useful addition to DOD 's informational and political assets .
Any such use , of course , would have to be protected by appropriate security measures .
It would be possible to employ the Internet as an additional medium for Psychological Operations ( Psyops ) campaigns .
E-mail conveying the US perspective on issues and events could be efficiently and rapidly disseminated to a very wide audience .
DOD intelligence agencies should investigate the role of the Internet in helping coordinate the operations of political activists and paramilitary groups in regions of interest .
The Internet should be incorporated in our Psyops planning as an additional medium .
Means of employing the Internet offensively in support of our unconventional warfare objectives should be employed .
While the talents of civ ops and pys ops could be clearly quickly turned from third world lands to our own , Swett specifically declares that his recommendations " should be carried out only in full compliance with the letter and the spirit of the law , and without violating the privacy of American citizens . "
Yet Swett himself sets a poor example .
After all , he has already been spying on us .
And his report gives a strong sense of what the forthcoming dossiers of the Pentagon 's Internet strategic assessment office will look like .
For example , he sees as " startling " the use of the Internet to organize against the Contract with America with its charges that it , in effect is encouraging " class war , race war , gender war , and generational war . "
He lumps as fringe groups the white supremacist National Alliance , the Michigan Militia , National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws , Earth First , and People for Ethical Treatment of Animals .
He quotes from the Wall Street Journal : Fringe groups are increasingly going on - line , gathering converts and seeking validation on the Internet .
The network 's far - flung links and low - cost communications are a boon to backwater groups that can't afford to use direct mail to make their pitches . . .
The more a group is shut out of the mainstream , the more likely it is to go on - line .
Swett takes particular interest in the Institute for Global Communications and the Association for Progressive Communications , which he describes as " largest and most active international political groups using the Internet . "
He calls IGC / APC ( used by the Review among tens of thousands of others in the US and elsewhere ) as " clearly a left - wing political organization . "
And he informs his Pentagon colleagues that its conferences addresse subjects such as : Lists of companies and / or products to be considered for a boycott . . .
State security activities , surveillance , tapping The Left List Aid in the planning and execution of campaigns to end the nuclear weapons era .
Information relevant to the campaign opposing US military bases in Australia and the Asian - Pacific region .
News , announcements and information from War Resisters International , on all aspects of anti-militarist and nonviolent action worldwide .
Information and discussion regarding the anarchist and anti-authoritarian movement and non-hierarchical organizing .
Alarmed by all this , Swett shows the spook 's unique perspective on matters political , lumping anti-authoritarian movements and non-hierarchical organizing as among the threats the Pentagon should keep its eye on .
He also notes that " groups of conspiracy theorists exchange e-mail explaining their often bizarre theories about conspiracies conducted by the US government in general and DOD in particular . "
If this all sounds a tad familiar ; it is .
Only the source material back then was hard copy and it was deposited not on hard disk at the Pentagon but in the files of J. Edgar Hoover .
Roots
The military 's extraordinary role in contemporary civilian life can be traced back at least to the Carter administration .
In a July 1983 series in the San Francisco Examiner , two - time Pulitzer Prize winner Knut Royce reported that a presidential directive had been drafted by a few Carter administration personnel in 1979 to allow the military to take control of the government for 90 days in the event of an emergency .
A caveat on page one of the directive said , " Keeping the government functioning after a nuclear war is a secret , costly project that detractors claim jeopardizes US traditions and saves a privileged few . "
According to Royce there was a heated debate within the Carter administration as to just what constituted an " emergency . "
The issue arose again during the Iran - Contra affair , but even in the wake of all the copy on that scandal , the public got little sense of how far some America 's soldiers of fortune were willing to go to achieve their ends .
When the Iran - Contra hearings came close to the matter , chair Senator Inouye backed swiftly away .
Here is an excerpt from those hearings .
Oliver North is at the witness table : REP BROOKS : Colonel North , in your work at the NSC , were you not assigned , at one time , to work on plans for the continuity of government in the event of a major disaster ?
BRENDAN SULLIVAN : Mr. Chairman ?
SEN INOUYE : I believe that question touches upon a highly sensitive and classified area so may I request that you not touch on that .
REP BROOKS : I was particularly concerned , Mr. Chairman , because I read in Miami papers , and several others , that there had been a plan developed by that same agency , a contingency plan in the event of emergency , that would suspend the American constitution .
And I was deeply concerned about it and wondered if that was the area in which he had worked .
I believe that it was and I wanted to get his confirmation .
SEN INOUYE ; May I most respectfully request that that matter not be touched upon at this stage .
If we wish to get into this , I 'm certain arrangements can be made for an executive session
With few exceptions , the media ignored what well could be the most startling revelation to have come out of the Iran / Contra affair , namely that high officials of the US government were planning a possible military / civilian coup .
First among the exceptions was the Miami Herald , which on July 5 , 1987 , ran the story to which Jack Brooks referred .
The article , by Alfonzo Chardy , revealed Oliver North 's involvement in plans for the Federal Emergency Management Agency to take over federal , state and local functions during an ill - defined national emergency .
THE CONSTITUTION
& NATIONAL EMERGENCIES
The Constitution does not directly address the question of what should happen in the midst of a major national catastrophe .
But neither does it give the slightest support to notions of turning matters over to non-elected civilian or military officials with plenary powers .
The best guide is to be found in Amendment
Ten which states that the powers of the federal government are those delegated to it by the states and the people .
The states and the people have not delegated the power of martial law .
Thus in a true crisis ( such as a nuclear attack ) the answer seems quite plain : the country would be run as a loose confederation of fifty states until a legitimate federal government could be re-established .
In the interim , the highest officials in the land would be the governors .
According to Chardy , the plan called for ' suspension of the Constitution , turning control of the government over to the Federal Management Agency , emergency appointment of military commanders to run state and local governments and declaration of martial law . '
The proposal appears to have forgotten that Congress , legislatures and the judiciary even existed .
In a November 18 , 1991 story , the New York Times elaborated : Acting outside the Constitution in the early 1980s , a secret federal agency established a line of succession to the presidency to assure continued government in the event of a devastating nuclear attack , current and former United States officials said today .
The program was called " Continuity of Government . "
In the words of a recent report by the Fund for Constitutional Government , 1 " succession or succession - by - designation would be implemented by unknown and perhaps unelected persons who would pick three potential successor presidents in advance of an emergency .
These potential successors to the Oval Office may not be elected , and they are not confirmed by Congress .
According to CNN , the list eventually grew to 17 names and included Howard Baker , Richard Helms , Jeanne Kirkpatrick James Schlesinger , Richard Thornberg , Edwin Meese , Tip O'Neil , and Richard Cheney .
The plan was not even limited to a nuclear attack but included any " national security emergency " which was defined as :
Any occurrence , including natural disaster , military attack , technological or other emergency , that seriously degrades or seriously threatens the national security of the United States .
This bizarre scheme was dismissed in many Washington quarters as further evidence of the loony quality of the whole Iran / contra affair .
One FEMA official called it a lot of crap while a representative for Attorney General Meese described it as ' bullshit . "
The problem is that there is a long history of compatibility between madness and totalitarian takeovers , Adolph Hitler being a prime but far from lone example .
Further , there is plenty of evidence in this case that the planning was far more than simply an off - the - wall brainstorm .
At least one report found that the US Army had even gone so far as to draft a legal document providing justifications for martial law .
Nor was the planning limited to crises involving the total breakdown of society as in the aftermath of a nuclear attack .
Among the justifiable uses of martial law were " national opposition to a US military invasion abroad " and widespread internal .
dissent .
At least one high government official took the plan seriously enough to vigorously oppose it .
In a August 1984 letter to NSC chair Robert McFarlane , Attorney General William French Smith wrote : I believe that the role assigned to the Federal Emergency Management Agency in the revised Executive Order exceeds its proper function as a coordinating agency for emergency preparedness . . .
This department and others have repeatedly raised serious policy and legal objections to the creation of an ' emergency czar ' role for FEMA .
FEMA was clearly out of control .
Another memo , written in 1982 to then FEMA director Louis Giuffrida and given only tightly restricted circulation even within the agency , made this astonishing assertion :
Over the long term , the peacetime action programs of FEMA and other departments and agencies have the effect of making the conceivable need for military takeover less and less as time goes by .
A fully implemented civil defense program may not now be regarded as a substitute for martial law , nor could it be so marketed , but if successful in its execution it could have that effect .
The memo essentially proposed that the American people would rather be taken over by FEMA than by the military .
When those are the options on the table , you know you 're in trouble .
The head of FEMA until 1985 , General Louis Giuffrida , also once wrote a paper on the Legal Aspects of Managing Disorders .
Here is some of what he said :
No constitution , no statute or ordinance can authorize Martial Rule .
[ It commences ] upon a determination ( not a declaration ) by the senior military commander that the civil government must be replaced because it is no longer functioning anyway . . .
The significance of Martial Rule in civil disorders is that it shifts control from civilians and to the military completely and without the necessity of a declaration , proclamation or other form of public manifestation . . .
As stated above , Martial Rule is limited only by the principle of necessary force .
Those words come from a time when Giuffrida was the head of then - Governor Reagan 's California Specialized Training Institute , a National Guard school .
It was not , for Giuffrida , a new thought .
In 1970 he had written a paper for the Army War College in which he called for martial law in case of a national uprising by black militants .
Among his ideas were " assembly centers or relocation camps " for at least 21 million " American Negroes . "
During 1968 and 1972 , Reagan ran a series of war games in California called Cable Splicer , which involved the Guard , state and local police , and the US Sixth Army .
Details of this operation were reported in 1975 in a story by Ron Ridenour of the New Times , an Arizona alternative paper , and later exhumed by Dave Lindorff in the Village Voice .
Cable Splicer , it turned out , was a training exercise for martial law .
The man in charge was none other than Edwin Meese , then Reagan 's executive secretary .
At one point , Meese told the Cable Splicer combatants :
This is an operation , this is an exercise , this is an objective which is going forward because in the long run . . . it is the only way that will be able to prevail [ against anti-war protests . ]
Addressing the kickoff of Cable Splicer , Governor Reagan told some 500 military and police officers :
You know , there are people in the state who , if they could see this gathering right now and my presence here , would decide their worst fears and convictions had been realized -- I was planning a military takeover .
The Reaganites were not , however , the only ones with such thoughts .
Consider this from a NSC directive written by Frank Carlucci in 1981 : Normally a state of martial law will be proclaimed by the President .
However , in the absence of such action by the President , a senior military commander may impose martial law in an area of his command where there had been a complete breakdown in the exercise of government functions by local civilian authorities .
The military coup of 2012
To those who would dismiss all the foregoing as the fantasies of a paranoid conspiracy theorist , I fully understand .
Such are our times , such is the propaganda in which our minds swim , that the real can frequently , almost inevitably , seem but a mirage .
But how about this ?
In the winter 1992 issue of Parameters , the quarterly of the US Army College , there appeared an article by Lt. Col. Charles J. Dunlap Jr. USAF Dunlap was a graduate of St. Joseph's University , Villanova School of Law , the Armed Forces Staff College , and a distinguished graduate of the National War College .
In 1992 he was named by the Judge Advocates Association as the USAF 's outstanding career armed services attorney .
In short , not your average paranoid conspiracy theorist .
Dunlap 's article was called The Origins of the American Military Coup of 2012 .
In it , he pretends to be writing to a fellow military colleague in 2012 , explaining how the coup had occurred .
With eerie precision he described America 's current state : America became exasperated with democracy .
We were disillusioned with the apparent inability of elected government to solve the nation 's dilemmas .
We were looking for someone or something that could produce workable answers .
The one institution of government in which the people retained faith was the military .
2
Buoyed by the military 's obvious competence in the First Gulf War , the public increasingly turned to it for solutions to the country 's problems .
Americans called for an acceleration of trends begun in the 1980s : tasking the military with a variety of new , non-traditional missions , and vastly escalating its commitment to formerly ancillary duties .
Though not obvious at the time , the cumulative effect of these new responsibilities was to incorporate the military into the political process to an unprecedented degree .
Dunlap quoted one of Washington 's journalistic cherubs , James Fallows , in a 1991 article : I am beginning to think that the only way the national government can do anything worthwhile is to invent a security threat and turn the job over to the military . . .
The military , strangely , is the one government institution that has been assigned legitimacy to act on its notion of the collective good .
Dunlap recounted the slow attrition of civilian independence from the military :
In 1981 Congress passed a bill , the Military Cooperation with Civilian Law Enforcement Agencies
Act " specifically intended to force reluctant military commanders to actively collaborate in police work .
By 1992 , combating drugs had been declared a " high national security mission . "
By this same time , the military had become deeply involved in environmental cleanup , and would regularly show up in uniform in high crime areas .
The balance of power between the various services was being undermined by an emphasis on " jointness , " thus weakening an internal check on the military .
Dunlap then imagined what might happen next :
Other problems were transformed into " national security " issues .
As more commercial airlines went bankrupt and unprofitable air routes were dropped , the military was called upon to provide " essential " air transport to the affected regions .
In the name of national defense , the military next found itself in the sealift business .
. . . The nations ' crumbling infrastructure was also declared a " national security threat . "
As was proposed back in 1991 , troops rehabilitated pubic housing , rebuilt bridges and roads , and constructed new government buildings . . . .
Voices in both Congress and the military had reached a crescendo calling for military involvement across a broad spectrum of heretofore civilian activities .
Soon , it became common in practically every community to see crews of soldiers working on local projects .
Military attire drew no stares .
Not so long ago , Stephen Rosenfeld of the Washington Post wrote a bizarre and scary column praising one of the Army 's advocates of Dunlap 's bad dream .
Rosenfeld described US Army Major Ralph Peters this way :
At home , use of the military appears inevitable to him -- though not yet to an American consensus -- " at least on our borders and in some urban environments " . . .
He deplores our military 's reluctance to join the war on drugs , which he attributes to a fear of failure .
He would dutifully prepare for the traditionally ' military ' missions , plus the new one of missile defense .
But he would be ready to engage with drugs and crime , terrorism , peacekeeping , illegal immigration , disease control , resource protection , evacuation of endangered citizens . . .
What Dunlap was described and Peters advocated was not a bold military stroke against the civilian government , but simply a coup by attrition .
Wrote Dunlap :
By the year 2000 the armed forces had penetrated many vital aspects of American society .
More and more military officers sought the kind of autonomy in these civilian affairs that they would expect from their military superiors in the execution of traditional combat operations . . .
They convinced themselves that they could more productively serve the nation in carrying out their new assignments if they accrued to themselves unfettered power to implement their programs .
By 2012 , it was all over .
Col .
Dunlap 's calculations are that we have about 16 years to come up with an alternative approach .
And he may be a bit optimistic .
1
The author is on the board of the Fund for Constitutional Government but did not work on this report .
2
This remains true .
A recent poll showed that 47 % of Americans have a great deal of confidence in the military .
The Supreme Court , colleges and medicine were lumped at about 30 % and every other majori institution lagged far behind .
Only 15 % have high condidence in the white House and only 10 % in Congress .
Topping off the trifecta of cute and cuddly kitty cats are the rare and spectacular Pallas ' Cats .
These three were born in July at the Bramble Park Zoo in Watertown , South Dakota .
The Zoo is especially proud of these curious little creatures because it has been trying to breed them for years .
Well , congratulations !
Can I have one ?
Pallas ’ cats are small brown - spotted cats a little larger than a large house cat .
They are found in Central Asian Steppes at elevations of up to 13,000 ft .
The cats are highly endangered and are very difficult to breed in captivity , and have young survive , due to disease .
" After several years , we have done it and have three viable offspring that are soon to go on to another zoo . "
These offspring are then scheduled to breed once they are mature .
The zoo has been participating in a global Species Survival Plan program for this species for about 4 years .
This past year , the female gave birth in April , but neither of the offspring survived .
" After the kittens did not survive , we put the male and female together again and assumed we had to wait until next year for another litter . "
To everyone 's surprise , on July 4th , she gave birth again .
Up until this birth , it was thought that this species had a very small breeding season and when it was missed , it was missed for the year .
" Now that we know different , it means many more cats could be bred in captivity .
We have contributed not only cats , but valuable information to the program .
Of course this is good news for the entire species ! "
Bramble Park Zoo is a 20 acre AZA accredited zoo in northeaster South Dakota .
An international panel of physicians — appointed by the Catholic Church to identify “ miracles ” at Lourdes , the French “ healing ” shrine — has announced it will end the practice .
In 1858 , at Lourdes in the French Pyrenees , fourteen - year - old Bernadette Soubirous ( 1844 — 1879 ) claimed to see apparitions of the Virgin Mary , who directed her to the spring in the rear of a grotto .
Soon , rumors of miraculous healings there spread .
In 1933 the late visionary was canonized as St. Bernadette , although she herself had failed to be aided by the spring ’s alleged powers .
Sickly as a child , she was bedridden for the last years of her life and died at just thirty - five years of age .
The medical bureau of Lourdes was founded in 1884 and has since recognized sixty - seven “ miracle ” cures at the site — a pathetically small number given that millions make pilgrimages there each year .
Miracle , it must be said , is neither a scientific term nor concept .
Since the Lourdes claims are derived from those cases said to be “ medically inexplicable , ” claimants are engaging in a logical fallacy called “ arguing from ignorance ” — that is , drawing a conclusion based on a lack of knowledge .
Indeed , some of the bureau ’s certifications have been branded as vague and unscientific .
Moreover , many cases have alternate explanations .
For instance , some illnesses such as multiple sclerosis are known to exhibit spontaneous remission .
Other reputed cures may be attributable to such factors as misdiagnosis , prior medical treatment , psychosomatic conditions , the body ’s own healing mechanisms , and so on .
Also , some types of healings never occur at Lourdes , as indicated by the comment of French writer Anatole France .
On a visit to the shrine , seeing the discarded canes and crutches , he exclaimed , “ What , what , no wooden legs ? ? ? ”
( See Joe Nickell , Looking for a Miracle , 1998 . )
Now , Dr. Patrick
Theiller , the secretary of the International Medical Committee of Lourdes , has announced that the panel will no longer be in the “ miracle ” business .
“ It ’s a sort of rebellion , if you will , against laws that do n’t concern us — and should n’t , ” Theiller told the Associated Press ’ Jamey Keaten ( for an article published December 3 , 2008 ) .
He added , “ The medical corps must be independent of the ecclesiastic power . ”
The bishop of the local diocese did acknowledge : “ It seems ‘ miracle ’ may not be the right word to use anymore .
It ’s no longer a black - and - white question . ”
Now , appropriately , the church will be left to decide on so - called miracles ; the panel will only indicate whether cases are “ remarkable . ”
And remarkable healings can happen to anyone , independent of religious shrines and supposedly magical water .
The $ 400 million that enrich Lourdes annually could be better spent on medical science than on superstitious beliefs from an earlier time .
What Analysts Need to Understand :
The King ’s Intelligence Studies Program
Michael S. Goodman and David Omand
Most of all , the program offers a containing
space in which
analysts from every part of the community can explore with each other the interplay of ideas about their profession .
Origins
In April 2007 , a British newspaper the Mail on Sunday ran a story headlined “ Can Sherlock Holmes restore the reputation of our bungling spies ? ”
The report observed , “ Spies and Whitehall officials are being given a crash course in Sherlock Holmes ’ deduction techniques to prevent a repeat of the intelligence failures in the run-up to the Iraq war . ”
Although not quite accurate , this was the first public mention of an innovative course created in the aftermath of Lord Butler ’s report on intelligence and Iraqi WMD . [ i ]
In this article we shall outline some of the conclusions we have drawn from the first four courses that we have run over the past two years .
What do experienced analysts — those with five to 10 years on the job — need to know ?
Or , rather , what do analysts need to understand ?
We are not concerned here with the acquisition of subject knowledge or the honing of techniques of analysis .
Such teaching is best delivered in a secure environment with the classified databases and tools to which analysts would have access in their work .
Exposure to an academic environment , such as the Department of War Studies at King ’s College London , can add several elements that may be harder to provide within the government system : close access to academic disciplines , such as military history , intelligence history , international relations , social sciences and so on ; an introduction to the relevant literature ; and exposure to a variety of critical views , including the unorthodox .
But most of all , it offers a containing space in which analysts from every part of the community can explore with each other the interplay of ideas about their profession .
We have earlier written how “ intelligence is not a new phenomenon , the academic study of intelligence is . ”
That article went on to describe how “ intelligence ” as an academic discipline is studied and taught in the United Kingdom . [ ii ]
It is worth briefly reiterating some of its findings as they pertain to the training of government intelligence officers .
The CIA had recognized as early as 1960 how beneficial it would be to use universities as a means of intelligence training .[ iii ]
Put simply , it was felt that by enhancing the understanding of practitioners of intelligence , they would be able to work more effectively . [ iv ]
Such a course would be led by someone with “ extensive and well - rounded intelligence experience ” and as a whole would “ apply the teachings of many academic disciplines . ” [
v ]
Lord Butler , in his 2004 Review of Intelligence on Weapons of Mass Destruction , called for an increase in the number of British intelligence analysts and suggested forming a specialization of analysis with scope for advancement within it across the entire British intelligence community .
It fell to David Omand , then UK intelligence and security coordinator , to start to turn the report into action .
He chaired a high - level implementation group with the chairman of the Joint Intelligence Committee , the heads of the UK intelligence agencies and the permanent heads of the government departments most concerned .
It was recognized that :
The high level of secrecy that is inevitable within an intelligence community means that training has to be largely in - house , but that , in turn , makes it more important to provide opportunities for analysts to meet and develop a wider professional outlook .
Care is needed that analysts do not come to see themselves as a professional “ closed shop ” that might make it harder for the intelligence agencies to rotate their intelligence officers between operational , analytical and managerial duties , bringing the experience of their service to bear during their tours of duty in the analytical environment , for example when seconded to the Cabinet Office Assessments Staff or to the Joint Terrorism Analysis Centre ( JTAC ) .
The label “ analyst ” should be interpreted widely to include researchers who regularly use secret intelligence , for example in the Foreign Office or in the Serious and Organised Crime Agency ( SOCA ) , and not just be confined to “ all - source analysts . ”
A professional head of intelligence analysis ( PHIA ) , working within the Cabinet Office ’s Intelligence and Security Secretariat , was subsequently appointed to promote the idea of greater professionalism in analysis and to help generate this sense of profession , albeit a virtual one .
One of her early initiatives was to commission us at King ’s College London to develop a course for experienced analysts .
With a small staff , the PHIA ’s main tasks are to provide advice in the security , defense and foreign affairs fields on gaps and duplication in analyst capabilities , on recruitment of analysts , their career structures and interchange opportunities ; to advise on analytical methodology across the intelligence community ; and to develop more substantial training on a cross - government basis for all analysts working in these fields .
The overall aim of these tasks is to enhance the analytic capability of the United Kingdom ’s intelligence community to enable it to work together more effectively and provide the highest quality intelligence to ministers and policy makers .
Approach
The aim set for the course can be summarized as promoting multidisciplinary understanding of the concepts , issues and debates regarding intelligence .
Analysts will thus become more aware of issues around the meaning , value , nature and proper use of intelligence , and more confident in their own discussions of these topics .
Fostering that sense of being part of a single UK intelligence community , and of belonging to the virtual profession of analysts , represents a key underlying motivation for the course .
To achieve this aim we offer the analysts encouragement to look at their profession from four points of view , based on Stafford Thomas ’s pioneering fourfold typology of intelligence studies : [ vi ]
The functional approach : studying an intelligence cycle appropriate for the needs of a 21st century national security strategy , looking at the development of intelligence activities , processes , and technologies .
The choice of analytic methodology is examined , drawing on the experience of other professions grappling with problems of knowledge .
The historical / biographical approach : studying the historical experiences of the use of intelligence , good and bad ; examples examined have included the controversy over Iraqi WMD , the Falklands War , and UK counterintelligence against the Soviet Union .
The structural approach : studying the institutional development of the UK intelligence community , especially the Joint Intelligence Committee and the more recent JTAC .
We look in particular at how the UK intelligence community has adapted to an era of avowal , greater openness , and judicial and parliamentary oversight .
The political approach : looking at the part that pre-emptive intelligence now plays in operational decision - making in counterterrorism and other areas .
This provides the opportunity to sensitize the analysts to the institutional dynamics of analytical organizations and the obvious pathologies that can occur in the relationship between the intelligence community and its customers .
The ethics of intelligence gathering , sharing and public use are examined in the context of current counterterrorism strategies .
These four ways of looking at the subject are inter -woven through the classes , each two hours long , typically comprising a mixture of lecture and discussion .
Learning in the 10 - week course is assessed by means of a 4,000 - word essay , marked to King ’s College London MA marking criteria .
For this , participants are explicitly required not to rely on practical experience but to utilize the wide intelligence studies literature .
In their essay they will normally choose the one approach with which they have come to feel most comfortable .
One outcome of this is that those who take and pass the course are given a number of credits , which they can then use toward one of the nine MA degrees offered by the Department of War Studies , or indeed any other MA offered within King ’s College London ; in effect it is a means of encouraging thinking about broader personal and professional development .
What do the sessions cover ?
1 ) The functional approach
Starting with the functional approach , the emphasis is on developing an awareness — a self - consciousness — of the mental processes that we all employ when we do what we call “ analysis . ”
There is much we can learn here from other professions and from recognizing the differences between them .
We draw attention to the relevant methods of analysis employed by journalists , physicians , historians , paleontologists , detectives , mathematicians , and physical and social scientists .
Each group has something of methodological value to offer to the debate in terms of what makes for reliable evidence , how to judge between competing theories , what makes theories useful , and how uncertainty is dealt with .
One unusual example is paleontology , an academic discipline that has had to develop a methodology and tools for assessing fragmentary and often incomplete evidence , on an internationally collaborative basis , and drawing general conclusions from the evidence .
For instance , from the example of modern human origins ( MHO ) comes discussion of paradigm shifts and competing hypotheses and how best to select between them when direct experimentation is not possible .
One intelligence tool that we explore is the use of the Heuer model , [ vii ] as developed by the UK Defence Intelligence Staff ( DIS ) and which provides a structured way for analysts to relate competing hypotheses to their essential assumptions .
The need for care over deception , in the form of examples such as the Piltdown fraud , can also be introduced here .
From the mathematicians comes the Bayesian approach , where we emphasize the way that new information can be reliably and consistently incorporated to revise an estimate of the believability of a hypothesis .
Heuristics , such as those of the mathematician George Polya , are introduced , including his advice to draw diagrams , try and recognize when similar problems have been solved in the past , and the notion that if a problem is too hard to solve , attempt solution of a related but much simpler version .
At the same time the fuzzy logic school provides the analysts with cautionary lessons concerning the less than Cartesian categories of the typical real - world problem .
A general issue young analysts invariably raise at this point is how far such theoretical examinations of decisionmaking can have application to their real - world problems .
An example we have used will illustrate the point .
The example below sets out an apparently simple practical problem that just might be posed to an analyst supporting an arms control inspection regime :
You are an imagery analyst looking for an unlawful biological warfare trailer .
You think it could be hidden in one of three equally likely locations , A , B or C .
You pick one , say site C , and start to prep the arms control inspectors for a snap inspection .
The host country then unexpectedly throws open one of the other sites , site A , to journalists so it is obviously not there .
You have the chance to change your advice to the inspection team and tell them now to go to site B or stick with your original choice , C . Should you change , or stick to C ?
When posed this question , analysts immediately split into two camps .
The minority quickly spots the underlying structure of what in North America is known as the “ Monty Hall problem , ” from the name of the game show host .[ viii ]
As a problem in probability it is straight forward , if paradoxical .
The majority of analysts who have not come across the problem refuse to believe the result when they first come across it but can be persuaded to follow the probabilistic reasoning , as set out in Figure 1 .
That , however , is the start of the teaching point .
The analysis of the probabilities in the graphic depends upon a set of strict assumptions that are not explicit in the question .
For the intelligence analyst little , if anything , should be taken for granted , especially statements from the opponent .
What unlocks a proper analysis of the problem for the analyst is understanding where implicit assumptions are being made about the reporting being received .
For example , do we assume that the opponent knows which initial site was picked ( the question does not say so ) ?
If not , the solution is quite different .
Would it be safe not to assume he knows , given the history of arms inspection regimes ?
Is the opponent engaged in deception , using the media as a shield ?
Can it be safely assumed that the opponent who threw open the site was privy to the secret of where the bio-trailer was actually located ?
And so on .
In the end , the problem reduces to a number of alternative hypotheses , on a number of different assumptions , and the analyst can use the Heuer table approach to rank these .
Our calculations show that the problem is asymmetric : the wise analyst will advise switching on the grounds that some assumptions will improve the prediction , while on others it makes the chances no worse .
One of the objectives of taking the analysts through such exercises is to emphasize that prediction may not match reality because the model of human motivation being used to interpret the intelligence has built - in inappropriate assumptions .
This lesson about the nature of explanation is important for analysts to understand .
The point has been well made by a leading quantum physicist , as originally attributed to Bertrand Russell in his philosophy lectures , but which we adapt to the intelligence world .
Imagine a chicken farm where the chickens spy on the farmer and intercept a message that he is ordering much more chicken food .
The JIC of chickens meets .
Is their key judgment that at last peaceful coexistence has come and the farmer is going to feed them properly in the future ?
Or is it that they are all doomed since they are about to be fattened for the kill ?
It is the same raw reporting , but different implicit assumptions about human behavior .
The fact that the same observational evidence can be extrapolated to give two diametrically opposite predictions according to which explanation one adopts , and cannot justify either of them , is not some accidental limitation of the farmyard environment : it is true of all observational evidence under all circumstances . [ ix ]
Or , to put it another way , as the Nobel prize–winner Paul Dirac said of the early Bohr model of the hydrogen atom , it is possible to get the right answer for the wrong reason .
We have found that many young analysts implicitly carry in their heads what might be described as an inductivist model of their work , involving experience of being able to generalize from patterns or from changes to recognized patterns .
They need to be reminded of
the asymmetry between experimental refutation and experimental confirmation .
Whereas an incorrect prediction automatically renders the underlying explanation unsatisfactory , a correct prediction says nothing at all about the underlying explanation .
Shoddy explanations that yield correct predictions are two a penny , as UFO enthusiasts , conspiracy theorists and pseudo - scientists of every variety should ( but never do ) bear in mind . [ x ]
We emphasize too the risk of overinterpreting evidence and contriving ever more complex explanations to fit available data .
As the late Professor R. V. Jones , the father of scientific intelligence , put it in a dictum he called Crabtree ’s bludgeon :
No set of mutually consistent observations can exist for which some human intellect cannot conceive a coherent explanation . [ xi ]
Discussion with analysts usually leads to their volunteering examples from their experience of the human tendency to try to explain away apparently contradictory evidence that might confound the favorite explanation of the moment .
A temptation we have all noticed is likely to be unconsciously stronger if that explanation is known to be favoured by the senior customer , or if deciding upon it has been particularly stressful for the organization , in which case a form of cognitive dissonance may effectively blank out discussion of alternative explanations .
A well - documented case that illustrates the pitfalls here , which we give the analysts to examine , is the 1982 “ yellow rain ” allegation of Soviet BCW agent use in Laos and Cambodia . [ xii ]
In that case there were good reasons for initially giving credence to the reports , but as contrary evidence began to emerge it was explained away by ever more complex explanation .
Thus , as an example , the alleged agent particle size was smaller than might have been expected , well , that just showed how fiendishly clever the enemy was because smaller particles could be ingested more quickly through the lungs as well as through skin absorption .
In the end , analysis by labs such as the UK ’s Porton Down showed no trace of BCW agent and the organic substance found was probably pollen from clouds of defecating wild bees — as perhaps the analysts might have found out if experts on the fauna of the region had been consulted initially , another useful learning point .
There may well have been covert activity going on in the region , but this was not the way to go about uncovering it .
We introduce the students gently to postmodern critiques of international relations and the role of intelligence — the only session that we might describe as turbulent since our experience is that most analysts are impatient with modern structuralist thinking .
However , it is important for analysts to realize how the language they habitually use , such as intelligence collection , production , analysis , assessment and so - called finished product ( and the meaning that different generations of customers may ascribe to words such as probably ) are categories that can shape and constrain thinking .
In discussion with analysts we have found our own thinking about the “ intelligence cycle ” being reshaped .
The depiction of the intelligence cycle in Figure 2 uses “ access ” to cover all three types of information that can be turned into intelligence : traditional secret sources , open sources ( including nonintelligence government information , such as diplomatic reporting ) and the third increasingly important category of private information covered by data protection legislation ( such as financial , credit , travel , passport , biometrics and communications records ) .
We have found that the analysts respond readily to the term “ access , ” that deliberately conjures up the image of the analyst and the collector working together and the development of a new skill set of mission management to connect them .
We only have time in the course for the merest glimpse of the technological possibilities that the future will bring here for their work , for example in data mining and pattern recognition software .
Our description of the cycle uses “ elucidation ” to describe the ways in which usable intelligence can be created by shedding new light on what is going on in theaters of interest , providing a crucial element to situational awareness and providing surer explanations of what has been experienced from which more reliable predictions can be generated .
As Winston Churchill put it : “ The further back you look the further ahead you can see . ”
Certainly the traditional evidence - based inferential work is still there , as it was during the Cold War , but so is seeing inside the head of the enemy .
The term “ dissemination ” is used to convey the sowing of seeds in the minds of other analysts as well as customers , and to a much wider group of potential users , including local police officers or operators of the critical national infrastructure , interested in data streams , pictures , maps and video as well as written reports of the traditional kind .
From these discussions we have the impression that analysts are being pulled in two different directions .
On the one hand , the center of gravity of UK intelligence work has shifted to “ action - on ” intelligence , to use the old SIGINT expression .
That brings a very close interaction with the user operating in real time or near real time , a feature of both support for military operations and support for what in UK parlance we might call the civil authority , including law enforcement over terrorism , narcotics , proliferation and serious criminality .
On the other hand , the demands for high - level analysis have become more demanding , with military involvement in Iraq and in Afghanistan , where strategic judgments depend crucially on deep knowledge of language , customs , history , religion , tribal relationships and personalities , and topography that place exceptional demands on the analyst .
The future will hold many demands for such deep analysis of global phenomena , such as resource shortages and the security impact of climate change , posing real challenges for the next generation of young analysts .
2 ) The historical / biographical approach
Under the heading of the historical approach , the analysts have been able to hear Professor Sir Lawrence Freedman analyzing the dynamic interaction between UK and Argentine intelligence in the run-up to the invasion of the Falkland Islands and showing how perceptions of the moves made by one side affected the other .[ xiii ]
For example , Argentine intelligence incorrectly assumed that a nuclear attack submarine was leaving Gibraltar for the South Atlantic .
The UK government was not unhappy to have such a deterrent message understood , but the Joint Intelligence Committee failed to assess that the Argentine junta would , as a result , actually accelerate its plans for invasion before supposed British reinforcements arrived .
Such dynamic situations are much the hardest that the intelligence analyst ever has to face .
Another important lesson is that dictators may not react the way democracies would .
Different lessons about the use of intelligence have been provided by Gill Bennett , until recently chief historian of the Foreign Office , with her analysis of the meticulous intelligence case built up against Soviet espionage that allowed the UK to expel 105 Soviet officials in 1971 ( Operation Foot ) , a blow from which their effort against the UK never recovered .[ xiv ]
She contrasts that with the hasty and botched action in 1927 against ARCOS , the Soviet trade society that had been fomenting industrial subversion .
In attempting to defend his action , Prime Minister Stanley Baldwin revealed to Parliament the contents of an intercepted Soviet telegram with the obvious result that readability of Soviet diplomatic cyphers was promptly lost .
3 ) The structural or institutional approach
It would be fair to say that we have found the analysts less knowledgeable than they need to be about the history of the wider intelligence community outside their own employing agency or organization .
In particular , the history of the UK ’s Joint Intelligence Committee has many lessons for the analyst in understanding the developing relationship with the policy customer .
Examples abound of JIC key judgments that illustrate predictive intelligence at its worst and best .
At its worst , we examine the conclusions of the recently declassified Nicoll Report that provide the basis for a rich discussion of mirror imaging , perseveration , transferred judgment , etc. , all made worse by group think . [ xv ]
At its best ( leaving aside the double negative which would be disapproved of today ) , we have the following historical key judgment based on fresh HUMINT in 1939 :
Apparently the reason which was supposed to have led Herr Hitler and his advisers to come to this decision was that they felt the rearmament of the democratic powers was proceeding at such a pace that Germany ’s relative strength would inevitably decline .
This was therefore the moment to strike …by reason of [ intelligence reports ] which show which way the wind was blowing , it is unfortunately no longer possible to assume that there is no likelihood of Germany “ coming West ” in 1939.[xvi ]
And this judgment from 1956 on Suez :
Should Western military action be insufficient to ensure early and decisive victory , the international consequences both in the Arab States and elsewhere might give rise to extreme embarrassment and cannot be foreseen .
This shows a nice delicacy about reaching a judgment , not about the enemy but about your own government ’s proposed actions .[ xvii ]
One of the course sessions that has been the most popular has been that dealing with the history of avowal and oversight .
We examine how the use of pre-emptive intelligence in countering terrorism has brought greater public awareness and , at times , criticism of intelligence work .
We engage the analysts in a vigorous debate about the ethics of intelligence , one of the most appreciated sessions on the course , given sensitivities over the uses that may be made of their intelligence to guide military or police action .
On a lighter note , we have devoted one session in each course to examining how the serious media now operate .
Students have been fascinated to talk to the foreign editor of a leading journal and to a leading BBC correspondent to learn first hand about how the process of serious reporting is managed , open and private sources handled , and editorial discretion exercised , since in journalism , as in intelligence analysis , to edit is to choose .
Writing accurately and clearly , to a tight deadline , is a skill that both professions have to exercise .
Our media representatives readily concede , however , that there is one big difference .
As the Economist put it many years ago on the retirement of Sir Kenneth Strong as the director general of defence intelligence :
Modern intelligence has to do with the painstaking collection and analysis of fact , the exercise of judgment , and clear and quick presentation .
It is not simply what serious journalists would always produce if they had time : it is something more rigorous , continuous , and above all operational — that is to say , related to something that someone wants to do or may be forced to do.[ xviii ]
4 ) The political approach
Under this heading , the course examines the analyst / customer ( variously called the producer / consumer ) relationship .
Two models are compared at the outset of the course , broadly the school associated in the literature with Bob Gates ’s time as DCI and that espoused decades earlier by Sherman Kent .
Most of the analysts feel comfortable adapting their approach to circumstances .
We discuss times when the former approach is more appropriate , for example in strategic assessment of issues of peace and war ( Iraq ) , and times when a very close mutual understanding is needed ( uncovering terrorist networks ) .
We have many more publicly documented case studies of problems in intelligence assessment to draw on than there are documented successes .
The Butler inquiry has provided useful case histories , including A.Q. Khan and Libya , to balance its strictures about intelligence on Iraqi WMD .
In the course , we do however look in detail at the now reasonably well documented controversy over pre-war associations between al - Qa’ida and Iraq and , in particular , the case of Curveball and Iraqi BW trailers .
We encourage the analysts to distinguish between intelligence “ gaps ” and intelligence “ failures . ”
Certainly , as far as domestic counterterrorism is concerned , they need to accept that the former will always exist — the analysts are , we find , very balanced in their views about the acceptable limits of surveillance .
To be classed as a failure , there has to be a reasonable expectation that the analysts could have had access to actionable intelligence that would have provided timely warning were it not for some negligence , including that resulting from over - stretch , inadequate training , personal dereliction of duty , institutional rivalries and so on .
The analyst needs to be alert to the first warning signs of incipient failure conditions .
In looking at the relationship with the user , the writings of Professor R.V. Jones provide examples during WW II when he resorted to advocacy rather than presenting facts neutrally , fearing important warnings were not being heeded .
Who could blame an analyst for advocacy , faced with , say , a General Percival in Singapore refusing to accept the reality of the impending Japanese invasion or a secretary of defense , as Robert Macnamara admits in his own memoir , resisting appreciation of the true state of affairs developing in Vietnam ?
But the analysts are quick to recognize this must never , ever , become the slanting of intelligence .
And the analyst must encourage the customer to recognize that what the analyst is painting is an impressionist portrait , without the complete detail that you would find in a photograph .
So what is included as the essential highlights and what is left out as distracting detail is a matter of analytical judgment .
Customer and analyst alike need to be conscious of this .
We look , therefore , in a final session at institutional dynamics as they might apply to teams of analysts and their interactions with users .
What modes of behavior are likely to encourage innovation and creativity ( or not ) ?
How much latitude should the dissenting analyst expect , and what safety valves exist , such as the use of the intelligence counsellor , an independent senior retired figure who can be consulted in confidence over professional issues of conscience ?
What are the first symptoms of group think and blame culture ?
We find that most of the answers here come from the analysts with little or no prompting from the tutors , demonstrating that recent experiences have had their impact on the intelligence community .
Conclusion
To conclude , as a result of having worked with four iterations of the course , we think we have a better understanding now of what , outside the professional tools of their trade , it would be helpful for the up and coming analyst to understand better .
Much of this understanding revolves around self - knowledge and development of sound instincts of curiosity .
The first permanent secretary that David Omand ever met was in the Ministry of Defence in London over 35 years ago .
He sat in a large , elegant Whitehall office and inquired kindly about how this new recruit was settling in and then he said , “ You may wonder what a permanent secretary does all day .
Let me tell you . ”
He went on , “ I sit behind my desk and I transfer papers from my intray to my outtray .
And , as I lift them , I sniff them , and 35 years in Whitehall has given me the ability to tell when advice going through to the minister is soundly based and well timed , and it has also given me the nose to detect a wrong ’un . ”
This encounter was , of course , before the advent of managerialism in the British public service .
But his words were good advice in relation to developing strong professional instincts .
Perhaps , for he was a highly educated man , he had in mind Wittgenstein ’s account of a visit to a tailor , when the experienced customer who knows his own mind came to indicate his choice from an endless number of patterns of suiting — almost beyond words of explanation — no , this is slightly too dark , this is slightly too loud , this is just right .[ xix ]
The experienced mind is demonstrated by the way choice and selection is indicated .
Much of the early career may necessarily be spent in acquiring mastery of the necessary technical skills of the analytic trade , processing raw intelligence , in searching through imagery or communications patterns and collating data of every kind .
For experienced analysts , however , what will make the difference are the instincts — which we believe can be developed — that can be brought to bear to generate hypotheses worth testing on the evidence base .
It may rest on the ability to get into the mind of the adversary , to understand the responses of a foreign culture , to sense when new thinking is needed , and — in the words of that permanent secretary — to spot a wrong ’un .
It will rest also on deep understanding of the world inhabited by the users of their intelligence , to understand what intelligence they need to do their job better , and also to sense what they do not yet know that they need to know , and that the intelligence community might be able to provide if appropriately tasked .
To conclude with the words of Richards Heuer , which might have been written for the course at King ’s College London :
BOSTON , Dec. 10 ( UPI ) --
Boston animal surgeons said a cat is expected to make a full recovery after emergency surgery to reattach part of its face .
The veterinarians said the Winthrop , Mass. , owner of 4 - year - old cat Edgar brought the feline to the animal hospital after finding him with half of his facial skin hanging off , dbTechno reported Wednesday .
Advertisement
The owner said Edgar had been missing for three days before she found him injured .
The animal doctors said Edgar 's skin was successfully reattached without any nerve damage and the cat is expected to make a full recovery .
The economy may be tanking , but innovation is alive and well .
When it came to products , incremental improvements were the name of the game this year .
Phones got faster ( iPhone 3G anyone ? ) , notebooks turned into netbooks and pocket cameras went from recording standard - definition video to HD .
But the world 's corporate and academic R&D labs were busy laying the foundations of some amazing future technologies in 2008 .
They produced concepts such as silicon chips you can swallow for personalized medicine from the inside out and a fourth fundamental element in electronic circuitry .
And engineers cranked out a few less groundbreaking — but no less important — inventions , like a space - age swimsuit to help Michael Phelps slice through the water faster than a river otter on a jet ski .
Here 's our countdown of what rocked our world in 2008 — and what will change yours in 2009 and beyond .
10 . Flexible Displays
Flexible displays are likely to be a reality by 2010 or 2011 .
Courtesy Phillip SpearsA sliver of the future can soon be tucked into your back pocket .
For years , researchers have worked on thin , paperlike displays that can be folded , rolled or sewn into the sleeve of your hoodie .
Flexible displays could change the way we interact with the info -universe , creating new kinds of cellphones , portable computers , e-newspapers and electronic books .
This year , the research moved from the realm of science fiction to plausible reality .
With help from the U.S. Army , Arizona State University 's Flexible Display Center has created a prototype for soldiers , and hopes to have the devices in field trials in the next three years .
Startups like Plastic Logic and E - Ink have been developing similar technologies .
Meanwhile , Hewlett Packard announced a manufacturing breakthrough that allows the thin - film transistor arrays to be fabricated on flexible plastic materials , enabling manufacturers to " print " displays on big , newsprintlike rolls .
Samsung showed off a mobile phone prototype with a flexible display that folds like a book .
Outlook : A Minority Report - style digital newspaper that you can roll up in your pocket is n't happening before 2010 at the earliest .
But to quote science fiction novelist William Gibson : " The future is here .
It 's just not widely distributed yet . "
9. Edible Chips
Grandma 's pillbox with the days of the week neatly marked is set to go high tech .
Tiny edible chips will replace the organizer , tracking when patients take their pills ( or do n't ) and monitoring the effects of the drugs they 're taking .
Proteus , a Redwood City , California , company , has created tiny chips out of silicon grains that , once swallowed , activate in the stomach .
The chips send a signal to an external patch that monitors vital parameters such as heart rate , temperature , state of wakefulness or body angle .
The data is then sent to an online repository or a cellphone for the physician and the patient to track .
Proteus says its chips can keep score of how patients are responding to the medication .
That may be just the beginning , as the chips could improve drug delivery and even insert other kinds of health monitors inside the body .
Now doctors may have a better answer to a common patient complaint — they will know exactly how it feels .
Outlook :
If proven in clinical trials , edible chips could let physicians look into a patient 's system in a way that could change how medicine is prescribed and how we take the drugs .
8. Speedo LZR
Michael Phelps .
2008 Olympics .
Enough said .
Phelps and others were able to log faster times because of Speedo's LZR swimsuit .
It blends new materials and a dose of NASA rocket science to boost the speeds of elite swimmers — legally .
Viscous drag on a swimmer can be as much as 25 percent of the total retarding force .
But Speedo's suit , with its ultrasonically bonded seams instead of stitches , low - drag panels and a mix of polyurethane layers , can cut resistance and help swimmers move through the water faster .
It also has a rigid , girdle - style structure that helps position the swimmer 's body in an optimal position .
Did it have anything to do with Michael Phelps ' amazing eight Olympic gold medals ?
Probably not , as nearly every swimmer at the Games was wearing a Speedo suit .
Outlook :
We 're hoping at least some of the technologies in the LZR will trickle down to the consumer level so we can slice through the water at the Y .
7. Flash Memory
When Apple blessed the iPod with flash memory , it gave new life to a technology that had long played second fiddle to hard disk drives .
Now flash memory is a mainstay of most consumer electronics products , from ultralight notebooks to digital cameras and media players .
Next , the who's who of the tech industry — EMC , Sun Microsystems , Intel and Hitachi — are championing flash drives for larger business users .
The advantage ?
Solid - state flash drives offer faster response times than hard disk drives and they require much less power .
The hitch is that they are almost eight times more expensive than hard disk drives .
But with the star power behind flash storage , the prices have nowhere to go but down .
Outlook :
More data centers are likely to move to flash storage in 2009 , which is likely to drive prices down further .
If this trend takes off , say goodbye to the hard disk drives in your house .
It will be time to flash your drive .
6. GPS
The Global Positioning System is old , old , older than you think .
The system has been operational since 1978 and available for commercial use since 1993 , but for years its use was relegated to expensive personal navigation devices and the dashboards of high - end cars .
This year , suddenly GPS popped up everywhere else , from the iPhone 3G and the T - Mobile G1 to notebooks such as Fujitsu's LifeBook series .
And devices that could n't or did n't include true GPS made do with cell - tower triangulation or geolocation based on Wi-Fi hotspots .
Now getting lost is no longer an option .
Outlook : With widespread GPS capabilities throughout the gadget world , services that make use of geographic data , like Loopt and Yahoo's Firebird , will be able to build critical mass .
5 . The Memristor
It 's not often that a fundamental tech breakthrough has the potential to change how we compute .
Nearly 37 years after it was first described in a series of mathematical equations , researchers at HP Labs proved that the fourth fundamental element of electronic circuitry is for real .
The " memristor , " or memory transistor , now joins the three other widely known elements : the capacitor , the resistor and the inductor .
The discovery will make it possible to develop computer systems that remember what 's stored in memory when they are turned off .
That means computers that do n't need to be booted up and systems that are far more energy efficient than the current crop .
Researchers also hope the memristor can help develop a new kind of computer memory that can supplement or ultimately replace dynamic random access memory , or DRAM — the type of memory used in personal computers .
Outlook : Memristors are still primarily confined to the lab , so do n't expect commercial products based on this kind of circuitry for at least five years .
4. Video-Capable SLRs
Video - capable SLRs will meld high - def moving and still images .
Courtesy of NikonFor years , high - end single - lens reflex cameras have been unable to do what even $ 100 pocket cams can do : Shoot video .
That 's because of the type of imaging chip used by SLRs .
This year , the camera industry overcame that limitation .
Two new cameras , the Nikon D90 and the Canon 5D Mark II capture top - notch still images , but let the photographer to shoot high - definition video .
No longer do SLR users have to stand by , while friends mock them for their expensive camera 's inability to shoot video .
Outlook : Shooting high - def videos with an SLR is cheap compared to using professional video equipment — and it gives photographers access to a wide range of lenses .
In 2009 , we predict this will lead to an explosion in arty , high - def videos shot by professional still photographers .
3. USB 3.0
Fasten your seatbelts .
The data - transfer freeway is set to turn into an autobahn .
The Universal Serial Bus , or USB , a popular standard for transferring files to your PC or charging your iPhone , got its first major update in eight years .
USB 3.0 will be 10 times faster than the current USB 2.0 standard , and will increase the amount of electrical current that can be delivered through a USB cable .
Users need the increased speed — 4.8 gigabits per second , to be precise .
Digital cameras and pocket - size HD video recorders generate a torrent of bits , all of which need to be transferred quickly to computers , so they can be uploaded to YouTube , adding to the internet video that only a handful of people will ever watch .
And as consumers carry around more devices , charging them off a PC using a USB cable will be much easier than carrying multiple chargers .
With the USB 3.0 specifications nailed down this year , the standard will bump up the power output to 900 milliamps from 100 milliamps , allowing more devices to be charged faster .
Outlook :
We expect the earliest USB 3.0 products in mid-2009 .
2. Android
Handset makers from Motorola to Sony Ericsson are rushing to add Android to their lineup .
Jon Snyder / Wired.com
There were many reasons to dislike the T - Mobile HTC G1 phone : its color , poor battery life and a touchscreen that is n't super - responsive .
And the numbers reflect that .
Only about 1.5 million units of the G1 have been sold since its October 2008 launch .
Compare that to the 3 million iPhones that sold when it debuted .
But the G1 scores with its operating system .
It runs Android , the free mobile operating system from Google .
It 's the first mobile OS to make its debut in years and the G1 is just the first of what will be many phones that use it .
With its open source base , growing developer community and dozens of cellphone manufacturers pledging to make Android phones , Android has the potential to reshape the wireless industry in significant ways .
Outlook :
At least half a dozen manufacturers are likely to release Android phones in 2009 , increasing the pressure on other smartphone operating systems .
The iPhone is likely to remain the top - selling smartphone through the end of the year , however .
1. Apple's App Store
Until this year , mobile app developers lacked an easy way to get their software into the hands of consumers , forcing them to make deals with finicky and power - hungry carriers if they wanted to get any distribution at all .
Apple 's App Store changed all that .
It made creating and distributing mobile applications for cellphone users easy — jumpstarting the mobile - app development market and creating clones such as the Android Market .
It even forced Research in Motion to offer a BlackBerry Application Storefront .
For thousands of programmers , the cellphone is the new PC .
Outlook : App stores have changed forever the way we use our phones , turning them into personalized devices filled with utilities , handy tools and copies of Tap Tap Revenge .
What 's new in PHP V5.3 , Part 2 , Closures and lambda functions
From the developerWorks archives
John Mertic
|
Follow along in this " What 's new in PHP V5.3 " series of articles that covers the new and exciting features found in PHP V5.3 , which is scheduled to release soon .
Here in Part 2 , we look at closures and lambda functions .
They are designed to make programming much easier by allowing you to easily define throwaway functions that can be used in many contexts .
This content is no longer being updated or maintained .
The full article is provided " as is " in a PDF file .
Given the rapid evolution of technology , some content , steps , or illustrations may have changed .
View PDF file
The idea that ' not eating enough ' causes the body to stop losing weight because it goes into ' starvation mode ' is a popular myth among dieters .
The idea that ' not eating enough ' causes the body to stop losing weight because it goes into ' starvation mode ' is a popular myth among dieters .
Restricting calories during weight loss lowers metabolismbecause the body becomes more efficient , requiring fewer calories to perform the necessary daily functions for survival .
Consequently , this can slow ( but not stop ) the anticipated rate of weight loss .
For example , if an individual needs 2,000 calories per day to maintain weight , reducing intake to 1,500 calories , assuming exercise stays the same , should provide a 1lb per week weight loss ( Note : 1lb of weight is equivalent to about 3,500 calories ) .
Furthermore , reducing to 1,000 calories should result in a weight loss of 2lb per week and going down to 500 calories a day should result in a weight loss of 3lb per week .
However , if an individual actually reduces their intake to 500 calories , the weight loss would not likely be a steady 3 lb per week because of the reduced metabolic rate .
It would likely be around 2¼ to 2½lb .
This ' lower than expected ' rate of weight loss is a lot different to ' no ' weight loss as the ' starvation mode ' notion proposes .
It is unclear as to whether the relationship between reduced caloric intake and a lower metabolism follows a straight path or becomes more pronounced the greater the caloric reduction .
Some studies have found no significant reduction in metabolism until the caloric restriction is quite large ( e.g. 800 calories or less per day ) .
Others suggest a linear relationship with small reductions in metabolism accompanying small reductions in caloric restriction , with the gap increasing as the caloric deficit is enlarged .
While there is no biologic evidence to support the ' starvation mode ' myth , there may be behavioural reasons why weight loss stops when calories are severely reduced .
Over -restriction of calorie intake , known as high dietary restraint is linked to periods of overeating , hindering successful weight loss .
( For more information on dietary restraint , read the Science Centre article , The Skill of Flexible Restraint
The good news is that after the weight loss goal is achieved and weight has stabilised , it does not appear that the dip in metabolism is permanent .
Several rigorous studies done at the University of Alabama in Birmingham showed that metabolism goes back to expected levels with sustained weight loss , discounting the theory that a lowered metabolism helps to explain the common phenomenon of weight regain following weight loss .
The® System is designed to provide a caloric intake that supports a healthy rate of weight loss , produces a minimal reduction in metabolism and avoids inducing too - high levels of dietary restraint .
RELATED INFORMATION
Other Science Library topics :
FOOTNOTES
1 Saltzman E , Roberts SB .
The role of energy expenditure in energy regulation : Findings from a decade of research .
Nutr Rev. 1995 .
53:209-220 .
2 Burgess NS .
Effect of a very - low calorie diet on body composition and resting metabolic rate in obese men and women .
J Am Diet Assoc. 1991 Apr;91(4):430-4 .
3 Rogers PJ .
Eating habits and appetite control : a psychobiological perspective .
Proc Nutr Soc. 1999 Feb ;58( 1):59 - 67 .
4 Weinsier RL , Nagy TR , Hunter GR , Darnell BE , Hensrud DD , Weiss HL .
Do adaptive changes in metabolic rate favor weight regain in weight - reduced individuals ?
An examination of the set - point theory .
Am J Clin Nutr 2000 Nov;72(5) :1088 -94 .
The country 's prime minister , Calin Popescu Tariceanu , may have inadvertently fuelled fears when he told local TV that the global economy was sinking like the Titanic .
" On the lower levels , people are in water up to their necks , while on the upper floors the music still plays on , just as it did in the film .
And those people listening to the people listening to the music , not knowing that the Titanic has hit an iceberg , that 's us here in Romania .
That 's just what we 're like , " he said .
Sugar Labs Joins the GNOME Foundation
by Ostatic Staff - Dec. 23 , 2008
Yesterday the GNOME Foundation announced that Sugar Labs is coming onboard as part of GNOME 's Advisory Board .
Sugar Labs will be represented on the board by executive director Walter Bender .
There a few reasons why this pairing is mutually beneficial .
Sugar Labs has been much of the driving force behind the OLPC 's XO platform .
When Bender left the OLPC some months ago , he formed Sugar Labs to improve and encourage further use and development of the Sugar environment .
Sugar is based on the GNOME platform , using tools and libraries such as GTK + and Telepathy ( in the same vein that Xfce uses some GNOME libraries ) .
Sugar is geared toward children , with a focus on delivering an interface that allows unique interaction , as well as educational applications .
And while Sugar features modified applications such as browsers , chat , games and basic editing tools with children in mind , it stands out from some other " education " software compilations through programs like Pippy , an application designed to teach children the basics of programming with Python .
It 's fairly obvious why this relationship is positive for Sugar Labs .
GNOME stands to gain just as much .
GNOME is positioning itself for further development and use in the mobile arena .
It 's the platform used in Ubuntu Netbook Remix and Maemo , and the idea that spawned Sugar -- that low - cost , low - to moderately - powered devices can run an operating system with a user - friendly , functional desktop and associated applications -- is a specific area of interest and expansion .
Sugar 's ability to run as such , and its clear , defined focus on the desktop as an educational tool -- in the traditional " reading , writing and arithmetic " sense and the less traditional " programming and technology " area -- make it a prime candidate for hardware and software distributors looking to cater to an enthusiastic ( and easily defined and measured ) audience of potential users .
GNOME 's presence on smaller , mobile devices , as well as desktops , can only be strengthened through this arrangement .
The rpy2 site has moved to http://rpy2.bitbucket.org .
Yoube redirected in 30 seconds .
About
rpy2 is an interface to R running embedded in a Python process .
The project is mature , stable , and widely used .
Source and installation
Released source packages are available on PyPi .
Installing should be as easy as
pip install rpy2
The source code is also in a public repository on bitbucket .
Documentation
More information can be found in the documentation .
Staying safe south of the border
A church in the town of Charco , Mexico A church in the town of Charco , Mexico Photo : John Storey , Chronicle Photo : John Storey , Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Staying safe south of the border 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
A large percentage of the comments that the Mexico Mix has gotten over the past year have nothing to do with grand colonial cities or handmade crafts or exotic wildlife or learning Spanish — or any other topic we 've covered — but with whether a latent death wish is a requirement for venturing south of the border .
A disturbing number of these remarks are undisguised screeds from those who cherish their prejudices and are as likely to spend a vacation in Somalia as in Mexico .
But others are from travelers who genuinely want to visit one of the friendliest and most diverse countries on the planet but wonder whether they , and their belongings , will make it home again in one piece .
So , is Mexico safe for travelers in these days of kidnappings and drug - gang shootouts ?
That 's a fair question , and one that deserves an interjection of logic .
It is a fact , trumpeted almost daily by banner headlines and blogs , that violent crime has soared in Mexico over the past 10 years ; Baja California alone reported a 43.4 percent hike in homicides in the period from November 2007 to April 2008 over the same period a year earlier .
Kidnappings were up 360 percent ( from 8 to 36 ) and violent robberies 80.5 percent .
But it is also a fact that millions of foreign travelers visit Mexico every year without a blip in their vacation bliss .
Based on having spent almost three out of the past 12 months in Mexico , most of it traveling alone , I would say yes , you can travel safely , if you are armed with information and common sense .
Some perspective :
Everything is relative .
A report from Mexico 's congress noted a rate of 624 violent crimes per 100,000 residents for the first six months of 2007 , the latest period for which statistics are available .
The projected yearly rate of 1,248 violent crimes per 100,000 residents is more than twice the 2006 rate .
That 's high — the average U.S. rate was 467 per 100,000 .
But parts of the United States are just as bad or worse ; Washington , D.C. 's 2007 rate was 1,413 , for example .
In Tijuana , 352 people were murdered that year , a rate of 17.5 murders per 100,000 residents .
Among U.S. cities of about the same size , Philadelphia , Houston , Dallas and Las Vegas all had higher murder rates ; New Orleans had three times as many murders per 100,000 people as Tijuana .
Mexico is a big country .
Reports of drug- related violence in Ciudad Juarez do n't mean you 're at risk in Puebla or Playa del Carmen , nor should crime in northern Baja keep you away from Loreto , Todos Santos or Los Cabos .
Would knowing that Miami has the highest violent crime rate in the United States keep you from going to the Grand Canyon , or even Disney World , in the same state ?
In the vast majority of Mexican destinations , you can expect a tranquil vacation with warm and hospitable hosts .
They are n't after you .
The surge in crime has been fueled almost entirely by a turf war for control over the increasingly lucrative drug trade channel that funnels contraband from South America into the seemingly insatiable United States ( Mexico itself is n't a major producer ) .
The targets are rival drug dealers , police and other authorities , and wealthy businessmen and their families .
Foreign victims of crime are usually caught in the wrong place at the wrong time .
Self - fulfilling prophecies .
If you spend your entire vacation worrying that you are going to be assaulted or ripped off , you wo n't have a very good time , and the tinge of suspicion will dampen the natural exuberance of Mexicans you encounter .
So if you just can't relax after doing your homework and taking reasonable precautions , you 're better off choosing a different vacation spot .
Some precautions :
Do your research .
The U.S. State Department issues current warnings and announcements about safety issues for travelers .
The U.K. Foreign Office Travel Advisory for Mexico is another good source .
World Travel
Watch also issues regular reports , and the travel pages and forums at Surfline are a wealth of information even for landlubbers , especially helpful on northern Baja .
This is no time to go shopping for sleazy trinkets in Tijuana , wine tasting outside of Ensenada or partying in Rosarito .
Most border cities are dicey ; if you must drive through one , aim for early morning and get through as quickly as possible .
Drug -related violence has also occurred in parts of Sinaloa , Nayarit and Michoacán states on the Pacific coast , as well as Chihuahua .
Pack smart .
Leave your baubles at home , and do n't take anything you could n't bear to part with , unless you plan to keep it with you at all times .
( A bonus : Lighter bags make a nimbler traveler ) .
Carry your money and passport in a money belt ( not a fanny pack ) , and scan your passport and travel documents and e-mail them to yourself in case they are stolen .
Take your bank and credit cards ' international phone numbers with you , and leave a copy of your itinerary with someone at home .
Keep your own counsel .
Do n't divulge your travel plans to strangers , and be wary of people offering help with your luggage or shopping packages .
Carry only the cash you need for the day in your pocket or purse ; leave your passport , credit card and extra money in a money belt under your clothing or in the hotel safe .
Find a private place if you need to get something out of your money belt .
If a person or situation does n't feel right , trust your judgment and make yourself scarce .
Blend in .
Take your sartorial clues from the locals , and do n't walk around with a camera around your neck and a guidebook in your hand .
Study your map and take notes before you leave your room .
Clothing , cars and bling that seem modest by U.S. standards can easily appear ostentatious in Mexico .
The less you look ( and act ) like a rich gringo tourist , the less tempting you are as a target .
Be especially vigilant in crowds , at markets and on public transportation ; do n't fall for ruses to distract you so an accomplice can snatch your wallet .
Get the lay of the land .
Even outside the risky zones , all cities have areas you should avoid , just as U.S. cities do .
Ask your hotel manager , taxi driver ( either government - authorized or called by your hotel ) or another accommodating local where the no-go zones are .
Established tourist areas are usually the safest , but there are also interesting neighborhoods to explore where average Mexicans and expats live removed from the headline - grabbing crime .
Keep your head screwed on straight .
You would n't stumble around drunk on a dark , unfamiliar street in the United States , would you ?
Vacation or not , you should n't do that in Mexico , either .
( Spring breakers , take note . )
If you are at a disco or party , do n't go out for fresh air or a night walk with someone you just met .
If drugs are in evidence , leave immediately .
When leaving a restaurant , bar or disco late at night , always take a cab .
Never walk on a beach late at night .
Basically , use the same common sense you would in a strange U.S. city , and you should be just fine in Mexico .
A guest post by John Lang ( with one or two minor tweaks of my own , I could n't resist making ) .
How the Grinch Prorogued Parliament
Every MP on the Hill liked Voting a lot …
But the Grinch , who lived just north of the Hill , did NOT !
The Grinch hated Voting !
The whole Voting season !
Now , please do n’t ask why .
No one quite knows the reason .
It could be his head was n’t screwed on just right .
It could be his new sweater vest was too tight .
But I think that the most likely reason of all , may have been that his caucus was twelve seats too small .
But , whatever the reason , his caucus or vest ,
He stood on Voting eve , thumping his chest .
Staring down from his cave with a sour , Grinchy frown ,
At the warm lighted windows below in the town .
For he knew every MP on the Hill beneath
Was busy now , preparing a victory wreath .
“ And they ’ve finished their plot ! ” he snarled with a sneer ,
“ Next Monday ’s the vote !
It ’s practically here ! ”
Then he growled , with his Grinch fingers nervously drumming ,
“ I MUST find some way to stop Monday from coming ! ”
For , next week he knew all MP girls and boys would wake bright and early .
They ’d rush for the hill !
And then !
Oh , the noise !
Oh , the Noise !
Noise !
Noise !
Noise !
That ’s one thing he hated !
The NOISE !
NOISE !
NOISE !
NOISE !
And THEN they ’d do something he liked least of all !
Each MP on the Hill , the tall and the small ,
Would stand close together , Peace Tower bells ringing .
They ’d stand hand - in - hand .
And end his power clinging !
They ’d vote !
And they ’d vote !
And they ’d VOTE !
VOTE !
VOTE !
VOTE !
And the more the Grinch thought of this confidence measure ,
The more the Grinch thought , “ This , I must try to censure ! ”
“ Why , for three - years I ’ve put up with it now ! ”
“ I must stop Monday from coming !… But HOW ? ”
Then he got an idea !
An awful idea !
THE GRINCH GOT A WONDERFUL , AWFUL IDEA !
" I know just what to do ! "
The Grinch laughed full of gall .
And he strolled through the snow over to Rideau Hall .
And he chuckled , and clucked , " What a great Grinchy trick ! "
" I ’ll prorogue this House , and I ’ll prorogue it quick ! "
" All I need is a reason ... "
The Grinch looked around .
But , since reasons are scarce , there was none to be found .
Did that stop the old Grinch ...?
No !
The Grinch simply said ,
" If I can't find a reason , I 'll create one instead ! "
So he ran some commercials , like a good politician ,
And blamed the whole thing on that darn coalition ...
[ Link ]
There are 3 important - but seemingly unrelated - trends :
- The banks have been given hundreds of billions of dollars , but refuse to lend to people
- Investors are so afraid of losing money , that they are buying short - term treasuries with negative return
- Many thousands of people in developed countries are making small loans online to poor entrepreneurs in developing countries .
The percentage of borrowers who repay the loans is very high
Banks are ripping off our money , and giving us nothing in return .
People who have saved money do n't know what to do with it , and are so desperate that they will pay the government to hold it temporarily .
The microcredit movement has proven that small loans can be made and tracked online .
The guy who invented the idea behind microcredit lending won a Nobel prize for doing so .
The financial elite are ruining our countries , stealing our money and robbing us of our future .
In the same way that we need to " be the media " - since the mainstream press censors the truth and serves as the stenographer for those in power - let 's " be the financial system " as well .
We could charge 1 % interest : its much lower than the banks , and its much higher than the negative returns on short - term treasury bills .
Why not set up our own system of lending and borrowing ?
Let 's create a financial system ourselves that really works .
One of the people , by the people and for the people .
The big banks are broke anyway .
They owe more than they can possibly pay on derivatives and other bad investments .
The sooner we create our own financial system , the less painful will the transition be to a post - Wall Street world , and the sooner we can start to " free up liquidity " and to re-build a sustainable economy .
Do you realize that losing information could influence your notoriety ?
Such misfortune is equipped for making your clients escape .
It deletes all the records you kept of monies owed and installments due .
It obliterates the records you kept of your customers ’ contact subtleties .
It takes out the requests customers had put for a portion of the items or administrations you sell .
Information misfortune is n’t something to be messed with .
EaseUS best data recovery software is free accessible .
It ’s acceptable to see how information misfortune happens .
The primary driver includes :
Unintentional erasure
Robbery
Fire
The capacity media harmed truly
The disappointment of working framework or equipment
Not any more Lost Data
Record - keeping is pivotal in maintaining a business effectively .
Making sure about the records you keep ought to be organized .
Numerous information recuperation instruments can just recoup information .
Notwithstanding , the distinction between EaseUS Data Recovery Wizard Free and the rest is that it promises you ‘ Not any more Lost Data ’ .
Something significant worth referencing here is that this free information recuperation programming is the ideal instrument for examining your removable gadget , PC , or PC .
Upgrade to Pro
At the point when you need to go to the subsequent stage and recuperate all that you thought was lost , you would need to upgrade to the Pro version .
To appreciate this advantage , you should dispatch the product .
A while later , examine your gadget or PC .
From that point , allow it to leave on recuperating lost information .
The free preliminary variant , similarly just like the case with all other comparative programmings , can indeed do a limited amount of a lot .
The Perform gives all of you the highlights and abilities you have to recoup information .
Regardless of whether the information misfortune is a consequence of arranging , coincidental cancellation , hard drive disappointment or infection assault , you can believe this recuperation programming to give arrangements .
The misfortune that is the consequence of parceling , RAW dividing , framework crash , and different causes do n’t need to pressure you to the high sky .
There is nothing that the product ca n’t do .
In addition to the fact that it is anything but difficult to utilize safe on your server , PC , PC , and removable gadgets .
Why Invest in this Data Recovery Software ?
EaseUS Data Recovery Wizard
Free merits putting resources into due to the accompanying :
It ensures clear outcomes
It has a high achievement rate
It is productive and careful
It is adaptable and spares time
What amount does it cost ?
As you most likely know , EaseUS Data Recovery Wizard Free costs nothing .
The Pro version , then again , costs $ 69.95 .
The product ’s Data Recovery Wizard Pro +
WinPE rendition goes for $ 99.90 .
The two ace renditions have free preliminaries .
EaseUS Data Recovery Wizard Free can assist you with recovering up to 2GB of last information .
The Pro and Pro +
WinPE variants , then again , permit you to recoup as much information as you want .
EaseUS Data Recovery Wizard Free is accessible to utilize following downloading .
Then again , you will have the option to utilize the other two forms simply in the wake of getting them .
The product ’s UI makes information recuperation simpler .
The recently refreshed variant has improved examining and improved it than at any other time .
The product underpins different dialects .
In the wake of recouping the lost information , the product spares it with the goal that you can get to it whenever .
The terrorists in Mumbai might have committed inhuman acts , but in at least one way , they are just like you and me .
When authorities cut the cable feeds to the hotels where the terrorists held over 200 hostages , they relied on another piece technology to monitor the police response and the world 's reaction to the attacks : BlackBerrys .
Commandos were not only surprised to find the devices in the terrorists ' rucksacks , but that they used the internet to look beyond local Indian media for information , watching the global reaction in real - time as well .
Advertisement
It 's somewhat striking that the terrorists ' use of BlackBerrys " caught the anti-terrorist forces by surprise . "
While perhaps another step forward in the sophistication of their organization , in that it it makes communication more instant than ever , it 's long been reported that terrorist networks use the internet and cellphones for communication .
Why would n't they use the same tools that millions around the world use ?
They do n't all live in caves , you know .
That said , it does n't make it any less scary , either .
[ Courier Mail via Business Sheet ]
Melissa Britos : Model is A - Rod's Latest Obsession ( PHOTOS )
Is A - Rod cheating on Madonna ?
Move over , because it looks likehas his sites set on model
According to reports , A - Rod became " obsessed " with Britos after meeting her at the Fontainebleau Miami Beach opening party .
A friend of Melissa 's claims the slugger sent " at least a dozen text messages , asking her to spend time with him . "
A few days later , A - Rod was seen dropping Melissa off at her hotel and she wearing the same clothes she had on the night before .
As far as whether or not he is cheating on Madge , a friend of A - Rod says , " When she ’s not around and he is left to his own devices , he wants the company of other beautiful women .
" He ca n’t help it .
It ’s in his nature . ”
View photos of Melissa Britos below .
TEHRAN , Iran ( CNN ) --
Three alleged spies who are accused of working for Israel 's Mossad intelligence agency were arrested by Iran 's Islamic Revolution Guards Corps , the semi-official Fars News Agency reported Tuesday .
" Members of this network were in direct contact with Mossad , " Tehran 's prosecutor , Saeed Mortazavi , told Fars .
" These individuals have received training in bombings and assassination in the cities of Herzliya and Caesarea ( Israel ) . "
The suspected spies had 17 training sessions , he said .
IRGC Commander Maj. Gen. Mohammad Ali Jafari told Fars on Monday that his troops had arrested members of an Israeli spy network who collected and transferred information about Iran 's nuclear and military centers .
The news agency said it was not clear if Jafari and Mortazavi were speaking of the same people .
Jafari said more details would be forthcoming , Fars said .
Do n't Miss Iran executes man in Israeli spy case
Last week , Iran executed a man convicted of spying for Israel , state media reported .
Ali Ashtari , 45 , was convicted by Tehran 's Revolutionary Court in June of spying for Israel 's intelligence agency , Mossad , in exchange for money , according to Iranian media .
According to Ashtari's " confession , " published by Fars , he was a salesman who obtained high - end but security - compromised pieces of electronic equipment from the Mossad and sold them to military and defense centers in Iran .
Iran and Israel have been engaged in an escalating war of words .
Iran accuses Israel of trying to destabilize the republic .
Israel has not ruled out military action to halt Iran 's nuclear aspirations .
CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .
interview with a British councilor in Washington on Iraq war and oil ...
Researchers Say Their Metastasis Discovery Could One Day ' Stop Cancer From Killing People '
You can't stop cancer .
The nature of mutations is that they are n't predictable so they can't be vaccinated against or prevented in any way we understand those terms today .
Stopping cancer from killing people is another matter .
Metastasis is the ability of cancer cells to move from a primary site to form more tumors at distant sites and it's how cancer spreads and eventually kills .
It is a complex process in which cell motility and invasion play a fundamental role .
Essential to our understanding of how metastasis develops is identification of the molecules , and characterisation of the mechanisms that regulate cell motility .
These mechanisms have been poorly understood .
Now , a team of researchers lead by Professor Marco Falasca at Barts and The London School of Medicine and Dentistry has shown not only that the enzyme phospholipase Cγ1 ( PLCγ1 ) plays a crucial role in metastasis formation , but that down regulation of PLC γ1 expression is able to revert metastasis progression .
The team investigated the role of PLC γ1 in cell invasion and metastasis using different approaches to modulate its expression in highly invasive cancer cell lines .
Their results showed that PLCγ1 is required for breast cancer cell invasion and activation of the protein Rac1 .
They revealed a functional link between PLCγ1 and Rac1 that provides insight into processes regulating cell invasion .
Professor Falasca explained : " Consistent with these data we detected an increase in PLC1 expression in metastases compared to primary tumours in breast cancer patients .
Therefore PLCγ1 is critical for metastasis formation , and development and inhibition of this enzyme has a therapeutic potential in the treatment of metastasis dissemination . "
" This is an exciting discovery .
He has shown that turning off this molecule prevents metastasis .
The simple fact is that if you stop metastasis , you stop cancer from killing people .
We now need to focus on developing drugs that can block PLC γ1 . "
The top 10 most downloaded movies on BitTorrent , " Eagle Eye " tops the chart this week , and there are five other newcomers .
Quite a few new faces in the list for this week .
The Dark Knight , crowned the most pirated movie of 2008 is still present , but has dropped a few places .
The data for our weekly download chart is collected by TorrentFreak , and is for informational and educational reference only .
Currently both DVDrips , DVD Screeners and R5 rips are counted .
RSS feed for the weekly DVDrip chart .
Page not found
The requested page ( / magazine/ magrdir/news/magazine/1999/julaug/articles/condoms.html ) does not exist on this server .
You may have used an outdated link or may have typed the address ( URL ) incorrectly .
If you entered the URL manually , please check your spelling and try again .
If you think you have reached this page due to an error , please contact Online Customer Service for assistance .
When sipping your morning coffee from Darth Vaders helmet , you can now also brand your toast with a silhouette of the Dark Lord of the Sith , using this Star Wars toaster .
This black , ominous kitchen appliance easily leaves the mark of Vader ’s helmet in every yummy piece of toast .
Slather some Bantha butter on top , or make two pieces for an extra-Sithy BLT .
Force power not required to operate toaster .
The Darth Vader Toaster is estimated to arrive in January 2009 and the product can now be pre-ordered for $ 54.99 from the official Star Wars webshop .
( Via Nerd Approved )
Related Deals : Amazon Coupons
Virginia Postrel highlights this section of a David Plotz article on Ultimate Fighting to underscore McCain 's weird let 's ban everything instincts .
For example , McCain decided at one point that UFC bouts should be banned :
When I tell people I 'm an ultimate fighting fan , they invariably respond : " Do n't people get killed all the time doing that ? "
But no one has ever been killed at the UFC -- though boxers are killed every year .
No one has even been seriously injured at the UFC .
On the rare occasions when a bout has ended with a bloody knockout , the loser has always walked out of the ring .
But this does not impress boxing fans , who are the most vigorous opponents of extreme fighting .
McCain sat ringside at a boxing match where a fighter was killed .
When I asked him to explain the moral distinction between boxing and ultimate fighting , he exploded at me , " If you ca n't see the moral distinction , then we have nothing to talk about ! "
Then he cut our interview short and stormed out of his office .
I , for one , ca n't see the moral distinction and it seems troubling to contemplate the idea of a president who 's banning stuff based on moral distinctions he can't even be bothered to explain .
It was , however , straight - talky of him to at least come out and admit that he has no defense of his position on the issue besides a desire to impose his tastes on the country .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
It seems like they 're already everywhere - if you look down at your keyboard , one is providing the little green indicator for your Num Lock key , while another may be frantically blinking to inform you of your waiting voice mail .
On your next drive , chances are you will stop at a stoplight lit purely by LED's and perhaps may notice a blinker made up of small , bright lights instead of one bulb .
LED 's certainly are everywhere , faithfully providing indications of all kinds .
But , with a few exceptions , the primary purpose of an LED is to indicate rather than illuminate , despite the fact that LED 's do nothing useful besides produce light .
A few new developments , however , may bring solid - state lighting into our homes very soon .
Little , but Bright : LED 's may be poised to replace incandescent and compact fluorescent bulbs as our home or office light source .
Photo Credit : MIT
An LED , or Light Emitting Diode , is a type of circuit element that emits light when electrical current flows through it in the appropriate direction .
Like a normal diode , current flow is blocked when it travels against the direction of the diode .
When a positive voltage is applied to the positive side of an LED , the electrons that flow are required to jump down in energy as they cross the diode - emitting the lost energy as light .
This light is generated at one specific frequency , based on the characteristics of the materials used .
When creating white light that may be useful for lighting , however , a blending of many colors is needed - something the LED does not seemed easily poised to accomplish , despite numerous advances in LED technology .
Red light was the first visible light LED to be produced , in 1962 , followed by yellow and green .
Much later , in the early 1990's , blue - spectrum LED 's were developed - a huge advance in usefulness , since blue light can be combined with red and green to make white light .
However , this approach was inefficient , and companies were scrambling to make a single diode that could produce white light on its own .
Then , in 1993 , a company named Nichia created the first white LED using a blue LED with a phosphor coating .
The coating was the trick - it provided enough shifting of the light wavelength coming from the diode itself to create white colored light .
Why , then , are n't we using LED 's - which are much more efficient than either incandescent or fluorescent bulbs - to light up our homes and offices ?
The major problem , of course , is cost .
Current white LED 's require a substrate made of sapphire and an additional mirroring layer to reflect light that would otherwise be lost .
As a result , LED lights already on the market cost approximately $ 100 , far too much for the average consumer .
Researchers at Purdue University have found one method of significantly reducing the cost of a white LED by eliminating the expensive layer of sapphire .
Instead , they used silicon as the substrate ( the material the diode is printed on ) and zirconium nitride as the reflector .
This had never been done before , mainly because silicon reacts with zirconium nitride and changes its properties .
The researchers solved this by putting a layer of aluminum nitride between the silicon and zirconium nitride .
" One of the main achievements in this work was placing a barrier on the silicon substrate to keep the zirconium nitride from reacting , " said Timothy D. Sands , the Mary Jo and Robert L. Kirk Director of the Birck Nanotechnology Center in Purdue 's Discovery Park .
Reactor : Timothy D. Sands , left , watches over a reactor that deposits gallium nitride on silicon at a temperature of 1000° C. Photo Credit : University of Purdue Silicon also provides a crystalline structure that the other materials conform to when deposited on the substrate .
"
We call this epitaxial growth , or the ordered arrangement of atoms on top of the substrate , " Sands said .
" The atoms travel to the substrate , and they move around on the silicon until they find the right spot .
" Crystalline structure is very important to the efficient working of an LED - if the materials used to create the LED were sprayed on glass , for instance , the LED would operate very inefficiently .
Using silicon also reduces cost by allowing industry to scale up , or create large batches of LED 's on large wafers of silicon , something the semiconductor industry is already good at .LED lighting holds many advantages over traditional lighting , most notably in efficiency .
" If you replaced existing lighting with solid - state lighting , following some reasonable estimates for the penetration of that technology based on economics and other factors , it could reduce the amount of energy we consume for lighting by about one - third , " Sands said .
" That represents a 10 percent reduction of electricity consumption and a comparable reduction of related carbon emissions . "
LED 's are also more durable than incandescent or compact fluorescent bulbs , and have the added bonus of being devoid of mercury - a chemical found in compact fluorescent bulbs that makes them difficult to dispose of .E. Fred Schubert , a professor of electrical engineering and physics at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy , NY , recently published a paper where he describes the coming revolution of solid - state lighting .
" Replacement is fine , " he says .
" But we must look beyond the replacement paradigm to see the true benefits of LED lights . "
Schubert imagines large panels that are able to control all aspects of lighting for a room , far more than simply " on " or " off . "
With cheap LED 's available , many different wavelengths could be created in a room and blended to produce specific effects , like an accurate representation of sunlight at different periods of the day .
This is important , since current white LED 's produce a harsh bluish light that people generally do n't like to use when doing normal indoor activities , like reading .
The ability to control the hue and saturation of light is something many consumers may find appealing .
The way the industry is booming , Sands expects that we will have LED lights within 2 years .
There are still technical hurdles , but he expects industry to clear them easily .
" These are engineering issues , " he said .
" Not major show stoppers . "
Welcome to Llamasoft
30 years of making games we love to play and people like to play .
Join us now and share the experience of what makes Llamasoft games a kind of its own and what we are .
" The first step is making a nice game is make a game you love to play ... "
Llamasoft games been around since 1984 , they evolved and are always evolving around the new technologies and medias available always retaining the original vision of games that are fun to play .
Gameplay mechanics , humour , rewarding game experience , right feeling of the controls and a bit of a twisted vision is what you 'll find into our games .
During all this years a lot of people have played Llamasoft games some of which been considered to be some classics , like Tempest 2000 or Attack of the Mutant Camels to quote some of the most well known .
All those people that liked our work are still following us today .
These people are not just players , they are the people that followed Llamasoft during the development of the games , that seen the life of the games , that voiced their ideas and opinions on what we were doing , that lived together with us what been going on in all those years .
Some people say our games are not " mainstream " because they are different .
Yes , they are different but not everyone is the same in this world , we are what we are .
MacsimumNews
Macsimum News is now a part of MacNews.com .
MacNews packs in so much more in the way of features and information .
Please take a moment to read through the below so that you do n't miss what could quite possibly be your favorite new way to use the site .
AppleCentral ( the publishers of MacTech Magazine , MacNews , and MacForge ) acquired the " Macsimum News " site back in February 2010 , and Dennis Sellers has been working on both MacNews and MacsimumNews since then as we prepared to merge the sites .
All of Macsimum 's content has moved to be part of the MacNews archives -- and the old URLs articles will take you to the right place on MacNews .
MacNews now has over 70,000 articles in its archives .
Its 14 year heritage comes not only from MacNews and the six years of articles from MacsimumNews , but also all the archives from MacTech News , AppleCentral , MacMinute , MacMod , and macCompanion .
Owned by Xplain Corporation , AppleCentral is the umbrella brand for MacTech Magazine , MacTech.com , MacNews.com , and MacForge.net ( open source on the Mac ) .
MacNews is general Apple news and information , while MacTech is for the technical community .
" I 'm excited about the change , " says Dennis Sellers , founder , publisher and chief macsimizer at Macsimum News .
" I 'll serve as an editor at AppleCentral focusing primarily on MacNews .
I 've been a contributing writer for ' MacTech ' since long before this change .
I 've known and worked with Neil Tickin , editor - in - chief and publisher of MacTech for years .
The AppleCentral group of MacNews , MacTech , and MacForge is a great fit .
The acquisition gives me more time to do what I really like doing -- concentrating on writing , reviews and editorial content .
The 24/7 news , reviews , opinion pieces and Migration Kits ( which have been redubbed ' Category Reviews ' that have become staples of ' Macsimum News ' will continue .
If you like ' Macsimum News , ' you 'll love ' MacNews ' , " Sellers says .
" All the elements and features of ' Macsimum ' will continue under the new name , as well as lots of other great , new features . "
What the new MacNews Brings you
Forum users should create an account here and then use the AppleCentral Forums ( see http://forums.applecentral.com/) including some great areas dedicated to topics that we think you 'll love .
A couple of things to point out if you 've not already discovered them .
The home page is intended to be your " industry dashboard " and your starting point for most items .
News scanners :
We scan over 60 web sites and brings you up to date links from around the Apple community .
Click on a title , and you 'll see very quickly whether it 's an article you want to read .
Click on the arrow to the right , the link to the other site , or the " read more " link and you 'll see the full story .
Firehose :
Want to get all your information in one list like the old site ?
See the Firehose .
Even better , if you create an account and log in as a user , we 'll help you see what you 've already seen and what 's new .
Forum discussions :
Got a question ?
Ask the community for answers in our Forums .
News and Reviews :
See what our expanded editorial team has to offer .
Your entry point is the home page .
Rumor Scanners :
Want to hear the latest rumors about the industry ?
Our scanner is on the lookout for you .
Your entry point is the home page .
Documenation Scanners :
It 's hard to keep up with the latest knowledgebase entries , security alerts , and such .
Our scanner makes it easier for you right on the home page .
Whitepapers , Screencasts , Books , and Videos : Sometimes you just need more depth .
Our editorial team is on the lookout for you on the latest to bring you more , again right from the home page .
Site Wide , and Community Search : Search our family of sites , or if you 'd prefer a wider net , check out our Community Search that limits your search to the hand selected group of sites that provide quality information to the Apple community .
Latest deals : Looking for the deal of the day ?
See our showcases it for you .
Software Updates : Through our friends at MacUpdate , you can see the latest software updates hand picked by the editorial teams as the most relevant .
i Phone App Showcase :
See some of the hottest apps out there for your iPhone , iPod Touch , and iPad .
Jobs Board :
Our jobs scanner help you see the most recent Apple relevant job listings from all around the web .
A lot of effort has gone into the new site , and we 're not completely done yet .
But , rather than make you wait , we decided to launch it now in beta status .
Drop us a line with feedback and any issues .
The first place you should start is our new home page ... or put another way , your industry dashboard .
Click here to go to the home page now .
I know Lenore Skenazy 's terrific blog , Free - Range Kids , has been mentioned on BB before , but IMHO it 's relevant , especially when our kids are home from school for two weeks and we as parents have to choose between letting them zone out for hours with the new videogame Santa brought them , or giving them the opportunity to explore the world around them and perhaps push their abilities with a difficult project .
For Skenazy , Christmas
Day included a call from the police about her son because he was trying to ride a commuter train by himself to visit a friend .
The friend 's parents were waiting on the other end , but that apparently was n't good enough for the train conductor .
She describes their experience :
He – Izzy – has ridden this route solo a dozen times before .
It 's a straight shot on a commuter train and , as always , he was being met at the other end by his friend 's family .
But today 's conductor was appalled to see a boy riding alone .
For some reason , the conductor would n't talk to me , even though Izzy called from the train when the ordeal began .
The man had no interest in hearing me state what Izzy had already been telling him :
We believe a child of 10 is perfectly capable of taking a half hour journey by himself .
So instead the conductor and his superior got off at Izzy 's stop and then , as the train just sat there ( I 'm sure no one was a rush to get to their families on Christmas day ) , they awaited the police .
I got a call from the friend 's dad who was waiting to take Izzy home .
" We can not leave the station , " he said . "
" Why not ? " " The police have to decide what to do next . "
This is the sort of story that really chaps my ass .
I 'm firmly ensconced in the camp that believes today 's kids are being robbed of self - reliance and instead being instilled with fear and couch - potato health .
Our own kids have to wear their helmets when biking or skating , but they get to go on adventurous bike rides ; the 13 - year - old frequently rides on his own or with friends .
The 6 - year - old does n't venture out on his bike without us , but he does explore the few acres of woods around us by himself and he's so fond of sliding down the hill by our house that we bought him a long rope for Christmas so he can " rappel " back up the hill and slide down again .
And we understand that a small hamlet in the forested hills of Sonoma County is n't the same as the wilds of NYC or Chicago , but we 're fairly secure in thinking that we 'd lean toward the free - range side even in those environs .
We make it a point to take our kids to big cities several times each year , and they 're allowed to wander a bit .
Sometimes it 's scary – I once lost my then 10 - year - old in the American Natural History Museum in NYC for about 20 minutes after he begged me to let him take the top route while I took the bottom .
When we eventually found each other I scared him even more by yelling at him ; this was my own fear actualized , which I later had to apologize for .
But hey , he knows I care and that I 'm not perfect , and hopefully I gave him an example of cleaning up your outbursts .
And when we returned to the museum this year , he had a great story to tell his little brother .
– Shawn
Free Range Kids
( Shawn Connally and Bruce Stewart are guest bloggers )
London Times
Saturday , Dec 20 , 2008
Flashback : Unexplainable Cutting Of Internet Cables Points To Sabotage
Flashback : UN agency : Internet Cables Possibly Sabotaged
Breaking news : something ’s happening to the internet , right now .
We ’re just not quite sure what .
Interoute , the internet networks company , reports that three of the four internet sub-cables that run from Asia to North America have been damaged .
These carry more than 75 per cent of traffic between the Middle East , Europe and America .
It ’s hard to gather what this actually means – is it that the internet is down or ( more likely ) significantly slower than usual between the Middle East and America ?
( If you ’re reading this , let ’s face it , the internet has not shut down altogether )
But , according to the company , there is a domino effect taking place .
Interoute says it is :
hearing that offices have lost their entire private network connectivity .
As a result , users are unable to do their daily job over the internet and are turning to their mobile phones to communicate across the globe .
This is having a knock on effect on the domestic voice networks , which are getting a surge of calls needing to be routed internationally .
These calls need to be routed onto international gateways that pass voice traffic in longer directions around the world to avoid the cable breaks – causing more quality issues and risk more call failures , in turn causing more calls to be placed and increasing the pressure on local voice networks .
What ( I think ) this means is that companies ’ private internet services have gone down .
So , if they can get access , they have had to go on the public internet and mobile phones , like the rest of us average joes , to get their work done .
That results in more strain on mobile phone networks , which means more phone calls go down and the internet becomes slower .
Here ’s the big problem right now :
Finance companies [ are ] looking to settle trades on European and American exchanges .
This cable outage means there is no real - time access to , for example , trading ticker services .
This means branch offices are compromised when trying to place trades .
As private networks are being affected , these organisations are forced to rely on public internet services that may have more latency and may not update as quickly .
The loss of time even precious seconds is hugely important to trading exchanges .
These public internet services are now struggling to cope with peak in demand – leading to increased latency , and further compromising the integrity of the trading data .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
I ’m told that these major sub - sea cables break once a year .
So companies have developed a fall - back plan .
If one sub - sea cable is out , traffic is re-routed onto a second cable .
In theory , a dual break , where both cables go out at once , is incredibly rare .
Prior to January this year , it had not happened before .
The problem with all of this is that it ’s hard to see the impact , or its significance , until something disastrous happens .
So , we ’re keeping an eye on it and like we said , er , something ’s happening to the internet .
UPDATE : AP report mass outages in Egypt
UPDATE : India suffers massive internet disruption after undersea cables break
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Chapter 0 : Introduction
This is part of an online book called Source Control HOWTO , a best practices guide on source control , version control , and configuration management .
What is source control ?
Sometimes we call it " version control " .
Sometimes we call it " SCM " , which stands for either " software configuration management " or " source code management " .
Sometimes we call it " source control " .
I use all these terms interchangeably and make no distinction between them ( for now anyway -- configuration management actually carries more advanced connotations I 'll discuss later ) .
By any of these names , source control is an important practice for any software development team .
The most basic element in software development is our source code .
A source control tool offers a system for managing this source code .
There are many source control tools , and they are all different .
However , regardless of which tool you use , it is likely that your source control tool provides some or all of the following basic features :
It provides a place to store your source code .
It provides a historical record of what you have done over time .
It can provide a way for developers to work on separate tasks in parallel , merging their efforts later .
It can provide a way for developers to work together without getting in each others ' way .
HOWTO
My goal for this series of articles is to help people learn how to do source control .
I work for SourceGear , a developer tools ISV .
We sell an SCM tool called Vault .
Through the experience of selling and supporting this product , I have learned something rather surprising :
Nobody is teaching people how to do source control .
Our universities often do n't teach people how to do source control .
We graduate with Computer Science degrees .
We know more than we 'll ever need to know about discrete math , artificial intelligence and the design of virtual memory systems .
But many of us enter the workforce with no knowledge of how to use any of the basic tools of software development , including bug - tracking , unit testing , code coverage , source control , or even IDEs .
Our employers do n't teach people how to do source control .
In fact , many employers provide their developers with no training at all .
SCM tool vendors do n't teach people how to do source control .
We provide documentation on our products , but the help and the manuals usually amount to simple explanations of the program 's menus and dialogs .
We sort of assume that our customers come to us with a basic background .
Here at SourceGear , our product is positioned specifically as a replacement for SourceSafe .
We assume that everyone who buys Vault already knows how to use SourceSafe .
However , experience is teaching us that this assumption is often untrue .
One of the most common questions received by our support team is from users asking for a solid explanation of the basics of source control .
Best Practice : Use source control
Some surveys indicate that 70 % of software teams do not use any kind of source control tool .
I can not imagine how they cope .
Throughout this series of articles , I will be sprinkling Best Practices that will appear in sidebar boxes like this one .
These boxes will contain pithy and practical tips for developers and managers using SCM tools .
We need some materials that explain how source control is done .
My goal for this series of articles is to create a comprehensive guide to help meet this need .
Somewhat tool - specific
Ideally , a series of articles on the techniques of source control would be tool - neutral , applicable to any of the available SCM tools .
It simply makes sense to teach the basic skills without teaching the specifics of any single tool .
We learn the basic skills of writing before we learn to use a word processor .
However , in the case of SCM tools , this tool - agnostic approach is somewhat difficult to achieve .
Unlike writing , source control is simply not done without the assistance of specialized tools .
With no tools at all , the methods of source control are not practical .
Complicating matters further is the fact that not all source control tools are alike .
There are at least dozens of SCM tools available , but there is no standard set of features or even a standard terminology .
The word " checkout " has different meanings for CVS and SourceSafe .
The word " branch " has very different semantics for Subversion and PVCS .
So I will keep the tool - neutral ideal in mind as I write , but my articles will often be somewhat tool - specific .
Vault is the tool I know best , since I have played a big part in its design and coding .
Furthermore , I freely acknowledge that I have a business incentive to talk about my own product .
Although I will often mention other SCM tools , the articles in this series will use the terminology of Vault .
The world 's most incomplete list of SCM tools
Several SCM tools that I mention in this series are listed below , with hyperlinks for more information .
Vault .
Our product .
' Nuff said .
SourceSafe . Microsoft .
Old. Loved .
Hated .
Subversion .
Open source .
New . Neato .
CVS .
Open source .
Old. Reliable .
Dusty .
Perforce .
Commercial .
A competitor of SourceGear , but one that I admire .
BitKeeper . Commercial .
Uses a distributed repository architecture , so I wo n't be talking about this one much .
Arch .
Open source .
Distributed repository architecture .
Again , I spend most of my words here on tools with a centralized server .
This is a very incomplete list .
There are many SCM tools , and I am not interested in trying to produce and maintain and accurate listing of them all .
Audience
I am writing about source control for programmers and web developers .
When we apply some of the concepts of source control to the world of traditional documents , the result is called " document management " .
I 'm not writing about any of those usage scenarios .
When we apply some of the concepts of source control to the world of graphic design , the result is called " asset management " .
I 'm not writing about any of those usage scenarios .
My audience here is the group of people who deal primarily with source code files or HTML files .
Warnings about my writing style
First of all , let me say a thing or two about political correctness .
Through these articles , I will occasionally find the need for gender - specific pronouns .
In such situations , I generally try to use the male and female variants of the words with approximately equal frequency .
Second of all , please accept my apologies if my dry sense of humor ever becomes a distraction from the material .
I am writing about source control and trying to make it interesting .
That 's like writing about sex and trying to make it boring , so please cut me some slack if I try to make you chuckle along the way .
Looking Ahead
Source control is a large topic , so there is much to be said .
I plan for the chapters of this series to be sorted very roughly from the very basic to the very advanced .
In the next chapter , I 'll start by defining the most fundamental terminology of source control .
With its decision last week to pump an additional $ 1 trillion into the financial crisis , the government eliminated any doubt that the nation is on a wartime footing in the battle to shore up the economy .
The strategy now -- and in the coming Obama administration -- is essentially the win- at - any - cost approach previously adopted only to wage a major war .
And that means no hesitation in pledging to spend previously almost unimaginable sums of money and running up federal budget deficits on a scale not seen since World War II .
Indeed , analysts warn that the nation ’s next financial crisis could come from the staggering cost of battling the current one .
Just last week , new initiatives added $ 600 billion to lower mortgage rates , $ 200 billion to stimulate consumer loans and nearly $ 300 billion to steady Citigroup , the banking conglomerate .
That pushed the potential long - term cost of the government ’s varied economic rescue initiatives , including direct loans and loan guarantees , to an estimated total of $ 8.5 trillion -- half of the entire economic output of the U.S. this year .
Advertisement
Nor has the cash register stopped ringing .
President - elect Barack Obama and congressional Democrats are expected to enact a stimulus package of $ 500 billion to $ 700 billion soon after he takes office in January .
The spending already has had a dramatic effect on the federal budget deficit , which soared to a record $ 455 billion last year and began the 2009 fiscal year with an amazing $ 237 - billion deficit for October alone .
Analysts say next year ’s budget deficit could easily bust the $ 1 - trillion barrier .
“ I did n’t think we ’d see that for a long time , ” said Maya MacGuineas , president of the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget .
“ There ’s a huge risk of another economic crisis , a debt crisis , once we get on the other side of this one . ”
But the Bush administration and the economic team that Obama is rapidly assembling like a war Cabinet are vowing to spend whatever it takes to avoid a depression ; they ’ll worry about the effect later .
Advertisement
“ I do n’t think that there ’s any way of denying the fact that my first priority and my first job is to get us on the path of economic recovery , to create 2.5 million jobs , to provide relief to middle - class families , ” Obama told reporters last week .
“ But as soon as the recovery is well underway , then we ’ve got to set up a long - term plan to reduce the structural deficit and make sure that we ’re not leaving a mountain of debt for the next generation . ”
The mountain is already there , and rising faster than at any time since the 1940s , when the United States was fighting a global war .
Analysts say the current flood of red ink calls into question Obama ’s ability to launch programs such as middle - class tax cuts and a healthcare overhaul .
In 1993 , a deficit only a third the size of next year ’s projected $ 1 trillion prompted President Clinton to abandoned his campaign pledges of tax cuts .
Advertisement
Once the financial crisis eases , higher interest rates and soaring inflation will be risks .
If they materialize , they could dramatically increase the government ’s borrowing costs to meet its annual debt payments .
For consumers , borrowing could become more expensive even as the price of everyday items rise , holding back economic growth .
“ We could have a super sub - prime crisis associated with the meltdown of the federal government , ” warned David Walker , president of the Peter G. Peterson Foundation and former head of the Government Accountability Office .
But even deficit hawks such as Walker acknowledge that the immediate crisis is priority No. 1 . Just as with World War II , the government can worry about paying the bills once the enemy is defeated .
“ You just throw everything you have at the problem to try to fix it as quickly as you can , ” said David Stowell , a finance professor at Northwestern University ’s Kellogg School of Management .
“ We ’re mortgaging our future to a certain extent , but we ’re trying to do things that give us a future . ”
Advertisement
Washington could wind up spending substantially less than the sum of the commitments .
Though the total estimated cost of the government ’s efforts adds up to $ 8.5 trillion , only about $ 3.2 trillion has been tapped , according to an analysis by Bloomberg .
And not all the money committed is direct spending .
About $ 5.5 trillion in loan guarantees and other financial backing by the Federal Reserve is included in the total .
“ The only way those commitments would become obligations would be if the economy completely collapsed , in which case it ’s a whole new ballgame anyway , ” said John Steele Gordon , a business and economic historian .
The government even stands to make money on some expenditures , such as the $ 330 billion it has used to buy equity in banks and other financial institutions through the Treasury Department ’s Troubled Asset Relief Program .
Advertisement
In the $ 1.2 - billion bailout of Chrysler in 1980 , the government ended up gaining $ 311 million when it sold stock options back to the company three years later .
But the federal efforts to forestall a depression are still historic in scope .
A $ 1 - trillion deficit next year would represent about 7 % of the nation ’s total economic output , or gross domestic product .
That would top the 5.9 % reached during the height of the Great Depression in 1934 but would fall well short of the deficits of World War II .
In 1943 , the high point , the deficit amounted to 30 % of GDP .
The national debt is soaring too .
In September , the National Debt Clock in New York City ran out of digits as the figure ticked over $ 10 trillion .
The debt is now larger than the 45 % of GDP it reached at the end of the Great Depression , but less than in 1946 , when war spending had pushed the debt to 129 % of GDP , said Gordon , author of “ Hamilton ’s Blessing : The Extraordinary Life and Times of Our National Debt . ”
Advertisement
There ’s a potentially crucial difference , however , between the spending then and the commitments now :
Much of the Depression - World War II spending was on industrial production -- building new factories and converting existing plants to produce tanks , planes and ships .
Huge sums also went into developing new technologies .
Those investments , combined with pent - up consumer demand and savings from the lean war years , quickly led to budget surpluses and sharp economic growth in the late 1940s as the baby boom began .
Analysts warn not to expect that to happen again .
This time the government spending is largely ethereal , with the Federal Reserve printing more money to inject liquidity into the financial system and keep banks and other institutions afloat .
And savings rates are low .
Advertisement
“ Too many Americans have overextended themselves with regard to credit and debt , and too many have been following the bad example of the government , ” Walker said .
“ It is imperative that we recognize that this country has been living beyond its means and that we face large and growing structural deficits even after we turn the economy around . ”
Walker said he understands the need to attack the financial crisis .
But the spending only adds to the looming problems of unfunded Social Security and Medicare commitments as baby boomers begin to retire .
He noted that the Moody ’s bond - rating firm fired a shot across the government ’s bow in January with a warning that spending on entitlement programs poses a long - term threat to the triple - A rating for government bonds .
And that was before the financial crisis .
Interest rates remain low because of the crisis .
But they will rise , particularly when the U.S. government starts borrowing more money to cover its growing debt , analysts predict .
That could cause inflation to increase as well .
Advertisement
“ We could easily enter into a highly inflationary situation because of all the stimulus we have and all the borrowing we have once it works its way through the economy , ” MacGuineas said .
“ The single most important priority right now is to stabilize the economy . . . but it really means that there is a huge risk on the other side . ”
--
jim.puzzanghera@ latimes.com
April 22 , 2009
Participants in Government Investment Plan
Most financial institutions have received capital infusions via the Treasury 's Capital Assistance Program , a bank - share purchase program intended to restore confidence in banks and get them to lend .
This program is funded with $ 250 billion of the $ 700 billion Troubled Assets Relief Program authorized by Congress in October 2008 via the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act .
Below , see a list of participating companies .
Click the headers of the columns to sort by company , state and amount .
Last updated : 4/22/2009
WSJ.com
To enjoy our complete interactive experience , please download a free copy of the latest version of Adobe Flash Player here .
The version of Adobe Flash Player required to view this interactive has not been found .
To enjoy our complete interactive experience , please download a free copy of the latest version of Adobe Flash Player
American Express Co. won fast approval to become a bank - holding company , helping the credit - card giant gain access to a chunk of the $ 700 billion in federal funds being pumped into financial firms .
The move shows how quickly financial - services firms that have long relied on the capital markets are racing to shore up their funding sources as the credit crisis drags on and economic turmoil spreads around the world .
The ...
The Indian navy said it seized weapons from the arrested pirates .
The Indian navy says it has arrested 23 Somali and Yemeni pirates who tried to storm a ship in the Gulf of Aden .
A navy spokesman said it had responded to a mayday call from MV Gibe , flying under the Ethiopian flag .
Several countries have warships patrolling the gulf amid growing international concern about piracy .
Meanwhile , US Defence Secretary Robert Gates said better intelligence was needed for a land attack on pirate bases to be considered .
Mr Gates , speaking at a security conference in Bahrain , also called for shipping companies to do more to protect their vessels travelling through the Arabian Sean and Indian Ocean .
Arms cache
The Indian government said in a statement that the captured pirates had a cache of arms and equipment , including seven AK - 47 assault rifles , three machine guns , and a rocket - propelled grenade launcher .
The pirates would be handed over to the appropriate authorities , the statement added .
Last month , India 's navy said it had sunk a pirate " mother vessel " off Somalia .
But it later emerged that the vessel was actually a Thai fishing trawler that had been seized by pirates off Yemen .
Better intelligence Mr Gates told the security conference : " The need for increased maritime security and potentially new and better means of co-operation has been highlighted by the recent high - profile acts of piracy off the coast of Somalia and in the Gulf of Aden .
Robert Gates called for companies to protect their ships better " As with terrorism , piracy is a problem that has serious international implications and should be of particular concern to any nation that depends on the seas for commerce . "
Mr Gates said most ships could outrun the pirates and they should take more preventative measures , like pulling up their ladders when at sea and perhaps placing armed guards on board .
When asked by the BBC if the US intended to attack the pirates ' land bases , Mr Gates replied that the US and its allies would first need to acquire better intelligence on who is behind the ongoing attacks on shipping .
He said he believed that just two or three Somali clans were responsible and that the individuals involved needed to be targeted accurately to avoid killing innocent civilians .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Tourism is the country 's biggest earner
The president - elect of the Maldives , Mohamed Nasheed , says he wants to buy a new homeland for his people .
He says that the gradual rise in sea levels caused by global warming means the Maldives islanders may eventually be forced to resettle elsewhere .
The Maldives is the lowest nation in the world .
Its highest land is little more than two metres above sea level .
The United Nations estimates that sea levels may rise globally by nearly 60 centimetres this century .
Devastation fears
The Maldives comprise more than 1,000 islands and coral atolls surrounded by the clear waters of the Indian Ocean .
The white sandy beaches are a major tourist attraction bringing in billions of dollars every year .
Now Mohamed Nasheed , who will be sworn in as the country 's first democratically elected president on Tuesday , has said that he will set up a fund to acquire land in other parts of the region .
Mr Nasheed 's spokesman , Ibrahim Hussein Zaki , told the BBC's World Today programme that the new government had to take action .
" Global warming and environmental issues are issues of major concern to the Maldivian people .
We are just about three feet ( 0.91 metre ) above sea level , " Mr Zaki said , speaking from the capital , Male .
" So any sea level rise could have a devastating effect on the people of the Maldives and their very survival " .
Similar culture
Over the last century , sea levels around parts of the archipelago rose by nearly 20 cm .
Mr Nasheed fears that even a small rise could leave some islands inundated .
Mr Nasheed celebrating his recent election victory Mr Nasheed 's plan is to create a " sovereign wealth fund " using tourism revenues to buy land so that future generations will have somewhere to rebuild their lives if they have to leave .
He wants somewhere within the region , where the culture is similar - possibly India or Sri Lanka .
His fears is that if he does not take action , the future descendents of the 300,000 islanders could become environmental refugees .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Hemp is one of the most versatile plants in the world ; hemp fibres can be used for paper and textiles , the seeds are a good source of unsaturated oil , which can be used for cooking and as fuel .
Hemp can even be used to make plastics .
Hemp requires few pesticides and leaves the soil clean for other plants after cultivation .
With all these applications one would think it would be hyped as the ' Emperor of crops ' .
Yet it has been buried in the annals of history for reasons that would not look out of place in a Le Carrier novel .
A little History
Since the latter half of 1998 the awareness of hemp has been rising .
Interest in hemp first came to light in the west in the 1930's when hemp was actually described as a ' billion dollar crop ' and a bright future was predicted .
However it was not to pass .
What follows is story that is fascinating , full of skull - duggery , conspiracy , media manipulation any spin- doctor would be proud of , and ultimately the triumph of self - interest .
The biggest reason for this burial was that in the 1930's Dupont obtained patents from making nylon from coal , paper from trees and plastic from oil , and did n't want to see hemp as a potential competitor .
Remarkably but not surprisingly , the companies chief financial backer at the time , Andre Mellon , owned large swathes of timber land and oil .
Mellon appointed his nephew - in - law Harry Anslinger to the Federal Bureau of Narcotics while other Dupont backers such as the Hearst newspaper group began to influence public opinion towards the perceived evils of marijuana .
This also saw the rise of the pulp fiction novels with wonderfully lurid covers and titles such as ' I was a slave to marijuana ' and films such as Reefer Madness .
Basically this propaganda strategy worked and in 1937 Congress outlawed hemp .
The actual science was buried , and the fact industrial hemp has such a low THC content that you would be better off smoking bananas was quietly hushed in order to confuse the public .
Not only did the probation of hemp protect Du Pont but also many other corporations such as Dow and Monsanto - all of whom had vested interests in ensuring hemp industries did n't see the light of day .
Another twist in the tail and ' would you believe it ' factoid : car manufacturer Henry Ford grew hemp on his estate to experiment with methanol production and both he and Rudolph Diesel ( diesel inventor ) predicted by the end of the millennium cars would be running on hemp .
Hemp production briefly re-emerged in 1942 when the federal government encouraged American farmers to grow it for the war effort .
For more info : www.ethicalmatters.co.uk...
Basically marijuana being made illegal had nothing to do with smoking it !
It had everything to do with big business , DUPONT and MONSANTO and DOW , wanting to makes billions of dollars on clothing made of crappy plastic fibers = POLYESTER as well as other products that hemp would have kept them from making as much money on !
( Emphasis in original )
During 2008 , dynamic languages picked up a lot of momentum .
Indeed , in IronPython
In Action , Foord and Muirhead describe this momentum somewhat amusingly : “ dynamic languages are trendy ; all the alpha - geeks are using them ! ”
With what is the largest known IronPython codebase forming a large part of their careers , the authors are well - placed to provide us with accurate and authorative information coupled with practical code examples .
Should I Buy This Book ?
You should buy this book if you wish to understand where the Dynamic Language Runtime fits into your .NET toolkit .
If you are looking for better ways to test your code , dynamic languages and duck typing lend themselves to mock objects : you should buy this book to discover the gems of chapter 7 .
If you are searching for the Holy Grail that is an extensible application architecture , you need this book for chapter 15 alone .
If you are an existing .NET programmer , this book is for you : it will carry you through your first steps into the dynamic language runtime and will provide you with a good grounding in the Python language .
If you are new to programming and are unsure where to start , this is also the book for you : it provides a high - level overview at the start of each chapter followed by a reasonably detailed explanation .
It may be 400 pages , however it ’s free from lengthy introductions and reams of source code .
Extensive use of footnotes provide links to further information if it ’s required .
Overview
Spread over 15 chapters and some 400 or so pages , IronPython In Action takes advantage of Manning ’s relaxed reading layout .
The chapters themselves are grouped logically into four main areas :
Part 1 : Getting Started With Iron Python .
Three chapters that cover an introduction to the Python language , its origins and its structure .
We ’re also given our first foray into using .NET objects in the IronPython implementation .
Part 2 : Core Development Techniques .
Five solid chapters covering the post - introduction territory .
Design patterns , first class functions , properties , dialogs , agile testing , metaprogramming and protocols are covered in some detail .
Part 3 : IronPython and Advanced .NET .
A further five chapters that focus solidly on using IronPython in the .NET environment .
Windows Presentation Foundation , ASP.NET , database access , web services and , very importantly , working with Silverlight using IronPython .
Part 4 : Reaching Out With IronPython .
Two chapters finish the main content : using C# ( and , if you must , Visual Basic ) with IronPython and incorporating the IronPython langauge into your own application .
It ’s worth noting that this book is very well organised .
The chapters lead into each very nicely , however they can be read in isolation .
The authors do make fine use of each chapter ’s summary to provide this lead - in to the next chapter .
In Detail
What you get – chapter by chapter
Part 1 : Getting Started With Iron Python
1 . A new language for .NET
Positioning IronPython in the plethora of languages now available for .NET and the Common Language Runtime , this chapter provides an excellent and waffle - free explanation of IronPython ’s history / background – it may be a new language for .NET , however the Python language has considerable heritage .
It also covers how it integrates with the CLR and what we might expect to be able to achieve with IronPython .
Indeed , being able to use IronPython within client - side web applications built using Silverlight is introduced to us early in this chapter – this is a point well - made by the authors .
Python fans of old will appreciate this chapter ’s coverage of the productivity gains offered by IronPython , particularly if you are hoping to target multiple processors and to introduce multi- threading into your application .
Similarly , existing .NET programmers will be pleased to see that there is an explanation of how the CLR handles dynamic languages .
If you have been focusing on the CLR using C# , Visual Basic , Delphi , etc. you may have missed or chosen to miss the arrival of dynamic languages and the Dynamic Language Runtime ( DLR ) .
Over the course of a few pages , this chapter covers many of the salient points that dynamic languages have to offer – it covers a lot of ground very quickly , which is a good thing in this reviewer ’s opinion .
In preparation for Chapter 2 , the authors spend the latter 10 or so pages positioning [ Iron ] Python as multi-paradigm programming ( procedural , functional and metaprogramming ) .
We ’re also treated to our first look at some Python code .
Of course , in order to use IronPython , there are some prerequisites : the authors provide download links to all that is required to get started with ipy.exe , the interactive interpreter .
The examples themselves are very elementary , but that is to be expected this early on in the book .
Actually , the examples are only elementary on the surface , they do serve to remind us about the inner workings of a .NET application .
The authors make extensive use of footnotes ; there are 42 in chapter one alone , an unintentional reference to Douglas Adams ’ question to “ Life The Universe and Everything ” : whilst IronPython
In Action is a good book , I ’m afraid to report it that it does n’t answer that question !
Footnotes are a good thing , the keep the main text free from interruptions yet provide us with a place to look for further and / or related information .
2. Introduction to Python
Chapter 1 set the scene very well , we now have an understanding of where Python came from , how it works and what we can expect to do with IronPython in .NET .
For the sake of completeness , this chapter ’s 36 or so pages cover the features and constructs that make up the Python programming language .
As .net programmers , you may well be familiar with most of this chapter .
However , as newcomers to programming or newcomers to the Python language , this chapter is essential reading .
In a nutshell , you ’ll be reading about Python datatypes , strings , numbers , lists , tuples , dictionaries , sets , “ none and the booleans ” , names and object references , mutable and immutable objects , statements and expressions , conditionals and loops , functions including callable objects , built - in functions , classes , exception handling closures and scoping rules , list comprehensions , “ modules , packaging and importing ” , docstrings and the Python Standard Library .
Once again , the authors cover these in enough detail such that you do n’t find yourself tiring or getting bored reading through page after page … 29 footnotes provide you with places to go for more information .
3. .NET objects and IronPython
Chapter 1 introduced us to IronPython and touched on .
NET .
Chapter 2 explained the Python language .
Chapter 3 brings that learning together by providing a full example of IronPython in action [ sic ] .
If you are familiar with a .NET application built using C# or Visual Basic , and you are comfortable reading MSDN documentation , you ’ll find this chapter easy reading .
It ’s in this chapter that the use of “ highlighted keypoints ” , indented paragraphs of text that contain pertinent information , becomes obvious .
The authors have clearly made good decisions to include certain items of information in - line rather than the possible use of footnotes .
It ’s a very granular chapter , the authors take us through code line by line , property by property , with careful interjection of explanatory text .
As a seasoned .NET programmer , I found this chapter a good read and a reminder of my university days looking at functional programming languages .
16 or so pages take us through the creation of a .
NET “ Hello World ” application built using IronPython .
Expect to see coverage of the Form class , .NET types : structures , enumerations and collections , event handling , delegates , event handlers in IronPython and subclassing .NET types .
This chapter does make mention of a few topics that suggest “ some experience is required ” , however it is by no means expected .
It provides a good overview of how IronPython interacts with the .NET framework and its inherent types .
Experienced .NET programmers will be very comfortable after reading this chapter .
Indeed , if you too leave this chapter feeling that some experience of design patterns is assumed , fear not , it is covered in the next chapter .
Part 2 : Core Development Techniques
4. Writing an application and design patterns with IronPython
In part 2 of IronPython In Action , we can expect to read about many of the development techniques that are central to any programming language , in this case with a Python slant .
Chapter 4 kicks off a look at building an application that makes use of the Model View Controller design pattern , a far cry from the “ Hello World ” example we saw earlier .
This chapter introduces a grander and more practical application , a multi-page document editor called MultiDoc .
Spread over 30 pages , we are introduced to data modelling , duck typing , the model view controller ( MVC ) , the command pattern , savefiledialog , writing files ( from . NET and Python ) , more on exception handling , the save and saveas commands , menu classes and lambda functions , .NET classes for toolbars and images , and GUI operations .
The explanation of the MVC is concise and sets the scene very well indeed .
Other books dedicate more space to a similar explanation , however this is a book about IronPython not design patterns !
I found the ground - up code examples , again demonstrating very granular development , laid the foundations for a solid understanding of IronPython , its usage and its nuances .
5 . First class functions “ in action ” with XML
Building an application in today ’s Internet - aware world will ultimately require the use of XML at some stage in its development .
. NET itself provides extensive support for the creation and consumption of XML documents and data from a vast array of sources .
IronPython , as chapter 1 touched on , can be used to build client - side web applications built using Silverlight .
For that reason , amongst many more , we should expect IronPython to share .
NET ’s love for XML .
This chapter , spanning around 24 pages , provides us with a grounding in IronPythons XML support .
It also explains the concept of a first class function , an important concept in the world of functional programming languages .
Of course , if XML has managed to pass you by , you ’ll be pleased to know that the authors provide a single page overview of what XML looks like and they touch on a few of its nuances .
With that introduction out of the way , it ’s straight into the .NET XmlWriter class .
The authors fine - grained approach is starting to become very “ all inclusive ” : as I ’m reading about , for example , XmlWriter I ’m thinking about all the things I might want to be able to do with an XmlWriter object – the authors , very timely , then start discussing the properties of XmlWriterSettings .
The line by line approach of coding / explanation continues throughout this chapter .
The authors build up MultiDoc using the creation of an XML document as the basis of the code samples .
Useful points and gotchas , such as XML document conformance levels are touched on as and when required .
Expect to read about XmlWriter , a custom DocumentWriter class , reading XML using XmlReader and a custom XmlDocumentReader .
6. Properties , dialogs , and Visual Studio
So far IronPython In Action has introduced us to the MVC design pattern .
This chapter extends that knowledge by discussing how the Observer pattern needs to be integrated into the MultiDoc application .
It ’s clear that the authors have considerable knowledge that they wish to pass on to us , particularly the importance of application design decisions and the kind of problems that design patterns can either solve or alleviate .
That being said , this is not “ Design Patterns In Action ” , so do n’t expect a deep dive into the inner workings of the MVC or Observer patterns , but do expect to see them implemented using IronPython .
This chapter demonstrates the need for a visual development environment .
The code samples , whilst kept to the essentials , do make reference to the positioning of controls on a form .
It is for that reason that the latter pages , of the 26 that make up this chapter , cover the use of Visual Studio Express and IronPython , the Visual Studio Forms Designer particularly .
In keeping with IronPython ( ipy.exe ) , Visual Studio Express is also free ; despite earlier references to a commercial Python for .NET Integrated Development Environment ( IDE ) , you can develop IronPython applications without spending any money .
Using IronPython and C# ( or Visual Basic for that matter ) is the covered in a later chapter .
However , the Visual Studio Express coverage in this chapter does suggest that there is some element of cross- language work taking place .
Indeed there is : the authors are making use of the code generated from the Visual Studio Express Forms Designer , they then make reference to it in MultiDoc .
This avoids the need to use write IronPython code that handles the creation and design of a user interface … just let use the Forms Designer to create the user interface , then let IronPython subclass from the generated code .
An interesting approach and an approach that has served these authors well .
7 . Agile testing : where dynamic typing shines
In today ’s software development discipline , design patterns are considered best practice .
Equally , it ’s difficult to avoid mention of “ agile ” and “ unit testing ” .
Chapter 7 covers testing of your IronPython code , particularly automated testing using the Python test framework called “ unittest ” .
This chapter does keep its explanation of unit testing to a minimum , presumably because so much has been written about it elsewhere ( including this reviewer ’s own content ) .
Indeed , the reader is referred to the footnotes for further information .
Python , being a dynamic language , lends itself to different testing techniques , a point not missed by the authors when they discuss Testing with Mocks .
Statically typed languages , where the compiler expects types to match , means that testing is limited to real objects of an expected type .
Dynamic languages can take advantage of duck typing , whereby objects need only implement attributes / methods that are present in test cases .
This chapter explains the differences between mock objects and stubs , and makes good and appropriate reference to definitive sources on the subject .
Spanning 30 pages , this chapter covers a lot of testing material , applying it to the MultiDoc application .
Expect to read about unit tests , functional tests , regression tests , setUp and tearDown , test suits with multiple modules , testing with mocks , the art of the monkey patch ( modifying live objects ) , the Listener design pattern , mocks and dependency injection , interacting with the GUI thread and asynchronous interactions .
8. Getting deeper into IronPython : metaprogramming , protocols , and more
As you might expect at this stage in the book ( over half way through ) and with a chapter title that includes the words metaprogramming and protocols , the “ hello world ” days are well behind us .
This is 32 - page chapter takes us on a deep dive into the Python programming language and demonstrates some of the true “ magic ” that is on offer .
The authors make no secret of the fact that they work for Resolver Systems and that they have a very large IronPython codebase .
Something that caught my eye in this chapter was the syntax : worksheet .
A1 = 3 as a means of setting the value of a spreadsheet ’s cell A1 .
In static programming languages we would have to provide a property definition for A1 .
Implementing A2 , A3 , etc. would of course be a laborious exercise , never mind the unreadable code that would follow .
Using a combination of attributes and magic methods the authors present us with the six lines of IronPython that are required to handle this scenario in a dynamic language : very impressive , very tidy , very concise and very readable .
Expect to read about protocols vs interfaces , magic methods , representing string as objects , truth testing of objects , operator overloading , iteration , generators , equality and inequality , dynamic attribute access , metaprogramming , IronPython and the CLR , .NET Arrays , overloading methods , parameter accessors , value types , .NET interfaces and attributes and the static compilation of IronPython code .
Part 3 : IronPython and Advanced .NET
9. WPF and IronPython
This chapter takes IronPython right into the heart of .NET with discussion about the Windows Presentation Foundation ( WPF ) , Windows Communication Foundation ( WCF ) , Windows Workflow Foundation ( WWF ) and Windows Cardspace .
By virtue of the discussion about WPF , the authors also spend some time introducing XAML , the eXtensible Application Markup Language .
As with the previous chapters , we are presented with a line by line example of how to go about creating a “ hello world ” application using WPF .
This is actually rather good as it gives the authors a chance to introduce the salient WPF namespaces .
In contrast to the “ WPF via code ” , we ’re also given the same example using XAML , as mark up .
With the introduction to WPF over , this chapter then dives into dealing with grid layouts , WPF controls , ComboBox and CheckBox , Image control , the Expander control , the ScrollViewer , TextBlock and the XamlWriter class : it ’s worth noting that we ’re given sample code that demonstrates each these controls .
Chapter 9 goes on to take a very interesting direction by discussing XML Paper Specification ( XPS ) Documents and the management of flowing content .
The remaining 6 or so pages out this chapter ’s 30 pages discuss the use of the FlowDocument classes for presenting flowing content in a WPF application .
The reason that I think this is an interesting direction , is because WPF and XAML , coupled with XPS , are meshing the work of developers and designers in ways that were could never have been imagined even a few years ago .
10 . Windows system administration with IronPython
With its roots as an interpreted language , it should come as little surprise that many folks see Python as a scripting language .
Indeed , Python is an excellent scripting language but it ’s also a good language for developing complete systems .
However , that ’s not the focus of this chapter , instead we ’re treated to 30 pages of nitty - gritty system admin - type operations .
Expect to read about : Shell Scripting with IronPython , reading configuration files , traversing directories / folders and filtering filenames .
Sitting nicely inside the world of scripting , Windows Management Instrumentation ( WMI ) is given some 10 pages of coverage .
Since WMI is at the heart of the Microsoft Windows operating system , it ’s excellent to see it being covered and with copious code examples written using IronPython .
However , no mention of scripting in a Microsoft environment would be complete without a mention of PowerShell .
Indeed , the remaining 14 or so pages cover : using PowerShell from IronPython , Using IronPython from PowerShell , Embedding IronPython in PowerShell , creating STA threads , Asynchronous Events without Blocking and Calling Python and Returning Results .
There ’s a lot of good detail presented in this section , much of it demonstrating the heavy lifting work that you might find yourself doing inside the PowerShell environment .
11 . IronPython and ASP.NET
This chapter contains a thankfully brief introduction to ASP .
NET ’s predecessor , ASP .
More space is given to an explanation of ASP.
NET and IronPython : this is a good thing as it allows developers who are new to ASP .
NET to understand why web applications are built the way they are .
It ’s pretty much in keeping with other chapters of IronPython
In Action , the introduction to ASP.
NET is just enough to ensure the reader will understand the remainder of the chapter .
Adding IronPython to ASP.NET necessitates the installation of Visual Studio Express and IronPython for ASP.
NET , the URLs are provided in this chapter .
The standard ASP.
NET compilation and execution model and the differences that are required for use with dynamic languages .
So much so , Microsoft ’s DLR team have built a new “ compilation ” model , as covered by David Ebbo ’s whitepaper .
The bulk of this chapter ’s 28 pages covers the implementation of a web - based version of the MultiDoc application that was introduced earlier .
To do this , the authors cover such things as : handling [ ASP.
NET ] events in IronPython , the ASP.
NET infrastructure , the App_Script folder , Global.py , Web.config , page structure , databinding , code - behind , page lifecycle , handling viewstate and conversion MultiDoc into a user control .
12 . Databases and web services
32 pages provide an overview of database technologies and web services .
By now you will know that the authors like to provide a high - level overview of the chapter contents , chapter 12 is no different .
We are treated to a brief foray into the relational model , with gratuitous reference to the man himself , Edgar Codd .
We ’re also presented with an introduction to ADO.
NET and all that it entails : DataSets , Data Providers , Connections , Commands , etc .
Interestingly , the authors have chosen to use PostGreSQL as the underlying database for this chapter ’s example .
On the whole , this chapter is standard stuff .
You ’ll learn how to connect to a database , execute commands , set parameters , query the database , read multi-row result sets , work with transactions , and use DataAdaptors and DataSets .
If you ’re comfortable using ADO.
NET in a statically - typed language such as C# , little has changed in the dynamic world .
Today ’s connected world would n’t be the same without web services .
This section provides us with a very good overview of such things as : SOAP , HTTP Methods ( GET , POST , PUT and DELETE ) , WDSL , and REST .
A simple note taking web application makes up the code sample .
It presents the IronPython required to implement note addition , deletion , update and list .
When the second edition of this book is commissioned , I would like to see the web services content given a chapter of its own .
13 . Silverlight : IronPython in the browser
If I had to pick one chapter to call my favourite chapter , this is it .
Why ?
Well it mentions three words that appeal to me : Silverlight , Tetris and Twitter .
I tell a lie , it also mentioned Deep Zoom which is another watch word for me .
I was a little disappointed to learn that the Tetris cover was minimal , however there ’s some good stuff in the Twitter coverage so my disappointment was short lived .
Early in this chapter we are shown how to load some XAML using an IronPython Silverlight application , it ’s only a few lines of code but it ’s nonetheless impressive .
We ’re then treated to coverage of a handful of the common Silverlight controls , along with some code to work with them .
I was pleased to read the section about Packaging a Silverlight application : it covers enough of what you need to know in order to package a Silverlight application and does so without going into too much detail .
It ’s a great overview of what required and enough to make this section entirely readable .
A Twitter application is a relatively simple thing to develop .
However , it does require using a variety of technologies .
We are , after all , retrieving selected data from a web site then presenting it to the user .
The user may also interact with that data , which adds a little complexity .
The authors understand this and provided a great explanation of the underlying issues that we might have implementing such an application .
I was pleased to read about : cross domain policies and debugging Silverlight applications – both of which are supported by code samples .
The Twitter application is developed over the course of 13 of this chapter ’s 30 pages .
Accessing network resources , parsing XML , working with threads ( particularly the infamous UI thread ) and using isolated storage are covered in order to take the application to completion .
Part 4 : Reaching Out With IronPython
14 . Extending IronPython with C#/VB
This chapter should not be a surprise to any reader .
The CLR allows multi-language development in the statically - typed world , so it stands to reason that IronPython has some means of cross-language interaction .
No time is wasted , within the first few pages of this penultimate chapter ’s 26 pages , we ’re presented with C# and Visual Basic code that is callable from IronPython .
It ’s good to see that calling unmanaged code with the P / Invoke attribute warrants some 5 pages of this attention .
Whilst the code samples are themselves short , some of the lines of code are a little too long , however this is n’t a criticism , it ’s just the way C# and Visual Basic are : in comparison to Python , they are somewhat “ verbose ” .
Creating Python classes that can be consumed by C# or Visual Basic is another matter as we are essentially mixing a dynamic language with a static language .
That being said , the authors are very quick to point out that it is possible using the .NET attribute [ SpecialName ] .
We ’re given 6 pages that cover using dynamic ( or “ Pythonic ” ) objects from a C# or Visual Basic perspective .
I ’m grateful for the simplicity the authors go to in order to keep their example easy to read , this is potentially sore head territory .
The remainder of this chapter covers Python ’s magic methods , APIs with keyword arguments and / or multiple arguments and compiling / using assemblies at runtime .
15 . Embedding the IronPython engine
Spanning some 34 pages this chapter is by far the most technical chapter in this book .
And as you might expect , it does what it says on the tin , it discusses in some detail how we might incorporate the IronPython engine inside a C# or a Visual Basic application .
The ability to run Python scripts from within your CLR - based .NET application is frankly astounding , the authors present us with everything we need in order to achieve this in just a few lines of code .
Similarly , the ability to treat Python code as part of your application ’s “ plug in ” architecture makes extending and customising your applications without altering the primary codebase so much easier .
Given that such functionality , extensible application architectures , are becoming commonplace , this chapter serves us well .
It ’s examples are to - the - point and are supported by sensible quantities of explanatory narrative .
This chapter closes with coverage of how we might use DLR objects from .NET languages .
Of course , and I am stealing the authors ’ thunder here , it ’s possible to modify Python code without the need for a re-compile ( Python code can even be generated on - the - fly ) .
Resources
Michael Foord ’s blog
This book ’s web - site , including source code
This book ’s publisher
Jim Hugunin ’s Thinking Dynamic
The most sustained speculative attack on the pound since Britain was ejected from the Exchange Rate Mechanism in 1992 sent sterling to its lowest ever level against the European single currency today .
Fears that the UK will suffer a long and painful recession to match any of the three big downturns since the Second World War helped push sterling to € 1.1391 - and prompted concerns that further heavy selling could result in the exchange rate falling to parity over the coming months .
Selling was prompted by a prediction from the National Institute for Economic and Social Research , an economic thinktank , that the UK economy will shrink by more than 1 % in the fourth quarter of 2008 .
The longest decline in manufacturing since the industrial slump of the early 1980s , the retrenchment in consumer spending and the deep downturn in the housing market have made investors nervous of holding sterling .
Analysts at Commerzbank warned that the UK would suffer " the worst recession in the developed world " , while Howard Archer , chief European and UK economist at IHS Global Insight , warned that the economy would shrink by 2 % in 2009 - a much steeper decline than the 1 % drop in output forecast by Alistair Darling in last month 's pre-budget report .
One business website specialising in information for private investors said that 73 % of the " short " positions - selling an asset in the hope of buying it back more cheaply later - were against sterling .
Andy Yates , director of data provider DigitalLook.com , said : " Private investors have had a very tough time over the last year so it is interesting that they have been making some decent profits from the slide in the pound .
Concerns over the length of the UK's recession and Government borrowing really started mounting as the summer ended and our figures show that a lot of private investors realised that there was an opportunity here to make money by going short on sterling . "
Foreign exchange dealers believe that attempts by the Bank of England to kick start the economy will result in further cuts in bank rate in early 2009 and that borrowing costs will remain low for a considerable period .
The pound has sunk nearly 20 % against the euro in the past year as UK interest rates fall from a peak of 5.75 % to 2 % and is down by more than 25 % against the dollar since the summer .
It was trading at $ 1.48 today compared to a recent peak of $ 2.11 earlier this year .
Mark O'Sullivan , director of trading at Currencies Direct , said he expected to see a " series of record lows " for the pound against the euro in the run-up to Christmas , with sterling possibly falling as low as € 1.10 .
" I do n't think we 'll see parity but you can never rule it out , " he added .
But O'Sullivan predicted that the pound would recover during 2009 as the European Central Bank cut interest rates to boost demand in the struggling eurozone .
Forget the FBI , Interpol or Jack Bauer .
No one tracks down a miscreant as fast as China 's online vigilantes .
Lin Jiaxiang , a maritime safety official from Shenzhen , recently became the latest target of the charmingly named " human flesh search engine " - the mass internet pursuit , some say witchhunt , of those accused of bad behaviour .
In Lin 's case , security camera footage of his row with a man whose 11 - year - old daughter he was accused of grabbing led to his swift identification and sacking .
The practice is not unique to China ; only the graphic name .
But with the world 's largest internet population ( 250 million - plus , and growing each day ) , it has proved particularly effective here .
Show an official abusing his position , a woman crushing kittens with high heels , or simply a student boasting of her luxurious life as a mistress , and outraged citizens swing into action , closely analysing photos or quotes for the tiniest clues to identity or whereabouts .
The notorious kitten killer of Hangzhou was unmasked by hundreds of internet users who traced her through an eBay purchase of stilettos .
She lost her job shortly afterwards , as the virtual anger spilled over into real life .
Others have suffered paint - soaked walls and faeces - covered doorsteps as well as death threats and abuse by phone , email and fax ; though not physical attacks , which suggests that even the angriest participants observe limits .
That does not make it easier for targets , especially when the search hits on the wrong person .
A Tibetan living in the United States was deluged with abusive phone calls and emails after he was wrongly named as the man who tried to grab the Olympic flame from Paralympian Jin Jing in Paris .
But one , at least , is fighting back .
Wang Fei was vilified after his wife killed herself and relatives blamed his alleged affair with a colleague .
He is now suing the internet sites that hosted the search .
Yet even his lawyer Zhang Yanfeng is reluctant to condemn the phenomenon entirely .
Harnessing online people power is usually good for society , he thinks .
" It only becomes negative when they search for people and then violate their privacy rights . "
Most Roma unlawfully placed in schools for disabled children
Prague - European Roma organizations said at a conference held on 12 - 13 November in Prague that the Czech government has failed to prevent segregation of Romani children in special primary schools for children with mental disabilities .
The charge , backed by a research conducted earlier this year , comes exactly a year after the European Court of Human Rights ruled that such a practice represents unlawful discrimination under international laws .
In the case , the families of 18 Romani children complained that they had been placed in special schools as a result of their ethnic origin .
Special schools still exist
A school law effective from 2005 , intended to eliminate discrimination of Roma , abolished special schools and replaced them with so - called practical schools .
The reform also introduced preparatory classes and Romani teaching assistants at standard primary schools to facilitate the integration of children from disadvantaged backgrounds .
Despite the reform and the ruling of the Strasbourg court , Romani children remain over - represented in former special schools , now relabelled as practical schools , where they are taught according to substandard curriculum designed for children with mental disabilities .
According to research conducted by the European Roma Rights Centre ( ERRC ) and the Roma Education Fund ( ERF ) , Romani children represented more than a half of the student population in 14 of the 19 schools visited by the researchers .
" The alarming thing is that school directors , parents and even pupils themselves put an equals sign between ' practical school ' and ' school for Roma ' , " says Tara Bernard , who participated in the research project .
Yet , some Czech education experts warn against the Roma groups ' recommendation that practical schools be abolished and Romani children fully integrated in standard primary schools .
" Our education system is not ready for that .
We would only expel those children from schools .
They would just quit , " says sociologist Ivan Gabal .
Rushed decisions
The Roma organisations behind the research point out that the pedagogical - psychological counselling centres that decide about the placement of children in practical schools use the same methodology they used before 2005 .
The researchers have found out that the decision about a Romani child is often made in one session that lasts 15 to 30 minutes .
" The Czech Republic does not have a law that would order a repeated examination of children in practical schools , " says Bernard .
She adds that a vast majority of these children will never be able to go to continue with secondary or tertiary education .
Representatives of the pedagogical - psychological counselling centres argue that Romani children are being transferred to practical schools at the request of their children .
The ERRC - ERF research confirms this , but its authors point out that Romani parents often do so because they themselves used to be segregated in special schools , and because they do not have enough information about what the placement in a practical school will mean for their children .
The lack of education among the Romani community then translates into a high unemployment rate .
According to a survey by the World Bank , the overall quality of education among Roma has been constantly decreasing since 1989 .
The Roma groups also criticise a lack of any statistics .
The Education Ministry has only recently started collecting data on pupils ' nationality , the language they speak at home and the type of school and grade they attend .
So far only estimates have been available .
As we now are realizing in growing agony , the first $ 350 billion in TARP funds were poorly managed and did very little to improve the economic conditions of this country .
In fact , I have argued that the U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve through various market actions have taken actions to make saving money a very unattractive proposition for most Americans .
Ironically , the only institutions saving any money right now are those participating in the TARP since they are holding onto the money with a clenched fist .
First , let us look at a chart that can be very misleading :
At first , you might think that banks are doing so well , that they have decided to stop borrowing any money from the Federal Reserve .
Just look at the major decline .
Yet this is occurring because these institutions have shifted their focus from taking loans with the Fed , and are now looking for free money from the TARP program .
After all , the capital injections are a watershed for participating institutions .
This program is such a joke and is a reason why we are now hearing rumblings of full on nationalization of a few of these organizations .
First , let us take a look at those participating in the TARP program :
Now , let us look at the market cap of these banks :
Total market cap of TARP participants ( those we can value ) = $ 336.4 billion
Think of how absurd this is .
We can flat out purchase all these institutions with the additional $ 350 billion tranche and still have $ 14 billion to buy gold plated commodes for many Americans .
Instead , it is hard to believe the argument is still left on the table about injecting more capital in banks that are simply holding tighter to the money .
This above back of the napkin calculation shows you how patently absurd the TARP has gotten .
It is time to nationalize these banks .
They are insolvent .
What we need to do is not exactly a great option but it is the best option we have .
We need to take over the organization .
Once we own the place , we need to separate the good , the bad , and the ugly .
At this point , we own the bank so we ’ll deal with the consequences and we ’ll also take the incentive out of hiding poor earnings such as level 3 assets and other toxic mortgage backed securities .
Right now , the tax payer is getting the worst of all worlds .
First , we get a tiny fraction of the bank upside and the bank gets free tax payer money .
What is the benefit in that ?
How does that help anyone else aside from the bank ?
The fact that the $ 350 billion is larger than the market cap of these TARP participants is stunning .
We might as well create a new “ good bank ” , free of any problems and simply start lending the $ 350 billion directly to consumers .
The housing market is going to be in shambles for many more years .
The fact that existing home sales perked up today is simply a reflection of 30 or 40 percent of the REO and foreclosure re-sale inventory clearing out of the market at rock bottom prices .
The Case - Shiller report will reflect these massive price declines .
Some people have been pointing to the adjusted monetary base as a sign that yes , this money is making its way out to the public :
The monetary base from August of 2008 to December of 2008 shot up by $ 800 billion .
You would think that this money is now floating out there in our economy .
It is not .
We need only look at the excess reserves of depository institutions :
Interesting .
Excess reserves went from $ 1.9 billion in August of 2008 to $ 767 billion in December of 2008 .
Banks are simply sitting on free tax payer money or using the money to repair their broken balance sheets .
Yet this money is not being funneled out to the consumer in the form of loans .
Why would banks lend money to consumers ?
People are flat broke anyways with $ 49 trillion in debt in our country .
That is why giving this money to banks , the wolves guarding the hen house money was absurd and expecting this money to be thrown out to consumers was such a waste .
If you can , you should contact your congress person and let them know to give up the TARP plan and let us nationalize a few of the banks .
At this point , we are already committed and nationalization is the best policy .
We already know how corrupt these Wall Street banks are so why in the world are we going to trust them to save us at this point ?
The first $ 350 billion is out the door but that second tranche is n’t .
Let us admit the TARP is a failure and use that $ 350 billion more wisely by strategically nationalizing a few of the banks and finally , cleaning out the books of these companies .
The bad bank idea is simply a stupid pipe dream for these banks .
Now after receiving all this capital ( your money by the way ) , want to create a bad bank to dump off the most toxic of toxic assets and then , want the tax payer to pay for that mistake .
That is absurd !
They took the risk in good times and now , want to keep the profits while passing off the losses .
No .
What we need to do is take over these banks , oust management , and any profits will come to us .
If they do n’t like that , then they are on their own .
Banks will participate because they have no choice .
They are insolvent as it stands .
Nationalization is the best policy .
Here are the 3 options we have :
1. More TARP .
All this will do is suck more capital into banks with little upside for the economy and tax payers .
Reminds me of the Christopher Walken SNL skit of “ we need more cow bell . ”
Banks think they need more TARP .
2. Bad bank .
Dumbest idea .
This will allow banks to slough off god knows what kind of assets and force tax payers to foot the bill of their massive incompetence .
3. Nationalize .
Not ideal but at least we as tax payers own and control the institution .
If we want to lend , we do it .
It is absurd that we are hoping these institutions lend when we are giving them the damn money !
4 . Do nothing .
Economy implodes .
Either way , times will be tough and this will be the worst recession since World War II .
Time to get smart about this .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
As a web designer you ’re encouraged to write valid code , but is it really important ?
I ’ve took a look at the reasons behind validation and checked out 25 of the web ’s most popular websites to see if they bother validating their code .
What is validation ?
Validation is a process of checking your documents against a formal Standard , such as those published by the World Wide Web Consortium ( W3C ) for HTML and XML - derived Web document types , or by the WapForum for WML , etc .
It serves a similar purpose to spell checking ... W3C
Why validate , what are the benefits ?
1. Non uniform browser correction
Non valid pages rely on the browser to auto - correct your code , and each browser does this differently .
So if you forget to close a tag , Firefox might ignore this but Safari does n’t and you end up with a broken layout .
2. Rendering time
If your code is valid the browser has to do less thinking as it does n’t have to correct any code , therefore the page will render faster .
3. Future proofing
You never know what ’s around the corner in regards to technology but the chances are that if you have valid ( X ) HTML , you ’re ensuring that your website will work with future technologies .
4. Google prefers valid code
Shaun Anderson conducted an interesting validation test ; Does Google like valid code ?.
This experiment included 4 pages with the same content but a mixture of valid and non-valid HTML and CSS .
The result was that Google picked up the page that had valid HTML and valid CSS and indexed this page over the rest .
5. Accessibility
A valid site is more likely to be accessible to all types of browsers , platforms and screen readers .
6 . Self satisfaction
If feels good when you run a validation check on your site and you see the green bar appear :)
What are the common validation errors and how to fix them ?
a. Ampersands
This always catches me out .
Ampersands must be written ‘ &’ and not just ‘ &’ .
This is true for writing urls too .
html < a href = " http://images.google.com/imghp?hl=en&tab=wi ">
b. Quotations
Element property values must be put within quotes .
```html
c. Closing tags
d. Doctypes
e. Nesting elements incorrectly
```All elements must be closed off , even image tags if you 're using a XHTML DTD .
```html```Your page must have a valid Document Type Definition ( DTD ) at the top of the page , and take note that it is case sensitive .
```html ```Elements must be opened and closed in order .
```html
Paragraph
Do the web 's biggest sites validate ?
What about the design community ?
Conclusion
Does your site validate ?
Further Reading
```So do all the big and popular websites out there validate ?
Below I 've put together a selection of some of the most popular websites and ordered them from best ( valid ) to worst .
Looking at some of the biggest sites ( and authors ) in the design and technology community .
I think it 's worthwhile validating your websites and it's good practice .
From looking at the sites above however ( which are all great sites and designs ) , it 's obvious that not having a validated website is not the end of the world .
If you 're like me though It was very hard work trying to track down valid websites for this post so it would be great to see some examples .
Use the W3C Validator to check your site then submit your link and comments below .
It would also be good to hear your points about validation and if you think it 's worthwhile .
Sponsored link : LusterForever.com - Cool silver charms and leather bracelets design !
Totally awesome sterling silver bracelets .
Get Your API Key
Lightweight and powerful , the Domainr API is highly customizable .
Use as a drop - in replacement or supercharge your existing domain search system .
Ready to get started ?
Try it for free at RapidAPI .
Babies born by Caesarean section ' more likely to develop asthma '
Children born by Caesarean section are more likely to suffer from asthma
Babies delivered by Caesarean are at greater risk of asthma than those born naturally , warn researchers .
A new study will increase concern about the soaring rate of Caesareans , particularly for mothers who are ' too posh to push ' and want the convenience of a planned operation .
Although emergency Caesarean births can be life - saving , planned surgery is recognised as riskier for mothers because they are more likely to develop complications and spend twice as long in hospital as women having a natural delivery .
But new research published today in the journal Thorax adds to worries about the hazards for infants .
It found babies delivered by Caesarean were 80 per cent more likely to be be diagnosed with asthma in childhood , compared with those born naturally .
Although the exact reasons are unknown , surgical babies may be missing out on hormonal and physiological changes that happen during labour which are necessary for the immune system and lungs to mature .
Previous research has linked elective Caesareans with an increased risk of respiratory difficulties in new - borns , but different studies have produced conflicting results .
However , Swiss doctors carrying out the latest study believe the findings are the strongest yet because more than 3,000 children were monitored for eight years .
The diagnosis of asthma also depended on the use of inhaled steroids , which meant borderline cases were excluded .
By the time they were were eight , 12.4 per cent of children had been diagnosed with asthma .
Just 8.5 per cent of children had been born by Caesarean section , but they were almost 80 per cent more likely to have been diagnosed with the respiratory disease than those delivered vaginally .
The link was even stronger for around one in 10 children with two allergic parents , who were at a stronger inherited risk as a result .
They were almost three times more likely to be asthmatic by the time they were eight , compared with children whose parents were not allergic , who were around 36 per cent more likely to be diagnosed with asthma .
The latest findings come amid controversy over the rising number of Caesareans , with experts trying to cut the rate which is up to one in three in some parts of the country - twice the 15 per cent recommended by the World Health Organisation .
Fewer than half of all mothers in the UK have a completely natural birth , with 55 per cent requiring forceps , ventouse ( suction cap ) or a Caesarean to assist with delivery .
Dr Caroline Roduit , of Kinderspital Zurich , Universitats - Kinderlinik , Zurich , who led the study , said an increased risk of asthma may lie in the timing of the priming of the immune system to resist allergic disorders .
Caesarean delivery delays exposure to microbes that kick - start the immune system to respond to allergenic substances .
Dr Roduit said pregnant women should be fully informed about the possible extra risk to their child if they chose a Caesarean for ' social ' reasons .
She said : ' The increased rate of Caesarean section is partly due to maternal demand with medical reason .
' In this situation the mother should be informed of the risk of asthma for her child , particularly when the parents have a history of allergy or asthma . '
Dr Mike Thomas , Chief Medical Adviser to Asthma UK charity , said : ' This study builds on previous evidence indicating that birth by Caesarean section may increase the risks of asthma , particularly in children whose parents have asthma or allergies .
' Sometimes a Caesarean section is needed for medical reasons , but where possible a natural birth is better . '
Last year a Danish study found a link between planned Caesareans and breathing problems in babies .
An Oxford University study found women could be four times more likely to die in childbirth if they opted for a Caesarean instead of natural birth .
The review of more than 94,000 births showed that women who had a planned Caesarean put themselves and their babies at increased risk of complications .
Known risks to the mother include bleeding and infection , while babies are more likely to need specialist care .
The Motion Picture Association of America has wasted no time when it comes to cozying up with Sen. Barack Obama .
Hours after Obama became the 44th president - elect , MPAA Chairman Dan Glickman applauded the Illinois senator 's victory .
In a statement , Glickman said Hollywood " stands ready to work constructively with the Obama administration and the new Congress to revitalize our economy and American 's place in the world . "
Translation : Let the lobbying begin .
Perhaps Glickman , a former congressman , wants to get an early foot in the door to help the new administration choose the nation 's first copyright czar .
Or Glickman might be cuddling up to the next president because Obama has said he wants ( .pdf ) to reform the nation 's intellectual property laws " to promote civic discourse , innovation and investment while ensuring that intellectual property owners are fairly treated . "
And none of this should come as a surprise .
The MPAA — the litigation arm of Hollywood 's studios — is a certified lobbying organization that even paid a hacker to bankrupt TorrentSpy , a now defunct torrent tracker .
The MPAA and its musical counterpart , the Recording Industry Association of America , began seeking the favor of the next president at the major party conventions two months ago .
With the election not even 24 hours old , we suspect Hollywood is n't the only lobbying front already snuggling up to the next president .
Webster Griffin Tarpley
Infowars
December 8 , 2008
Gates is a secret government toady , not the autonomous figure of integrity required to terminate US involvement in Bush ’s catstrophic Iraq adventure .
The nomination of Robert Gates to be Secretary of Defense must be rejected .
Gates is deeply implicated in three decades of crimes by the intelligence community .
There is no reason to think he intends to begin the necessary rapid departure of US forces from Iraq .
His nomination by Bush can only be read as a deliberate provocation directed against the new Democratic Congress .
Will the Democrats fight back , or will they capitulate ?
The American people are watching the Democratic Senators carefully , and they are appalled by the self - congratulatory and clubby narcissism of the Senate at a time when US forces are facing encirclement and decimation in Iraq and Afghanistan . .
Senators must not only vote against Gates ; they must stop the confirmation process with a filibuster .
A look at Gates ’ sordid record shows why .
Robert Gates was an integral part of the gun-running , drug- running , and death squad murders lumped under the heading of the Iran - Contra scandal .
Gates started in Iran - contra as a stooge of William Casey , and continued under Bush the elder .
When Gates was nominated by Reagan to be head of the CIA in 1987 , his role in Iran - contra crimes was already so filthy and so blatant that he was forced to drop out of contention under questioning .
In doing this , Gates was seeking to defend his new master , George H.W. Bush , who at that time was preparing a presidential bid for 1988 .
The elder Bush was the czar of all Reagan - Bush covert operations , including Iran- contra .
Gates fell on his sword to avoid revelations which would have doomed the candidacy of Bush the elder .
Payback for Gates came in June 1991 , when he was nominated once again to be head of the CIA , this time by Bush the elder .
Sam Nunn and some others posed embarrassing questions , but this time the cover - up of Gates ’ Iran - contra role was supervised by Sen. David Boren of the Bush Skull & Bones clique .
The Democrats , intimated by the elder Bush ’s apparent victory in the first Gulf war , rolled over .
If Gates was too dirty to even get to a vote in committee in 1987 , how can he be acceptable today ?
If Democratic Senators like Levin and Biden opposed Gates in 1991 , how can they find him acceptable for a much more important post at a time of far greater crisis ?
Gates ’ resume is marked by a total absence of independent and competent judgment .
His pedigree is rather that of a stooge who serves powerful masters .
The first was Reagan ’s CIA Director William Casey , the kingpin of Iran - contra .
The second was George H.W. Bush , who took over that role from Casey .
Gates appears as a Bush family retainer , as when he was tapped by the family in 1999 to become Dean of the George Bush School of Government and Public Service at Texas A&M University .
Gates is a secret government toady , not the autonomous figure of integrity required to terminate US involvement in Bush ’s catstrophic Iraq adventure .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The Bush regime has become infamous for fixing the facts and the intelligence to suit the pre-determined policy of aggression and adventurism .
As Pentagon chief , Gates would control the majority of the US intelligence budget .
His track record promises nothing but more faked intelligence .
In September 1991 , Time Magazine cited widespread reports that Gates “ cooked the books ” while he was at the CIA to support the political demands of the Reagan and Bush regimes .
A New York Times editorial of November 4 , 1991 concluded that “ charges that Mr. Gates slanted intelligence assessments , leaving Congress in the dark and more amenable to administration policy , stand unrefuted . ”
George Shultz reports in his memoirs that he “ felt that Gates was giving me an idealized picture of what was an altogether different reality , ” and complained to Gates on January 5 , 1987 , “ I do n’t have any confidence in the intelligence community I feel you try to manipulate me .
So you have a very dissatisfied customer .
If this were a business , I ’d find myself another supplier . ”
The Senate would be well advised to find itself another supplier today .
Will Gates resist the new attacks on Iran , Syria .
North Korea , demanded by Cheney and the neocons ?
His assurances in this regard are worthless .
In the final report of the Independent Counsel for Iran / Contra Matters , Lawrence Walsh left little doubt that he believed Gates had given perjured testimony during that investigation .
But Walsh concluded that the matters involved were so complicated that it would be very difficult to prove them before a jury .
For this reason and for no other , Gates did not face criminal charges for perjury .
Most damning of all is the fact that Gates was one of the founders of al Qaeda , the CIA ’s Arab Legion which was assembled to attack the Soviets in Afghanistan .
Gates is thus part of the infrastructure that produced the patsies of 9/11 :
According to former CIA Director Robert Gates ’s memoir From the Shadows , the big expansion of the US covert operation in Afghanistan began in 1984 .
During this year , “ the size of the CIA ’s covert program to help the Mujaheddin increased several times over , ” reaching a level of about $ 500 million in US and Saudi payments funneled through the Zia regime in Pakistan .
As Gates recalled , “ it was during this period [ 1985 ] that we began to learn of a significant increase in the number of Arab nationals from other countries who had traveled to Afghanistan to fight in the Holy War against the Soviets .
They came from Syria , Iraq , Algeria , and elsewhere , and most fought with the Islamic fundamentalist Muj groups , particularly that headed by Abdul Resaul Sayyaf .
We examined ways to increase their participation , perhaps in the form of some sort of ‘ international brigade , ’ but nothing came of it .
Years later , these fundamentalist fighters trained by the Mujaheddin in Afghanistan would begin to show up around the world , from the Middle East to New York City , still fighting their Holy War ­ only now including the United States among their enemies .
Our mission was to push the Soviets out of Afghanistan .
We expected a post -Soviet Afghanistan to be ugly , but never considered that it would become a haven for terrorists operating worldwide . ”
( Gates 349 )
But the international brigade Gates talked about was in fact created ­ as the group now known as al Qaeda .
( Tarpley , 9/11 Synthetic Terror , pp.139-140 )
This is the same al Qaeda which provided the troupe of patsies , psychotics , and double agents ( bin Laden , Atta , Moussaoui , etc. ) which were used to pin the 9/11 attacks on Arabs and Moslems ­ instead of the US bankers ’ rogue network which actually carried out 9/11 for geopolitical reasons .
Gates is up to his ears in the terror apparatus of this rogue network , the September criminals who created 9/11 .
There can be no question of approving such a candidate .
Even the Senate ’s willingness to hold hearings for so compromised a figure amounts to an obscene farce .
In the recent election , Democrats campaigned against the rubber - stamp Republican Congress .
These same Democrats dare not rubber stamp the Gates nomination now .
In particular , Democratic presidential candidates in the Senate are reminded that if they fail to filibuster Gates , the aroused anti-war base of the Democratic Party will demand accountability on the campaign trail .
We do not want bi-partisan sellouts , but rather a real opposition to the Bush regime and its crimes .
Above all , we want 9/11 truth as the essential precondition for restoring lawful government .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
We have specialist Whiplash Injury Claim Solicitors across England , Scotland and Wales waiting to help you now .
We have specialist Whiplash Injury Claim Solicitors ready to help you across Great Britain .
You are here :
Whiplash
Whiplash and Whiplash Claims
Find out how you can make a claim for whiplash , why it might be absolutely vital to your health that you do so , and how even a very low speed accident can cause a whiplash injury .
What Is Whiplash ?
Whiplash is the term used to describe a soft tissue injury to the neck when you are involved in a car accident .
The term “ whiplash ” is usually used to describe only rear end collisions , often where a car is stationary and another car drives into the rear of it .
The pain can last for a matter of days or in more severe cases a number of years .
However , only a minor percentage of whiplash injuries result in long term injuries with most people making a full recovery .
The important point is to make sure you are treated by professional medical staff as soon as possible .
Early Action Can Be Vital
For both legal reasons and medical reasons , if you believe that you have suffered a whiplash injury it is important to contact a whiplash claim specialist as soon as possible .
They will be able to advise you about the best form of medical action , and they can then also take the action required to secure the evidence needed to win your whiplash claim .
We offer a completely free ' Whiplash Claim Assessment ' .
Please call us free now on 0800 2888 693 or make a Quick Online Enquiry and let one of our specialist whiplash claim specialists explain your legal rights to you .
Whiplash Claim Questions & Answers
As experts in whiplash claims , 1stClaims are here to answer all of the questions you have around claiming for whiplash , including :
How Is Whiplash Caused ?
The first movement in a whiplash injury is your body being pushed forwards and upwards by the car seat .
As your head is not normally connected to the seat ( i.e. not touching ) it remains in the same position while the rest of your body is moving forward with the seat .
If the headrest is in the correct position , rather than the neck being thrown back over the top of the headrest , the headrest will finally move the neck forward with the seat as it comes into contact with it .
The next movement as the car stops is the body being thrown forward .
If restrained by a seatbelt the neck will then move forward over the rest of the body , flexing the neck now forwards .
It is while the neck is over stretched ( hyperextension and hyperflexion ) that the whiplash injury is sustained .
To find out more about what whiplash is and how it occurs visit our What is Whiplash section or complete a short Online Enquiry form .
Can A Whiplash Injury Be Sustained Even
In a Low Speed Accident ?
The answer is yes .
Quite frequently whiplash injuries are caused by low impact collisions with speeds of only a few miles per hour .
Often some of the more serious injuries are sustained in this way .
Remember if this has happened to you it is not your fault , and sustaining an injury in a low impact accident does not mean you have a weakness - it is a normal reaction .
How To Make A Whiplash Claim ?
Making a claim for whiplash should be easy , should n't it ?
You would think so from the advertisements on television .
Sadly though , all sorts of complications have entered into the whiplash claims process , from insurance companies trying to make you accept a settlement before you speak with a solicitor , to choosing a non-specialist solicitor .
For more details on exactly how to make a claim then go to our how to claim guide or call us for your free , no obligation discussion about your whiplash claim .
You can ask us anything you like , we are here to help .
Either call us free on 0800 2888 693 or complete a short Online Enquiry .
Compensation For Whiplash
It is also important to understand that if you have sustained whiplash during a traffic accident and you were not to blame for the incident , you will be entitled to compensation .
This is because another person 's negligence caused you unnecessary pain and suffering , making you the victim of personal injury .
Consequently you will be entitled to financial redress for the damages you have wrongfully incurred , including your physical and financial injuries .
Find out more about whiplash compensation .
1stClaims Can Help You With Your Whiplash Claim
At 1stClaims we take care of all your needs when making a whiplash claim so that you can focus on recovery .
Take a look at all of the services we offer over at Benefits of Using 1stClaims .
Contact one of our specialist whiplash claim solicitors by calling us free now on 0800 2888 693 or make a Quick Claim Enquiry .
Let the whiplash claim specialists take care of you right now .
We are here to help you from 8 am to 8 pm Monday to Friday ,
8.30 am to 6 pm on Saturday and 9am to 6 pm on Sundays .
( CNN ) --
Seven people , including a toddler , died when fire roared through a three - story home in southwest Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , on Friday night , fire officials said .
Firefighters work to put out a fire at a town home Friday night in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Six of the victims -- three adults , a teen and two children -- were found in the townhome 's basement , huddled together , Philadelphia Fire Commissioner Lloyd Ayers said .
A 2 - year - old boy who was pulled from the burning house by firefighters was later pronounced dead at Children 's Hospital , Ayers said .
Eleven people , all of Liberian nationality , lived in the basement of the home , he said .
Two were rescued by firefighters and two escaped on their own , Ayers said .
Watch firefighters at work on the blaze »
There were no stairs from the basement to the upper level and there was only one door leading out , he said .
Early clues suggest a kerosene heater may have started the blaze , but the fire marshal has not officially determined a cause , Ayers said .
" We found serious issues in the house , " he said .
Do n't Miss WPVI : Witness describes kerosene accident
The home did not appear to be equipped with smoke detectors , the fire commissioner said .
" We have not found any smoke alarms at all , which we are very saddened by , " Ayers said .
Wade Lee , who lived in the same building , said the landlord had helped tenants work out fire evacuation plans .
Lee said the victims often brought his family fresh vegetables from their garden , and the children were a joy .
" Our wishes are with them right now , more so than for ourselves , " he said .
" Just hearing the children laughing , and not being able to hear that no more is grievous to us all . "
All About Philadelphia • Fires
A working sample of the microscope - on - a - chip placed next to a dime shows how small it actually is .
The part that does most of the work is the square chip in the middle of the circuit board .
Inset is an image of a worm ( a wild - type C. elegans L1 larvae for the bio-nerds out there ) taken by the microscope - on - a - chip .
Photo : Dave Bullock / Wired.com
lookup
module Main where
import Text .HTML.TagSoup
import Maybe
main = do
putStr " Enter a term to search for : "
term html let dict = parseDict $ parseTags html
putStrLn $ fromMaybe " No match found . " $ lookup term dict
parseDict :: [ Tag ] -> [ ( String , String ) ]
parseDict = map parseItem
. sections ( ~== " < dt > " )
. dropWhile ( ~/= " < div class=glosslist > " )
parseItem xs = ( innerText a , unwords $ words $ innerText b)
where ( a , b ) = break ( ~== " < dd > " ) ( take While ( ~/ = " < /dd > " ) xs )
parseDict
parseDict
parseItem
unwords $ words
I 've just read issue 10 of The Monad .
Reader .
It 's a great issue , including a tutorial on using the new GHCi debugger , and how to write an efficient Haskell interpreter in Haskell .
The running example for the GHCi debugger is parsing the computer dictionary and extracting descriptions from keywords , using the TagSoup library .
The article starts with an initial version of the extraction code , then fixes some mistakes using the debugger present in GHCi .
The code was written to teach debugging , not as a demonstration of TagSoup .
This post explains how I would have written the program .
The original program is written in a low - level style .
To search for a keyword , the program laboriously traverses through the file looking for the keyword , much like a modern imperative language might .
But Haskell programmers can do better .
We can separate the task : first parsing the keyword / description pairs into a list ; then searching the list .
Lazy evaluation will combine these separate operations to obtain something just as efficient as the original .
By separating the concerns , we can express each at a higher - level , reducing the search function to a simple .
It also gives us more flexibility for the future , allowing us to potentially reuse the parsing functions .
I have fixed a number of other bugs in the code , and my solution is : Instead of searching for akeyword , I parsekeywords using .
Thefunction first skips over the gunk at the top of the file , then finds each definition , and parses it .
Thefunction spots where tags begin and end , and takes the text from inside .
Theexpression is a neat trick for normalising the spacing within an arbitrary string .
This revised program is shorter than the original , I find it easier to comprehend , and it provides more functionality with fewer bugs .
The TagSoup library provides a robust base to work from , allowing concise expression of HTML / XML extraction programs .
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Norman
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
The image of your face when I slapped you ( left - handed , too , because my drink was in my right ) , is one I wo n't soon forget .
My friend had gone to the bathroom , so when I felt a hand grab and slightly grope my ass , I had no reason to suspect that it was her who felt me up , rather than you , the innocent bystander .
I quickly turned over my shoulder and gave you a quizzical look , which you must have interpreted as come - hither , because you winked and gave me a knowing nod .
Taking this as acknowledgment of " your " action , I slapped you .
Hard .
This was the first time I had ever slapped anyone , and I immediately felt empowered and fully justified , having not relied on my boyfriend to stand up for my fragile female ego .
Yay , feminism !
This quickly turned to shock however , as I looked over at my friend , doubled over , red in the face and gasping for breath from laughing hysterically .
Immediately putting two and two together , I turned to you , still standing with a very bewildered and increasingly angry look on your face .
" Ohmygod , I 'm so sorry - she ..I.. I thought ... " , I struggled to apologize .
" Get away from me , I do n't know what 's going on , get away you crazy bitch " ... and then you backed up and ran away .
I probably would have done the same thing , so I do n't blame you for running away .
I wanted to chase you and explain , but thought better of it for several reasons .
I can only imagine the stories the next morning as your buddies rehashed the situation , still wondering why a random girl slapped you for no reason .
At least now you ( hopefully ) know the reason .
I 'm still sorry .
Let me know , and I 'll buy you a drink , at a safe distance , so you can be sure no violence will occur .
I promise .
Sincerely , The crazy girl who ( somewhat accidently ) slapped you across the face
If you work with mechanical pencils but are constantly rotating the pencil in your hand to deal with uneven wear on the lead , the Uni-ball Kuru Toga is the pen for you .
Advertisement
Designed in response to the problem of uneven lead wear , the Kuro Toga has an ingenuis mechanism in the barrel .
As you write the mechanical part that holds the lead slowly rotates .
Instead of wearing the lead down to a flat chisel point — you 're witnessing this phenomenon when you see your pencil strokes change from super fine narrow lines to more broad calligraphic style strokes — each stroke of the pencil turns the lead a tiny amount allowing the lead to evenly " sharpen " itself on the paper instead of wearing way one side .
It 's an astoundingly simple concept , but one that seems entirely lacking from any other mechanical pencil we 've run into .
For other writing utensils we like check out the Grip Slippa Super Flat Pen and the light up pilot 's pen .
Advertisement
Uni-ball Kuru Toga [ via Cool Tools ]
Waubonsie Valley High School Lockdown
Waubonsie Valley High School on Eola Road in Aurora , Illinois was locked down on Wednesday morning after there were reports of a weapon on campus .
The search lasted for hours and ended just before 12:30 p.m .
One person was taken into custody and a BB gun was confiscated .
News of the lockdown was posted on the school 's website and sent to parents via phone calls and e-mails by Principal Kristine Marchiando .
It said , " As a precaution , I have locked down the school this morning while the school administration and the police investigate a potential threat .
I want to stress this measure is a safety precaution only and all of our students and staff are safe .
We will provide an update as soon as we have more information . "
According to Aurora Police Lt. Paul Nelson , a student told officials that he saw two students with a pistol .
Another student reported a scrawled message on a stairwell wall on Tuesday that said , " Bomb 12/10 . "
It is not known yet whether there is a connection between the pistol and the threat .
After the search ended , the principal wrote the following e-mail to parents : " We owe a great deal of thanks to some very brave students that reported what looked like a hand gun .
A complete search was done and we found a look - alike weapon , also known as an air pistol .
It was not fired , nor was anyone hurt . "
The students have all returned for their afternoon classes in what is being described as a normal p.m. schedule .
School photo below .
CURRENT AFFAIRS
No soldier , sailor or Marine serving in Iraq or Afghanistan can be faulted for questioning with the above colorful phrase their presence in either country , or even question being in the comparative safety of Kuwait .
Ever since 2001 , the Bush administration has a labored mightily to sell the American people on the concept that we are engaged in a war .
By calling it a war , of course , it becomes too easy to think of military force as the only solution available to us .
Instead of treating the horror of 9/11 as the criminal act it was , and enlisting the aid of the civilized countries of the world to apprehend and punish the criminals responsible for perpetrating it , this nation launched two preemptive wars , first against Afghanistan and then against Iraq -- countries about whose history , culture , language , religion , and politics we really knew little .
Having sowed the wind , it should come as no surprise that we reaped the whirlwind .
We have finally become aware of the steep price of going into battle under a commander in chief impatient to exhibit the valor of ignorance .
In a nation that President Bush continues to insist is " at war , " only about one - half of one percent of the population is serving in the military .
Under our current military policy , our troops are still being forced to follow an inexcusable rotation system .
Repetitive combat tours in the Middle East will eventually break the regular Army , Reserve units and the National Guard long before they ever achieve success .
As our uncomplaining soldiers , sailors and Marines continue to deploy to the heat - stricken sands of Iraq and the mountain fastnesses of Afghanistan , back home the rest of the country blithely heads to air - conditioned malls to spend what remains of its economic stimulus checks before our economy descends into depression .
But has n’t mindless shopping always been President Bush ’s universal remedy for whatever ails this country ?
Our war - fighting strategy is skewed and lopsided .
It requires a few individuals to sacrifice everything , including their lives , while the rest of us give nothing .
As a policy , this is not only morally bankrupt but also totally unforgivable .
If the politicians in Washington are unable to reduce the number of wars in which U.S. forces are fighting and dying , then this nation should demand that any administration that pursues undeclared wars must find a way of increasing the number of troops available to fight in them .
If it ’s a war , why does n’t it feel like one ?
Good question .
Of course , we are at war .
President Bush has been saying so for seven years .
Michael Chertoff said so as recently as last year .
Surely you remember Mr. Chertoff , the cadaverous secretary of Homeland Security .
You know -- the one who managed to evade criticism for the shortcomings of his underling , Michael Brown , head of the Federal Emergency Management Administration ( FEMA ) after Hurricane Katrina .
In an op ed piece in The Washington Post titled " Make No Mistake , This Is War , " Mr. Chertoff assured us gravely that we are indeed at war .
His reason ?
We are at war because Osama bin Laden said we are .
Here ’s what Mr. Chertoff wrote :
" Is this actually a war ?
Well , the short answer comes from our enemies .
Osama bin Laden ’s fatwa of Feb. 23 , 1998 , was a declaration of war , a self - serving accusation that America had somehow declared war on Islam , followed by a ‘ ruling ’ to ‘ kill the Americans and their allies — civilian and military in any country where it is possible to do it . "
What the fatwa said was quite specific .
It stated that American troops ' use of the Arabian Peninsula as a " staging area " and our sanctions against the people of Iraq were a clear declaration of war against God , God ’s messenger ( Mohammed ) and Muslims everywhere .
Mr. Chertoff would have you believe that the United States , acknowledged possessor of the world ’s most powerful military force , is now in a state of retaliatory war with a sick old man holed up beyond our reach somewhere in the northwest corner of Pakistan .
What ’s Wrong with Calling It a War ?
The administration has not treated its wars as traditional wars to be declared by Congress under Article One , Section Eight , of the Constitution .
Instead , they lumped its invasions of Afghanistan and Iraq under the rubric of a " global war on terror , " and let it go as that .
No one questioned the phrase , perhaps because there have been other wars against such ills as drugs , poverty or illiteracy on which large amounts of taxpayers ’ dollars have been expended without much to show for it .
Nevertheless , the damage done by the self - inflicted wound of these four words far exceeds the wildest dreams of the fanatics who perpetrated the 9/11 attacks .
The phrase " global war on terror , " is , of course , meaningless .
It defines neither a specific theater of war nor our presumed enemies .
Terrorism is not an enemy .
It is a technique of warfare -- political intimidation through the killing of unarmed non-combatants , often using improvised weapons like airliners or roadside bombs .
The very vagueness of the Bush administration ’s cleverly conceived phrase was deliberately calculated to accomplish one major objective and encourage the emergence of a culture of fear .
The four words have almost become a Madison Avenue mantra to be trotted out on appropriate occasions .
But the culture of fear is also like a genie let out of a bottle that quickly acquires a life of its own and demoralizes its liberators .
Seven years of almost continuous national brainwashing on the subject of terror have actually undermined our ability to confront the real challenges we face , with the result that America has become insecure and more paranoid .
Fear obscures reason , intensifies emotions and makes it easier for demagogic politicians to mobilize the public on behalf of the policies they are pursuing .
The war of choice in Iraq could never have gained the congressional support it received without the repeated use of this phrase plus the carefully fabricated lie about the existence in Iraq of weapons of mass destruction .
Similarly , reelection of President Bush in 2004 was the result of an appeal for a nation at war not to change commanders in midstream .
In this , the concept of a lurking danger , however imprecise , was reinforced by the illusion that we are " a nation at war . "
To justify its " global war on terror , " the administration promulgated the false impression that the conflict resembles earlier struggles , first against Nazism and then against Communism .
Both concepts ignored the fact that both Nazi Germany and Soviet Russia were formidable military powers , a level of threat al - Qaida can never hope to achieve .
President Bush ’s ultimate fear mongering and justification for U.S. troops ' presence in Iraq was his ludicrous claim the " we ’re fighting them over there so we do n’t have to fight them over here . "
" Well , if it is n’t a genuine war , what am I watching on TV ? "
Readers may very well ask that question .
What you are seeing now in footage carefully censored to avoid graphic scenes is the U.S. occupation force of 140,000 keeping the lid on what is , for the present , a low - key Iraqi civil war .
In this sense , it is not unlike the Lebanese civil war .
Let me refresh your memory : A quarter - century ago , for humanitarian reasons and as part of a multinational force , U.S. Marines landed in Beirut , occupying a makeshift barracks at the Beirut airport a quarter century ago .
Early on the morning of Oct. 23 , 1983 , an embryonic Hezbollah group exploded a massive truck bomb in the lobby of the building , causing almost total destruction .
Some 244 U.S. service personnel were killed and 60 were injured .
President Ronald Reagan realized there was little or nothing our military could do to counter an internecine civil war and wisely withdrew our troops .
Even with the number of American military deaths declining now in Iraq — and one per month would be one too many -- the dollar cost , a staggering $ 3 billion per week , puts us deeper in hock to creditor countries .
How many more years will these aimless conflicts continue before the American people insist that they end ?
Every dollar spent on Basra or Baghdad is a dollar that could have been spent on Buffalo or Baltimore .
Every bridge we rebuild over the Tigris River in Iraq is one less bridge that could have been replaced in Minnesota lest it collapse into the Mississippi .
Nearly seven years after invading and occupying Afghanistan and more than five years after doing the same on a grander scale in Iraq , America and its dwindling collection of allies ( dubbed " the coalition of the billing " ) have failed to achieve anything resembling a victory .
We have been fought to a standstill by ragtag forces dedicated to liberation of their respective countries from foreign invaders .
Our armed forces in Iraq alone have suffered 4,168 deaths and tens of thousands of wounded .
The fighting in Afghanistan has been less intensive — almost six hundred American dead in seven years -- but the conflict there has been just as purposeless and discouraging .
To make these numbers even more forbidding , ever since last May casualties in Afghanistan have exceeded those in Iraq .
Recent " tell - all " accounts of the Bush administration have revealed that waging war in Iraq was the President ’s intention from the start , and he let nothing stand in his way .
From the very beginning of his term and well before 9/11 , President George W. Bush failed to heed clear warnings about al - Qaida 's impending terrorist attacks in the United States .
Condoleezza Rice , his national security advisor , facilitated his self - deception .
An academic expert on German - Russian relations with no experience in the Middle East , she was a peculiar choice as national security advisor .
Timorous in the presence of a crafty Cheney and an overbearing Rumsfeld , she saw her task as requiring that she insulate Bush from bad news about the Middle East .
She played this role so diligently , it left a trusting and uncurious President more ill informed than ever .
Had President Bush known anything about the history of the region he might have hesitated before committing troops to two concurrent pre-emptive wars .
Over the centuries , Greeks , Romans , Crusaders , the French , the British , and the Russians all invaded parts of the Middle East only to admit ignominious defeat .
Now it ’s our turn to pack up and depart .
Did no one warn President Bush about the perils of invading the Middle East ?
Did none of his advisors explain to him that Iraq was a veritable ethnic melange , a nation of nearly 30 million riven by tribal jealousies and ancient blood feuds ?
Did no one whisper to him that Iraq has been a battlefield where Muslim orthodoxy and secularism clashed for centuries as warring Sunni and Shia factions , the latter strongly influenced by Iran ?
Did no one hint to him that historically Iraq has been a fiercely contested combat zone of clashing religions , political movements , social classes , and ethnic groups ?
Despite these grim realities , our president thrust the United States into the cauldron of the Middle East in the naively foolish belief that democracy , human rights and individual freedom could be imposed at the point of a bayonet .
Back home , a preoccupied citizenry , compliant Congress and timid media allowed the armed forces to be hijacked into this mindless military exercise .
Following our initially successful invasions of Afghanistan and Iraq , we quickly painted ourselves into a corner .
Our military , trained and prepared to engage a huge traditional force armed with modern tanks , weapons and missiles on the plains of Central Europe , was flummoxed when it met resistance to our occupation .
Challenged by lightly armed civilians and poorly equipped militias , we suddenly found ourselves involved in wars of national liberation -- the hardest kind of a war in which to prevail — precipitated by the inadequate size of our occupation forces .
So , What Else Is New ?
Slouching unconcernedly from one crisis to the next has been a hallmark of the Bush managerial style .
He was similarly unprepared for Hurricane Katrina and out of touch with reality .
( Remember his famous remark , " Brownie , you ’re doing a heck of a job . " ? )
Lately , he has done nothing about the challenge of climate change caused by polluting greenhouse gases .
As he nears the close of his term , Mr. Bush , who has an M.B.A. from Harvard , was equally unprepared with a solution to the financial crisis precipitated by the practices of greedy , unregulated bankers and mortgage lenders .
His administration proposed to solve this full - blown imbroglio with a hastily cobbled together rescue plan , the " mother of all bailouts . "
Under this one - sided salvation of the troubled free - market system , bankers ’ profits would be protected but a trillion dollars worth of losses will be passed to taxpayers .
To accommodate this , Congress must authorize elevation of the national debt limit to a whopping $ 11.3 trillion .
And as a result of ex-oilman Bush ’s failure to anticipate the rest of the world ’s growing demand for oil , we now face an oil crisis exacerbated by the declining value of the dollar against other currencies .
Most egregious of all his sins of inattention , he has done absolutely nothing about ending the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , obviously intending to leave office as a " wartime president . " and dump them into the lap of his successor .
What has the sacrifice of so much blood and treasure in the Bush wars accomplished ?
Without having secured a single drop of the oil that was supposed to finance our invasion of Iraq , the United States has saddled itself with a rundown and virtually ungovernable protectorate incapable of securing its own borders or managing its own affairs .
More than four years after national security adviser Condoleezza Rice handed President Bush a handwritten note reading , " Mr. President , Iraq is sovereign , " to announce the handover of power to the new Iraqi government , Iraq ’s sovereignty remains a will o’ the wisp .
Recalling U.S. success in rebuilding Germany and Japan after the Second World War , the neocons in the administration who launched the Iraqi nation - building project were confident that that the U.S. could replicate those feats .
How wrong they were !
Today , generation of electricity in Iraq barely meets half the daily national requirements .
Oil production has finally reached pre-invasion levels , but distribution systems and pipelines are vulnerable to sabotage .
Reports of fraud , waste and incompetence in the administration and distribution of U.S. aid are commonplace .
American officials complain repeatedly about the squabbles that paralyze the Iraqi parliament and the unbridled corruption within Iraqi ministries .
If one of the principle functions of government is to provide services to its people , then the government of Iraq can be said to barely exist .
In the long run and under the best of circumstances , our misguided efforts will yield an Iraq that is in worse shape than it was before we invaded , a breeding ground of unrest and resistance long into the foreseeable future .
Even should we make the decision to withdraw from Iraq , additional American casualties and the abandonment or destruction of billions of dollars ’ worth of equipment and supplies will accompany our departure .
From this cauldron will emerge a powerful and determined Shiite majority openly linked to Iran , and a minority Sunni population allied with the most regressive political and religious forces in the Muslim world .
Both sides will be heavily armed .
Having known a measure of independence from Arab rule in Baghdad , restive non-Arab Kurds in the north will not give up that hard - won advantage easily .
In reality , the war 's effects are precisely what the Bush administration should have expected .
Baghdad ’s U.S. embassy has become a fortified bunker with some 57 other fortified strong points scattered around the country .
If the Iraq War revealed anything to the rest of the world , it was the narrow limits of political or military action open to the world ’s greatest military power .
It also emboldened adversaries such as Iran , and diverted resources and attention from Afghanistan , the stomping ground of a resurgent and defiant al - Qaida .
More damagingly , it fanned anti-American sentiment to incredible levels , recruiting uncounted numbers to al - Qaida ’s ranks .
At one time a young American outfitted with a knapsack on which was sewn an American flag could hike north from Mauritania in West Africa to Morocco , eastward across North Africa , then north again along the Mediterranean and then east through Turkey and Muslim countries all the way to Sinkiang in China and be warmly welcomed everywhere along the way .
Regrettably , today that same hypothetical hiker would hardly get a few miles outside Nouakchott , the capital of Mauritania , before meeting an unhappy fate .
Therein lies the greatest tragedy of the " global war on terror . "
Labels : Afghanistan War , Global War on Terror , Iraq War
When Yahoo's stock hit $ 12 , we said it was ridiculously cheap .
Now it 's below $ 9 .
Given that no one else seems to want to buy and fix this once - great and still amazingly valuable company , we 're now offering to do it ourselves .
We have the privilege of being a co-host of Yahoo's " TechTicker " financial show .
So that makes this an employee - led turnaround plan .
To execute the plan , we 're going to need the support of many other Yahoo employees , including Jerry Yang , David Filo , and the Board , so we 're just going to call this a management buyout .
Cool ?
We 've structured our proposal to be as simple and easy as possible :
No need for shareholder votes .
No need to raise billions of dollars of capital ( who has time for that ? ) .
No need for interminable , angst - ridden negotiations .
We 're also making the proposal completely transparent , so our fellow Yahoos and shareholders know what 's coming .
Here 's the plan :
Yahoo will acquire our parent company , Silicon Alley Media , for stock .
We already own some YHOO , and we 're willing to put more money where our mouth is :
Specifically , we 're willing to bet our entire company on our YHOO turnaround plan .
We already own some YHOO , and we 're willing to put more money where our mouth is :
Specifically , we 're willing to bet our entire company on our YHOO turnaround plan .
Yahoo will appoint us as acting CEO .
No worries :
We will not become yet another fat CEO pig at the trough .
In fact , we 're so excited about this opportunity that we 'll do it for Jerry 's salary : $ 1 a year ( okay , maybe we could add some zeroes .
But not six .
Or , god forbid , eight ) .
We also have no ambition to hold this post indefinitely .
Several folks in the business world are more qualified to run a global Fortune 500 company than we are , and when the time is right , we will gladly hand the reins to one of them .
Unlike many incoming Yahoo CEO candidates , however , we know what Yahoo needs right now , and there 's no sense wasting time CEO - hunting when we can start the process today .
No worries :
We will not become yet another fat CEO pig at the trough .
In fact , we 're so excited about this opportunity that we 'll do it for Jerry 's salary : $ 1 a year ( okay , maybe we could add some zeroes .
But not six .
Or , god forbid , eight ) .
We also have no ambition to hold this post indefinitely .
Several folks in the business world are more qualified to run a global Fortune 500 company than we are , and when the time is right , we will gladly hand the reins to one of them .
Unlike many incoming Yahoo CEO candidates , however , we know what Yahoo needs right now , and there 's no sense wasting time CEO - hunting when we can start the process today .
We will immediately resize the company , cutting approximately one - quarter to one - third of the cost base .
Even now , with its bloated cost structure , Yahoo is still making money .
Our cuts will ensure that Yahoo is positioned to survive a major online ad downturn and still have plenty of cash flow to reinvest in the business .
One big reduction instead of several small ones will also ensure that Yahoo does n't go down the road it is heading down now , which is the demoralizing death by a thousand cuts .
Even now , with its bloated cost structure , Yahoo is still making money .
Our cuts will ensure that Yahoo is positioned to survive a major online ad downturn and still have plenty of cash flow to reinvest in the business .
One big reduction instead of several small ones will also ensure that Yahoo does n't go down the road it is heading down now , which is the demoralizing death by a thousand cuts .
We will do a search deal with Microsoft .
Yahoo has lost the search game , and it is senseless for the company to throw more good money after bad .
Yahoo will continue to maintain a significant if declining share of search queries for the next few years , but these can be monetized better with economies of scale , and the company can avoid mindless and expensive duplication of effort .
Microsoft is great at engineering and desperately wants to show Google who 's boss .
We 'll sell Yahoo's search technology to Microsoft and do a multi - year revenue deal with them .
And when it comes up for renewal , we will play Microsoft and Google off one another .
Yahoo has lost the search game , and it is senseless for the company to throw more good money after bad .
Yahoo will continue to maintain a significant if declining share of search queries for the next few years , but these can be monetized better with economies of scale , and the company can avoid mindless and expensive duplication of effort .
Microsoft is great at engineering and desperately wants to show Google who 's boss .
We 'll sell Yahoo's search technology to Microsoft and do a multi - year revenue deal with them .
And when it comes up for renewal , we will play Microsoft and Google off one another .
We 'll step up Yahoo's focus on content aggregation .
Algorithms cannot create the best user experience for every application .
Yahoo highest and best opportunity is to do what Tim Koogle used to talk about in the 1990s and Jerry has been suggesting over the past year :
Become the first stop for anyone looking for an intelligent , organized view of the world .
The company has made great strides in this effort over the past 14 years , but it has gotten distracted of late .
We 'll fix that .
Algorithms cannot create the best user experience for every application .
Yahoo highest and best opportunity is to do what Tim Koogle used to talk about in the 1990s and Jerry has been suggesting over the past year :
Become the first stop for anyone looking for an intelligent , organized view of the world .
The company has made great strides in this effort over the past 14 years , but it has gotten distracted of late .
We 'll fix that .
We 'll increase Yahoo's production of lightweight , high - velocity online content , through programs like TechTicker , blogs , fantasy sports leagues , etc .
With a distribution platform that reaches 500 million global users a month , Yahoo can make a killing on low - cost content production .
We will not turn Yahoo into the New York Times ( which is a dying print business . )
Instead , we will hire a few more folks from the New York Times and other excellent content - production companies ( people who get the Internet ) .
These folks will help edit , curate , and organize all the great content that 's already out there and produce some good original stuff .
( But not TV shows or magazine articles .
TechTicker works because it takes advantage of what the Internet can do better than other media , not because it tries to clone CNBC or a newspaper ) .
With a distribution platform that reaches 500 million global users a month , Yahoo can make a killing on low - cost content production .
We will not turn Yahoo into the New York Times ( which is a dying print business . )
Instead , we will hire a few more folks from the New York Times and other excellent content - production companies ( people who get the Internet ) .
These folks will help edit , curate , and organize all the great content that 's already out there and produce some good original stuff .
( But not TV shows or magazine articles .
TechTicker works because it takes advantage of what the Internet can do better than other media , not because it tries to clone CNBC or a newspaper ) .
We will buy or build small consumer subscription businesses that produce content that people will pay for ... and then we will plug them into Yahoo 's massive global distribution engine .
In several years , we will build subscriptions into a major contributor to revenue , not the afterthought they are today .
In several years , we will build subscriptions into a major contributor to revenue , not the afterthought they are today .
We will fix Yahoo's communications platform , in part by buying and integrating AOL ( and , if we can help Steve Ballmer see the light , MSN ) .
As long - term Yahoo Mail users , we are appalled that Yahoo has fallen behind in this area .
We do n't want to switch to Gmail , but if nothing changes , we may have to .
Once we 've integrated AIM and the AOL mail user base , we will once again have a dominant share of online communications .
We 'll probably buy Skype , too , just to round out the package .
As long - term Yahoo Mail users , we are appalled that Yahoo has fallen behind in this area .
We do n't want to switch to Gmail , but if nothing changes , we may have to .
Once we 've integrated AIM and the AOL mail user base , we will once again have a dominant share of online communications .
We 'll probably buy Skype , too , just to round out the package .
Most importantly , we will finally revolutionize online display advertising , which has n't innovated since 1995 .
We can't tell you how tired we are of hearing advertisers complain that their display ads are n't " performing " because people are n't clicking on them .
The same advertisers still line up around the block to buy unclickable ads in newspapers that get tossed on the back stoop without even being glanced at .
It is time for the online ad industry to start developing better BRAND and STORYTELLING solutions .
These ads can be big .
They can be beautiful .
They can be fun .
They DO NOT need to be clicked on .
If we do this intelligently , users should even come to value and / or enjoy them .
No company is in a better position to lead this online ad revolution than Yahoo , and we can't wait to drive this initiative forward .
Sound good ?
We think so .
We 're not guaranteeing much of a turnaround in the stock price until the global economy recovers , but we 're going to position the company to coin money when it does .
We 're going to stop Yahoo from trying to boil the ocean and compete in businesses it has already lost ( search engineering ) .
We 're going to take advantage of what Yahoo does better than anyone : content organization and display advertising .
We 're going to inspire what used to be one of the industry 's most passionate and competitive teams .
Despite its demolishied stock price and demoralized staff , Yahoo remains a one - of - a- kind global media platform .
With the right turnaround plan , we think the company 's best days ( and possibly even best stock prices ) are ahead of it .
We would be honored and privileged to lead this revolution from within !
I just picked up Patrick Tyler 's forthcoming book , A World of Trouble , about America 's tortured relations with the Middle East , and the prologue contains this whopper of a scene , one that is quite devastating , if true :
An enraged George Tenet , drunk on scotch , flailing about Prince Bandar 's Riyadh pool , screaming about the Bush Administration officials who were just then trying to pin the Iraq WMD fiasco on him :
A servant appeared with a bottle .
Tenet knocked back some of the scotch .
Then some more .
They watched with concern .
He drained half the bottle in a few minutes .
" They 're setting me up .
The bastards are setting me up , " Tenet said , but " I am not going to take the hit . "
And then this :
" According to one witness , he mocked the neoconservatives in the Bush administration and their alignment with the rlght wing of Israel 's political establishment , referring to them with exaxperation as , " the Jews . "
Tyler reports in a footnote that , when asked , Tenet initially denied staying at Prince Bandar 's palace , then denied that he had said anything in the pool .
" He disputed the remarks attributed to him and denied that his memory might have been affected by the amount of alcohol he was reported to have consumed on top of a sleeping pill , " Tyler reports .
I 'll ask around about this and post any responses I get .
I did good the other day .
I poured money into our faltering economy by buying some shoes , and then a sandwich , and then a cup of tea .
The Chancellor lowered VAT precisely to encourage this kind of crazy spending .
What would be self - indulgent a few months ago is now our civic duty .
Extravagance is the new giving .
If I really cared , I 'd have topped off my spree with an X - Box , a personalised number plate and a night at Spearmint Rhino .
It 's probably best not to think about the fact that spending money we did n't have was one of the things that got us into this mess .
The first rule of holes might be stop digging , but perhaps that does n't apply if the hole is so terrifyingly , unprecedentedly , vertiginously deep that it 's quicker to keep going down until you reach the other side of the planet .
But if Christmas shopping or eating out now constitute being a do - gooder , where does that leave charities ?
Screwed is the answer .
The Guardian reported last week that projected crunch - induced falls in corporate and private donations will open up ' a £ 2.3 bn black hole ' in their finances .
And black holes do n't have silver linings .
And there are more bad tidings for good causes .
A couple of weeks ago , the charity watchdog Intelligent Giving ( I presume from the name that it does n't cover donkey sanctuaries or private schools ) criticised charities for the behaviour of their ' chuggers ' or charity muggers .
These are the pushy , articulate young people who accost you on the street , inevitably when you 're holding a bottle of wine and a massive cake , and try and extort a guilt - allaying direct debit .
Well , the terrific news for those of us who 've been shamed by them is that the chuggers have been lying .
Yes , it turns out the world 's fine !
No , sorry , they 've not been lying to that extent .
But some of them have been telling fibs about how they 're paid , harassing the uninterested ( for which read broke , mean , busy or do n't give a shit about lifeboats ) and getting people to lie on direct debit forms to help them meet targets .
But is n't this just defrauding the rich to give to the poor ?
They 're modern - day Robin Hoods really - and I expect he was working on commission too .
It 's difficult not to feel a touch of schadenfreude at the demise of these hectoring representatives of those less fortunate than ourselves .
They 're the most obvious sign of the increasing aggression and professionalism with which charities now raise money .
The regular letter I get from Cancer Research thanking me for my monthly donation of x pounds , and humbly requesting whether I could make it 2x , is clearly generated by a computer that cannot feel gratitude and will never get cancer .
If the amount I was giving was beggaring me , if x equalled a million , a billion , a trillion , it would still ask for more because that 's what it 's programmed to do .
It will mine the seam of what I like to think of as generosity , but is actually guilt , as relentlessly as a tungsten carbide drill .
The system they 're using clearly has no sense of whether or not I 'm already ' doing my bit ' .
I know I 'm not , but the fact that they do n't makes me think I can be cross with them .
But that does n't hold argumentative water ( and if you 've ever tried to hold argumentative water , you 'll know that it 's just as slippy as the normal kind and it disagrees with your fingers ) .
Why should n't charities act with corporate single - mindedness to achieve their goals ?
After all , unlike a corporation , their goal is the good of mankind .
Still , I can't shake the sentiment that there should be something bumbling and warm , vicarish and jumble - saley about charities .
Anything else gets in the way of their gratitude and raises the terrifying spectre that they are blaming me for some of the things that are wrong .
Charities walk a tightrope .
The world is awful .
Billions suffer crushing hunger , disease , grief and indignity and then die young .
I know this in theory , but it 's unimaginable .
It 's like a negative number of apples or a hedge fund : something I can manipulate , multiply and divide things by , but not feel or visualise .
And alongside this pain as unquantifiable as the number of stars in the heavens , the vast majority of Westerners live , even post - credit crunch , in what by comparison amounts to a palace of Versailles made of chocolate and money .
So in some ways the charities should be screaming : ' Pay up , you selfish bastards !
Take off the rose - tinted spectacles that some 11 - year - old in China has made for you and give us all your cash !'
But that puts people 's backs up particularly when many of us do n't feel that well off .
And why should we live in perpetual guilt ?
We did n't make the world this way .
There 's no evidence to suggest that , if the rich and poor of the planet swapped places , the new fortunates would commit to any more than the sighs and affordable direct debits that currently constitute most of our charitable contributions .
All this stirs up conflicting feelings which depress me .
I realise that I 'm lucky .
I earn quite a lot of money and I do give some of it charity .
Do I give what I can afford ?
No , it 's worse than that : I give what I wo n't even miss .
I plan to give more .
I swear I will .
But I 'll never give all I can .
I 'll never bust a gut to make a difference because the reality is that I do n't want to enough .
I 'm not that good a person , it turns out .
That 's the horrible truth that I 'm hiding behind irritation at chuggers , cynicism about computer - generated letters and anger at the success of animal charities when humans are suffering .
There 's plenty that is illogical and enervating about the way our thousands of charities , with their thousands of good causes , behave .
But they 're trying to do something and , in the end , I have n't got any better ideas ; few of us do .
I pay lip service to wanting to change the world , but future historians will note that it was never really in my interest for it to happen .
Concepts of Intelligent Design Prior to the Scientific Revolution November 21 , 2008
Roscoe , N.Y .
" How could the sea - tides and the confined waters in the straits be affected by the rising and setting of the moon ?
Or the diverse course of the stars be maintained in the single rotation of the entire heavens ?
What is certain is that these processes could not take place through harmonious activity in all parts of the universe , unless they were each embraced by a single divine , all - pervading , spiritual force . "
— Cicero , The Nature of the Gods , c. 44 BC ( Oxford University Press , 1998 ) , p. 54 .
" I think it takes more faith to be like you , an atheist , than like me , a believer , and it ’s because of nature , you know .
I just do n’t think we could have lucked out to have the tides come in , the tides go out , the Sun go up , the Sun go down .
Do n’t think it could have happened . "
— Bill O'Reilly , interview with Richard Dawkins , The O'Reilly Factor , April 23 , 2007 .
Openly gay Tim Gunn of Project Runaway says " fur is from the past , from another era " .
Gunn wants you , the consumer , to know what animals endure in the name of fashion so that you can make informed decisions before buying clothing and accessories made from fur , wool , and leather .
This is not the first of queer people standing up against animal cruelty , the intersection between queer and animal liberation is alive and well .
NEW YORK , Dec. 26 ( UPI ) --
Crude oil prices rose Friday to more than $ 37 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange in a holiday - shortened trading week .
Crude oil prices gained $ 2.41 to $ 37.78 per barrel , after falling to $ 35.35 Wednesday .
Advertisement
Heating oil prices rose 0.009 cents Friday to $ 1.254 per gallon .
Reformulated blendstock gasoline rose 0.0208 cents to 84.35 cents per gallon .
Natural gas prices fell 0.02 cents to $ 5.89 per million British thermal units .
At the pump , the average price for a gallon of regular unleaded gasoline fell to $ 1.642 Friday , from Thursday 's $ 1.648 a gallon , AAA said .
Enlarge By Hadi Mizban , AP A private security company 's armored vehicle rolls through Tahrir square in central Baghdad on Dec. 13 .
Iraq will have more jurisdiction over security contractors next year .
BAGHDAD 
When the calendar flips to 2009 on Thursday , Iraq 's government will gain control over the Green Zone and its own airspace and some jurisdiction over security contractors under the terms of a deal that will fundamentally change how the United States operates here .
The changes , outlined in a landmark security agreement the Bush administration signed in November , are part of the broadest transfer of responsibilities to Iraqi hands since 2004 , when the government regained sovereignty from the U.S. - led Coalition Provisional Authority ( CPA ) .
The most visible changes will take place in the Green Zone , the fortified section of Baghdad that has been the U.S. headquarters since the invasion in 2003 .
Last week , Gen. Ray Odierno , the top U.S. military commander in Iraq , called it the Iraqi Security Zone .
U.S. forces will continue to issue ID cards and act as advisers for months to come , but except for the sprawling U.S. Embassy complex along the Tigris River , the Iraqis " will be in charge " Jan.
1 , Odierno said .
The changes represent " a palpable shift in power , " said Daniel Serwer , former executive director of the Iraq Study Group , a panel appointed by Congress in 2006 to assess the situation here .
" If the Americans had the bigger office on Dec. 31 , they 'll have the smaller one on Jan. 1 . " The U.S. - Iraqi Status of Forces Agreement , or SOFA , mandates the withdrawal of all U.S. troops from Iraq by 2011 and establishes guidelines for their actions until then .
It also sets terms for non-military personnel operating in Iraq , including private security contractors who guard diplomats and other civilians working here .
Until now , all American contractors have avoided Iraq 's jurisdiction under a rule issued by the CPA in 2004 that said contractors were " immune from Iraqi legal process . "
That arrangement has been deeply unpopular with the Iraqi public since September 2007 , when guards from the Blackwater company opened fire and killed 14 Iraqis in Baghdad , according to the U.S. Justice Department .
Five of the guards were indicted on manslaughter charges this month .
The SOFA explicitly ends that immunity for contractors working for the military or Defense Department .
The agreement says nothing about contractors such as Blackwater that work for civilian agencies such as the State Department — and it is unclear how much their operations would be affected , if at all .
Police powers Adnan al - Asadi , a senior deputy in Iraq 's Ministry of Interior , said Iraqi police will be able to search the offices and vehicles of private security contractors , confiscate illegal weapons and expel companies operating without a license .
" Now it is our turn to be responsible for the safety of our country , " said al - Asadi , whose huge ministry employs 650,000 police and other security personnel .
A State Department inspector general 's report released Dec. 18 said it was " still unresolved " what the SOFA will mean to Blackwater and two other private security companies that protect diplomats here .
The mere prospect of Americans in Iraqi jails could result in changes .
A report this month by the U.S. Institute of Peace , a Washington think tank , urged the incoming Obama administration to develop contingency plans in case Iraq exercises its new powers to prosecute U.S. contractors or troops in Iraqi courts .
It said the Iraqi government " may quickly assert its authority " to prosecute U.S. citizens , " especially given the current high pitch of nationalist sentiment in Iraq . "
The State Department report said that if Blackwater and other contractors are no longer granted immunity , many " personal security specialists would leave , and those remaining would ask for and receive premium compensation " at much greater cost to taxpayers .
Doug Brooks , president of the International Peace Operations Association , a trade group in Washington , called the SOFA " terrible . "
He said contractors will " have no protection " from arrest and detention .
The Blackwater issue In April , the State Department renewed its contract with Blackwater , which is the largest security contractor in Iraq with 1,000 employees .
The State Department said it would await the results of an ongoing FBI investigation into the shooting in 2007 before possibly reconsidering .
Iraq canceled Blackwater 's license after the shooting but had no legal authority to enforce a ban .
Al - Asadi said the company may have to leave Iraq because the Ministry of Interior has denied its application for a new license .
Al - Asadi said Blackwater is among 70 private security companies that have been " working under the cover of the American forces " without a license .
" If they do n't have a license , they should leave , " he said .
" Only those with licenses can work here . "
Blackwater spokeswoman Anne Tyrell declined to comment .
In an e-mail , she wrote , " Blackwater works in Iraq at the behest and under the direction of the United States government . "
" We are not envisioning changing our contracting practice " with Blackwater , U.S. Embassy spokeswoman Susan Ziadeh said Sunday .
She refused to answer " hypothetical " questions about who would protect diplomats if Blackwater was expelled by the Iraqi government .
" We 're not there yet , " she said .
Though it remains unsettled who will accompany diplomatic convoys , al - Asadi said he was confident about what kinds of weapons contractors will , and will not , tote in the new year .
As of Thursday , most foreign contractors will not be allowed to possess machine guns that fire .50 - caliber bullets or larger .
If they 're caught with such heavy weapons , Iraqi security forces will take them away .
" An AK - 47 is enough to protect them , " al - Asadi said .
" They do n't have the right to have more effective weapons than we have . "
Contributing : Ali A. Nabhan Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Chris Keates said teachers could be unfairly criminalised Teachers should not be prosecuted for having affairs with their sixth formers , a union chief has said .
NASUWT general secretary Chris Keates said it was an " anomaly " that a teacher who had sex with a pupil aged over 16 could go on the sex offenders register .
She told ITV's Tonight programme the law was wrong because a teacher could legally enter a relationship with a sixth former at another school .
Child protection professionals have criticised her comments .
In 2001 , the law was changed to make it illegal for teachers to engage in sexual activity with pupils at their school aged under 18 .
But Miss Keates said the abuse of trust law had gone too far in cases where the relationship started after a pupil had reached the age of consent .
' Appropriate sanctions '
HAVE YOUR SAY
Teachers are in a position of trust , breaching that trust is wrong Keith , Ely , United Kingdom
She said : " If a teacher has a relationship with a pupil at the school at which they teach , it could be an 18 - year - old pupil in sixth form , then that teacher can be prosecuted and end up on the sex offenders register .
" Clearly there have to be appropriate disciplinary sanctions in the school where a teacher works to make sure that inappropriate relationships do n't develop .
" But it does seem a step too far , when there has been a consensual relationship , to put that person on the sex offenders register when , in fact , they could have a perfectly legitimate relationship with an 18 - year - old at another school . "
Protecting children Later , Miss Keates told the BBC the NASUWT had raised the anomaly as soon as the legislation was drafted and that it advises members to keep relationships professional at all times .
" Any teacher or adult who works in schools who sexually abuses a pupil of any age should face the full legal consequences , " she added .
Since 1991 , 129 teachers have been prosecuted for relationships with pupils but a Sheffield University study suggested as many as 1,500 intimate relationships develop every year .
NSPCC policy advisor Zoe Hilton said : " The law is very clear that if a teacher abuses his or her position by forming a sexual relationship with a pupil they could be prosecuted and this remains the case even if the child gives their consent .
" The law is , quite rightly , there to protect children . "
To Sir With Love : Tonight will be broadcast on ITV1 at 2000 BST on 6 October .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Post by mundaire » Sat Nov 29 , 2008 10:09 am
Oleg Volk " ; p=" 59415 wrote : I have a friend who volunteered a collection of Indian arms for photos .
He will visit me in a month and we 'll make more posters .
Is Ghandi ( the first one ) respected by the Indian public ?
I can use some of his statements in posters .
Here are some words from Gandhi : " Government control gives rise to fraud , suppression of Truth , intensification of the black market and artificial scarcity .
Above all , it unmans the people and deprives them of initiative , it undoes the teaching of self - help " " I look upon an increase in the power of the State with the greatest fear because , although while apparently doing good by minimizing exploitation , it does the greatest harm to mankind by destroying individuality which lies at the heart of all progress " " Among the many misdeeds of the British rule in India , history will look upon the Act depriving a whole nation of arms as the blackest " " We find the general work of mankind is being carried on from day to day be the mass of people acting as if by instinct "
" If they were instinctively violent the world would end in no time " " It is when the mass mind is unnaturally influenced by wicked men that the mass of mankind commit violence .
But they forget it as they commit it because they return to their peaceful nature immediately the evil influence of the directing mind has been removed " " A government that is evil has no room for good men and women except in its prisons . "
Jellen v. Commissioner , T.C. Summ . Op. 2008 - 164 ( Dec. 29 , 2008 ) :
Petitioner 's only argument is that respondent 's instructions and guidance to taxpayers as to the taxability of Social Security benefits are confusing and unclear and therefore that the Social Security disability benefits he received in 2004 and 2005 should not be subject to taxation under section 86 ( a ) .
We are sympathetic with petitioner 's complaint about unclear guidance to taxpayers that occasionally appears in respondent 's instructional publications , but petitioner is not thereby excused from paying required Federal income taxes on the Social Security benefits he received .
We sustain respondent 's adjustments to petitioner 's Federal income taxes for 2004 and 2005 .
Now that the “ R ” word is officially out of the closet , can the “ D ” word be far behind ?
The National Bureau of Economic Research , the august body that serves as a thermometer for the U.S. economy , confirmed Monday what many already suspected :
We ’re in a recession and have been for a year .
But as the economic crisis has deepened this fall , analysts and business executives increasingly have raised the prospect that we ’re headed for a depression .
The most recent example came Wednesday , when a top Chrysler executive told Congress that the failure of a major U.S. automaker could “ trigger a depression . ”
If so , do n’t expect the National Bureau of Economic Research to give us a head ’s up when it happens .
Advertisement
“ It ’s just not a part of the business - cycle - dating process that the NBER has been involved in , ” a spokeswoman for the bureau said .
According to the bureau ’s website , “ The NBER does not separately identify depressions .
The NBER business cycle chronology identifies the dates of peaks and troughs in economic activity .
We refer to the period between a peak and a trough as a contraction or a recession , and the period between the trough and the peak as an expansion . ”
The entry goes on to point out that the contraction in economic activity from 1929 to 1933 is considered the worst in U.S. history .
Real gross domestic product declined 27 % during that time , the bureau notes , roughly 10 times as much as in the worst postwar recession .
That slough of despond is often called the Great Depression .
Others apply the term to the entire decade of the 1930s , contending that it took the industrial ramp - up that preceded America ’s entry into World War II to pull the country out of its economic doldrums .
Advertisement
It ’s a debate the NBER has no intention of entering .
“ Just as the NBER does not define the term depression or identify depressions , there is no formal NBER definition or dating of the Great Depression , ” the bureau ’s website says .
But if another depression comes , chances are we ’ll know it when we see it .
--
Advertisement
martin.zimmerman@latimes.com
The HTML source for my ( i.e. , this ) web site lives in a Git repository on my local workstation .
This page describes how I set things up so that I can make changes live by running just " git push web " .
The one - line summary : push into a remote repository that has a detached work tree , and a post - receive hook that runs " git checkout -f " .
The local repository
It does n't really matter how the local repository is set up , but for the sake of argument , let 's suppose you 're starting one from scratch .
$ mkdir website && cd website $ git init Initialized empty Git repository in / home / ams / website /.git/ $ echo ' Hello , world ! ' > index.html $ git add index.html $ git commit -q -m " The humble beginnings of my web site . "
Anyway , however you got there , you have a repository whose contents you want to turn into a web site .
The remote repository
I assume that the web site will live on a server to which you have ssh access , and that things are set up so that you can ssh to it without having to type a password ( i.e. , that your public key is in ~/.ssh / authorized_keys and you are running ssh- agent locally ) .
On the server , we create a new repository to mirror the local one .
$ mkdir website .git && cd website.git $ git init -- bare Initialized empty Git repository in /home/ams/website.git /
Then we define ( and enable ) a post - receive hook that checks out the latest tree into the web server 's DocumentRoot ( this directory must exist ; Git will not create it for you ) :
$ mkdir /var/www/www.example.org $ cat > hooks / post - receive #!/bin/sh GIT_WORK_TREE=/var/www/www.example.org git checkout -f $ chmod +x hooks / post - receive
Note : earlier versions of this howto depended on setting the git config variables core. worktree to the target directory , core . bare to false , and receive .
denycurrentbranch to ignore .
But these changes are not needed if you use GIT_WORK_TREE ( which did n't work when I first wrote the howto ) , and the remote repository can remain bare .
Back on the workstation , we define a name for the remote mirror , and then mirror to it , creating a new " master " branch there .
$ git remote add web ssh://server.example.org/home/ams/website.git
$ git push web + master :refs/heads /master
On the server , /var/www/www.example.org should now contain a copy of your files , independent of any .git metadata .
The update process
Nothing could be simpler .
In the local repository , just run
$ git push web
This will transfer any new commits to the remote repository , where the post - receive hook will immediately update the DocumentRoot for you .
( This is more convenient than defining your workstation as a remote on the server , and running " git pull " by hand or from a cron job , and it does n't require your workstation to be accessible by ssh . )
Notes
A few more things bear mentioning .
First , the work tree ( /var/www/www.example.org above ) must be writable by the user who runs the hook ( or the user needs sudo access to run git checkout - f , or something similar ) .
Also , the work tree does not need to correspond exactly to your DocumentRoot .
Your repository may represent only a subdirectory of it , or even contain it as a subdirectory .
In the work tree , you will need to set the environment variable GIT_DIR to the path to website .
git before you can run any git commands ( e.g. " git status " ) .
Setting receive.denycurrentbranch to " ignore " on the server eliminates a warning issued by recent versions of git when you push an update to a checked - out branch on the server .
( Thanks to Miklos Vajna for pointing this out . )
You can push to more than one remote repository by adding more URLs under the [ remote " web " ] section in your .git / config .
[ remote " web " ] url = ssh://server.example.org/home/ams/website.git url = ssh://other.example.org/home/foo/website.git
There are also other hooks .
See githooks ( 5 ) for details .
For example , you could use pre-receive to accept or deny a push based on the results of an HTML validator .
Or you could do more work in the post - receive hook ( such as send email to co-maintainers ; see contrib / hooks / post - receive - email ) .
I wrote this after reading Daniel Miessler 's piece on Using Git to maintain your website ( no longer available ) .
He pushes to a bare repository on the server and pulls changes into a second clone that is used as the DocumentRoot .
My implementation has fewer moving parts , and keeps .git separate from the DocumentRoot .
Note : some people have reported that this strategy does n't work under git 1.5.4.3 ( because the git checkout -f fails ) .
I know it does work with 1.6.x .
I have n't investigated further .
Variants
These are links to articles that readers have sent me .
I have glanced at them before linking , but I have n't tried out the instructions myself .
Questions and suggestions are welcome .
So what will be left of the Republican Party after next week 's US election ?
The answer lies in the sands of Florida , where the sunshine - state Republicans have nominated an unrepentant torturer as their candidate for Congress .
They view his readiness to torture an innocent Iraqi not as a source of shame , but as his prime qualification for office .
This is American conservatism in the dying days of Bush – and it points out the direction that Sarah Palin would like to take it in 2012 .
In August 2003 , Colonel Allen West – commanding a US unit in Baghdad – heard a rumour that one of the Iraqi policeman he was working with was a secret insurgent .
He ordered his officers to go and seize Yehiya Hamoodi , a thin , bespectacled 31 - year - old , from his home .
They dragged him into a Humvee , beat him , and then handcuffed , shackled and blindfolded him .
In a dank interrogation room , they told him he had better start talking .
Perplexed and terrified , Yehiya explained he did n't know what they were talking about : why was he here ?
So West was called in .
He told Yehiya he was going to be killed .
While his men beat him again , he explained he had one last chance to save his life – by talking .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Yehiya protested : I am innocent !
What are you talking about ?
So West took him outside , had him pinned down , and began to shoot .
First he fired into the air .
Then he ordered his men to ram Yehiya 's head into a barrel used for cleaning weapons – and fired right next to his head .
Then he began to count down from five .
Finally Yehiya began to scream out names – any name he could think of , just to make it stop .
The men he named were seized and roughed up in turn .
No evidence was found of any plot , and after another 45 days of terror , Yehiya was released .
Today , he is severely traumatised , and collapses when he sees a Humvee approaching .
The story only came to light after one of West 's soldiers began to protest against these practices , and the Pentagon launched an investigation .
At a pre-trial hearing , West was fined $ 5,000 , and now concedes grudgingly : " It 's possible I was wrong about Mr Hamoodi . "
But he says he would do it again , and again , and again .
West has even taken to joking about it , gaining applause for telling Republican audiences : " It was n't torture .
Seeing Rosie O'Donnell naked would be torture . "
But the 1994 Convention Against Torture , to which the US is a signatory , is explicit : " Threat of imminent death " is the third form of torture it outlaws .
There are reams of studies showing it can traumatise a person for life .
Yet the Republican Party has rallied to the defence of this torturer , and of torture in general .
The Bush administration has ordered the simulated drowning of " high - value " suspects , and set up secret black ops sites across the world where it is practiced .
After Afghan detainees were hanged from the ceiling and beaten to death , the officers responsible were merely given a " letter of reprimand " .
West 's " toughness " is fawned over ; one leading conservative magazine has even named him its Man of the Year .
And Sarah Palin , the Party 's darling , mocks Barack Obama 's opposition to torture .
She complains : " Al - Qaida terrorists still plot to inflict catastrophic harm on America [ and ] he 's worried that someone wo n't read them their rights . "
Palin is fond of saying that she " wo n't blink when it comes to terror " , but if you do n't blink , your corneas dry out , and you go blind .
At first , the rise of John McCain looked like a repudiation of torture .
McCain was tortured by the Viet Cong for three years , and the beatings were so vicious that even today he can't raise his arms to brush his own hair .
For a time , he was a loud , proud opponent of torture – but then he caved .
In February 2008 , he voted to allow the CIA to be excluded from the ban on torture – when he knows the CIA who are the prime American torturers today .
Then , when the Supreme Court ruled that Guantanamo detainees have basic habeas corpus rights , McCain called it " one of the worst decisions in the history of the country . "
If McCain will compromise on this , he will compromise on anything .
He has tried to flip - flop back , saying he would ban torture after all , but if he tried now , he would face mass rebellion from his own party and Vice - President .
It is unthinkable he would permit war crimes tribunals of the Party colleagues who ordered this torture .
The advocates of torture love to wheel out the ticking bomb scenario served up every week on 24 .
But think about what it requires .
You have to ( a ) be certain you have captured a bomber in the very brief window between him planting a bomb and it blowing up , yet ( b ) have no idea where the bomb is .
This has never happened , anywhere in the world , ever .
No : what happens in reality is Yehiya Hamoodi .
You get a man you kinda - sorta suspect ; you torture him ; and you get junk intelligence leading you up wrong paths .
What would you confess to if I put a gun to your head and started counting down from five ?
Once you start to torture it does n't just stay in the neat mind - experiments favoured by philosophers .
After the Israeli supreme court approved torture in very limited circumstances , soldiers were soon torturing two thirds of the Palestinians they held captive .
Professor David Luban explains : " Escalation is the rule , not the aberration .
Abu Ghraib is the fully predictable image of what a torture culture looks like . "
There are no recorded instances of getting useable intelligence from torture – but even if in some freak instance after you have tortured a thousand Yahiyas you finally did , would it outweigh the damage of handing al Qaeda a thousand new recruits , vindicating Bin Laden 's hate - talk and breaching the most basic moral codes ?
The gap between the Republican and Democratic Parties is too narrow , but on this issue it is hefty .
The Republicans have curdled into the Party of Torture , bullying their torture - victim nominee into backing their barbarism , and proudly picking a torturer as their candidate for Congress .
That sound of screaming from inside the Palin - drome is n't just from fawning Republicans – it's from men like Yehiya .
j.hari@independent.co.uk
Do n't look at me , he 's YOUR son .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Get the biggest stories sent straight to your inbox Sign up for regular updates and breaking news from WalesOnline Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
IN ONE of the great movie moments , Harry Lime ( The Third Man ) muses that , after 500 years of peace and prosperity , the only thing to come out of Switzerland was .... the cuckoo clock .
Well , this week Switzerland gave the world something else : the chance to reflect that our drug laws are ... yes , from cloud cuckoo land .
Swiss voters backed a scheme to provide heroin to addicts after they saw the results of a test programme launched as long ago as 1994 and opposed since then by the usual suspects – we ’ve got plenty here , from conservative coppers to ranting MPs .
Those voters saw that crime fell dramatically , streets and parks ( and areas around schools ) were cleared of dealers and supervision , ensuring the purity of substances , meant healthier addicts , fewer deaths , less pressure on health services .
So they voted for common sense .
In some cities in Britain and other countries where such experimental schemes have given addicts heroin under supervision , crime has dropped and street sales stopped .
Only a tiny minority of our 280,000 users were given the treatment , but it shows what could happen if this government , or any government , legalised ALL drugs .
It ’s plain to see that the so - called “ war on drugs ” is n’t working ( whatever happened to our “ Drugs Czar ” ? ) .
We ’re spending billions on this useless battle but the UK market is still one of the most lucrative in the world , worth at last count £ 5.3 bn , equal to about 40 % of the alcohol market .
Worldwide , the drugs trade makes £ 200bn , second only in value to oil .
That ’s the cash cost .
The cost in human misery ca n’t be computed .
Meanwhile , back home , we get these periodic drug busts where a bunch of coppers bellowing like banshees , looking more like Robocop than Dixon of Dock Green , bash down the door of some hapless , harmless valley druggie at dawn .
There follows the inevitable announcement that the evil - doers are off our streets , we can celebrate another victory in the war on ... yeah , yeah , it makes a great photo - op but not much else .
And you can bet it ’ll happen again .
And again .
But some senior police officers , doctors , social workers and those politicians who can see it makes sense , say that drugs should be legalised .
For a start that would eliminate the drug - related crime that costs us something like £ 15 bn a year – averaging £ 45,000 for each addict committing about 450 crimes a year to feed the habit .
No politician or policeman would be nuts enough to call for the prohibition of alcohol .
We know what would happen .
It would go underground as it did when America tried what the Puritan lobby called the “ Noble Experiment ” from 1920 to 1933 .
The experiment failed .
It brought the rise of a criminal cartel as big as General Motors .
It triggered bloody turf wars in every city , and the bootleg booze provided killed thousands of innocents whose only connection to Capone was through buying his stuff .
Well , it ’s happening here now , think drugs instead of alcohol .
We ’re coming perilously close to Chicago - style warfare on our streets as gangs battle , with Scotland Yard estimating that 95 % of all illegal guns in Britain are linked to the drug trade .
Legalise drugs and that trade vanishes , along with most street crime and the random shootings that kill kids in the line of fire .
And watch the deaths from impure drugs fall as well when the state is the supplier instead of the crook on the corner .
Drinkers die in much greater numbers than druggies , costing the NHS billions .
Yet , as I said , only a policeman or politician with a death wish would call for the prohibition of alcohol .
So , if alcohol is legal , can anyone tell me why other , less harmful , drugs are illegal ?
Or why the lad from Cardiff ’s dockland gets collared while “ celebrity users ” like Kate Moss and Amy Winehouse are apparently immune to prosecution along with the billionaire Hans Kristian Rausing and his wife , cautioned , merely cautioned , for possession of crack , cocaine and heroin .
Maybe it ’s because they do n’t have to mug a pensioner to feed the habit .
Science | Subscribe Posted by Michael Pinto on Dec 19 , 2008 in Hobbies and Collections
What happens when a top flight international team of biochemists and rocket scientists get together ?
The answer is Space Beer !
The brew was created with barley grown on the International Space Station :
Space beer lands in Japan
“ Space Beer , the result of a five - month mission to boldly grow , where almost no one has grown barley before , has landed in Japan .
The adult beverage , brewed from barleycorn cultivated in the International Space Station in 2006 , has splashed down courtesy of the Russian Academy of Science , a Japanese university and beer giant Sapporo . ”
The trailer of the first anal
The trailer of the first anal
FPS : She knows how to suck
FPS : She knows how to suck
She is great at giving handys
She is great at giving handys
Send us your birds
Have you got something we should definitely share ?
Contact us !
" I think that God created the Earth , created the world ; I think the creation of the world is so mysterious it requires something as large as an almighty and I do n't think it 's incompatible with the scientific proof that there is evolution , " he told ABC television .
A few months ago , Dare Obasanjo noticed a brief exchange my friend Jon Galloway and I had on Twitter .
Unfortunately , Twitter makes it unusually difficult to follow conversations , but Dare outlines the gist of it in Developers , Using Libraries is not a Sign of Weakness :
The problem Jeff was trying to solve is how to allow a subset of HTML tags while stripping out all other HTML so as to prevent cross site scripting ( XSS ) attacks .
The problem with Jeff 's approach which was pointed out in the comments by many people including Simon Willison is that using regexes to filter HTML input in this way assumes that you will get fairly well - formed HTML .
The problem with that approach which many developers have found out the hard way is that you also have to worry about malformed HTML due to the liberal HTML parsing policies of many modern Web browsers .
Thus to use this approach you have to pretty much reverse engineer every HTML parsing quirk of common browsers if you do n't want to end up storing HTML which looks safe but actually contains an exploit .
Thus to utilize this approach Jeff really should have been looking at using a full fledged HTML parser such as SgmlReader or Beautiful Soup instead of regular expressions .
The sad thing is that Jeff Atwood is n't the first nor will he be the last programmer to think to himself " It 's just HTML sanitization , how hard can it be ? " .
There are many lists of Top HTML Validation Bloopers that show tricky it is to get the right solution to this seemingly trivial problem .
Additionally , it is sad to note that despite his recent experience , Jeff Atwood still argues that he'd rather make his own mistakes than blindly inherit the mistakes of others as justification for continuing to reinvent the wheel in the future .
That is unfortunate given that is a bad attitude for a professional software developer to have .
My response ?
@jongalloway you 're right , coding is hard .
Let 's go shopping !
— Jeff Atwood ( @codinghorror ) August 31 , 2008
Bad attitude ?
I think that 's a matter of perspective .
( The phase " programming is hard , let 's go shopping ! " is a snowclone .
As usual , Language Log has us covered .
Ironically , we later had a brief run-in with Consultant Barbie " herself " on Stack Overflow – who you may know from reddit .
There 's no trace of her left on SO , but as griefing goes , it was fairly benign and even arguably on - topic . )
In the development of Stack Overflow , I determined early on that we'd be using Markdown for entering questions and answers in the system .
Unfortunately , Markdown allows users to intermix HTML into the markup .
It 's part of the spec and everything .
I sort of wish it was n't , actually – one of the great attractions of pseudo - markup languages like BBCode is that they have nothing in common with HTML and thus sanitizing the input becomes trivial .
Users have two choices :
Enter approved pseudo - markup .
Trick question .
There is no other choice !
With BBCode , if the user enters HTML you blow it away with extreme prejudice – it's encoded , without exceptions .
Easy .
No thinking and barely any code required .
Since we use Markdown , we do n't have that luxury .
Like it or not , we are now in the nasty , brutish business of distinguishing " good " HTML markup from " evil " HTML markup .
That 's hard .
Really hard .
Dare and Jon are right to question the competency and maybe even the sanity of any developer who willingly decided to bite off that particular problem .
But here 's the thing : deeply understanding HTML sanitization is a critical part of my business .
Users entering markdown is n't just some little tickbox in a feature matrix for me , it is quite literally the entire foundation that our website is built on .
Here 's a pop quiz from way back in 2001 .
See how you do .
Code Reuse is : Good Bad Reinventing the Wheel is : Good Bad The Not -Invented - Here Syndrome is : Good Bad
I 'm sure most developers are practically climbing over each other in their eagerness to answer at this point .
Of course code reuse is good .
Of course reinventing the wheel is bad .
Of course the not - invented - here syndrome is bad .
Except when it is n't .
Joel Spolsky explains :
If it 's a core business function – do it yourself , no matter what .
Pick your core business competencies and goals , and do those in house .
If you 're a software company , writing excellent code is how you 're going to succeed .
Go ahead and outsource the company cafeteria and the CD - ROM duplication .
If you 're a pharmaceutical company , write software for drug research , but do n't write your own accounting package .
If you 're a web accounting service , write your own accounting package , but do n't try to create your own magazine ads .
If you have customers , never outsource customer service .
Being a " professional " developer , if there really is such a thing – I still have my doubts – does n't mean choosing third - party libraries for every possible programming task you encounter .
Nor does it mean blindly writing everything yourself out of a misguided sense of duty or the perception that 's what gonzo , hardcore programming types do .
Rather , experienced developers learn what their core business functions are and write whatever software they deem necessary to perform those functions extraordinarily well .
Do I regret spending a solid week building a set of HTML sanitization functions for Stack Overflow ?
Not even a little .
There are plenty of sanitization solutions outside the .NET ecosystem , but precious few for C# or VB.NET .
I 've contributed the core code back to the community , so future .NET adventurers can use our code as a guidepost ( or warning sign , depending on your perspective ) on their own journey .
They can learn from the simple , proven routine we wrote and continue to use on Stack Overflow every day .
( Sadly this code outlasted the refactormycode website , so I 've reprinted the final version here ; consider this MIT licensed . )
private static Regex _tags = new Regex ( " < [ ^ > ] * ( > | $ ) " , RegexOptions .
Singleline | RegexOptions.ExplicitCapture | RegexOptions .Compiled ) ; private static Regex _whitelist = new Regex ( @ " ^</?( b( lockquote ) ?
|code|d( d|t|l|el ) |em|h ( 1|2|3) |i|kbd|li|ol|p(re ) ?|s(ub|up|trong|trike ) ?|ul ) >$ | ^ <( b|h )r\s ?/?>$ " , RegexOptions .
Singleline | RegexOptions.ExplicitCapture | RegexOptions .
Compiled | RegexOptions. IgnorePatternWhitespace ) ; private static Regex _whitelist_a = new Regex (@ " ^< a\s href= " " ( \#\d + |( https ?
|ftp ) ://[-a-z0-9+&@#/%?=~_| !: , . ;\( \ ) ] + ) " " ( \stitle= " " [ ^ " " < > ] + " " ) ?\s?>$| ^</a>$ " , RegexOptions .
Singleline | RegexOptions.ExplicitCapture | RegexOptions .
Compiled | RegexOptions. IgnorePatternWhitespace ) ; private static Regex _whitelist_img = new Regex (@ " ^< img\s src= " " https ?://[-a-z0-9+&@#/%?=~_|!: , . ;\( \ ) ] + " " ( \swidth= " " \d{ 1,3} " " ) ? ( \sheight = " " \d{ 1,3} " " ) ? ( \salt= " " [ ^ " " < > ] * " " ) ? ( \stitle= " " [ ^ " " < > ] * " " ) ? \s ?/?>$ " , RegexOptions .
Singleline | RegexOptions.ExplicitCapture | RegexOptions .
Compiled | RegexOptions .
IgnorePatternWhitespace ) ; /// < summary > /// sanitize any potentially dangerous tags from the provided raw HTML input using /// a whitelist based approach , leaving the " safe " HTML tags /// CODESNIPPET:4100A61A-1711-4366-B0B0-144D1179A937 /// </summary > public static string Sanitize ( string html ) { if ( String. IsNullOrEmpty ( html ) ) return html ; string tagname ; Match tag ; // match every HTML tag in the input MatchCollection tags = _tags .
Matches ( html ) ; for ( int i = tags .
Count - 1 ; i > - 1 ; i--) { tag = tags [ i ] ; tagname = tag.Value.ToLowerInvariant ( ) ; if (!( _whitelist .IsMatch( tagname ) || _whitelist_a.IsMatch( tagname ) || _whitelist_img.IsMatch( tagname ) ) ) { html = html .
Remove( tag .
Index , tag .
Length ) ; System.Diagnostics.Debug.WriteLine(" tag sanitized : " + tagname ) ; } } return html ; }
Honestly , I 'm not that great of a developer .
I 'm not so much talented as competent and loud .
Start writing and talking and you can be loud , too .
But I 'll tell you this : in choosing to fight that HTML sanitizer battle , I 've earned the scars of experience .
I do n't have to take anybody 's word for it – I do n't have to trust " libraries " .
I can look at the code , examine the input and output , and predict exactly what kinds of problems might arise .
I have a deep and profound understanding of the risks , pitfalls , and tradeoffs of HTML sanitization .. and cross-site scripting vulnerabilities .
As Richard Feynman so famously wrote on his last blackboard , what I cannot create , I do not understand .
This is exactly the kind of programming experience I need to keep watch over Stack Overflow , and I would n't trade it for anything .
You may not be building a website that depends on users entering markup , so you might make a different decision than I did .
But surely there 's something , some core business competency , so important that you feel compelled to build it yourself , even if it means making your own mistakes .
Programming is hard .
But that does n't mean you should always go shopping for third party libraries instead of writing code .
If it 's a core business function , write that code yourself , no matter what .
If other programmers do n't understand why it 's so critically important that you sit down and write that bit of code – well , that 's their problem .
They 're probably too busy shopping to understand .
' Illuminati ' cybersquatters make killing over Bush library John Byrne
Published : Thursday December 11 , 2008
Print This Email This Damn those Internets .
President Bush 's presidential library lost their domains to cybersquatters and the company charged with developing the website was forced to pay $ 35,000 to get it back .
The squatters , a North Carolina company called Illuminati Karate , leveraged the domain that the presidential library let expire into a sweet five - figure sum after an embarrassing report in a Dallas newspaper that they 'd lost the domain .
Illuminati's return on investment was a whopping 3500 % .
They paid just $ 10 for the domain .
" Illuminati Karate paid less than $ 10 for the www .
George WBushLibrary.com domain name  and sold it back for $ 35,000 to the library 's contracted Web developers , Yuma Solutions , who had accidentally let it expire , " the Dallas News reported Thursday .
" Illuminati Karate recognized what the library obviously knew as well  that anything else , like www .
GWBPresidentialLibrary .com , would have been cumbersome and less than ideal . "
" It worked out very well , " said Huger , lead Web developer for Illuminati Karate in Raleigh , N.C. , told the paper .
Mark Mills , owner of Yuma Solutions , could not be reached for comment .
The company sold $ 1.25 million in computers and support services to Sen.
John McCain's ( R - AZ ) presidential campaign this year .
Plato Was a Backpacker
Travel Books : Frank Bures looks a long way back to fellow traveler Plato and the seeds of wisdom
Not far into Will Durant ’s book The Story of Philosophy , I came across a startling fact .
In his chapter on the Greek thinker Plato , after discussing the politics , history and geography of ancient Athens , he mentions that , due to political unrest , the philosopher was forced to leave the city - state in 399 B.C .
“ Where he went , we cannot for certain say , ” Durant writes .
“ Twelve years he wandered , imbibing wisdom from every source , sitting at every shrine , tasting every creed .
Some would have it that he went to Judea and was moulded there for a while by the tradition of the almost socialistic prophets ; and even that he found his way to the banks of the Ganges and learned the mystic meditation of the Hindus .
We do not know . ”
I had no idea Plato spent so much time on the road .
Like most students , I was assigned to read The Republic in college — several times .
As I recall , it seemed like an interesting set of mental exercises , a decent bunch of questions , with maybe even some worthwhile ideas about how society should be run .
( Do n’t all college students think they ’re philosopher - king material ? )
But Plato the traveler ?
One thing did make a huge impression on me : Plato ’s famous allegory of the cave , in which Socrates and Glaucon are having a chat about — what else ? — the plight of humanity .
Imagine , Socrates says , some people in a cave , chained so they can only see the shadows of things on the wall , not the things as they really are : “ They are in it from childhood with their legs and necks in bonds so that they are fixed , seeing only in front of them . ”
Glaucon is taken aback .
“ It is a strange image , ” he says , “ and strange prisoners you ’re telling of . ”
“ They ’re like us , ” Socrates replies .
“ For in the first place , do you suppose such men would have seen anything of themselves and one another other than the shadows cast by the fire on the side of the cave facing them ? ”
“ How could they , ” Glaucon asks , “ if they had been compelled to keep their heads motionless throughout life ? ”
Indeed .
I remember reading this and feeling a sharp pang of recognition , then reading about the guy who is dragged out of the cave to see things as they are for the first time :
Not absolute , solid things at all .
Just shadows on the wall !
This was heady stuff , and it resonated .
Of all “ The Republic , ” this seemed like the most brilliant and telling critique — just as relevant to our society as it was to Plato’s .
At the time I did n’t really understand why this was so powerful for me .
Now I think I do .
Oceans of ink have been spilled about what Plato meant when he wrote this story .
Was it about the ascent of the soul ?
Was it about true perceptions of the forms ?
Was it about proper education ?
Or was it , I wonder , about travel ?
After a little more research , I found that indeed Plato had traveled quite a bit .
Yet he did n’t document his voyages like Herodotus .
He did n’t keep a diary , or draw any sketches .
In fact , he did n’t seem to write much about these travels at all .
But scholars have pieced them together .
According to Jeno Platthy in Plato : A Critical Biography , the philosopher made at least five separate journeys for periods of years to Italy , Sicily , Egypt and “ the East . ”
The later journeys are better known , some of which were made for political reasons .
The earlier ones , less so .
For example , in his second trip abroad , he supposedly lived in a rented house in Heliopolis ( now in Egypt ) and helped pay for his time abroad by selling oil .
Yet it ’s Plato ’s first trip abroad that holds the most mystery and promise .
Pletthy writes that Plato scarcely mentions this adventure , because , “ even to himself , such a journey could have appeared ... as a youthful fling abroad , not worthy of recollection which could not be tied to later meaningful historical events . ”
A youthful fling , indeed .
Plato was 27 - years - old and a student of Socrates when he set off for Italy to try to learn the secrets of the Pythagoreans in Acragas .
Once there he was “ plunged into banqueting , ” and there is a cryptic ( and disputed ) reference to him “ never sleeping alone at night ” while in the city .
Later , he wrote that the residents “ build as if they would live forever , and stuff themselves as if they ’re eating their last meal before they die . ”
To me , this sounded a lot like Plato ’s gap year , his study abroad .
And I knew the effect that kind of thing can have on a person , because when I first read the allegory of the cave , I had only been back from my own year in Italy ( where I slept alone plenty of times ) for a few months .
I was in the midst of possibly one of the worst cases of reverse culture shock on record .
I was questioning everything .
Not just the big things .
Everything .
What I ate .
How I dressed .
What I believed .
Which sports I watched .
I thought about how the world worked and how I thought it should work .
In Italy , it had all been done differently and worked just fine .
Maybe better in some ways .
Yet I found myself back among my compatriots who had no real interest in the fact that so many aspects of our lives were arbitrary .
Shadows on the wall !
It was like they ’d been compelled to keep their heads motionless throughout their lives .
This reckless questioning is not the same as wisdom .
But I can easily imagine a young Plato coming home from Italy and wanting to scream from the rooftops : “ You lemmings !
Must we all eat olives and figs ? ”
It is a powerful experience to see that things do n’t have to be the way they are , that our societies and our lives can be arranged otherwise .
This is one of the great gifts of seeing the world .
It can be like coming out of our cave , blinking and looking .
It feels like the first time you ’ve seen everything .
And while that may not be wisdom , it may well be the beginning of wisdom — mine or yours or Plato ’s — which is what we hope to find when we have left our caves behind .
Saltwater - loving plants could open up half a million square miles of previously unusable territory for energy crops , helping settle the heated food - versus - fuel debate , which nearly derailed biofuel progress last year .
By increasing the world 's irrigated acreage by 50 percent , saltwater crops could provide a no - guilt source of biomass for alt fuel makers and tone down the rhetoric of U.N. officials worried about food prices , one of whom called the conversion of arable land to biofuel crops " a crime against humanity . "
While growing crops in saltwater has been on the fringes of horticulture for decades , the new demand for alternative energy has pushed the idea onto the pages of the nation 's most prestigious scientific journal and drawn the attention of NASA scientists .
Citing the work of Robert Glenn , a plant biologist at the University of Arizona , two biologists argue in this week 's Science that " the increasing demand for agricultural products and the spread of salinity now make this concept worth serious consideration and investment . "
Glenn has been arguing for the value of all kinds of saltwater farming to a small but growing audience for nearly thirty years , but it is the demand for biomass to turn into fuel that brought NASA calling .
His team 's report for the agency estimates that salt - loving crops could be used to produce 1.5 billion barrels of ethanol annually on a swath of new agricultural land almost five times the size of Texas .
" I 'm convinced that saltwater agriculture is going to open up a whole new expanse of land and water for crop production , " Glenn said .
" Maybe the world has n't needed a 50 percent expansion in irrigated agricultural land because we 've had enough food , but now that biofuels are in the mix , I think it 's the way crop production should go . "
The world 's population has grown by five billion people since 1900 to an astounding 6.7 billion today .
Despite the population explosion , food production — primarily animal feed and commodity cereals like wheat and rice — has been able to keep pace .
But the food system has been severely stressed by a variety of factors , including the increasing use of arable land to grow energy crops to turn into biofuels .
Even if energy crops did n't cause all or even most of the precipitous rise in food prices in 2007 , most social and environmental groups agree that the best location for bioenergy crops would be on currently unusable land .
That would ensure that land used to grow food crops in poor countries was n't converted to growing energy crops to power cars in developed nations .
A key question has remained , though : where exactly will humans find a whole bunch of unused land that is still good for growing crops ?
Overly salty land could play a large and previously underappreciated role .
That 's because there 's plenty of previously uncultivated territory in the world 's coastal deserts , inland salty soils , and over - salinized agricultural land .
After taking into account environmental protections and other factors , Glenn 's report estimates that 480,000 square miles of unused land around the world could be used to grow a special set of salt - tolerant plants — halophytes .
Glenn 's team calculated that this could produce 1.5 billion barrels of oil equivalent per year .
That 's 35 percent of the United States ' liquid fuel needs .
Halophytes thrive in saltwater .
While salt damages most plants , these salt - loving plants actually use the saltwater to draw in fresh water .
In essence , they make themselves saltier than the surrounding water , which , through osmosis , drives fresh water into the plant .
These plants are attractive candidates for both food and fuel because they have very high biomass and oil seed yields .
The Science authors note that one leading halophyte - candidate , Salicornia bigelovii , produces 1.7 times more oil per acre than sunflowers , a common source of vegetable oil .
" [ Some halophytes ] yield even more than things like switchgrass and they 'll be grown on land that 's just not used right now , " said Glenn .
Of course , turning halophyte biomass into fuel will require further cost reductions in the production of biofuel from cellulose .
Research into cellulosic ethanol continues around the world at a breathtaking pace and many industry observers expect the next five years to yield enough breakthroughs to make the technology economical .
Halophytes could also be part of the solution to another environmental problem : heavily - salinated wastewater from large farms .
Right now , that water is dumped into manmade wetlands .
For example , in California , the Imperial Valley authorities dump their salty water into the Salton Sea .
" That 's a huge ecological problem waiting to happen , " said Glenn .
After absorbing 80 years of agricultural runoff , the Salton Sea is 25 percent saltier than the ocean , and is facing serious ecological problems .
Instead of pumping salinized water into these wetlands , the farms could capture that wastewater and use it to grow halophytes .
Already , Sharon Benes , a plant scientist at Fresno State , has been planting test plots in the San Joaquin Valley .
But even if halophytes can help solve some of the world 's environmental problems , Glenn is realistic about the difficulties of changing agricultural systems .
" I started in aquaculture back in the early 70s and we thought , golly , aquaculture is going to save the world .
Looking back , it 's been 35 years , but over half of the key fisheries products come from aquaculture , it just took longer than people thought , " Glenn said .
" I think it 's the same thing with saline crop production . "
Citation : " Crops for a Salinized World " by Jelte Rozema and Timothy Flowers .
Science , doi 10.1126/science.1168572
Image : Salicornica bigelovii and Salicornica virginica growing in Galveston , Texas .
flickr / Anna Armitage
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and webpage ; Wired Science on Facebook .
The doctrines of the Christian faith are full of paradox .
It is a reality that we sometimes forget – our familiarity can make us deaf to its jarring sounds :
A virgin is a mother .
Death is defeated by death .
He who seeks to save his life will lose it .
He who loses his life for my sake will save it .
I am crucified with Christ , nevertheless I live .
Yet not I , but Christ liveth in me .
Paradox is more than an occasional theological statement – it points to the very heart of our salvation .
The commandments that we have been given by Christ call us to a life of paradox .
Anyone who seeks to love will quickly face the dilemma of paradox .
How do I love someone who fails me – who is less than perfect – who is not the fulfillment of my every wish ?
To love is to lose ourselves for the sake of the beloved .
To forgive also presents us with a paradox , for we are not commanded to limit our forgiveness to those who deserve it , or to those who ask for it , but to extend it to all .
We are commanded to love our enemy – in effect , to love those who are unloveable .
It is the same paradox that marks the mystery of the love of God .
St. Ephrem the Syrian offers this observation in his Hymn on the Nativity ( 11:6 - 8 )
Thy mother is a cause for wonder : the Lord entered her and became a servant ;
He who is the Word entered – and became silent within her ; thunder entered her – and made no sound ; there entered the Shepherd of all , and in her He became the Lamb , bleating as He came forth .
Thy mother ’s womb has reversed the roles : the Establisher of all entered in His richness , but came forth poor ; the Exalted One entered her , but came forth meek ; the Splendrous One entered her , but came forth having put on a lowly hue .
The Mighty One entered , and put on insecurity from her womb ; the Provisioner of all entered – and experienced hunger ;
He who gives drink to all entered – and experienced thrist : naked and stripped there came forth from her He who clothes all .
Paradox makes for rich theological reflection – but as illustrated in St. Ephrem ’s writings , it is also the way of our salvation .
It is the way of our daily life ( the path of our salvation ) .
We can not love if we refuse its paradox .
We can not forgive if we deny its reality .
We cannot truly live until we know the paradox of dying daily .
The world has entered a very stressful time – with economic insecurity on a global scale .
The temptation will be to refuse the paradox .
The temptation will be for the rich to remain rich ; for the strong to remain strong ; for the anxious to reside in their anxiety .
The only way forward is the way Christ has set forth for us – who for our sake became poor ; who for our sake became weak ; who for our sake dwelt in the land of darkness that all might have light .
Glory to God for all things .
Share this : Twitter
Email
Facebook
More
Print
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
KABUL ( Reuters ) - The Taliban hold a permanent presence in 72 percent of Afghanistan , a think - tank said on Monday , but NATO and the Afghan government rejected the report , saying its figures were not credible .
The findings by the International Council on Security and Development ( ICOS ) come in the wake of a series of critical reports on Western - led military and development efforts to put an end to the seven - year Taliban insurgency in Afghanistan .
The U.S. government is conducting a wide - ranging review of strategy aimed at countering the Taliban guerrilla and bombing campaign which analysts agree has grown in both scale and scope in the last year .
But while the trends in the ICOS report reflected prevailing sentiment on Afghanistan , many of its findings appeared flawed and contained some glaring errors , security analysts said .
“ The Taliban now has a permanent presence in 72 percent of the country , ” ICOS , formerly known as the Senlis Council , said in the report , adding that the figure had risen from 54 percent last year .
ICOS is an independent think - tank and research organization based in Brazil that has researchers in the region .
The report defines a permanent presence as an average of one or more insurgent attacks per week over the entire year .
According to ICOS , a “ permanent presence ” then would include many areas of the country where the Taliban traditionally launch a large number of attacks in the spring and summer “ fighting season , ” before melting away during the harsh winter months .
“ We do n’t see the figures in this report as being credible at all , ” said NATO spokesman James Appathurai .
“ The Taliban are only present in the south and east which is already less than 50 percent of the country . ”
The Afghan government also rejected the report and said “ in addition to the questionable methodology of the report and its conceptual confusion , the report has misinterpreted the sporadic , terrorizing and media - oriented activities of the Taliban . ”
CLOSING ON KABUL ?
At least 4,000 people have been killed in fighting in Afghanistan this year , around a third of them civilians , according to United Nations figures .
In the traditional Taliban heartlands of the mainly ethnic Pashtun south and east , NATO - led and U.S. - led coalition forces are engaged in daily clashes with militants fighting to overthrow the Afghan government and drive out foreign troops .
U.S. soldiers patrol at the site of a bomb blast in Kabul August 3 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Omar Sobhani
But the insurgents generally shy away from massed attacks against Afghan and international troops , preferring “ shoot and scoot ” ambushes , backed by roadside and suicide bomb attacks .
The Taliban , said Appathurai , “ do n’t control any areas where Afghan and international forces are present .
Whenever Afghan or international forces patrol into an area they simply run away . ”
“ So the idea that the Taliban control large swathes of the country is simply impossible , ” Appathurai said .
ICOS said the Taliban are “ closing a noose ” around the Afghan capital , Kabul , “ establishing bases close to the city from which to launch attacks ...
Using these bases , the Taliban and insurgent attacks in Kabul have increased dramatically . ”
While the Taliban have built up a presence in provinces just to the south , west and east of Kabul in the last year , the number of insurgent attacks inside the city has actually gone down this year , the U.N. says .
That is largely due to a much stronger and highly visible police presence in the city in response to a series of high - profile suicide attacks in Kabul last year .
ICOS said Kabul was “ virtually Taliban - free a year ago ” and said in the city there were “ no police checkpoints at night and few in the day . ”
An ICOS map of Kabul also showed the area occupied by the U.S. embassy , the sprawling NATO headquarters and the Afghan presidential palace as one of “ high Taliban / criminal activity . ”
2020 new branch applications Decepticons Simon King
I know it 's been a weird year , with all of the rallies cancelled and the pandemic turning our lives upside down .
Your club probably planned to rally hard all summer before applying to be a branch , meeting lots of new people and gaining legendary status for your wrenching and riding skills .
That would have been great , but 2020 had other plans .
Do n't let that stop you from applying to be a branch of the Moped Army .
We 'd love to hear about your club , get to know you virtually , and better understand how you 'd represent the Moped Army in your area .
Hit up the application page for more info and be sure to submit before the end of the month .
Bakers Dozen Run Postponed till 2021 ( TBD ) Creatures of the Loin 🇮🇹 💦
Of the Loin Just to put the word out here on the front page :
We 've postponed the Run until 2021 , but still plan on riding down the Tail of the Dragon !
check the website , IG , or your local podcast for more info around January or whenever we can all hug again !
Rest in powerbands , Rick Grand Crew Detroit alex .
It is with an incredibly heavy heart that we have to inform the community of our beloved Rick Beilec passed this morning .
Rick has been around with the moped community forever .
He was a founding member of MCR in 2011 and at that point he already had a barn full of 30 +
Le Mopeds , giving him the handle " Moby Rick "
He has the kindest soul , and bent over backwards for people he barely knew .
He loves fun and always does what he can to make sure everyone around him is enjoying themselves too .
He has a deep passion for anything with a motor .
He owns over 50 mopeds , a dozen motorcycles , and over 20 classic cars .
Rick has been one of the dearest members of our family and he will be sorely missed .
Fuck cancer .
Pour one out for our brother today .
He 's with the cashew pipes in the sky now .
Run of the Mill canceled Decepticons Dave Brzezicki
Due to covid 19 we have decided to cancel this years run of the Mill rally .
We want everyone to stay safe and healthy , and your families to be safe and healthy as well .
Looking forward to a time in the future we can all get together again .
Baker 's Dozen Run Moved to Sept 13th - 19th Creatures of the Loin 🇮🇹💦 Of the Loin Bakers Dozen Run has been moved to September .
With uncertainty around large events ( I would love to actually call this a large event one day )
We have moved the Bakers Dozen to September .
Post Labor
Day will have smaller crowds at campgrounds ( you know people are going to go ) and gives us a few more months to let things shake out , and maybe to stare at that quarantine build you 've got and go " You know what ?
I can make this thing go 1200 miles no problem .... "
This years event was designed for you to enjoy the open road on two wheels , and as anyone who 's participated in the past can tell you , you might be spending 19 + hours out there socially distanced .
Be Safe , Build Safe
Zeros Rally Cancelled Zeros Toledo Riot " whats more important mopeds or moped friends ? "
I was asked this question over 10 years ago when I was debating between going to my first rally or ordering new parts , and its shaped my outlook on mopeds ever since .
So with that in mind we have decided to cancel our 2020 rally , stay safe , watch some Nic Cage movies , and slam some shitty beers , we 'll see you in 2021 Zeros Captain
- AnDi
LGN Rally Cancelled Decepticons Simon King FYI : " LGN has decided that since the Gathering of The Juggalos is cancelled , we will also postpone Philly Fun Fist 7 until 2021 .
I 'm surprised you even wanted to attend anyway with our track record .
See you all in 2021 .
Until then , wear a mask and be safe .
Pour out a Faygo for all the dead rallies this year . "
MOPITT : Yinzf3st Postponed to 2021 MOPITT MOPITT no nips Al Due to current events , we ’re bummed as hell to announce that our rally will now be postponed until 2021 .
Updates to come as time goes on .
We all miss yinz terribly .
Stay safe and Rage hard from a distance .
See you in no time ya jagoffs
" Go Ahead , Call the Cops " Postponed to 2021 LSLB LSLB Lou 😤
Due to the extenuating circumstances surrounding the Covid - 19 pandemic , our sickass rally is now postponed to 2021 .
We hope to see all you moped dude and dudettes in 2021 .
Date is TBD .
Heidi Montag LIVES !!
Who says there is no legacy , or future in being a reality show personality who made a novelty of herself … during and after the show … because she ’s back … doing what she does with her clown tits and silliness … because you can carry this bullshit on for decades …. because someone will always be willing to look at you in your bikini …with your big clown tits …
I am a fan of low levels who do n’t take themselves too seriously after years of realizing they were always low levels … because you know there was a period where they thought they were super fucking relevant and important … because they are the worst …
TO SEE TO THE REST OF THE PICS CLICK HERE
Heidi Montag Still Lives and is in a Bikini of the Day
Posted in : Heidi Montag|SFW
Gastric Sleeve Surgery is a relatively new form of bariatric procedure .
Despite it being a relative novel bariatric procedure , an increasing number of people are opting for gastric sleeve surgery in Cancun , Puerto Vallarta , Delhi , San Jose and other medical tourism destinations .
Seeing the preliminary results of this surgery , some doctors claim that in the future it may become a very common bariatric surgery , if not the most popular one .
This procedure is known by a number of alternative names such as Vertical Sleeve Gastrectomy , Vertical Gastroplasty , Greater Curvature Gastrectomy , Parietal Gastrectomy , Gastric Reduction , and Sleeve Gastroplasty .
This article discusses gastric sleeve surgery in general along with some of the advantages and disadvantages to be kept in mind when considering the procedure .
Overview of Gastric Sleeve Surgery
Gastric Sleeve was first performed in England in 2002 as a standalone weight loss procedure for anyone with a BMI greater than 35 .
Traditionally , this weight loss surgery is performed in the first phase of a two - stage bariatric procedure for super obese patients .
It is being increasingly adopted as a standalone surgery for lower BMI patients as well .
In this bariatric surgery , the surgeon removes approximately 60 to 80 percent of the stomach laparoscopically .
In the first stage of the operation the surgeon creates a tube out of the stomach by using staples .
The portion of the stomach that is stapled out is them removed .
This results in a small sized stomach which takes the shape of a “ sleeve ” , a “ banana ” or a “ tube ” .
According to a published research study , a hormone called Ghrelin makes one hungry , slows down metabolism , and decreases the body ’s ability to burn fat .
This hormone is produced in the stomach .
Gastric
Sleeve surgery removes the section of the stomach in which Ghrelin is produced .
The non production of this hunger inducing hormone results in stifling appetite .
Gastric sleeve works in two ways – one , by reducing the stomach size to accommodate only small amounts of food , and two , by helping reduce the hormones that are responsible for hunger pangs .
This is the reason Gastric Sleeve surgery is believed to be superior by many doctors .
Benefits of Gastric Sleeve Surgery
Can result in 30 to 60 % excess weight loss within 12 months of the procedure
Less invasive than gastric bypass and does not result in altering or cutting of the intestines
No dumping syndrome associated with gastric sleeve
No malabsorption as in the case of gastric bypass surgery
No dependence on nutritional supplements
No foreign device in the body , unlike a LAP BAND
Considered less risky for high BMI patients
Better for patients with complex medical conditions
Less dietary restrictions
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
An Italian man who was trying to row solo across the Pacific Ocean has had to be rescued just short of his destination in Australia .
The rower , Alex Bellini , had been at sea since leaving Peru in February and was about to reach Sydney .
But he was forced to call for help just 65 nautical miles ( 120 km ) away from land as fierce storms battered the eastern coast of Australia .
Mr Bellini said he was nonetheless happy with his achievement .
He would have been only the fifth person to complete the crossing in a rowing boat , a journey of 18,000 kilometres ( 10,000 nautical miles ) .
One of the best moments in my life
Alex Bellini
Reunited with his wife , Francesca
But facing storms and , according to Australian police , " nearing exhaustion " , he was forced to radio for help .
A New Zealand tugboat which was in the area towed the adventurer 's boat in Newcastle harbour in New South Wales .
" I 'm not disappointed .
I 'm not disappointed at all , " he told the AFP news agency .
" I 've been not able to reach land ... but the crossing has been made .
" I did n't put the cherry on top of the cake .
But the cake is very good , very big and I will never forget about it . "
He said that seeing his wife Francesca waiting for him was " one of the best moments in my life " .
Bellini said that he had not walked more than a few metres since February , as he averaged about 30 miles a day in his 7.5 - metre ( 25 - foot ) boat .
His body weight dropped by 15kg ( 33lbs ) during his 10 months at sea .
Fear , he added , was his companion on the voyage .
He kept in contact with a support team via a satellite phone and lived on dried food , drinking rain water and purified sea water .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
THE Energy Drink for Gamers !
Verified Purchase Verified Purchase
I love the taste of the mana potions and they give that extra kick that gamers look for !
I let all my viewers know how good this product is during my live streams on Twitch because the word needs to get out on how awesome Mana Potions are !
When you retard fair use with pointless DRM and then sue anonymous children for illegally downloading music while ignoring those of the execs at the top of the music industry , well , you 're asking for a public relations nightmare .
Now , with more than 35,000 lawsuits to its credit , the RIAA says it will finally end the legal assault against consumers that began back in 2003 .
The Recording Industry Association of America will instead , focus its anti-piracy efforts with ISPs .
Under the new plan , the RIAA will contact ISPs when illegal uploading is detected .
The ISP will then contact the customer with a notice that would ultimately be followed by a reduction or cessation of service .
As you 'd expect , the RIAA is not commenting on which ISPs they are in cahoots with .
The RIAA also says that it wo n't require ISPs to reveal the identities of individuals but could , of course , go after individuals who are heavy uploaders or repeat offenders .
For the moment though , it appears that single - mothers are in the clear .
Here is a collection ‘ Creative and Cool Bottle Openers ’ from around the world .
Ring Thing Bottle Opener : ring that 's a bottle - opener , costs $ 9.95 .
Sandals Bottle Opener : Sandals with a built in bottle opener , costs $ 45.95.USB
Drive And Bottle Opener :
It starts at 6.99 euros for the 1GB model and 49.99 euros for the 16GB one .
Bottle Opener Ball Cap : Bottle opener costs $ 30.00 .
Family Guy Talking Bottle Opener : Family guy talking bottle opener costs £ 8.95 .
Card Bottle Opener :
This one costs £ 6.95 .
Fork Bottle Opener :
It 's a bottle opener , and it 's fork and costs $ 7.99 .
Talking Bottle Opener : Each time you use it , this bottle opener gives you one of the three phrases , costs £ 8.95 Cap Bottle Opener :
This special edition costs £ 5.95 .
Key Bottle Opener :
With this one you 'll always have a bottle opener ready , costs $ 9.95 .
Universal Remote Control Bottle Opener :
This one costs € 10.00 .
Fridge Magnet Bottle Opener :
You can attach the stainless steel bottle opener to your fridge securely , costs £ 14.95 .
Rabbit Bottle Opener : Costs $ 25.00 .
Slipper Bottle Opener : Costs $ 12.99 .
Do n’t miss to check out “ Creative and Cool Bottle Openers – Part : 1 3 ” .
Home sales declined dramatically last month and housing prices posted their sharpest decline in four decades as a rapidly slowing economy discouraged many potential buyers from tip - toeing into the market .
Sales of existing homes declined 8.6 percent last month , to a seasonally adjusted rate of 4.49 million , according to the National Association of Realtors , a trade association .
The median price of a home fell 13 percent in November , to $ 181,300 from $ 208,000 a year ago .
That was the lowest price since February 2004 .
“ They ’re about as god-awful as they can get , ” said Robert Barbera , chief economist at ITG .
“ This is pretty breathtaking stuff . ”
The troubles plaguing the housing market , which is at the heart of America ’s financial crisis , are only multiplying as the broader economy deteriorates .
Even though mortgage rates dropped after the Federal Reserve slashed interest rates to record lows near zero percent , economists said that housing would continue to lag as unemployment increases and the spiral of slumping consumer spending and waning industrial growth continues .
The Meaning of Life
" It is hardly a secret that humanity is in a deep crisis .
Many of us already feel it .
Although our current problems may be prompting us to change , there is more to it than that .
When we build a correct attitude toward society , we are gradually admitted into a whole new level of existence , superior to anything we ’ve known before .
It is a higher form of existence , supernal , a sensation of Nature ’s wholeness and perfection . "
- Michael Laitman , " From Chaos to Harmony "
Roy Brown gets $ 2.6 Million
Syracuse , NY -- Roy Arthur Brown will receive $ 2.6 million in damages for being wrongly convicted and imprisoned in the 1991 murder of Cayuga County social worker Sabina Kulakowski , it was announced this morning .
The announcement came as a trial was about to begin in the State Court of Claims that would have determined compensation .
After serving 15 years in prison , Brown was later exonerated of the murder .
State Court of Claims Judge Nicholas V. Midey Jr. ruled recently that Brown was entitled to damages , and the trial set to begin today would have determined the amount he was due .
Brown now has to decide whether he will accept the money as a lump sum or on some structured payment process .
Midey wrote recently that Brown had shown " by clear and convincing evidence , that he did not commit any of the acts charged in the accusatory indictment . "
Brown was sentenced to serve 25 years to life in state prison after being convicted in 1992 of second - degree murder in Kulakowski 's death .
He served 15 years before the conviction was overturned and the murder indictment dismissed last year based on DNA evidence linking another man to the crime .
Barry Bench committed suicide in 2003 , but authorities verified it was his DNA on the T - shirt Kulakowski was wearing when she was killed .
Brown filed a lawsuit against the state in May 2007 seeking $ 5 million in damages for his wrongful imprisonment .
Midey noted in his decision that there are four elements required for a person pursuing such a lawsuit against the state :
The person has to have been convicted of a crime and served all or part of a sentence ; the conviction had been vacated and the indictment dismissed ; the person did not commit any of the acts charged in the indictment ; and the person did not cause his conviction by his own action .
Midey noted the first two elements were uncontested , but the state contended there were triable issues relating to the last two elements .
As for bringing about his own conviction , the state asked Midey to consider a confession Brown reportedly made to jailhouse informant Gordon Wiggins in July 1991 .
Wiggins testified to that confession at Brown 's trial although Brown has steadfastly denied making any such confession , Midey noted .
The judge concluded " this alleged , uncorroborated , and unreliable " jailhouse confession ' does not equate to an " uncoerced confession of guilt ' sufficient to deny Brown the right to recover damages .
" Not only has the claimant consistently denied making this confession or admission , but the court also notes that the District Attorney of Cayuga County placed little , if any , credence on this confession since he joined in the application to dismiss the indictment against claimant following the revelation of the DNA evidence previously described herein , " Midey wrote .
As for whether Brown proved he did not commit any of the acts charged in the indictment , the state asked Midey to consider a July 1993 affidavit from Donna Merithew .
She claimed she saw Brown in Auburn near the scene of the murder at the time of the crime .
Midey , however , noted that affidavit was made more than two years after the murder and about a year and a half after Brown was convicted .
Authorities did nothing to corroborate the information Merithew provided and that information was directly contradicted by trial testimony about Brown 's whereabouts at the time of the murder , the judge wrote .
At best , that affidavit only placed Brown several miles from the crime scene and did nothing to incriminate him or link him in any way to Bench , " who has been conclusively identified as the murderer , " Midey wrote .
The judge , therefore , concluded the state had not raised any facts that would require a trial to determine if it is liable for damages .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Award - winning filmmaker Eugene Jarecki ’s political documentaries — on topics like Henry Kissinger ’s alleged war crimes in Asia , or the American military industrial complex — are often depressing affairs .
His first book , The American Way of War : Guided Missiles , Misguided Men , and a Republic in Peril , is n’t much cheerier , but it does offer activists a blueprint for civic engagement in 2009 .
He spoke about America ’s political system recently with Mother Jones .
Mother Jones :
You suggest that the American political system makes it difficult for one politician to change our political climate , especially overnight .
Could you comment on this in terms of Barack Obama , since so many have high hopes for the president - elect ?
Eugene Jarecki : America tends to fall victim to an overzealous belief in the cult of personality .
For Americans , history seems to begin way back with Jesus , Mohammad , and Genghis Khan , and then sometime later there is Hitler and Martin Luther King , until we reach George W. Bush , Dick Cheney , and now Barack Obama .
That is a wrong - headed view of history .
Surely the big individuals in our collective history matter , but they are always a reflection of mass movements underneath them .
I think a lot of people see in Barack Obama a chance to feel young again , and that ’s great , but it ’s not great if you have an overzealous view of what he alone can do .
But I do n’t want to discourage anyone in any way about Barack Obama .
My book is more a blueprint for civic action .
MJ : You have put forth that today ’s economic crisis , where the government is bailing out several industries , is a direct result of the military industrial complex .
Can you explain that in more detail ?
EJ : This all goes back to Dwight Eisenhower .
He gave us the term “ military industrial complex ” out of his shared concern about military expansionism and economic profligacy .
Eisenhower believed that no nation could ever achieve perfect security , any more than we [ as individuals ] can .
We all know that we could walk out of the house tomorrow morning and get hit by a car ; that ’s just part of being alive .
Yet nations , particularly the United States , tell their people that it ’s possible to destroy evil in the world .
Eisenhower viewed this as illusory and dangerous .
A nation trying to achieve perfect security will never get there , but along the way it can bankrupt itself on several levels : militarily , economically , politically , and of course spiritually .
The picture I have in my mind is of a house :
That ’s America .
As America got richer and more powerful , it had all sorts of riches in the house that it increasingly worried about the world envying .
As we become more and more of an empire , of course , the barbarians are always at the gate .
We become that much more paranoid , like a paranoid tycoon who thinks everyone wants a piece of him .
So the richer the house got , the more fearful we got of it being under threat , as ironic as that might seem .
So what do you do ?
You get a gun .
Increasingly , you start pawning the articles in the house to get a bigger and bigger gun .
After a while , if you take that to its logical extreme , you will pawn the entire house to get the biggest gun , and you forsake all of the things that made the house valuable .
At the end of the day , you ’re standing in front of an empty house with a great big gun .
MJ : It ’s fascinating that Eisenhower was a critic of the military system .
He ’s seen as such a Republican “ man ’s man , ” for lack of a better phrase .
EJ : It ’s no wonder members of the Eisenhower family , namely John Eisenhower , his son , and Susan Eisenhower , his granddaughter , have felt compelled to leave the Republican Party in recent years .
That ’s not so much a statement on the GOP as it is on the American political system per se .
Eisenhower would be significantly to the left of today ’s Democrats .
MJ : In reading your book it appears as if Congress has n’t done that much better than the executive branch in trying to control the military industrial complex .
EJ : Congress ’ effect on the soundness of the American system has plummeted as the corporate system has risen .
In any given district , a congressperson ’s No. 1 job is to bring two things in : jobs to his district and money to his campaign coffers .
In order to do that he has to please his corporate benefactors in his district , and in order to do that he has to do their dirty work by lobbying the federal government .
For example , imagine you are a congressperson in a district that makes the F - 22 .
The F - 22 fighter is a plane that we have spent 70 billion dollars on .
It is an air - to - air combat aircraft , but we do n’t have an enemy with an air force .
It would stand to reason that that plane might come under review , particularly in a time of economic difficulty .
If you are the maker of the F - 22 you are not stupid :
You have already succeeded in making sure the plane is not made in just one congressional district or another , but rather in many districts and , as it turns out for the F - 22 , in 45 US states .
That ’s a process called political engineering .
It is the first step by which you make the members of congress your functionaries in the process of securing your own private interests .
Members of congress will fall in line when the time comes to vote on weapons systems because they are relying on the jobs they provide and the friendship with the company that brings them campaign money .
MJ : While we ’re on the subject of members of Congress , what ’s your reaction to President - elect Obama appointing Rahm Emanuel , a pro-Iraq War Democrat , as his chief of staff ?
EJ : Party does n’t matter at all ; the history of the military industrial complex and the history of how corporate power has come to take over Washington has no party stripe .
Republicans and Democrats share equally in that history .
Anyone who thinks that Republicans own the copyright on war or on corporate cronyism in America has n’t read a history book .
Who Obama chooses to put in his Cabinet is less interesting to me than whether the public weighs in on it .
What is happening right now is that the public voted for change , so it has a great deal of idealism invested .
It is imperative that the public look at these appointments and ask itself , “ So far , does this look like what I was expecting ? ” Instead , what is happening is that the public has gone lame duck .
We can not afford that .
Left to its own devices , Washington will absolutely devour Barack Obama .
MJ : You talk a lot about the role of the public in government , and I think the readers of Mother Jones would agree with you that it is vital .
What should the average citizen do during the Obama administration ?
EJ : Well , first of all , I am the public .
It just happens that I have the convenience factor of what I do for a living , which is implicitly political .
When I talk to fellow citizens , I am very aware that for other people it is harder to conceive what they can do to change the system .
We are all overworked ; we operate in a totally dysfunctional economy in which long hours and multiple jobs do not pay for the costs to live .
We find ourselves in a kind of a dysfunctional game where it does n’t add up .
It is incredibly taxing .
For someone like me who does political work for a living , to stand on a soapbox and say “ You need to be doing more ” is offensive .
To say to the public , “ You have to be a Jefferson !
You have to be a Madison !
This country is a work in progress , you are a vital part of it , and it will go to hell in a handbasket without your vigilance , ” is hard …
And yet it ’s true .
President Harry S. Truman entered 1952 with his popularity plummeting .
The Korean War was dragging into its third year , Senator Joseph McCarthy ’s anti-Communist crusade was stirring public fears of an encroaching " Red Menace , " and the disclosure of widespread corruption among federal employees rocked the administration .
After losing the New Hampshire primary to Tennessee Senator Estes Kefauver , who had chaired a nationally televised investigation of organized crime in 1951 , President Truman announced on March 29 , 1952 , that he would not seek re-election .
Truman threw his support behind Illinois Governor Adlai Stevenson , who repeatedly declined to run but was eventually drafted as the Democratic nominee on the strength of his eloquent keynote speech at the convention .
Stevenson proved to be no match for the Republican nominee , war hero Dwight D. Eisenhower , who played a key role in planning the Allied victory in World War II .
A poll in March 1952 found Eisenhower the most admired living American , and in November he won a landslide victory on the basis of his pledge to clean up " the mess in Washington " and end the Korean War .
Republican Dwight D. Eisenhower for president
Richard Nixon for vice president
" It ’s Time for a Change " In 1952 , there was no precedent in presidential elections for the use of television " spot " advertising — short commercials that generally run between twenty seconds and a minute .
Governor Thomas Dewey , declaring spots " undignified , " rejected their use in his 1948 presidential campaign .
In 1952 , most campaign strategists preferred thirty - minute blocks of television time for the broadcast of campaign speeches .
What distinguished Eisenhower ’s campaign from Stevenson ’s was that it relied more on spot ads than on speeches .
The campaign pioneered their use with a series of ads titled " Eisenhower Answers America . "
The idea for the spots came from Madison Avenue advertising executive Rosser Reeves , who had created the M&M " melts in your mouth , not in your hands " campaign .
Reeves convinced Eisenhower that spot ads placed immediately before or after such popular TV programs as I Love Lucy would reach more viewers , and at a much lower cost , than half - hour speeches .
In each of the simple , twenty - second spots , Eisenhower responded to a question from an " ordinary citizen . "
The questioners — tourists enlisted near Radio City Music Hall — were photographed looking up , as though gazing at a hero .
Eisenhower ’s folksy responses , which he read from large cue cards , were used to create forty commercials , all filmed in one day in a Manhattan studio .
The spots were designed to establish Eisenhower as a plainspeaking man in touch with the people .
They repeatedly focused on three issues cited by polls as the voters ’ main concerns : the Korean War , corruption in government , and the high cost of living .
Democrat Adlai Stevenson for president
John Sparkman for vice president
" You Never Had It So Good " Speaking about the role of television advertising in election campaigns , Adlai Stevenson said , " I think the American people will be shocked by such contempt for their intelligence .
This is n’t Ivory Soap versus Palmolive . "
Stevenson aide George Ball bitterly predicted that " presidential campaigns will eventually have professional actors as candidates . "
Stevenson based his television strategy on a series of eighteen half - hour speeches that aired on Tuesday and Thursday nights at 10:30 .
The goal was to take advantage of Stevenson ’s oratorical skills and build his national recognition by developing a regular audience for the broadcasts .
But the lateness of the time slot cut down on the number of potential viewers , and the actual audience consisted largely of people already predisposed to vote for Stevenson .
Stevenson ’s spot ads were little more than illustrated radio spots .
The crude visuals generally consisted of a single shot , such as the simple cartoon drawing that illustrates the Ike and Bob ad , which implied that an Eisenhower presidency would be under the control of conservative Republican Robert Taft .
Rather than defend the Truman administration , the ads attempted to distance Stevenson from it .
Several of them reminded voters of how bad things were during the Depression , presided over by the last Republican president , Herbert Hoover .
Stevenson never warmed up to the medium during the campaign .
He refused to appear in his own spots , and his speeches , which were aired live , frequently ran too long ; the broadcast would fade out while he was still talking .
In his election - eve special , when his son tells him , " I like watching television better than being on it , " Stevenson replies , " I guess that goes for all of us , does n’t it ? "
Hillary Clinton was going to be president .
She knew it .
So did her chief strategist , Mark Penn , the man who had once delivered victory for her husband Bill .
Barack Obama was " unelectable " , Penn declared early in her campaign , " except perhaps against Attila the Hun " .
How wrong can you be ?
As Hillary accepts the consolation prize of a place in Obama 's cabinet , the man widely believed to have blown her chances with a disastrous election strategy has come to London .
Penn is speaking at a conference for business leaders , sharing his theory about " microtrends " – relatively small groups of people who can have enormous influence on politics or business , such as the " soccer moms " targeted by Bill Clinton and Penn in 1996 to great effect .
But first he has agreed to face The IoS .
Let 's start with a tough question : low sofa or hard - backed chair ?
Anyone insecure would take the chair , trading comfort for the chance to look down on the interviewer .
Not him .
" I 'll take the sofa , " says Penn quickly , almost falling into its white leather then spreading himself wide .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
He is – and I have to be careful here , people in glass houses and all that – fat .
A little boy 's Just William haircut sits oddly on top of a big , shiny face .
His size is worth mentioning , because it seems the fleshy embodiment of the daring , the chutzpah , the enormous self - confidence that have seen him work as a pollster and strategist for names including Clinton and Blair and steered companies such as Microsoft through controversy .
" The Master of the Message " , as Time called him , is chief executive of Burson - Marsteller , a global PR company .
As such , I do n't think this 54 - year - old is used to being asked direct questions about himself .
So here goes .
Mr Penn , you blew it , did n't you ?
Were you so interested in microtrends that you completely missed the huge desire for change ?
" Well , no , " he says , taken aback .
" I think that , you know , I think ... the book is really a non-political book . "
Yes , but we 're not talking about the book .
We 're talking about the view in Washington that he threw it all away .
The accusations of arrogance and complacency .
He was the one who told Hillary to play tough , model herself on Margaret Thatcher and refuse to apologise for supporting the war in Iraq .
When others urged her to show a little more humanity , Penn reportedly said : " Being human is over - rated . "
This is a man whose friend once described him as having " the IQ of Bill Gates and the emotional intelligence of an eggplant " .
Now Penn says , in his surprisingly high - pitched voice : " Hillary ran on a theme of ready for change , ready to lead .
Change was always a central and important part of her message . "
That 's strange .
I could have sworn it was more like , " Do n't trust the new guy , vote for someone with experience " .
But anyway .
" Look , at the end of the day , they both got about 18 million votes .
It was the hardest - fought primary in the history of America .
And it turned out that some small groups switched and became critical players . "
Which is a pitch for his theory , obviously .
" At the end of the day , they are separated by only 85 delegates out of close to 4,000 . "
None of which answers the question .
Let 's try again , being more specific about one of his biggest mistakes .
People wanted a break with the past , Hillary could not provide that , and emphasising her experience only made it all the more obvious , surely ?
" The only thing I can tell you is that they [ the Obama people ] ran an excellent campaign , " he says .
" We regarded him as a strong challenger throughout the entire period .
There was no question that he had the personal abilities , the resources , all of the things necessary to win . "
Really ?
So why did Penn say in a memo of March 2007 that Obama was unelectable ?
" Huh . No .
It does n't say that at all . "
Yes it does , if the facsimile published by Atlantic Monthly magazine is correct .
The great communicator appears thrown .
" Those memos , right , that came out , were really ... er , were really , I think , show you , you know , just a piece , because ... a small part , a piece of how we were looking to , I think , set up or solve the fact that he was a very strong candidate . "
Right .
Now , you could say it is unfair to run every pause and splutter in a sentence like that , but it does give a sense of Mark Penn floundering .
There is sweat on his top lip .
The same memo shows how spectacularly he failed to see that Obama was in tune with the times : " All of these articles about his boyhood in Indonesia and his life in Hawaii are geared towards showing his background is diverse , multicultural and putting that in a new light .
Save it for 2050 . "
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Plenty of people were as dismissive , but none of them was supposed to be the world 's best political soothsayer .
Worse ,
Penn made an accusation that may haunt him , about Obama 's background .
" It also exposes a strong weakness for him – his roots to basic American values and culture are at best limited .
I cannot imagine America electing a president during a time of war who is not at his centre fundamentally American in his thinking and in his values . "
Not fundamentally American ?
That 's a very serious accusation to make in US politics .
Even Sarah Palin was n't that direct .
" Well , really , " says Penn awkwardly , " it really just says [ Hillary ] should emphasise her roots ...
I think that at the time he was touting a more internationalist outlook . "
Penn urged Hillary to " explicitly own ' American ' " in her campaign , in a way Palin and John McCain subsequently tried to do .
The former chief strategist insists his advice was n't bad , it just was n't followed far enough .
" We really did n't run an aggressive campaign until we ran the 3 am ad . "
That television advertisement in March showed children sleeping in their beds as the presidential emergency telephone rang at 3 am .
Who would viewers prefer to pick it up , the novice or the woman who knew about life in the White House ?
" It was very successful . "
It was also scary , nasty and a bit misleading ( Hillary had never faced a call like that ) .
Gloves off , it went against the national mood .
Some say that kind of misjudgment is what did for Hillary .
Penn says : " I think perhaps the key would have been being that aggressive early on .
But , you know ... that 's history . "
So are his dreams of influence in the White House , even if Hillary is now secretary of state - elect .
" I really could n't be more pleased about how this has worked out , " he insists .
But Penn is unlikely to be anywhere near her team .
He resigned from her campaign in April , after it emerged that he had simultaneously been advising the government of Colombia on its push for a trade deal opposed by Hillary .
She is said to have felt let down .
So now that Obama is about to be president , does he regret saying nasty things ?
" At the end of the day , having a few sentences or ramblings going back and forth in the heat of campaigns , I do n't think that 's to be mistaken for the genuine respect I had and have for him and that Hillary did . "
There 's more .
" It just may have been his time .
He was a phenomenon .
He is putting together a stellar cabinet .
We have big problems ; he 's putting together a big government . "
Can drawing strong opponents close , as Abraham Lincoln did , really work ?
" I think teams of rivals are tricky things , " Penn admits .
" Obviously , in this case I am really enthusiastic about it . "
Obviously .
" She went out working very hard for him in the election campaign .
I think that made a big impression . "
The Washington Post says Hillary still owes more than $ 5 m ( £ 3.4 m ) to a Penn company .
" There is a debt remaining and she has consistently said she is going to clear that up . "
Mark Penn is probably not desperate for the money .
His house in Georgetown , Washington , is worth about $ 5 m .
He lives there with his second wife , Nancy Jacobson Penn , a Democratic fundraiser , and their five - year - old daughter ( Penn also has three other children by his first wife ) .
Nor does he let things get him down – rejected by Harvard as a teenager , Penn took a train to Boston and asked to see the dean in person .
He got a place .
His indefatigable side could come from his father , who migrated from Lithuania to New York and ran a kosher poultry plant , or his mother , who was widowed early and worked all the hours she could to send her three boys to an exclusive school .
There Penn ran a paper and conducted his first poll , asking pupils about racism .
While at Columbia Law School he started a company with his friend Doug Schoen , and their research helped Ed Koch to get elected Mayor of New York in 1977 .
Penn built their first computer , from a kit .
He and Schoen refined political polling techniques , then made lots of money by applying them to the commercial market , allowing companies such as AT&T to target customers .
Penn worked for the maverick Ross Perot in 1992 but switched to Clinton four years later .
That was his greatest political triumph , unless you count helping the beleaguered Tony Blair to win a historic third term for Labour in 2005 .
Earlier this year there were reports of Penn being called for advice by Gordon Brown .
So , for the record , has he ever been consulted by the Prime Minister ?
" No . "
You may have noticed that Penn has so far failed to admit any blame whatsoever for Hillary Clinton 's defeat .
But when I ask again whether missing the big picture undermines his message on microtrends , he surprises me with an admission .
" Who can possibly escape a period of flak ?
None of my clients ever did .
So .
The truth is I take my share of the responsibility .
We did n't win . "
He just can't help spinning it , though .
" I 've won a lot of other campaigns and I hope to win a lot more in the future , but I take it on the chin for [ this one ] .
It happens to me , it happens to everybody . "
So now Penn flies around the world for Burson , helping companies that " run into snags " .
But the one place he is not likely to appear is in the Oval Office .
Not now .
" Huh .
Look , I 've worked for well over 20 heads of state , " says the man who once seemed so clearly destined to be at the side of the next President Clinton .
So what if he blew it ?
He 's big enough and ugly enough ( and rich enough ) to take it .
" You win some , you lose some . "
Penn portrait
1954 Born in New York to a Lithuanian immigrant father who runs a kosher poultry plant .
1964 His father dies .
Mother works all hours as a supply teacher to send him to exclusive Horace Mann School .
Goes on to Harvard .
1975 Starts a polling company while still at college .
1977 Penn and Doug Schoen help Ed Koch become Mayor of New York .
1996 Wins Bill Clinton a second term .
US Pollster of the Year .
1998 Adds Microsoft to his clients , who include both corporate giants and national leaders .
2000 Helps Hillary Clinton become Senator then build a presidential campaign .
Pollster of the Year again .
April 2008 Resigns from Hillary 's team after it emerges he has advised Colombia on how to win a trade deal that she opposes .
December 2008 Speaks at Leaders in London , a conference for CEOs , alongside chess champion Garry Kasparov and former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani .
The charity wants websites to direct children to help and advice
Three out of four children have seen images on the internet that disturbed them , an NSPCC poll suggests .
The charity is renewing its call for computer manufacturers and retailers to install security to stop children finding violent or sexual content .
The NSPCC , which polled visitors to its children 's website There4me.com , said it was " alarmed " by the accessibility of potentially disturbing material .
Some 377 of 497 votes cast claimed to have been disturbed by internet images .
One child posted a comment on a There4me message board saying : " I 've seen violent images I did n't search for .
I was freaked out . "
Children are just a few clicks away from innocently stumbling across upsetting or even dangerous pictures and films
Zoe Hilton
NSPCC policy adviser
Another said his eight - year - old sister 's search for " pictures of animals " generated pornography adverts .
The NSPCC wants social networking and video hosting sites to remove offensive material within hours of finding it .
Policy adviser Zoe Hilton said the NSPCC was " alarmed " by how easy it was for children to access " disturbing internet material " .
She said : " Children are just a few clicks away from innocently stumbling across upsetting or even dangerous pictures and films such as adult sex scenes , violent dog fights , people self - harming and children being assaulted . "
' More effort '
Ms Hilton said that every child should be using a computer with child protection software .
" High - security parental controls installed in their computers would help shield them .
" Currently computer manufacturers and retailers leave it to parents to find and install software that filters out material unsuitable for children .
This can be a complicated process for customers . "
The charity wants retailers to ensure the software is installed before selling computers , and also manufacturers to start building such controls into their products .
She added : " Social networking sites must also put more effort and resources into patrolling their sites for harmful and offensive material and ensure their public complaints systems are clearly marked , easy - to - use and child - friendly .
" We would also recommend they give information on their sites about sources of help and advice , such as Childline , for children who have been affected by what they have seen . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Google Japan ’s year - end announcement on Dec 22nd , 2008 shocked the industry , when they loudly proclaimed that their search market share had reached 41 % , which is only 3 points behind the 44 % of Japanese portal giant Yahoo !
Japan , using data from Nielsen / NetRatings ( report on @IT [ J ] ) .
The news raised some eyebrows because no such indications had been observed elsewhere , though Google seems to be incrementally increasing their share in recent years , and collaboration with the # 1 and # 2 cellphone carriers ( NTT Docomo and KDDI / au , respectively ) gives Google some power to strike back at Yahoo in the mobile search market ( N.B. NetRatings ’ statistics do not include mobile data ) .
Then , a month later , the same Nielsen / NetRatings ’ newsletter showed totally different , but rather familiar , numbers : Yahoo ! 52.5 % vs. Google 38.1 % . ( * 1 ) ( * 2 )
In the newsletter , they acknowledged this discrepancy , and explained how the two totally different results came from the same data source .
Yes , NetRatings .
According to the newsletter , the number which Google announced , might have been taken from the “ Channel Search / Search Category ” .
In these stats , all of the top page views on search sites like Google , Ask.jp and Baidu are counted as “ search ” activities .
However , for portal sites like Yahoo ! and MSN , top page views are excluded because their top pages are also used by non-search users .
But Google Japan , which is different from the U.S. Google , has some portal - like features including Gmail / YouTube links .
And of course , many people perform searches from Yahoo !
Japan ’s top page .
So this “ search ” / ” portal ” distinction makes little sense .
The newsletter alternatively suggested that search “ results ” page views be counted , which leads to percentages of 52.5 % vs. 38.1 % .
@IT ( Atmark IT ) , the original source of Google ’s big news , and a popular online IT news media website , admitted that they did not confirm Nielsen / NetRatings ’ figures and reported only what Google Japan had announced .
They also followed up with NetRatings ’ statement that “ Google ’s announcement had not been checked by NetRatings , which is normally required when their data is used for public release , and the numbers include some unfair interpretation . ”
( *1 ) The newsletter only shows the top 10 search engine players .
SEM
Bar blogger Kuroyagi totalled the top 10 ’s access data for all the search page views .
So if you include unknown small players ranked lower than 11th place , both Yahoo ’s and Google ’s share would be a bit lower than the real number , but it should not make a big difference .
( *2 ) ComScore , a competitor of Nielsen / NetRatings , showed similar numbers : Yahoo ! 51.2 % vs. Google 39.0 % in September 2008 [ J ]
See Also :
Real Search Share of Yahoo !
Japan and Google – SEM Bar [ J ]
Google ’s search share report was misleading – Insight for WebAnalytics [ J ]
Share this : Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Facebook
More
Google
Pinterest
Email
Klaatu barada nikto , indeed .
Seeking the ultimate red carpet , or perhaps a chance to get a good word in for humanity to whoever might be Out There watching , the makers of the new movie “ The Day the Earth Stood Still ” have arranged for it to be beamed into space on Friday , on the same day the movie opens here on planet Earth .
The movie , starring Keanu Reeves as the alien Klaatu , who comes to warn mankind to change its warlike ways or be destroyed , is of course a remake of the 1951 classic starring Michael Rennie .
No official translation of them exists , but the words “ Klaatu barada nikto ” were sufficient in the original movie to save the Earth , or at least postpone its day of judgment from Klaatu ’s robot enforcer Gort .
And they have been a touchstone of science fiction and alien sociology ever since .
So what better words to broadcast to the stars ?
The movie will be broadcast in real time , starting at noon on Friday , by Deep Space Communications Network , a Florida company that has beamed whale songs and the Craigslist Web site , among other things , into space in the three years of its existence .
According to its
Web site , the company will transmit a five - minute signal into space for anyone for $ 299 .
In this case , Jim Lewis , Deep Space ’s director , said the company had to satisfy 20th Century Fox , the film ’s producers , that the transmission could not be intercepted and pirated on Earth or in the air .
The movie will be beamed in the direction of Alpha Centauri , a triple star system about four light - years from here .
That means it will take four years for it to get to Alpha Centauri .
( There is plenty of time to get popcorn , whoever you are . )
The uncanny ice structure , in which a head complete with hair , a forehead , nose , mouth and beard appears to jut from a thick icicle , has bemused locals in the town of 40,000 residents which is experiencing typically freezing winter weather .
We are proud to announce the publication of Theft !
A History of Music , a graphic novel laying out a 2000 year long history of musical borrowing from Plato to rap .
The comic , by James Boyle , Jennifer Jenkins and the late Keith Aoki , is available as a handsome 8.5 x 11 ″ paperback , and for free download under a Creative Commons license .
This comic covers a neglected part of musical history .
Again and again there have been attempts to police music ; to restrict borrowing and cultural cross-fertilization .
But music builds on itself .
To those who think that mash - ups and sampling started with YouTube or the DJ ’s turntables , it might be shocking to find that musicians have been borrowing — extensively borrowing — from each other since music began .
Then why try to stop that process ?
The reasons varied .
Philosophy , religion , politics , race — again and again , race — and law .
And because music affects us so deeply , those struggles were passionate ones .
They still are .
The history in this book runs from Plato to Blurred Lines and beyond .
You will read about the Holy Roman Empire ’s attempts to standardize religious music with the first great musical technology ( notation ) and the inevitable backfire of that attempt .
You will read about troubadours and church composers , swapping tunes ( and remarkably profane lyrics ) , changing both religion and music in the process .
You will see diatribes against jazz for corrupting musical culture , against rock and roll for breaching the color - line .
You will learn about the lawsuits that , surprisingly , shaped rap .
You will read the story of some of music ’s iconoclasts — from Handel and Beethoven to Robert Johnson , Chuck Berry , Little Richard , Ray Charles , the British Invasion and Public Enemy .
To understand this history fully , one has to roam wider still — into musical technologies from notation to the sample deck , aesthetics , the incentive systems that got musicians paid , and law ’s 250 year struggle to assimilate music , without destroying it in the process .
Would jazz , soul or rock and roll be legal if they were reinvented today ?
We are not sure .
Which as you will read , is profoundly worrying because today , more than ever , we need the arts .
All of this makes up our story .
It is assuredly not the only history of music .
But it is definitely a part — a fascinating part — of that history .
We hope you like it .
License
We want this book to be widely available , whether or not you have the money to buy it .
This book is made available under a BY : NC : SA Creative Commons license .
You are free to download it , share it , and print it so long as you do so non-commercially and provide attribution .
You may also make “ derivative works ” from this comic — adaptations , translations or abridgements , provided you do so non-commercially , give attribution and place your new creation under the same license : granting future creators the same freedoms you received .
The support of the Ford & Rockefeller Foundations and of the Duke Law School is gratefully acknowledged .
About the Authors
This book was researched , written and graphically designed by James Boyle and Jennifer Jenkins .
The initial sketches were by the late Keith Aoki , who is remembered on the dedication page .
Though Keith ’s work profoundly shaped the comic , only two pages of Keith ’s actual drawings remain — pp. 233–234 .
Nevertheless , they show his genius .
Our wonderful artists , Ian Akin and Brian Garvey , are described below .
James Boyle is William Neal Reynolds Professor of Law at Duke Law School and the former Chairman of the Board of Creative Commons .
He has written for The New York Times , The Financial Times , Newsweek and many other newspapers and magazines .
His other books include The Public Domain : Enclosing the Commons of the Mind , Shamans , Software and Spleens : Law and the Construction of the Information Society , and Bound By Law a comic book about fair use , copyright and creativity ( with Jennifer Jenkins ) .
Jennifer Jenkins is a Clinical Professor of Law ( Teaching ) at Duke Law School and the Director of the Center for the Study of the Public Domain .
Apart from her legal qualifications , she is also a pianist who holds an MA in English Literature from Duke University , where she studied creative writing with the late Reynolds Price and Milton with Stanley Fish .
Her most recent book is Intellectual Property : Cases and Materials ( 3rd ed , 2016 ) ( with James Boyle ) .
Her recent articles include In Ambiguous Battle : The Promise ( and Pathos ) of Public Domain Day , and Last Sale ? Libraries ’ Rights in the Digital Age .
About the Artists
After the tragic death of Keith Aoki , we had to find new artists to redraw the book from scratch .
Those artists were Ian Akin and Brian Garvey .
Veteran comic book illustrators and inkers , Ian and Brian have done work for Marvel , DC , Disney and many others .
Their task was a daunting one : they had to come into a book designed and written by law professors and translate the vision of a beloved deceased artist into their own idiom .
All of this in a work that was part comic book , part academic monograph .
They were , quite simply , magnificent .
You can see , in the pages that follow , what consummate professionals they are .
They are also lovely folk to work with and we recommend them wholeheartedly .
https://www.akinandgarvey.com/
Lettering , Coloring , Digital Publishing
Our colleague Balfour Smith handled every stage of this book , from initial conception and the digital manipulation of all of the image files , through lettering and final preparation for printing .
Without him it simply would not exist .
Press and Other Inquiries
For press and other inquiries about the book , please email boyle AT law.duke.edu
Best vacation photo .
EVER .
Smile for the Camera !
Smile dammit .
Say : “ Watch that bike rider smash into a pole while I obliviously take my photo . ”
In Hamdi v. Rumsfeld , five justices of the Supreme Court said in 2004 that Congress had granted the president power to detain at least those enemy combatants captured on the battlefield in Afghanistan , even if they were American citizens , for the duration of hostilities there .
But the detainee in that case , Yaser Hamdi , was freed and sent to Saudi Arabia not long after the court ’s decision , which also allowed him to challenge his detention .
Based on the Hamdi decision , the Fourth Circuit in 2005 upheld the detention of Jose Padilla , an American arrested at a Chicago airport .
Although Mr. Padilla was said to have ties to Al Qaeda , the Fourth Circuit decision largely turned on his activities on the battlefield in Afghanistan .
Just before the Supreme Court was to decide whether to hear his case for a second time , Mr. Padilla was transferred to the criminal justice system .
He was convicted last year on charges related to terrorism .
The Supreme Court ’s decision in Mr. Marri ’s case may be quite limited , given his unique status , or quite broad .
The divided three - judge Fourth Circuit panel that ruled in June 2007 for Mr. Marri , in a decision later vacated by the full court , based its ruling on a proposition that could be applied broadly should the Supreme Court adopt it .
Judge Diana Gribbon
Motz wrote for the majority that Mr. Marri was a civilian and may not be detained by the military .
Because Mr. Marri was not alleged to have fought with the Taliban or the armed forces of any enemy nation or to have engaged in combat with United States forces , Judge Motz reasoned , President Bush was powerless to have the military detain him , just as he could not have ordered the military detentions of “ the Unabomber or the perpetrators of the Oklahoma City bombing . ”
In a recent brief , the government provided the justices with a sworn 2004 statement from Jeffrey N. Rapp , the military intelligence official .
The statement , declassified in 2006 , said Mr. Marri had met with Osama bin Laden and Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , the chief 9/11 plotter , in the summer of 2001 .
“ Al - Marri offered to be an Al Qaeda martyr or to do anything else that Al Qaeda requested , ” Mr. Rapp said .
The Qaeda leaders told Mr. Marri , the statement said , to leave for the United States and to make sure he got there before Sept. 11 .
The government ’s brief said Congress must have intended to allow the detention of people like Mr. Marri and called a contrary interpretation absurd .
Such a reading , the brief said , “ relies on the assumption that when Congress authorized the use of military force to respond to the Sept. 11 attacks , it did not intend to reach individuals virtually identically situated to the Sept. 11 hijackers . ”
Version 1.0.0 of Haskell " port " of Google Protocol - Buffers
Hello one and all , Amid much editing , my Haskell version of protocol - buffer is now released at version 1.0.0 .
This version supports the feaures of Google 's version 2.0.2 including the new extensible options .
What is this for ?
What does it do ?
Why ?
It generates Haskell data types that can be converted back and forth to lazy ByteStrings that interoperate with Google 's generated code in C++/ Java / python .
The data types are defined in a " . proto " text file which is translated into the target language .
My code is a pure Haskell re-implementation of the Google code at http://code.Google.com/apis/protocolbuffers/docs/overview.html which is " ... a language - neutral , platform - neutral , extensible way of serializing structured data for use in communications protocols , data storage , and more . "
Google 's project produces C++ , Java , and Python code .
This one produces Haskell code .
Where is the code ?
http://hackage.haskell.org/cgi-bin/hackage-scripts/package/protocol-buffers
http://hackage.haskell.org/cgi-bin/hackage-scripts/package/protocol-buffers-descriptor
http://hackage.haskell.org/cgi-bin/hackage-scripts/package/hprotoc-1.0.0
And it needs to be build and installed in the above order .
The first is the support library ( Text. ProtocolBuffers ) .
The second is the self - describing descriptor library ( Text.DescriptorProtos [ .
Options ] ) .
The third is the ' hprotoc ' executable which translates the " .proto " files into Haskell code .
This works similarly to the " protoc " program from the original Google project .
Cheers , Chris
The Future of the Hmong People
Photos : Paid for by and Copyrighted to the PRI
It took a few moments for my eyes to adapt to the light .
There was a single , clear incandescent bulb hanging just millimetres above my head – hanging from somewhere high in the blackness of the ceiling , from a cable so weathered it looked more like a vine than an electrical cord .
But it was n’t turned on .
After all , it was daytime .
Below my muddied boots was the hard , earth floor ; cool to the touch , with just a hint of dampness .
The lady of the house swept dirt outside , which , while necessary , almost seemed nonsensical , since the floor was dirt .
The walls were thick , and windowless – also made with packed earth .
And unlike most other minority tribes in Vietnam , who normally build their houses on poles , this one was built directly onto the ground .
This home was about as ‘ earthy ’ as they get .
Strong and straightish tree - poles , harvested from the surrounding cloud forest , supported the second level – a place where food is stored out of reach ( one would hope , at least ) of rodents and other creatures .
A large provision of corn was stacked neatly and drying under the hefty rafters , and on the other side I could make out a very large and full basket of rice – all accessible via a sturdy bamboo ladder .
Aside from a tiny colour television in one even darker corner , and the picture - peppered newspaper and magazine pages that serve as a form of decorative wallpaper on one wall , there was very little of modernity to observe here .
The matriarch of this home , who I call Mrs. Sua , had a kind and friendly face , and expressive eyes , yet I knew talking to her was not going to be easy .
The communication challenge was not only due to her culture and her life ’s experiences being so vastly different than my own ( I mean , do I even have a culture ? ) , but the language barrier , in addition , was unusually robust .
Vang Thi Sua , seated in front of her residence ,
Can Chu Su Village , Can Can Commune , Si Ma Cai , northern Vietnam
The village I was visiting was in the north of Si Ma Cai province , high in the beautiful , irregular mountains that litter the border regions – just a few kilometres from the southern Chinese border .
Despite the location , the Hmong language is distinct from both Vietnamese and Chinese .
However , thanks to SPERI ( Social Policy Ecology Research Institute , the Vietnamese NGO I have been working with , a sister organisation to PRI ) , I came well armed – wielding two translators this time !
One was Hmong himself – a ‘ White ’ Hmong from the far northeast – and able to translate to Vietnamese .
The other was a Vietnamese who could translate to English .
At her invitation , we sat down outside Vang Thi Sua ’s doorway – sitting / crouching on the low wooden seats that are typical all over Asia – and I wondered where to begin .
Indeed , I was secretly fearful of playing a frustrating game of Chinese Whispers .
A Flower Hmong woman
in the town of Ba Cha , Si Ma Cai
I wanted to speak to Mrs. Sua , specifically , as , having begun in 2006 with only three other women , she now headed a twenty - strong grass - roots handicraft group in her village .
Started , or should I say ‘ restarted ’ , with the encouragement and support of SPERI , the group ’s endeavours centre in making clothing .
This is no sweatshop type industry , mind , but rather an effort to pick at the threads of such factories , and unravel them , by weaving a wholly sustainable and more functional and attractive replacement social fabric .
Mrs. Sua ’s group make clothing completely from scratch – and I do mean completely .
They grow hemp from seed , harvest it and process the hemp fibre into thread .
They colour the thread with a rainbow of dyes they source in the seeds , leaves , roots , bark and wood of the trees and other plants around them , and they then weave the thread into cloth which is in turn used to produce the beautiful , colourful clothing for which the Hmong people are most famous .
Hmong women sell vegetables at a small roadside market in the Si Ma Cai Village
These skills have been utilised and honed by the Hmong people for centuries , and longer , yet 17 years ago this village , like others in the area , did what too many cultures have done over the last century – they suddenly discarded their immensely valuable and hard earned indigenous knowledge , trading it for factory produced goods made by cheap labour outside of their own locality .
With this action these Hmong had stepped onto the path to vulnerability , that can ultimately lead to full integration into , and dependence on , the globalised market economy – and , in tandem , began that subtle , subversive detachment process where people begin to lose touch with the carrying capacity of the land , and how their purchasing decisions impact it .
Where they had been dependent on no one for their clothing needs , they now needed money to purchase them .
Self - sufficiency thus gave way to the need to provide goods and / or services that could be exchanged for cash .
Historical Background of the Hmong Ancient Hmong history is somewhat confusing , and uncertain – although historians have pegged their existence as a distinct race at several thousand years .
Some point to their having ancient origins in distant places like Siberia , Mongolia , and even Mesopotamia upwards of 5,000 years ago , and modern studies have determined that the Hmong moved into China well before the Chinese – as early as 4,500 years ago .
Even today the vast majority of Hmong live in southern China .
At different times through the centuries , as the Chinese population grew , Hmong were either forced to assimilate , or relocate .
There were wars and persecutions , and Hmong settlements moved further and further south – eventually spilling over into Vietnam , Laos and Thailand .
Hmong society traditionally ran without an obvious political hierarchy .
A household usually contained three generations , and each village normally contained around twenty households .
Each village was self - contained ( self - sufficient ) , through the interactions , cooperation and skill sharing of those households .
Order was preserved , it seems , through their strong dedication to family and their deep respect for their elders – and nothing binds a community together more than the realisation of their mutual need for one another .
It is clear that the Hmong did not wish to surrender their free life to Chinese rule , and this ambition caused them not a little grief .
The word ‘ Hmong ’ itself was originally translated as ‘ man ’ or ‘ people ’ , but came to be understood as “ free people ” – due to their determination to remain so .
Throughout history , if the Hmong people found any kind of peace , it never lasted long .
They have been forced to emigrate from northeastern China into the country ’s southwestern corner .
During the Qing Dynasty , several major wars further pushed hundreds of thousands of Hmong into Southeast Asian countries of Vietnam , Laos , Burma and Thailand .
The first major war during the Qing Dynasty erupted in 1735 in southeastern Guizhou province as a result of Chinese southward expansion and forced assimilation .
Eight counties and 1,224 villages were said to be involved in this war .
When the Hmong were suppressed in 1738 , Professor Wu said 17,670 Hmong had been killed in combat , 11,130 were captured and executed and another 13,600 were forced into slavery .
Half of the Hmong population were affected by the war .
The second war ( 1795 - 1806 ) was started in three provinces – southeast of Sichuan , east of Guizhou and west of Hunan .
The Hmong were led by Ba-yue Wu , Liu-deng Shi , San-bao Shi and Tian - ban Shi .
As in the past , this war was launched to resist the Chinese and the Qing government from taking over their land .
The popular slogan at the time was , “ Get back our fields .
Drive the Han people and he Manchus out off our fields . ”
The last war was the biggest and longest of the three .
As a result of the Taiping Rebellion , the Qing government demanded more taxes and labor from the Hmong .
The Hmong , led by Xiu-mei Zhang and other leaders , revolted in southeastern Guizhou in 1854 and fought until 1873 .
In excess of one million people were involved in this war , which spread to cover hundreds of cities and counties .
According to Professor
Wu , only 30 percent of the Hmong survived the war .
Seventy percent of them were either killed or ran away .
– Hmongnet.org
Under such pressures , the Hmong have done remarkably well to keep their culture and way of life intact .
But where violent Chinese oppressors could n’t convince the Hmong to give up their free and independent life , and submit to imperial rule , the modern day Hmong are willingly surrendering to Chinese economic rule instead .
The warfare may be less bloody , and more discrete , but the results are essentially the same .
Note :
An understanding of Hmong history is not complete without knowing of the Laos ’ Hmong alignment with the U.S. against communism during the American ( Vietnam ) war , and the consequences that it brought them then , and since .
You can read about this topic here , here , and here amongst many other places .
Reclaiming a Discarded Inheritance
It does n’t take long for key skills to be forgotten , and a decade and a half had almost completely done the job .
In 2006 SPERI took Mrs. Sua and three friends on a tour to Sa Pa , a tourist hot - spot about 70 kms to the southwest , where handmade Hmong clothing are sold as souvenirs .
This gave the women an idea of the real value of their work .
They were also taken to visit ‘ fair trade ’ stores in the capital , Hanoi – where they learned just how unfair these stores really can be ( they were shocked at the difference between what the villagers were paid for the product , and the retail price they were sold for ) .
The four subsequently returned to their village encouraged to again take up the craft of their ancestors .
They began by pooling skills from their collective memories , and visiting Hmong people in other regions to fill in the remaining gaps – painstakingly gathering and collating the knowledge that had been tossed aside almost two decades earlier .
Even the foundational aspect of planting the right variety of hemp was somewhat of a mission – as years of neglect had seen the plants die off , and they had no seeds to sow a new crop .
New seeds , and the knowledge of how to grow and process the plant , all had to be sourced at great expense from elsewhere .
Two other members of the handicraft group twist individual hemp threads
together , to make longer threads that can then be woven into cloth
Only being able to afford 15kg of seed for the first year , they determined to concentrate on seed saving for the initial harvest .
Despite this , they still managed to produce 8 - 9 metres of cloth for each women ( enough for two dresses each ) .
Finally , they were once again fully able to provide for the clothing needs of their families .
It was n’t long before word spread and the team grew to the 20 - strong group it is today , only two years later .
Mrs. Sua expressed great pride that they were once more practicing the traditions of their ancestors .
Aside from the aspect of independence and greater control over their own destinies , according to Hmong beliefs keeping the spirits of their ancestors happy is an important issue as well .
Tradition states that Hmong dead should always be wrapped in hemp cloth .
The Hmong wear their hemp cloth not only in life , but also in death .
When an elderly Hmong woman dies , her corpse must be dressed in a hemp jacket , hemp skirt and hemp leggings .
The Hmong man must wear a long hemp robe .
Both wear hemp shoes .
The Hmong believe that when the dead person wears hemp shoes , they can “ ford the caterpillar river and cross the green worm mountain safely , to reach their ancestor ’s resting place ” .
– Hmongnet.org
By fulfilling these rituals the living avoid illness and other misfortunes that could otherwise be visited upon their households .
There is still one more skill that needs to be relearned , though , but this time it ’s the men that need to lend a hand .
( Men traditionally do the more physical work like ploughing , building and repairing houses , cutting wood , etc . )
The weaving is done on a wooden weaving frame – and the looms they use today are more than thirty years old .
Due to the previous lack of interest , the men must now relearn how to make the frames before the few working units in the village fall into disrepair .
Ly Thi Cha , one of the lead members of the handicraft group , stands next to her 30 +
year old loom .
The corn drying at her feet is used to create alcohol , as opposed
to the corn neatly stacked below ( at left ) , which is used for eating
Above all , the Can Chu Su Village weaving group are now relieved they can pass their relearned skills on to their children .
What of the Future ?
Of course , all these efforts can come to nothing in the long term if Hmong youth are chasing another dream .
As we spoke to the adults , the children were conspicuous by their absence – they were all at school .
In previous generations , Hmong children did n’t go to school .
Their classroom was at the feet and on the backs of their parents , where they learned about life and grew in practical skills alongside their family from the day they were born .
Having them now in class alters the family and village economy considerably – with parents having less time to accomplish the same tasks , and greater expenses to cover .
This economic shift is not insignificant , when you consider that the average Hmong family has six or seven children .
Hmong parents work , their daughter assists , and the infant son looks on
Understandably , Hmong parents feel it a duty to send their children to receive an education .
Worldwide , an ‘ education ’ is perceived to offer better opportunities and an improved way of life .
For me , though , I must always question the type and even the definition of ‘ education ’ .
Should not the central purpose of an education be to enable the community the youth belong to to better meet the challenges they face right where they are – to better enable them to live productive lives within their own specific situation and environment , and to do so in a way that does n’t prevent neighbouring people , and future generations , from being able to do likewise ?
I asked Mrs. Sua and her friends if they knew what their children were being taught .
Their response was emphatic – they did n’t have a clue .
They cannot understand or read Vietnamese , so are unable to read the books their children bring home .
The schools in the region are run by the Kinh Vietnamese majority .
In recent years the Vietnamese government has begun trying to place an elementary school in every Hmong village .
– UCLA International Institute
I cannot speak for these Vietnamese schools , as I do n’t have a copy of their curriculum in my hands , but I do know of such schools in other cultures , where the ‘ education ’ is based on , if not wholly identical to , the standard instruction taught to majority students – which is today generally aimed at feeding the modern economic machine with a new generation of workers .
The single party socialist government has not kept the nation from joining the globalised market – indeed , the nation , like China , subscribes to a quasi- communist / free - market capitalist political combo that is bringing rapid change to the region .
Vietnam has one of the fastest growing economies in the world .
With the modern economic machine now faltering , and the environment upon which it is intimately linked now standing on its last legs – are these Hmong youth being educated into unemployment and irrelevance ?
It is true that capitalism can find these people work .
For example , in other regions , like Sa Pa and Lao Cai , where tourism is doing its own work at dismantling communities with the short - term aim of generating profits , parents are often keeping their children out of school so they can shine shoes and sell cheap wares to tourists instead ( after all , as any astute Vietnamese parent / capitalist will have observed – cute children make the best salesmen… ) .
Hmong children attend an elementary school in their village
Getting the youth of the Hmong , and other indigenous minority groups ( and , indeed , the Vietnamese majority itself ) , to see the big picture – to understand what is coming in the world – and to give them a renewed , deep - seated appreciation for the wisdom and ways of their elders , may be almost as hard to accomplish here as it is to do the same for little Thomas and Stacy in the west , even though the latter have been detached from the land for at least two or three generations .
You ca n’t blame the youth for wanting a better standard of living – but it does n’t
need to come at the cost of the health of themselves , their communities
and their environment
This is where Permaculture has such a potential to make a difference .
Part of what Permaculture is about is getting the greatest productivity from the least land and labour .
Traditional knowledge can be supplemented with proven , applied designs that can improve lifestyles whilst also building soil and natural habitats .
Giving youth a vision in this regard , as well as educating them about the follies and pitfalls of a westward highway , could see lives being improved whilst maintaining culture and ecology .
On that note , SPERI has a Farmers ’ Field School close by , with Hmong and other minority students in attendance .
But , that is a post for another day .
Navigating our way back to our motorcycles through the mud and buffalo dung , my mind wandered , full of thoughts about the past and possible futures of both the Hmong people , and my own western civilisation .
I thought of the work involved in backtracking a mere 17 years to regain lost knowledge , and considered the many civilisations worldwide that are surrendering their own skills - store far too readily as well .
For myself , several generations removed from any kind of ancestral sustainability , I could only feel great respect and admiration for these patient , kind - hearted people , and a deep loss for the skills my own race has passed up over the generations .
As I walked , an old woman sang as she worked , the bell around the neck of a cow tinkled gently as it chewed , little children laughed and hid shyly , and I ventured a hope that we might learn more from them , than they will from us .
Mrs. Sua ( below left ) and her husband ( above right ) share a meal with us
The surrounding region – click for full view , and then scroll sideways …
Two giant woks are used for cooking grains
The cloth above the door ( Da ntaub lia ) is present above
the threshold of every Hmong household .
It protects the
occupants against bad spirits and misfortune
Further Reading :
Mobile phones , Wi-Fi systems , electric power lines and similar sources of " electrosmog " are disrupting nature on a massive scale , causing birds and bees to lose their bearings , fail to reproduce and die , a conference will be told this week .
Dr Ulrich Warnke – who has been researching the effects of man-made electrical fields on wildlife for more than 30 years – will tell the conference , organised by the Radiation Research Trust at the Royal Society in London , that " an unprecedented dense mesh of artificial magnetic , electrical and electromagnetic fields " has been generated , overwhelming the " natural system of information " on which the species rely .
He believes this could be responsible for the disappearance of bees in Europe and the US in what is known as colony collapse disorder , for the decline of the house sparrow , whose numbers have fallen by half in Britain over the past 30 years , and that it could also interfere with bird migration .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Dr Warnke , a lecturer at the University of Saarland , in Germany , adds that the world 's natural electrical and magnetic fields have had a " decisive hand in the evolution of species " .
Over millions of years they learned to use them to work out where they were , the time of day , and the approach of bad weather .
Now , he says , " man -made technology has created transmitters which have fundamentally changed the natural electromagnetic energies and forces on the earth 's surface .
Animals that depend on natural electrical , magnetic and electromagnetic fields for their orientation and navigation are confused by the much stronger and constantly changing artificial fields . "
His research has shown that bees exposed to the kinds of electrical fields generated by power lines killed each other and their young , while ones exposed to signals in the same range as mobile phones lost much of their homing ability .
Studies at the University of Koblenz - Landau , reported in The Independent on Sunday last year , have found bees failed to return to their hives when digital cordless phones were placed in them , while an Austrian survey noted that two - thirds of beekeepers with mobile phone masts within 300 metres had suffered unexplained colony collapse .
Dr Warnke also cites Spanish and Belgian studies showing that the number of sparrows near mobile phone masts fell as radiation increased .
And he says that migrating birds , flying in formation , had been seen to split up when approaching the masts .
But the Mobile Operators Association , representing the UK's five mobile phone companies , says a US research group has found collapsing bee colonies in areas with no mobile phone service , and Denis Summers - Smith , a leading expert on sparrows , has described the link as " nonsense " .
Varsha Patel , 45 , hurled the steaming cuppa into the face of one of the men then threw the empty mug at the other ’s head .
Mrs Patel , who is just 5 ft , was about to grab a bottle of whisky to throw at them too – but the pair fled with just a scratch - card dispenser between them .
Yesterday she told how she frightened off the balaclava - wearing burglars at the Kensworth Village Store in Beds , which
she runs with her husband Yogesh .
She said : “ I was scared afterwards but at the time I just reacted on instinct .
“ You do n’t know how you will react in these situations until they happen but I have never been one to sit back and let people bully me .
Philly Hybrid X has designed , built , and competed with alternative fuel vehicles since 1998 .
Hybrid X is now a program at the Workshop School , a Philadelphia public high school in West Philadelphia .
Students continue to demonstrate their creativity and innovation as they challenge the limits of vehicle energy efficiency .
Plixer Scrutinizer Plixer Scrutinizer , Plixer ’s network traffic analysis system , collects , analyzes , visualizes , and reports on data from every network conversation and digital transaction to deliver security and network intelligence .
It provides the insight and historical data needed to manage and optimize business operations while reducing risk by detecting and remediating incidents .
Learn More
Evaluate
Plixer Security Intelligence Plixer Security Intelligence consumes and analyzes streamed metadata from Plixer Scrutinizer , dynamically combing massive volumes of machine - generated data and automating the detection and remediation of advanced persistent threats .
It embeds the very latest in ML / AI technology and applies a crisp use - case - driven implementation that delivers real , trustworthy results in milliseconds .
Learn More
Evaluate
Plixer Network Intelligence
Through the addition of Plixer Network Intelligence , powered by advanced machine learning ( ML ) , network teams can precisely predict future network capacity requirements .
In addition , network operation functions get automated , investigative workflows are improved , network traffic data is exported to external data lakes , and workflows seamlessly integrate with ServiceNow .
Learn More
Evaluate
Plixer FlowPro Plixer FlowPro probes support application performance management as well as defender capabilities for monitoring DNS traffic .
From a single probe , network operations can efficiently manage and optimize the network , while security operations are able to simultaneously lower risk , gain data context , and respond quickly to security incidents .
Learn More
Evaluate
Plixer Replicator Plixer Replicator aggregates , replicates , and distributes flow and log metadata exported from the existing network across multiple monitoring tools like SIEM , syslog , and flow collectors .
This improves the value of the data while dramatically simplifying adds , moves , and changes and protecting the CPU of exporting switches , routers , firewalls , etc. Learn More
Evaluate
Plixer Beacon Plixer Beacon provides deep visibility and tight control over network endpoints ( PCs , mobile devices , VMs , IoT endpoints , etc. ) , helping you efficiently track assets , strengthen security and compliance , and mitigate risk .
With Plixer Beacon , you gain real - time insights into device identity , location , and behavioral data .
Learn More
Evaluate
“ Write ‘ love ’ on your forearm , ” my student ’s message said .
It seemed an odd request , but it came from someone I admired and respected , and so I read on .
To write “ love ” on my forearm , it turned out , would make me part of a national movement of forearm - love - writers .
The following day was actually the second annual international “ To Write Love on Her Arms ” Day ( TWLOHA ) , an effort to raise awareness about suicide prevention and offer support to survivors of suicide .
My student ’s message directed me to a website that told the story of a nineteen - year - old coke addict , depressed and distraught over the downward spiral of her life , who tried to commit suicide .
With a razor , she carved “ fuck up ” into her left forearm .
Fortunately , she got help , and the people who helped her resolved to show her that life was worth living .
She should have a different message on her arms , they told her .
She should have “ love ” on her arms .
I knew , without reading the full story , that I would write “ love ” on my own left forearm .
I wanted to show my solidarity with the nineteen million Americans who struggle each day with depression .
And I wanted to show solidarity with my student .
Over the summer , this inspiring , talented young woman had tried to take her own life by swallowing a bottle of pills .
I knew she had been wrestling with obsessive - compulsive disorder .
“ The record player that my brain had become incessantly played my fears , making it unbearable to be around those I loved , to read , to eat , to breathe , ” she later told me .
“ I wanted to stop thinking , and I did n’t care what I ’d have to do to get there . ”
Moments after she downed the pills , the finality of what she ’d done set in , shocking her into action .
She did not want the finality to be final , so she drove herself to the emergency room , arriving just as the pills began to take hold .
They saved her life .
She saved her life .
I found out about the episode a few weeks later when she wrote to tell me about it , after she ’d begun her recovery .
I was terrified for her and glad she was okay — or , if not okay , at least getting better .
Her story brought to mind my friend Pete Welch , a fraternity brother , whose story did n’t end so well .
It was the early summer of 2000 .
Pete had driven up to Bradford from his hometown of Butler , Pennsylvania , to get a haircut , and then he vanished .
Pete had always been an easy - going fellow with a relaxed smile .
He always wore shorts or , if the weather got too extreme , he ’d put on a pair of wind pants .
We ragged on him constantly about the way his pants swished when he walked .
Pete also smoked a lot of weed — which no doubt contributed to his easy - going nature and relaxed smile and his bloodshot eyes and droopy eyelids .
We ragged him about that , too .
Driving to Bradford for a haircut seemed like typical Pete .
As a student at Pitt - Bradford , he ’d found a barber in town he liked , and that was that , school year or no .
I found out later from a mortician friend that suicide victims sometimes get haircuts or take care of other grooming needs so that their loved ones wo n’t have to take care of those things afterwards .
It ’s one small , final act of consideration before carrying out one of the most inconsiderate and inconsolable acts possible .
Just before
Pete went for his haircut , he sent an unexpected e-mail to another of our fraternity brothers .
In the note , Pete admitted he was gay , then went on to add : “ I wish I could make it stop because I feel like I make God angry all the time .
I do n’t know what to do . ”
Only after word of Pete ’s disappearance reached me did I realize how worrisome his e-mail sounded .
By then it was too late .
State police searched for Pete for a month before someone finally stumbled across his small pickup on a seldom - used oil lease road somewhere south of the Allegheny National Forest .
Pete had run a hose from his tailpipe into the cab of his truck .
Long after the fumes had done their work , long after the truck had idled itself out of gas , Pete ’s body sat there , undisturbed , for a month .
The hot summer sun — which was hot , indeed , that summer — mummified his remains .
Pete ’s mother held a closed - casket service .
The preacher spewed hell and brimstone and reminded everyone that gays go to hell .
I ’m not sure how that was intended to comfort Pete ’s mom .
After the service , Pete ’s mother gave me a photo that I still keep on my desk .
In the picture , Pete sits atop a beautiful Arabian horse with the Great Pyramids rising out of the Egyptian desert behind him .
That trip , he had once told me , was the happiest he ’d ever been in his life .
I catch myself staring at the photo sometimes , wondering , wondering … .
I could have been there for Pete had I known he needed someone , but I did n’t know .
None of us did .
I ’ve since found out that it ’s hard for people suffering from depression to reach out and ask for the help they need .
I also found out , to my horror , that suicide is the third - leading cause of death for people ages 18 - 24 — people Pete ’s age , people my student ’s age .
But there is hope .
There is the realization , as another of my students wrote , that “ [t ] he darkest night has stars somewhere above the clouds . ”
That second student — a brilliant writer who ’d been my advisee for three - and - a - half years — has also encouraged her friends to write “ love ” on their arms .
Several years previously , she revealed , she ’d had a suicide - related experience of her own , but the timely intervention of her parents got her the help she needed before things went too far .
“ We ’re all worth more than a flash of desperation , ” she wrote .
“ Choose life .
Choose hope .
Write ‘ love . ’
“ Live on , my friends . ”
Indeed .
Please .
Live on .
The mystery DNA spippets are about 300 times less likely than other regions of the genome to be lost during the course of mammalian evolution .
One of life 's greatest mysteries is how it began .
Scientists have pinned it down to roughly this :
Some chemical reactions occurred about 4 billion years ago — perhaps in a primordial tidal soup or maybe with help of volcanoes or possibly at the bottom of the sea or between the mica sheets — to create biology .
Now scientists have created something in the lab that is tantalizingly close to what might have happened .
It 's not life , they stress , but it certainly gives the science community a whole new data set to chew on .
The researchers , at the Scripps Research Institute , created molecules that self - replicate and even evolve and compete to win or lose .
If that sounds exactly like life , read on to learn the controversial and thin distinction .
Know your RNA
To understand the remarkable breakthrough , detailed Jan. 8 in the early online edition of the journal Science , you have to know a little about molecules called RNA and DNA .
DNA is the software of life , the molecules that pack all the genetic information of a cell .
DNA and the genes within it are where mutations occur , enabling changes that create new species .
RNA is the close cousin to DNA .
More accurately , RNA is thought to be a primitive ancestor of DNA .
RNA can't run a life form on its own , but 4 billion years ago it might have been on the verge of creating life , just needing some chemical fix to make the leap .
In today 's world , RNA is dependent on DNA for performing its roles , which include coding for proteins .
If RNA is in fact the ancestor to DNA , then scientists have figured they could get RNA to replicate itself in a lab without the help of any proteins or other cellular machinery .
Easy to say , hard to do .
But that 's exactly what the Scripps researchers did .
Then things went surprisingly further .
' Immortalized '
Specifically , the researchers synthesized RNA enzymes that can replicate themselves without the help of any proteins or other cellular components , and the process proceeds indefinitely .
" Immortalized " RNA , they call it , at least within the limited conditions of a laboratory .
More significantly , the scientists then mixed different RNA enzymes that had replicated , along with some of the raw material they were working with , and let them compete in what 's sure to be the next big hit : " Survivor : Test Tube . "
Remarkably , they bred .
And now and then , one of these survivors would screw up , binding with some other bit of raw material it had n't been using .
Hmm .
That 's exactly what life forms do ...
When these mutations occurred , " the resulting recombinant enzymes also were capable of sustained replication , with the most fit replicators growing in number to dominate the mixture , " the scientists report .
The " creatures " — wait , we can't call them that !
— evolved , with some " species " winning out .
" It kind of blew me away , " said team member Tracey Lincoln of the Scripps Research Institute , who is working on her Ph.D.
" What we have is non-living , but we 've been able to show that it has some life - like properties , and that was extremely interesting . "
Indeed .
Knocking on life 's door
Lincoln 's advisor , professor Gerald Joyce , reiterated that while the self - replicating RNA enzyme systems share certain characteristics of life , they are not life as we know it .
" What we 've found could be relevant to how life begins , at that key moment when Darwinian evolution starts , " Joyce said in a statement .
Joyce 's restraint , clear also on an NPR report of the finding , has to be appreciated .
He allows that some scientists familiar with the work have argued that this is life .
Another scientist said that what the researchers did is equivalent to recreating a scenario that might have led to the origin of life .
Joyce insists he and Lincoln have not created life : " We 're knocking on that door , " he says , " but of course we have n't achieved that . "
Only when a system is developed in the lab that has the capability of evolving novel functions on its own can it be properly called life , Joyce said .
In short , the molecules in Joyce 's lab can't evolve any totally new tricks , he said .
Track Your Package English ( US ) English ( CA ) Français ( CA ) Español ( MX )
Track your package in one easy step .
Enter the package tracking number in the field below and then click on Submit .
In moments you 'll learn where your package is .
If it has been delivered and a signature has been received , we 'll tell you who signed for it .
The amounts pale next to the $ 50 billion fraud that another high - profile New York figure , Bernard L. Madoff , was accused last week of orchestrating , but they have unnerved lawyers and their clients in the broader legal community .
As the Dreier firm ’s lawyers rummage through the law firm ’s books , which had been until recently Mr. Dreier ’s exclusive preserve , they are finding that bills have not been paid in months .
Their health insurance is in default and the firm will not be able to make its $ 2.6 million payroll on Monday , lawyers there say .
“ No one is in charge , ” Vincent F. Pitta , a lawyer at the firm , complained last week in an affidavit in support of a government request to freeze assets .
“ The news of Mr. Dreier ’s arrest has had a neutron - bomb - like effect on Dreier L.L.P . ”
Few have fallen as quickly as Mr. Dreier , a Yale graduate and Harvard - educated lawyer who had been a partner at some of New York ’s better known firms before opening up a high - profile practice of his own in 1996 that now has offices in five cities .
“ He promised lavish salaries and lavish compensation and he was attracting the best and the brightest , ” said Gerald L. Shargel , Mr. Dreier ’s lawyer .
Mr. Shargel said Mr. Dreier is cooperating with the receiver now running the firm .
The expense of running such an operation does not provide a ready explanation for thefts of such magnitude .
Even the cost of sustaining Mr. Dreier ’s appetite for luxury does not provide an easy answer for what instilled the desperation that seems to have prompted schemes involved here , schemes that prosecutors said involved Mr. Dreier pretending to be other people .
Mr. Dreier ’s lifestyle includes a waterfront home in the Hamptons , a Manhattan triplex and a place on Ocean Avenue in Santa Monica , Calif .
He kept a Mercedes 500 in New York , an Aston Martin in California , and a 121 - foot blue and white Heesen motor yacht with a Jacuzzi and a crew of 10 docked in Manhattan or St. Maarten .
Associates said the boat , the Seascape , was the site of late - night parties at which Mr. Dreier , who is divorced , was often joined by an attractive young crowd .
Reeling from the November elections , Republicans are considering which candidate can redeem them next time .
A new poll shows that most Republicans favor Alaskan Governor Sarah Palin as the GOP presidential nominee in 2012 , followed by Baptist minister and former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee .
An attractive new face is Bobby Jindal , Louisiana 's Governor .
All share one trait - they do n't believe in evolution .
I have obtained a secret tape recording of party leaders planning the Republican platform for the 21st Century .
Blog Archive
The Stanton Peele Addiction Website , November 9 , 2008 .
This blog post also appeared on Stanton 's Addiction in Society blog at PsychologyToday.com .
Secret Republican Agenda for 2012 : Return America to the Middle Ages !
The Republican Governors Association begins its meetings today , and candidates are vying to lead the GOP going forward .
A poll shows that most Republicans favor Alaskan Governor Sarah Palin as their presidential nominee for 2012 , followed by Baptist minister and former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee .
An attractive new face is Bobby Jindal , Louisiana 's Governor .
All share one striking trait - they do n't believe in evolution !
I have obtained a secret tape of party leaders planning the Republican platform for the 21st Century .
Leader 1 : We need to get back in tune with the typical American voter , yet differentiate ourselves from the Democrats .
Leader 2 : Well , they 've cornered that intellectual crowd , what with Obama and his wife 's Ivy League pedigrees .
Leader 1 : People do n't like those smarty - pants anyhow .
We should go in the opposite direction .
Leader 2 : One place they 're vulnerable is on that gay thing - even the voters that turned out in droves for them rejected same - sex marriage - and not only in Florida and Arizona , but California !
Leader 1 : Yeah , the traditional values crowd still carries the day .
Too bad Obama turned out to be an actual Christian , or we could have tarred him with that " intellectual atheist " label - deadly .
Remember Stevenson ?
Leader 2 : We need to look for candidates who do n't buy into that whole science ball of wax .
Leader 1 : Well , Palin and Huckabee are strong in that area - neither believes in evolution .
What about Bobby Jindal ?
Leader 2 : He 's a fundamentalist too - he worries about demonic possession , like Palin does , and favors exorcisms .
Leader 1 : Perfect !
Could we have the convention in Kentucky ?
I can just see a shot of all of the candidates visiting that creationist museum there - you know , the one where they show dinosaurs getting on Noah 's Arc .
Leader 2 : That 's great - as many Americans believe in flying saucers as believe in evolution .
Leader 1 : That makes me think - now do n't shoot this down right away - but you know that Democratic Congressman who ran for president against the war - what 's his name ?
Leader 2 : You mean Kucinovich ?
Leader 1 : Yeah , has n't he reported seeing UFOs - maybe we can create a coalition that crosses party lines .
Leader 2 : Let me think about it .
Leader 1 :
Leader 2 : I 've been thinking about this one for a while - why do n't we revive the old earth circling the sun controversy ?
Leader 1 : I 've always wondered how they knew that .
Does n't the sun rise in the east each day ?
You can see it with your own eyes .
Leader 1 : When was that ?
Leader 2 : 1992 .
Leader 1 : Why bother after three and a half centuries ?
Leave well enough alone .
Leader 2 : Anyhow , here 's how I see our campaign slogan : " Vote for Palin , and put America back at the center of the universe , where it belongs . "
What do you think ?
Leader 1 : Perfect .
We 'll slay them - like Saint George did the dinosaur .
Leader 2 : That was a dragon .
Say , that gives me an idea for a campaign ad .
Picture Sarah stabbing a dinosaur with Obama 's face on it while the scroll under it reads : " Palin slays atheistic science . "
Leader 1 : That 's the kind of creativity we need to bring Republicans into the modern world !
Chicago Annenberg Challenge in Spotlight
The Chicago Annenberg Challenge , chaired from 1995 to 1999 by Barack Obama , is being portrayed by some critics of the Democratic presidential nominee as an attempt to push radicalism on schools .
In fact , the project undertaken in Chicago as part of a high - profile national initiative reflected mainstream thinking among education reformers .
The Annenberg Foundation ’s $ 49.2 million grant in the city focused on three priorities : encouraging collaboration among teachers and better professional development ; reducing the isolation between schools and between schools and their communities ; and reducing school size to improve learning .
The other eight urban projects that received money from the foundation under the Annenberg Challenge initiative launched in 1993 by the philanthropist Walter H. Annenberg pursued similar aims .
And the creation of small schools has continued as a reform strategy nationwide , most recently with major funding from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation .
The proposal that won Chicago the grant , which the Annenberg Foundation required be matched two - to - one by local donations , was written by William C. Ayers and Anne C. Hallett .
Mr. Ayers , a professor of education at the University of Illinois at Chicago , has become a prime target for Mr. Obama ’s critics , who point to Mr. Ayers ’ membership in the radical Weather Underground in the 1960s and 1970s and assert that the Illinois senator has been keeping company with an unrepentant domestic terrorist .
Gov. Sarah Palin of Alaska , the Republican vice presidential nominee , gave the charge new visibility this month when she alluded to Mr. Ayers in accusing Sen.
Obama of “ palling around with terrorists . ”
Mr. Ayers and Ms. Hallett , who was then the executive director of the Cross City Campaign for Urban School Reform , led a citywide group called the Chicago School Reform Collaborative that met frequently throughout 1994 to write a proposal to secure Annenberg funding .
“ They are taking what was a very positive civic undertaking to improve public schools and characterizing it as something it was not at all , ” Ms. Hallett said of the bloggers , commentators , and TV and radio hosts who for months have been discussing Sen.
Obama ’s association with Mr. Ayers .
Critics have focused not just on Mr. Ayers ’ involvement in violent opposition to the Vietnam War , but also on what they see as his espousal of a radical “ social justice ” approach to education .
For example , Dick Morris , a political consultant and pundit who has worked for both Republicans and Democrats , including President Clinton , said Oct. 6 on the Fox News Channel show “ Hannity & Colmes ” that Mr. Ayers has a philosophy of “ radicalizing students . ”
Under the Chicago Annenberg Challenge , he charged , Mr. Ayers chose Mr. Obama to “ pass the money out ” to “ extremist community groups ” to infuse students with “ radical ideology . ”
Support for Decentralization
The context for the Chicago proposal to the Annenberg Foundation was the 1988 decentralization of the city ’s public schools by the Republican - controlled Illinois legislature , a response to frustration over years of teachers ’ strikes , low achievement , and bureaucratic failure .
Among other changes , the law set up “ local school councils ” at all district schools and gave the panels , which included community representatives , the power to hire principals .
“ Chicago is six years into the most radical systemwide urban school reform in the country , ” a letter accompanying the proposal stated , referring to the decentralization .
“ The Annenberg Challenge provides an unprecedented opportunity to concentrate the energy of this reform into an educational renaissance in the classroom . ”
The proposal was backed by letters of support to the Annenberg Foundation from Illinois Gov. Jim Edgar , a Republican , local education school deans , the superintendent of the Chicago public schools , and the heads of local foundations .
“ Part of the work was to build a strong community around schools , ” said Ms. Hallett , who is now the director of Grow Your Own Illinois , a Chicago - based teacher - recruitment project .
“ Most of the schools had been isolated for a long time . ”
To manage the Annenberg grant and raise the necessary matching funds , the Chicago project was required by the Annenberg Foundation to have a board of directors .
Critics of Sen. Obama assert that Mr. Ayers must have played a role in his selection as the chairman of the Chicago Annenberg Challenge .
Stanley Kurtz , a senior fellow at the Washington - based Ethics and Public Policy Center , wrote in a Sept. 23 opinion essay in The Wall Street Journal that it was an “ unsettled question ” how “ a former community organizer fresh out of law school could vault to the top of a new foundation . ”
Those involved in selecting Mr. Obama , however , say it was precisely that background that attracted them to him .
Mr. Obama , then 33 , was an associate at the law firm Davis , Miner , Barnhill and Galland and a member of the board of the Chicago - based Joyce Foundation .
He also served , as Mr. Ayers later did with him , on the board of the Woods Fund of Chicago , which had financed the Developing Communities Project , a South Side community - organizing project that Mr. Obama ran from 1985 to 1988 before leaving to attend Harvard Law School .
He brought that organizing perspective with him to the new education project , telling the Chicago Tribune in a June 1995 article about the Chicago Annenberg Challenge : “ If we ’re really going to change things in this city , it ’s going to start at the grassroots level and with our children . ”
Mr. Ayers and Ms. Hallett met with the heads of three Chicago - based foundations that were actively involved in education , and the foundation executives agreed to take the lead in putting together a board of community leaders .
The three officials were Deborah Leff , then the president of the Joyce Foundation ; Patricia Albjerg Graham , then the president of the Spencer Foundation ; and Adele S. Simmons , then the president of the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation .
( Education Week receives funding from the Joyce Foundation for coverage of policy efforts to improve the teaching profession .
The newspaper has also received support from the Spencer Foundation for coverage of research , and in the 1990s had a grant from the MacArthur Foundation for special reporting . )
Compelling Life Story
The trio of foundation presidents met for breakfast to begin their work .
Ms. Leff , who is now president of the Washington - based Public Welfare Foundation , said in an interview that she suggested the young lawyer to the group .
Ms. Simmons said she also knew Mr. Obama at that time , but Ms. Graham did not .
She had , however , heard of him while both were at Harvard University , Mr. Obama as the president of the Harvard Law Review and she as dean of the Harvard Graduate School of Education .
“ I knew of his deep commitment to improving urban education , ” Ms. Leff said .
“ I also knew in watching him on the board at Joyce that he was extremely intelligent , able to deal efficiently with a variety of points of view . ”
Ms. Graham said she later met with Mr. Obama at Avenzare , an Italian restaurant , and after a lengthy conversation , asked him to chair the board of the Chicago Annenberg Challenge , which he agreed to do if she served as vice chair and helped him .
Mr. Obama ’s life story , she believed , could serve as testimony that lower - income and minority children could thrive when given access to good schools — a chief goal of the Chicago Annenberg Challenge .
“ I thought a young man of that extraordinary personal background ... would be much more inspirational for a group of Chicago public school kids than a middle - aged white woman like me , ” Ms. Graham said .
All three former foundation executives said this month that their decisions to recommend Mr. Obama were not influenced by Mr. Ayers or Ms. Hallett .
“ I can speak to the fact that Bill Ayers had nothing to do with the appointment of Obama to the Annenberg Challenge , and he was not significantly involved with the challenge after Obama was appointed , ” Ms. Graham said .
The board of CAC approved Mr. Obama as chairman at its first meeting , in March 1995 , on the recommendation of Ms. Graham .
The other members of the board were Arnold R. Weber , a former president of Northwestern University and then - president of the civic committee of the Commercial Club of Chicago ; Stanley Ikenberry , a former president of the University of Illinois system ; Ray Romero , a vice president of Ameritech ; Susan Crown , a philanthropist ; Handy Lindsey , the president of the Field Foundation of Illinois ; and Wanda White , the executive director of the Community Workshop for Economic Development .
Mr. Obama ’s role as chairman of the board included working with lawyers to set up the group as a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) nonprofit organization and appealing to donors for matching funds .
Mr. Obama was active , challenging the staff and pushing the researchers on the project to do more , said Ken Rolling , who was the executive director of the Chicago Annenberg Challenge and a former associate director of the Woods Fund .
“ Barack was all the best people already see in him , ” Mr. Rolling said .
“ He ’s very smart , a quick study , and somebody who listens to a range of opinions and takes in data , information , and viewpoints , and helps work toward a decision that is often much more broad than the initial recommendation . ”
Over its six years , the Chicago Annenberg Challenge funded projects in more than 210 schools , mostly at the elementary level .
The schools were required to work with “ external partners , ” including higher education institutions , museums , community groups and already - established school reform initiatives .
Until the CAC board was in place and a staff hired , the 23 - member Chicago School Reform Collaborative crafted the requests for proposals for prospective grantees and reviewed their grant proposals .
Some of the projects led by members of the collaborative , including Mr. Ayers , received Annenberg money .
Mr. Ayers , who was involved with the Small Schools Workshop at his university , also gave a workshop for some of the school - community networks funded by the challenge on small schools .
Ayers ' Involvement
One fact of civic life in Chicago , say city residents , is the prominence of the Ayers family .
Thomas G. Ayers , the father of William and John Ayers , was the chief executive officer of the Commonwealth Edison Co. , the region ’s major electric utility .
He died in 2007 .
John Ayers was active in Chicago school reform circles as the head of Leadership for Quality Education , an organization that represented business leaders ’ interest in schools .
He is now a senior associate of the Chicago - based National Association of Charter School Authorizers .
John Ayers declined to comment for this story , and William Ayers could not be reached .
Mr. Obama had significant contact with Thomas Ayers toward the end of the Chicago Annenberg Challenge , when they worked to establish the Chicago Public Education Fund .
The fund received more than $ 2 million in startup money from the CAC .
A examination of the records of the Chicago Annenberg Challenge , housed at the Richard J. Daley Library at the University of Illinois at Chicago , found that Mr. Obama and Mr. Ayers attended Chicago Annenberg Challenge board meetings together , and that Mr. Ayers worked on a governance committee with Mr. Obama .
They also appeared at events where the role of Mr. Obama , as chairman of the board , was largely ceremonial .
He would give a welcoming speech , while others , such as Mr. Ayers or Ms. Hallett , spoke more specifically about the education efforts taking place .
William Ayers has long been a presence in the Chicago education scene .
“ You ca n’t work in school reform in this community without coming across Bill Ayers .
He ’s been involved in every area of Chicago reform going back 30 years now , ” said Michael Klonsky , who has known Mr. Ayers since their days in the leftist group Students for a Democratic Society in the 1960s .
Mr. Klonsky later founded the Small Schools Workshop at the University of Illinois at Chicago with him .
“ Senator Obama would have to be a magician to not have ran into , or met , or sat in a meeting with Bill Ayers , ” Mr. Klonsky said .
In a Sept. 23 statement , the Obama campaign said : “ The Annenberg Challenge records only serve to establish clearly that while Barack Obama and Ayers had occasional contact during Obama ’s six years of service on the bipartisan board , they did not work closely together to exchange and develop policy ideas .
In fact , as these same records show , Ayers attended a total six meetings of the board during the six years of Obama ’s board service . ”
The records contain a letter to Walter Annenberg from Ms. Hallett , dated Sept. 10 , 1995 , in which she describes the board selected to govern the project .
The panel , she notes , is “ chaired by an impressive young lawyer , Barack Obama , a former community organizer who was the first African - American president of the Harvard Law Review . ”
Mayor Assumes Control
While the Chicago Annenberg Challenge was designed to strengthen the decentralization of the city ’s schools by better connecting them to their communities , another major change in the governance of the school system served to complicate its effects .
In 1995 , just at the CAC was beginning its work , the Illinois legislature gave control of the school system to Mayor Richard M. Daley .
He appointed his former budget director , Paul G. Vallas , to run the schools , ushering in a new era characterized by a top - down emphasis on accountability .
Individual schools were faced with the tension of pursuing Annenberg - funded projects while at the same time adhering to new mandates from the central office for raising students ’ test scores .
“ For school reform , the ’90s were like the ’ 60s , ” Mr. Vallas , now the chief of the state - run Recovery School District in New Orleans , said in a recent interview .
“ There was a lot of experimentation going on .
I thought there could be a balance between centralized accountability and local control . ”
Mr. Rolling said schools often felt Mr. Vallas ’ directives did n’t leave time or room for other projects .
“ They were focused on accountability and scripted curriculum .
They were carrying a pretty big stick , ” he recalled of the new administration .
“ We were saying to schools : ‘ Figure out what is best going to work there .
Tell us your best ideas and how you would implement it , and we will get you some funding to carry it out . ’ ”
In the end , a 2003 study conducted by the Consortium on Chicago School Research concluded that the Annenberg project “ did not achieve an overall effect on student outcomes . ”
“ [ W ] hile the challenge contributed to the improvement of a number of Annenberg schools , there is little evidence of an overall Annenberg school improvement ‘ effect . ’
Any improvements were much like those occuring in demographically similar non-Annenberg schools , ” the report said .
The challenge ’s supporters point elsewhere for evidence of success : to the studies produced by the Chicago Annenberg Research Project , and to the creation of the Chicago Public Education Fund , considered by many a successor organization to the Annenberg board .
The CAC gave staff time and more than $ 2 million to create the fund .
Mr. Obama was among the board members who gave their own money for the startup in 1999 ; the records at the Daley library did not say how much .
Mr. Rolling said the research project helped shape the agenda for Arne Duncan , the current chief executive officer of the Chicago schools , especially on improving teacher quality .
Ms. Graham , the former head of the Spencer Foundation , agreed .
She added that she believes the emphasis on improving schooling for poor children also made a contribution .
“ In the early ’90s , when this was all going on , there were not a lot of people who were thinking seriously about what we need to do to improve the schooling of low - income children , ” she said .
The Chicago Public Education Fund has raised $ 25 million for training school principals and for boosting the number of teachers certified by the National Board for Professional Teaching Standards .
Using a hands - on approach similar to venture capitalism , the fund recently launched a $ 25 million campaign to bringing in national management groups to help improve Chicago ’s schools .
Warren K. Chapman , who co-chaired the Chicago School Reform Collaborative with Mr. Ayers , credited the Chicago Annenberg Challenge with laying the groundwork for such civic efforts .
“ I do n’t know if [ the challenge ] was successful in improving education in terms of student achievement .
I think , at the time , it was successful in galvanizing support for local schools , bringing together people and communities who became engaged in the challenge , ” said Mr. Chapman , who is now the vice chancellor for external affairs at the University of Illinois at Chicago .
“ Today , you see a lot of people engaged in many schools in Chicago , ” he said .
“ Some go back to the Annenberg Challenge , and some have done it since then . ”
And one of the themes of the Chicago Annenberg Challenge is reflected in Sen .
Obama ’s education policy proposals in his presidential campaign .
In his teacher - quality plan for K - 12 education , Sen .
Obama says he would provide incentives to give teachers paid common planning time .
Vol. 28 , Issue 08
Back to Top
Vatican City
Never mind the Da Vinci Code -- what about Michelangelo 's secret messages ?
On the 500th anniversary of the artist 's first climb up the ladder in 1508 to paint the Sistine Chapel ceiling , a new book claims he embedded subversive messages in his spectacular frescoes -- not only Jewish , Kabbalistic and pagan symbols but also insults directed at Pope Julius II , who commissioned the work , and references to his own sexuality .
First ...
With the recent news that C.C. Sabathia will sign with the New York Yankees for a reported seven years and $ 160 million dollars ( the largest pitching contract in history ) , we have to ask ourselves why did this happen ?
Here are the possibilities that we came up with , but feel free to add your own below :
10 . $ 160 Million can buy many Big Macs .
9 . He was mesmerized by Derek Jeter and his “ intangibles ” .
8. Hank Steinbrenner is trying to live up to the legacy of his father .
7 . Because packing heat is frowned upon in Milwaukee .
6 . Because the Yankees have n’t had a Fat Toad since Hideki Irabu .
5. C.C. was tired of sharing pants with Prince Fielder .
4. Actually thought he was joining the next season of The Biggest Loser .
3 . He has dreams of becoming the next Carl Pavano .
2. Because Strippers > Sausage Races
1. C.C. stands for “ Cashing Checks ” .
Mandriva Linuxというと、私などは旧名のMandrakelinuxのほうに馴染みがあるのだが、まあそれはともかく老舗のGNU/Linuxディストリビューションの一つである。Ubuntuが出てくる前の2004年ごろには最も注目されていたディストリビューションであり、現在でもヨーロッパや(ブラジルのConnectivaを買収・合併したので)南米を中心に根強い人気を誇っている。
ところで、古参のMandrivaコントリビュータの一人 、Vincent Danen氏の最近のブログ記事によると、Mandriva関係のメーリングリストの流量が目に見えて落ち込んでいるそうである。確かに、開発者向けメーリングリスト(cooker
ML ) の流量は2007年まで年間4-5万通あったのが今年は1万5千通弱であり、コミュニティによるサポートリスト(expert ML ) や新米ユーザ向 け( newbie ML ) に至っては5ケタが4ケタという激減ぶりだ。これを引いて彼は、「Mandrivaのコミュニティは急激に衰えている!」と懸念を表明した。
確か にMandrivaの場合、例えばニッチのかぶるUbuntuにユーザを奪われているという可能性も高いわけだが、それにしてもこれは数として減りすぎである。そこで、他に理由があるのではないか、という間違い探しが始まったのだが、とりあえず開発者向けメーリングリストの流量が今年になって急に下がったのは、どうやらBugzillaのログメールをメーリングリストに流さなくなったせいではないか、という話に落ち着いた。問題は、いわゆるユーザ向けのメーリングリスト二つのほうである。というのも、どうもMandrivaに限らず、GNU/Linuxの一般ユーザ向けのメーリングリストは、流量、加入者共にどこも頭打ちか、減少傾向にあるようなのだ。
考えられる理由の一つは 、GNU / Linuxが製品としてある程度成熟し、昔のように何でもかんでも聞いて回らなくても大体按配良く動くようになったのではないか、ということである。現実問題として、最近ではGNU/Linuxのインストールも簡単だし、大方の周辺機器はとりあえずUSBに差せばそのまま動く。アーカイヴを(検索可能な形で)公開するところも増えているため、わざわざメーリングリストに参加しなくても情報が得られるようになったということもあるだろう(そもそも単にウェブで検索したほうが早いということもままある)。また、SPAM対策が進んでメーリングリストに迷惑メールが流れなくなり、その結果として目に見える流量が減ったということもあると思う。
ただ、少なくと もMandrivaの場合、どうやら昔はメーリングリストに加入していたような(例えば質問がしたい)ユーザは、フォーラム(掲示板)に流れているらしいのである。やはりMandrivaの開発者であるAdam Williamson氏がブログで出したグラフを見ると、確かにMandriva Forumsの登録ユーザも投稿数も増えている。特に投稿数はかなり急激な伸びである。Ubuntuにしても、質問やその答えといったユーザ同士のコミュニケーションは、メーリングリストというよりはウェブ掲示板のUbuntu Forumsを中心に行われているようだ。ちなみに私が知る限り、Debian開発者は洋の東西を問わず皆掲示板なるものが嫌いだと思うのだが、そのDebianにしてもDebian User Forumというのがあって、最近ではなかなか盛況のようである。
私が思うに、メーリングリストというもの自体が、特定多数によるコミュニケーション手段としては時代遅れになりつつあるのではなかろうか。一般的なユーザは、どういうわけか掲示板が大好きなのである。これは2ちゃんねるやスラッシュドット・ジャパンを擁する日本に限らず、世界的な傾向のようだ。私などは、どう考えてもメーリングリストのほうが書くのも読むのも運営するのも楽だと思うのだが、そういう考えの持ち主はもはや少数派らしい。
もちろん、書き込みに応じたユーザのレーティングが付いたり、RSSフィードを吐いたり、更新通知がメールで来たり、読み書きのインターフェースが改善されたり、そもそもネットワークの回線速度が速くなったりと昔のプリミティヴな掲示板システムと比べて技術面でずいぶん改善されているということもあるのだが、そういった細かいことはさておいて、とにかくウェブブラウザから書けて敷居が低いというのが重要のようだ。さらに言えば、何か掲示板的なインターフェースそのものにそれ特有の魅力、あるいは人間の生理に対する適合性のようなものがあるのではないかとすらも思われる。それが何か、スパッと指摘できないのが情けないところだが…。いずれにせよ、今後新たに何かオープンソースによるバザール型開発プロジェクトを興すならば、ユーザ向けにはメーリングリストではなく、掲示板を用意したほうが良いということは言えそうである。開発者向けにはメーリングリストのほうが良いと思うが…。
ところで、昔NetNewsというものがあった。今もあるが、率直に言って多くの人にとっては存在しないも同じである。あれほど隆盛を極めていたNetNewsが、ほとんど数年のうちに全く姿を消してしまったというのが、私にとっては極めて印象的な出来事だった。メーリングリストに関しても同じような急激な絶滅が見られるのだろうか。今後しばらく注目していきたいと思っている。
Imagine if , following the election of Barack Obama by 52.9 % of American voters , the Republican party , which got just 45.7 % of votes , demanded another election .
Imagine if the Republicans described Obama 's victory as a " triumph of ignorance " – brought about by an " unspeakable " and " ignorant " mass of people who should have been " swatted away by the forces of the establishment " – and insisted on holding a second election so that , this time , the voters could " get it right " .
There would be uproar , outrage , widespread disgust at such elite disdain for the democratic process .
Well , now you know how the Irish people must feel .
In June this year , 53.4 % of Irish voters rejected the Lisbon treaty , against 46.6 % who supported it ( giving the " No " camp a " sweeping victory " similar to Obama's ) .
Yet now the Irish will be asked to vote again .
EU officials ' behind - doors deal to force a second referendum in Ireland reveals their utter contempt for Irish voters , and for democracy itself .
It is an historic sucker punch against the sovereignty of the people .
As soon as the Irish people 's ballots were counted in June , their rejection of Lisbon was treated as the " wrong " answer , as if they had been taking part in a multiple - choice maths exam and had failed to work out that 2+2=4 .
Now , they will be given a chance to sit the exam again , " until [ they ] come up with the right answer , " says George Galloway , attacking EU elitism .
The notion that the Irish " got it wrong " exposes gobsmacking ignorance about democracy in the upper echelons of the EU .
The very fact that a majority of Irish people said no to Lisbon made it the " right answer " , true and sovereign and final .
" No " really does mean no .
The Irish were subjected to a tirade of slanderous abuse when they dared to reject officials ' carefully crafted and profound ( in truth , overlong and turgid ) document on the future of the EU .
One Brussels official described them as " ungrateful bastards " , on the basis that Ireland has received lots of handouts from the EU and thus should be more obedient to its paymaster .
Pro-EU commentators blamed " populist demagogues " for cajoling the Irish into voting no , and said the EU 's plans should not be " derailed by lies and disinformation " .
It was widely claimed that the Irish simply did n't understand the treaty , and may have been confused by its " technocratic , near incomprehensible language " ( well , they are ignorant Paddies , after all ) .
Some claimed that the Irish mistakenly , possibly even illegitimately , had used the referendum to register disgruntlement with their own ruling parties .
Margot Wallström , vice - president of the European Commission , said officials should try to " work out what the Irish people had really been voting against " .
I would have thought that was obvious : they were handed the Lisbon treaty ; they said no to it .
We 've been here before .
When French and Dutch voters rejected the European constitution in 2005 ( and according to Valery Giscard d'Estaing , the current Lisbon treaty is the " same as the constitution " ) , they were sneeringly insulted by their betters in Brussels .
Neil Kinnock said it was a " triumph of ignorance " .
Andrew Duff , Liberal Democrat MEP , labelled the " rejectionists " as an " odd bunch of racists , xenophobes , nationalists , communists , the disappointed centre left and the generally pissed off " .
He asked whether it is wise to " submit the EU Constitution to a lottery of uncoordinated national plebiscites " .
Clearly not , since the plebs might just reject it .
The EU 's attempts to force the constitution / Lisbon treaty through despite its democratic rejection , and now their offer of a few addendums to the Irish people , make it come across as a corrupt , archaic oligarchy , ensconced in its palaces , looking down at the people of Europe as a strange , dumb , untrustworthy blob .
All of the Irish people I know remain passionate about the idea of Europe .
Even those who rejected Lisbon think of Ireland as European , and have travelled , worked and made friends on the continent .
It is not Europe that they rejected in the referendum in June , but a document produced by a cut - off and aloof European elite , those cosmopolitan poseurs who are in reality distrustful of Europe 's masses , whether it's the thick Irish , the xenophobic French , or the mysterious Turks .
The Irish were being properly European ; the EU is being merely elitist .
Well no wonder they ’re throwing shoes
December 14 , 2008 by lestro
by lestro
While the Great Shoe - Throwing Incident of 2008 will undoubtedly be the only thing anyone is talking about today ( that and the uncanny ability of the Buffalo Bills to almost literally throw away a game in the final minutes ) , there is another big Iraq story today , one that might even help explain what drove an Iraqi journalist to risk EVERYTHING to take a pot -shot at the President of the United States .
Today the New York Times details a 500 + page draft report of the “ official history ” of the Iraq war and the picture is not a pretty one .
Among the overarching conclusions of the history is that five years after embarking on its largest foreign reconstruction project since the Marshall Plan in Europe after World War II , the United States government has in place neither the policies and technical capacity nor the organizational structure that would be needed to undertake such a program on anything approaching this scale .
The bitterest message of all for the reconstruction program may be the way the history ends .
The hard figures on basic services and industrial production compiled for the report reveal that for all the money spent and promises made , the rebuilding effort never did much more than restore what was destroyed during the invasion and the convulsive looting that followed .
According to the Times ( and I ’ll trust them – the actual report is here , if you want to read it , but at 500 pages , I do n’t see myself getting through it today … ) , the last five years have been an unmitigated failure of leadership .
In the preface , Mr. Bowen gives a searing critique of what he calls the “ blinkered and disjointed prewar planning for Iraq ’s reconstruction ” and the botched expansion of the program from a modest initiative to improve Iraqi services to a multibillion - dollar enterprise .
Mr. Bowen also swipes at the endless revisions and reversals of the program , which at various times gyrated from a focus on giant construction projects led by large Western contractors to modest community - based initiatives carried out by local Iraqis .
While Mr. Bowen concedes that deteriorating security had a hand in spoiling the program ’s hopes , he suggests , as he has in the past , that the program did not need much outside help to do itself in .
Let ’s be clear here :
No one is slagging the military .
The military mission of defeating and overthrowing Saddam Hussein and occupying the capital was a magnificent success .
The military , with a few notable exceptions , have acted honoarbly and done their very best to complete the undefined , politically - motivaed and completely nebulous mission (s ) handed down by the civilian leadership .
This is NOT a failure or defeat for the US Military .
They did their part .
This is a political and diplomatic failure .
Yet another example of how everything the Bush Administration touches seems to turn to shit .
Like everything else proposed and enacted by the Bush Adminstration , this whole thing has been a poorly thought - out premise with no plans for an end game .
It is a collection of tactics that have been mostly outsourced and seems to following no overarching strategy other than getting Bush ’s already fabulous rich friends even richer .
“ But beyond the security issue stands another compelling and unavoidable answer : the U.S. government was not adequately prepared to carry out the reconstruction mission it took on in mid-2003 , ” he concludes .
The history cites some projects as successes .
The review praises community outreach efforts by the Agency for International Development , the Treasury Department ’s plan to stabilize the Iraqi dinar after the invasion and a joint effort by the Departments of State and Defense to create local rebuilding teams .
But the portrait that emerges over all is one of a program ’s officials operating by the seat of their pants in the middle of a critical enterprise abroad , where the reconstruction was supposed to convince the Iraqi citizenry of American good will and support the new democracy with lights that turned on and taps that flowed with clean water .
Mostly , it is a portrait of a program that seemed to grow exponentially as even those involved from the inception of the effort watched in surprise .
It ’s no wonder that even the journalists are tossing their shoes at the president .
At the end of his narrative , Mr. Bowen chooses a line from “ Great Expectations ” by Dickens as the epitaph of the American - led attempt to rebuild Iraq : “ We spent as much money as we could , and got as little for it as people could make up their minds to give us . ”
But perhaps as the Bush Era winds down , it ’s another Dickens quote , from the detective story “ Hunted Down , ” that can best sum things up :
I have known a vast quantity of nonsense talked about bad men not looking you in the face .
Do n’t trust that conventional idea .
Dishonesty will stare honesty out of countenance any day in the week , if there is anything to be got by it .
36 days to go .
We ’re celebrating 20 years of Earth Science Picture of the Day during the month of September !
Today ’s photo features a popular EPOD from the past .
Thanks to all of our followers ( on the blog , Facebook , Instagram and Twitter ) for supporting us .
Thanks also to all of you who ’ve submitted your photos .
We ’re most appreciative .
This EPOD was originally published January 16 , 2008 .
Provided and copyright by : Lisa Gonnelli
Summary authors & editors : Jim Foster , Lisa Gonnelli
On Sunday afternoon , July 22 , 2007 , a cold front was crossing our area after several very humid and hot days .
I could tell by the upper atmosphere that it would be a great day to observe halo phenomena .
Still , I was surprised when the splendid circumhorizontal arc , shown above , appeared and remained in place for approximately 35 minutes .
It was spectacular !
The arc was first noticeable about 12:45 p.m. ( Eastern Daylight Time ) .
It was very hard to take my eyes off this beautifully colored strip of sky .
I followed it with my camera , taking a shot about every three minutes .
In order for a circumhorizontal arc to form , the Sun has to be at least 58 degrees above the horizon .
In mid-latitude locations , this means that these lovely arcs are most often observed near noon during the summer months .
Sunlight enters the vertical side faces of atmospheric ice crystals and exits through their lower horizontal basal face .
At times the circumhorizontal arc can be nearly as brilliant as the more common circumzenithal arc , but it tends to be a bit more washed out because it 's always seen at a greater distance ( the horizon is further than is the zenith ) , and thus there 's more intervening air light .
EPOD Archives
[ 9/20 ]
My grandparents in England had cows on their farm so I 've always had a lot of affection for them , and was delighted to read this story from the Los Angeles Times indicating a " hidden cow power . "
Turns out cows may have internal compasses much like birds and bees do for orienting themselves to magnetic north .
Using satellite images on Google Earth , German scientists were able to see that all over the planet , cows stand with their bodies pointing to magnetic north .
Studying photographs of 8,510 cattle in 308 herds from around the world , zoologists Sabine Begall and Hynek Burda of the University of Duisburg - Essen and their colleagues found that two out of every three animals in the pictures were oriented in a direction roughly pointing to magnetic north .
The resolution of the images was not sufficient to tell which ends of the cows were pointing north , however .
You have probably seen how cows will tend to face together in the same direction in a field , usually to face head on into a wind ( reduces heat loss ) or sideways to the sun ( maximize heat gain ) , but because the photos on Google Earth are so widespread and taken in generally good weather , it appears that cows have a " default setting " of north - south orientation when local conditions do n't override it .
As one of the researchers said , " This is an incredibly neat use of Google Earth .
This is a study we would not have dreamed about doing five years ago . "
Not just crowd - sourcing -- it 's herd - sourcing !
New And Exclusive To Pacific Heights Plastic Surgery – The SIMI ™ Neck Lift !
Dr. Kaplan has created a new and innovative technique to eliminate unnecessary incisions and decrease discomfort in neck lift patients .
Learn more about this exciting new procedure by clicking below .
The SIMI ™ Neck Lift
Confidence in yourself and your surgeon
San Francisco Bay
Plastic Surgeon
Welcome to the practice of Dr. Jonathan Kaplan , considered a Top Doctor in the San Francisco Bay Area by Castle Connolly .
You will not find a more open and transparent practice .
Dr. Kaplan showcases his surgery on Snapchat , Instagram and YouTube , with the patient ’s permission of course .
So you can see what he ’s like behind the scenes .
Sure you can look at their 4 + rating on Yelp but to really see the office staff and Dr. Kaplan in their element , and appreciate their personality , demeanor and approachability , seeing is believing .
And when it comes to communication , you ’ll receive Dr. Kaplan ’s email address when booking your consultation .
He ’ll also call you the evening after your surgery and provide you with his cell phone number .
You ’ll never find a more accessible surgeon , before and after surgery !
Our office proudly features its own state of - the - art accredited operating room and recovery room for a private VIP experience .
No need to go to another surgery center or hospital .
Your operation is performed here !
That means there are no other patients waiting in the preop holding area with you and less unnecessary staff .
Less people means less potential exposure to infection .
We are the only Plastic Surgery certified Cool Sculpting practice with TWO Cool Sculpting machines in San Francisco .
That means we can treat TWICE THE FAT in HALF THE TIME !
Dual Sculpting is where it ’s at !
GET PRICING
Less than two weeks after announcing that he 's coming out of retirement , quarterback Daunte Culpepper has a new home .
Culpepper agreed Saturday to a two - year deal with the Detroit Lions .
Terms of the deal , scheduled to be signed on Monday , are unknown .
Culpepper canceled a scheduled trip to Kansas City to instead visit the Lions earlier in the week .
Coach Rod Marinelli made the announcement after his team 's 27 - 23 loss to the Chicago Bears on Sunday .
He would not answer questions but did say the deal hinges on the results of a pending non-orthopedic physical .
Culpepper left the Lions on Tuesday without a deal but kept in touch , trying to find a home for this season and next season .
After several days of negotiations , Culpepper agreed that Detroit was the best fit for him .
In September , Culpepper announced his retirement after being offered only one - year deals .
Culpepper felt ignored despite his belief in his skills , and when he could n't find a long - term home he announced his retirement at the age of 31 .
Dan Orlovsky started the past four games , with Jon Kitna out for the rest of the season with a back injury , and Marinelli would not say who will start against Jacksonville next week .
" Like I told you , every week we will wait until Sunday , " Marinelli said .
" That 's being consistent . "
Orlovsky said his approach wo n't change either way .
" I will just continue to prepare like I am the starting quarterback , " he said .
Besides the uncertainty over who will start , Culpepper 's signing could leave third - string quarterback Drew Henson without a job .
" I heard yesterday they signed him and there was talks floating around that they were going to bring him in and it's just a matter of time so it 's not surprising by any means , " Henson said .
" I guess we will find out more tomorrow and hopefully have a better understanding what 's going on not only next week but hopefully for the rest of the season and my future here in Detroit . "
In agreeing to a deal with Culpepper , the Lions have a quarterback to help finish this season and take them into next season .
Culpepper , a former Vikings starter , has great knowledge of the NFC North .
Senior writer John Clayton covers the NFL for ESPN.com .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
New studies being released this week indicate that climate change is exerting massive and worrying change on the Arctic region — reducing the volume of ice , releasing methane gas into the atmosphere , and dramatically raising air temperatures in some parts of the Arctic .
The findings will give fresh urgency to international deliberations on the next global climate change pact planned for December 2009 in Copenhagen .
The studies also will likely intensify international pressure on the incoming Obama administration to embrace major cuts in the emission of greenhouse gases in an effort to help stabilize global temperatures .
NASA scientists will reveal that more than 2 trillion tons of land ice on Greenland and Alaska , along with in Antarctica , have melted since 2003 .
Satellite measurements suggest half of the loss has come from Greenland .
Melting of land ice slowly raises sea levels .
The World Meteorological Organization , a United Nations agency , is also reporting that ice volume in the Arctic this year fell to its lowest recorded level to date .
Experts from the National Snow and Ice Data Center in Colorado will further reveal that temperatures this fall in some Arctic areas north of Alaska were 9 or 10 degrees Fahrenheit above average .
The long - predicted phenomenon is known as " Arctic amplification . "
As global air temperatures increase , the Arctic tends to show greater changes because the ice pack that once reflected solar heat is reduced in scope .
More heat is therefore absorbed .
The study is being discussed at a meeting of the American Geophysical Union in San Francisco .
Says NASA climate scientist H. Jay Zwally , " We may be going through a tipping point [ in climate change ] right now . "
He adds , " Once the ice goes away , you 're absorbing much more heat . "
The Arctic , he says , is showing two to three times the overall global rate of temperature increase .
The Arctic , adds Mark Serreze of the National Snow and Ice Data Center , plays a key role in global weather .
" You 're starting to fundamentally change the Arctic refrigerator , " he says .
" You 're fiddling with the dials on that refrigerator — maybe changing weather patterns well beyond the Arctic . "
The changes in the Arctic , analysts predict , will launch an unprecedented era of oil and gas exploration , mineral exploitation , shipping , fishing , and tourism — all placing a fragile ecosystem at risk .
One result of the new opportunities could begeopolitical competition among the five countries with Arctic Ocean frontage : Russia , the United States , Canada , Denmark ( through Greenland ) , and Norway .
The changes are also being documented by visitors to the Arctic .
Minnesota polar explorer Will Steger this June encountered high , jagged blocks of ice near Canada 's Ellesmere Island that ultimately forced his team to change its plans .
The ice blocks were apparently from ice shelves that had broken off .
" We were traveling over the ruins of the Arctic Ocean , " Steger said .
" Five , 10 , 20 years from now , when we see this picture clearly , we wo n't believe what we 've done . "
In preparation for my spring senior seminar on the Great Depression , I ’m currently reading Amity Shlaes ’ The Forgotten Man .
The book is a wonderful history of the Great Depression , written by a journalist who knows enough good economics to tell the story well .
In reading it last night , I had the wonderful experience of learning something new that made me think about a whole bunch of interesting questions I had n’t considered before .
As a scholar , there really is n’t a better feeling and it ’s one I wish I could convey better to students so they would see that what appears to be the dorkiness of their professors is really our desire to share one of life ’s most profound joys .
What I learned was the story of the Schechter brothers of Brooklyn , NY .
The Schechters ran two kosher butcher shops , poultry specifically , in Brooklyn .
They were Jewish immigrants in the 1930s .
Running a kosher butcher shop is a complicated affair , as the Laws of Kashrut are far more than a “ dietary ” code .
Normally , keeping Kosher is thought of as just a set of rules about what food observant Jews cannot eat ( e.g. , pork , shellfish , scavengers , etc and no mixing milk with meat ) , but it is at least as much an ethical code .
And that ethical code involves both how humans are to treat the animals they kill ( humanely , as kosher butchers must follow specific rules about how animals are killed ) as well as how they must treat their customers .
For observant Jews such as the Schechters , the Laws of Kashrut were both a matter of religious observance and good business .
Enter FDR and the NRA .
The National Recovery Administration was part of the early New Deal and was Roosevelt ’s attempt to cartelize American industry to prevent it from suffering the consequences of too much competition .
The thinking was that too much competition was keeping prices too low , which was undermining incomes and purchasing power , and dragging the economy down .
Matched with Hoover ’s and FDR ’s attempts to keep wages up , the NRA ’s similar attempt with prices made for a highly misguided combination that contributed to the length and depth of the Great Depresssion .
As part of its legislation , the NRA had all kinds of detailed codes for individual industries , describing to the letter how firms must do their business .
The Schechters fell under the “ Code of Fair Competition for the Live Poultry Industry of the Metropolitan Area in and About the City of New York ” ( and you thought Atlas Shrugged was fiction … . ) .
Among the things the code prohibited was “ straight killing ” which meant that customers could buy a whole or half coop of chickens , but did not have the right to make any selection of particular birds ( such individual selecction was “ straight killing ” ) .
This last rule was in direct conflict with Kashrut laws , which also served as an informal health code in the Jewish community .
As Shlaes points out , the phrase “ glatt kosher ” referred to the fact that the lungs of the animal were smooth ( which is what “ glatt ” means ) and therefore free of tuberculosis .
Inspecting the lungs was part of the official process of conferring Kosher status on a butcher shop .
Removing unhealthy animals from the stock was one of the core principles of keeping Kosher , and the rabbinical inspectors were fanatic about doing this .
But so were customers .
As Shlaes points out , individual customers , both retailers and their customers , had the right to refuse individual animals .
This minimized the risk of an unhealthy animal getting through when both seller and buyer did such inspections .
And it ensured that the kosher laws served as a health code , or perhaps something more like the Underwriters Laboratory or Good Housekeeping seal .
The Schechters , as you may have guessed , were targeted by the NRA enforcement crew .
They were inspected repeatedly during the summer of 1934 , which forced them to violate their own Kashrut practices , telling customers that they could not reject individual birds as keeping Kosher allowed .
Not surprisingly , their deeply religious customer base began to dwindle .
The constant inspection turned up a variety of violations , including allegations that they had , in fact , sold sick chickens ( not surprising , if true , given that part of their own internal inspection process was negated by the NRA code itself ! ) .
They were also accused of “ competing too hard ” and keeping prices “ too low . ”
Shlaes recounts a couple of hilarious exchanges between the government lawyers and the Schechters where the knowledge of the actor is much greater than the knowledge of the expert .
Eventually , the lower courts found them guilty of 60 different violations and they all served a little bit of jail time .
But more important , the Schecters ’ lawyer continued to appeal and the case made it all the way to the Supreme Court , where the Roosevelt Administration saw it as the perfect test case of the constitutionality of the NRA , and perhaps the whole New Deal .
Coverage of the case , Shlaes shows , was highly tinged with the standard anti-Semitism of the time , especially because the Schechters were right out of Jewish central casting , being immigrants with their Eastern Eurpoean cadences and traditional Jewish dress .
It was the Jewish rubes of Brooklyn against the high powered WASP lawyers of the northeast corridor .
In the end , the Court ruled invalidated the NRA codes on a unanimous decision , including Justice McReynolds , one of the great defenders of liberty of contract and the Constitution in the early 20th century – he wrote the Meyer and Pierce decisions that now define the right to marry and parent – who was reported to be quite the anti-Semite .
( He put his constitutional principles before his prejudices in this case though . )
The four Jewish poultry butchers from Brooklyn had won over FDR and the fascist NRA codes .
This was the first of several Court decisions that invalidated the first New Deal , and it was the Schechters ’ willingness to fight this all the way to the top that was partially responsible .
As Shlaes notes , the real insult of the accusations against the Schechters , in their eyes , was not that they had broken the NRA code , but that they were accused of violating , and forced to behave in ways that actually did violate , the Laws of Kashrut , which mattered more to them .
There are two fascinating elements to this story .
First , there ’s a terrific dissertation waiting to be written that explores the Laws of Kashrut as a set of informal institutions that serve as a non-governmental health code .
It would be a project complementary to Lisa Bernstein ’s work on the informal norms of the diamond industry .
That story is only made better by the role the NRA played in overriding the , arguably superior , private sector arrangements within the Jewish community .
The NRA ’s attempt at cartelizing and planning all of these industries destroyed the indigenous institutions that functioned better .
The other fascinating element is what this says about the relationship between Roosevelt and the Jews .
The other night I happened to catch for the second time the episode of PBS ’s terrific series on “ The Jewish Americans ” that covers the Depression era and the Holocaust .
It notes how much the Jews loved Roosevelt , but also notes the criticism he took for not acting more aggressively to save Eastern Eurpoean Jews ( only his friend Morgenthau ’s intervention finally pushed FDR to act by giving Morgenthau the authority to start rescuing people – about 20,000 altogther - which was better than nothing but still a drop in the bucket . )
And it ’s certainly true that FDR remains iconic among Jews , especially my parents ’ and grandparents ’ generation .
But with the Schechters , we have a case where the Administration targeted Jewish merchants / middlemen for the dual sins of being good capitalists and observant Jews , both of which did n’t fit the NRA ’s plans .
And the way in which the prosecution was conducted and was covered by the newspapers put a whole bunch of anti-Semitic stereotypes into play .
Why did n’t this sour more Jews on FDR ?
And why , when you take this case and FDR ’s too little , too late approach to the Holocaust , is FDR still viewed so positively by so many Jews ?
I can offer a few answers to that question , many of them obvious I think , but it remains interesting that his sins were , and are , overlooked by many Jews .
Finally , I consider myself to be fairly familiar with the history of Jews in America , but nowhere in my Jewish education or in the aforementioned PBS series had I ever heard of the Schechter brothers .
A quick email exchange with the lay - rabbi at my synagogue indicates he had n’t either .
The PBS series devotes , and rightly so , significant attention to the trial of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg , but not a word about the Schechters .
Again , one can speculate as to why this is the case , but whatever the explanation , it ’s a shame that an important part of Jewish history , including a victory for Jewish law over civil law ( implicitly anyway ) , has been , as far as I can tell , ignored by modern day Jews .
It ’s also a story that , also as far as I know , has n’t been told in any detail by classical liberals until Shlaes ’ book .
I ’d happily be corrected on that .
In keeping with Shlaes ’ theme of the “ forgotten man , ” the Schechters have indeed been forgotten by Jews and by classical liberals , both of whom have every reason to rescue them from the dustbin of history and recognize both their heroism and the fascinating questions of political economy their case raises .
UPDATE : According to a commenter at the Volokh Conspiracy : " A member of the Schechter family has told me that shortly after the ruling Schechter Poultry went bankrupt .
The family claims that the Jews of New York found out that the Schechters has run afoul of their beloved President Roosevelt and therefore stopped giving their business to the company . "
I have no idea if this is true , but if so , it only adds to the strange relationship between Jewish Americans and FDR .
The authorities have been treating the outbreak with great caution
Confirmation came following tests at the Veterinary Laboratory Agency in Weybridge in the UK .
The H5N1 strain has caused heavy losses of livestock in south - east Asia since 2003 and more than 60 human deaths .
Although its human victims contracted the disease from contact with birds , there are fears a mutant form of the virus may start passing between humans .
The WHO has warned millions could die in a global pandemic if this happens .
Cases of bird flu were reported in two villages in eastern Romania earlier this month .
H5N1 BIRD FLU VIRUS
Principally an avian disease , first seen in humans in Hong Kong , 1997 Almost all human cases thought to be contracted from birds Isolated cases of human - to - human transmission in Hong Kong and Vietnam , but none confirmed
Q&A : Avian flu
" The results are that it is H5N1 but further laboratory results are required in order to confirm the origin of the virus , " said a spokesman for the UK agriculture ministry .
Romanian officials have said further drastic measures will be needed to contain the outbreak .
QUICK GUIDE
Bird flu
Domestic poultry has already been culled in the affected area , and a 3 km quarantine zone has been set up around it .
Romanian agriculture and veterinary officials are to meet local and government politicians to discuss a response to the outbreak .
' No risk to public '
Turkey has already reported the discovery of the lethal strain of the virus among birds in the west of the country .
The EU has banned imports of live birds and poultry products from Romania and Turkey .
Speaking after it was confirmed that the strain of bird flu discovered in Romania was the same as that in Turkey , EU Health Commissioner Markos Kyprianou said action had already been taken .
" The Commission had already been working on the assumption that the virus found in Romania was also the H5N1 strain , " he said .
" Therefore appropriate measures are already in force . "
EU veterinary experts said on Friday that the bird flu outbreak did not represent a risk to the general public " at present " .
In a statement released after talks in Brussels they said the disease " remains confined to poultry and wild birds " .
They urged governments to identify areas where the disease was most likely to strike and to make sure poultry was not exposed to wild birds .
